Calochilus campestris, commonly known as the copper beard orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to south-eastern Australia. It has a single fleshy, channelled leaf and up to fifteen pale green and red flowers with a purple "beard".
Description
Calochilus campestris is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single fleshy, channelled leaf long, wide and triangular in cross-section. Between three and fifteen pale green flowers with reddish lines, long and wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal is erect, egg-shaped, long and wide. The lateral sepals are a similar length but narrower. The petals are lance-shaped to egg-shaped, long, wide and spread widely apart from each other. The labellum is egg-shaped and curved in side view, long and wide. The base of the labellum is fleshy and has two smooth, metallic blue plates and the middle part has bristly purple hairs. The tip has a short glandular "tail" long. The column has two sham "eyes" but without a ridge joining them. Flowering occurs from October to November but each flower only lasts between two and four days.
Taxonomy and naming
Calochilus campestris was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown and the description was published in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen. The specific epithet (campestris) is a Latin word meaning "of or pertaining to fields".
Distribution and habitat
The copper beard orchid grows in a wide range of habitats from heath to montane forest. It is found south from the Blackdown Tableland in Queensland, in coastal New South Wales and as far inland as Temora and is widespread in Victoria. It is only known in Tasmania from a single collection from Clarke Island in 1979 and in South Australia from a single record in the Mount Billy Conservation Park on the Fleurieu Peninsula in 1983.
Conservation
Calochilus campestris is class as "rare" in South Australia and as "endangered" in Tasmania under the Threatened Species Protection Act 1995. The main threats to the species on Clarke Island are land clearing, inappropriate fire regimes and inappropriate grazing regimes.
References
campestris
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Queensland
Orchids of Victoria (Australia)
Orchids of South Australia
Orchids of Tasmania
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
The Seram friarbird (Philemon subcorniculatus), also known as the grey-necked friarbird, Ceram friarbird, grey-necked honeyeater and gray-necked honeyeater, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to Indonesia where it occurs on Seram Island in the Maluku Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. They are common and conspicuous and often in small groups of up to four individuals.
The Seram friarbird is the largest of its family, and is approximately 78% heavier than the grey-collared oriole, which is an almost perfect mimic of it.
References
Seram friarbird
Birds of Seram
Endemic fauna of Seram Island
Seram friarbird
Seram friarbird
Seram friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Yale Schola Cantorum, under the direction of principal conductor David Hill, is an internationally renowned chamber choir that performs regularly in concert and for occasional choral services throughout the academic year. Supported by the Yale Institute of Sacred Music with Yale School of Music, the choir specializes in repertoire from before 1750 and the last hundred years. The Schola Cantorum was founded in 2003 by Simon Carrington; from 2009 to 2013, it was led by conductor Masaaki Suzuki, who remains its principal guest conductor. In recent years, the choir has also sung under the direction of internationally renowned conductors Simon Halsey, Paul Hillier, Stephen Layton, Sir Neville Marriner, Nicholas McGegan, James O'Donnell, Stefan Parkman, Krzysztof Penderecki, Helmuth Rilling, and Dale Warland.
Yale Schola Cantorum regularly partners with Juilliard415, the Juilliard School's principal period ensemble, for performances in New Haven and New York City. In addition, the Schola Cantorum records and tours nationally and internationally. The Schola Cantorum's live recording of Heinrich Biber's 1693 Vesperae longiores ac breviores with Robert Mealy and Yale Collegium Musicum received international acclaim from the early music press, as have subsequent CDs of J. S. Bach's rarely heard 1725 version of the St. John Passion and Antonio Bertali's Missa resurrectionis. A commercial recording on the Naxos label of Mendelssohn and Bach Magnificats was released in 2009.
Yale Schola Cantorum is among the most selective choirs in the United States and is open by audition to any student at Yale University, although many of its singers are affiliated with the School of Music.
References
External links
Official site
Yale University
Kō Station may refer to either of the following railway stations in Japan:
Kō Station (Aichi) on the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line
Kō Station (Tokushima) on the Tokushima Line
The Russian route R254 is a federal highway in Russia and Kazakhstan and is part of the Baikal Highway (which is part of the Trans-Siberian Highway). It runs from Chelyabinsk through Kurgan, Petropavl, and Omsk until Novosibirsk, with a total length of .
The Chelyabinsk-Omsk stretch is also included into the European route E30.
Before 2018, the route was known as the M51.
Major Cities
Chelyabinsk
Petropavl
Omsk
Novosibirsk
Gallery
References
Transport in Siberia
Roads in Siberia
Constituent roads of European route E30
The Lapis Satricanus ("Stone of Satricum"), is a yellow stone found in the ruins of the ancient town of Satricum, near Borgo Montello (), a village of southern Lazio, dated late 6th to early 5th centuries BC. It was found in 1977 during excavations by C.M. Stibbe. It reads:
(?)IEI STETERAI POPLIOSIO VALESIOSIO
SVODALES MAMARTEI
("The (?) dedicated this, as companions of Publius Valerius, to Mars")
This inscription has attracted attention for several reasons. Its language has been identified as Old Latin or a closely related dialect. It is important for comparative Indo-European grammar, as it is the only Latin inscription to show the ending -osio for the genitive singular of the thematic noun declension. Latin later has -ī as the ending for this case, but by comparison with Sanskrit, Mycenaean and Homeric Greek and other languages, it becomes clear that -osio is a far earlier form.
Another point of interest is the presence of the word suodales (Classical Latin sodales). In historic times, this word referred to a member of a sodalitas, a religious fraternity or brotherhood who met for ritual meals or as a burial organization. "Since the suod- element in suodales is cognate with the English word 'swear'", writes Gary Forsythe, "the term suggests that some kind of oath was taken, binding the members of the group together in a common purpose." Forsythe uses this and that this was a dedication to Mars to suggest this indicates the existence of an armed group of sworn followers, similar to "the war bands led by Homeric heroes, the warlike aristocratic companions of the Macedonian kings during the classical period, and the war bands surrounding the Celtic and Germanic chieftains described by Caesar and Tacitus". Forsythe notes this puts a new light on the account of the Battle of the Cremera, an event where the entire gens Fabia fought as a group the armed men of the rival town of Veii only to be tragically defeated.
A third point of interest to historians and archaeologists of early Latium is the name preserved on the inscription. The archaic name of Poplios Valesios is rendered in Classical Latin as "Publius Valerius". That has led to speculation that the inscription refers to Publius Valerius Publicola, the patrician ally of Lucius Junius Brutus who dominates the list of early consuls recorded by the Fasti Capitolini and is credited, in traditional accounts, as one of the primary founders of the Roman Republic. Positive identification is at least somewhat problematic because the town of Satricum was not part of Roman territory when Publius Valerius was consul. However, the "lapis" itself may not have been dedicated in Satricum in the first place since it was found as part of a collection of recycled material used in the construction of a temple in the town, and it could well have been imported from elsewhere.
References
External links
Il Lapis Satricanus (in Italian)
Publius Valerius Publicola
Roman archaeology
Latin inscriptions
History of Rome
Latin epigraphy
Thomas White (birth unknown – death unknown) was an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s and 1910s. He played representative level rugby union (RU) for Somerset, at armed services level for the Army, and at club level for Bath (two spells) (captain) and Bristol as a goal-kicking half-back, i.e. number 9 (scrum-half) or 10 (fly-half/outside-half), and representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain, England and Lancashire, and at club level for Oldham (Heritage No. 102), as a goal-kicking , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, 6, or 7.
Background
Tom White was born in Bath, Somerset, England, and he served with the Manchester Regiment during World War I.
Playing career
International honours
Tom White was a non-playing reserve-to-travel for England (RU) against Ireland in the 1904 Home Nations Championship match at Rectory Field, Blackheath, London on Saturday 13 February 1904, and he won caps for England (RL) while at Oldham in 1908 against Wales, in 1910 against Wales (2 matches), in 1911 against Wales, and Australia, and won a cap for Great Britain (RL) while at Oldham in 1908 against New Zealand.
County honours
Tom White won cap(s) for Somerset (RU) while at Bath/Bristol, and won cap(s) for Lancashire (RL) while at Oldham.
Championship appearances
Tom White played in Oldham's victory in the Championship during the 1904–05 season, and played and scored two tries in the 20-7 victory over Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1910–11 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 6 May 1911, in front of a crowd of 15,543.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Tom White played i.e. number 2, in Oldham's 3-17 defeat by Warrington in the 1907 Championship Final during the 1906–07 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 27 April 1907, in front of a crowd of 18,500.
County Cup Final appearances
Tom White played in Oldham's 16-9 victory over Broughton Rangers in the 1907–08 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1907–08 season at Athletic Grounds, Rochdale on Saturday 30 November 1907, in front of a crowd of 14,000, played in the 9-10 defeat by Wigan in the 1908–09 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1908–09 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 19 December 1908, in front of a crowd of 20,000, played in the 4-3 victory over Swinton in the 1910–11 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1910–11 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 3 December 1910, in front of a crowd of 14,000, and played in the 5-0 victory over Wigan in the 1913–14 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1913–14 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 6 December 1913, in front of a crowd of 18,000,
Club career
Tom White made his début for Bath against Knowle RFC (in Knowle, Bristol) on Saturday 15 February 1902, he transferred from Bath to Bristol, he transferred from Bristol to Bath, he played his last match for Bath against Taunton R.F.C. on Saturday 16 April 1904, he changed rugby football codes from rugby union to rugby league when he transferred from Bath to Oldham during February 1905, he made his début for Oldham in the 8–5 victory over Bradford F.C. at Watersheddings, Oldham on Monday 20 March 1905, he scored his last try, and played his last match for Oldham in the 7–10 defeat by Leigh at Mather Lane (adjacent to the Bridgewater Canal), Leigh on Saturday 13 December 1913.
References
External links
Search for "White" at espn.co.uk (RU)
Statistics at bathrugbyheritage.org
Match Reports - 1903-1904 at bathrugbyheritage.org
Match Reports - 1904-1905 at bathrugbyheritage.org
1905-1906 Anecdotes at bathrugbyheritage.org
Search for "Thomas White" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
Search for "Tom White" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
Army rugby union players
Bath Rugby players
Bristol Bears players
British Army personnel of World War II
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
English rugby union players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Manchester Regiment soldiers
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Somerset
Rugby league wingers
Rugby union halfbacks
Rugby union players from Bath, Somerset
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Vernon County Courthouse may refer to:
Vernon County Courthouse (Missouri), Nevada, Missouri
Vernon County Courthouse (Wisconsin), Viroqua, Wisconsin
Lawrence Gilliard Jr. (born September 22, 1971) is an American actor who has appeared in films, television series, and theatre. He portrayed D'Angelo Barksdale on the HBO drama series The Wire, a role which earned him critical acclaim. He is also known for his role as Bob Stookey in the AMC horror drama The Walking Dead. He was in the cast of David Simon's HBO TV series The Deuce, which premiered in September 2017 and concluded in October 2019. Gilliard Jr. has had roles in movies such as Straight Out of Brooklyn (1991), Next Stop Wonderland (1998), and Gangs of New York (2002).
Early life and education
Gilliard was born in New York City. He and his family moved to Baltimore, Maryland, when he was seven years old.
Gilliard played clarinet and studied classical music at Baltimore School for the Arts. Jada Pinkett Smith and Tupac Shakur were classmates of Gilliard's at the Baltimore School of the Arts.
After attending Juilliard School for three years as a clarinet performance student, Gilliard decided to pursue acting instead of music. He also studied acting at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, The Acting Studio – New York, and the Stella Adler Conservatory.
Career
Gilliard made his film debut playing the lead, Dennis Brown, in the 1991 independent film Straight Out of Brooklyn.
Gilliard has appeared on numerous television crime dramas such as Law & Order, Homicide: Life on the Street, The Wire, New York Undercover, and CSI: NY. Film roles include a love-struck ghetto teen in LottoLand (1995), an earnest college football player in The Waterboy (1998), and a member of the Dead Rabbits in Gangs of New York (2002).
Gilliard is also a stage actor. He received positive reviews for his role of Booth in a production of the Pulitzer Prize-winning play Topdog/Underdog. He joined The Walking Dead cast as a regular, playing Bob Stookey.
Personal life
, Gilliard was married to Michelle Paress, who joined the cast of The Wire in its fifth season.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Juilliard School alumni
Male actors from Baltimore
Male actors from New York City
Living people
1971 births
American Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
African-American male actors
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsukasa Hojo. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1981 to 1985, and collected into 18 tankōbon by Shueisha. The story follows the adventures of the three Kisugi sisters, Hitomi, Rui and Ai, who are art thieves trying to collect all the works belonging to their missing father.
Cat's Eye was adapted into an anime series by Tokyo Movie Shinsha and directed by Yoshio Takeuchi. thirty-six episodes were broadcast between July 11, 1983 until March 26, 1984. The opening theme "Cat's Eye" and the ending theme "Dancing with the Sunshine" were both sung by Anri.
A second series was later produced that ran for thirty-seven episodes from October 8, 1984 until July 8, 1985. The opening and the ending themes were by Mariko Tone.
For the 30th anniversary of the anime, the series was released in Japan on Blu-ray format from a new transfer. Two boxsets, one for each series were published by King Records on March 13, 2013. The boxset for the second series came with a DVD-ROM of animation artwork.
On April 16, 2007, ImaginAsian announced that they would broadcast the first season of Cat's Eye on ImaginAsian TV, and would thereafter give the series its first North American home video release, which happened in September 2007. The show began broadcasting in June of that year, with the first DVD released later that September. As of August 2008, it is currently unavailable. However, ImaginAsian still hold the license and is working to someday re-release the series. At Anime Expo 2013, Right Stuf Inc. announced that they had licensed the series and will release it on DVD under their Nozomi label. In November 2015 the series was added to the Crunchyroll streaming service. On December 13, 2021, Discotek Media announced that they have licensed Cat's Eye for Blu-ray release in North America. with the complete first season being released on April 26, 2022.
Series 1
Series 2
References
episodes
Cat's Eye
fr:Signé Cat's Eyes#Épisodes
The giant sunbird (Dreptes thomensis) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is the only species in the genus Dreptes. It is endemic to the island of São Tomé (São Tomé and Príncipe), where it occurs in the central massif.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss. The species was first described by José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage in 1889.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Nectariniidae
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Birds described in 1889
Fauna of São Tomé Island
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Quentin S. Crisp (born 1972) is a British writer and publisher of supernatural fiction. Unlike the better-known personality of the same name, this Quentin Crisp was given the name at birth but, being younger, must use his middle initial to disambiguate. Originally from North Devon, Crisp now lives in London. He has a bachelor's degree in Japanese from the University of Durham, has spent two periods living in Japan and Japanese literature is a significant influence in his work.
Crisp is responsible for the Chômu Press, publishing fiction by contemporary authors.
Crisp also writes lyrics, which have been recorded by Kodagain.
His novella Shrike was a 2009 Shirley Jackson Award finalist.
Bibliography
The Nightmare Exhibition, BJM Press (Chesterfield), 2001 (short stories)
Morbid Tales, Tartarus Press (Carlton-in-Coverdale), 2004 (short stories)
Rule Dementia, Rainfall Books (Calne, Wilts), 2005; republished by Snuggly Books, 2016 (short stories)
Shrike, PS Publishing (Hornsea, UK), 2009 (novella)
"Remember You're a One-Ball!", Chômu Press, 2010 (novel)
All God's Angels, Beware!, Ex Occidente Press (Bucharest, Romania) 2009; republished by Chômu Press in 2012 (short stories)
Defeated Dogs, Eibonvale Press, 2013 (short stories)
The Cutest Girl in Class, Snuggly Books, 2013 (a novel written in collaboration with authors Justin Isis and Brendan Connell)
The Boy Who Played with Shadows, L'Homme Récent (Bucharest, Romania), 2015 (memoir; limited to 85 copies)
Erith, Zagava (Düsseldorf, Germany), 2015 (novella; limited to 100 copies)
Blue on Blue, Snuggly Books, 2015 (novel)
The Paris Notebooks, Snuggly Books, 2017 (memoir)
Aiaigasa, Snuggly Books, 2018 (memoir)
Graves, Snuggly Books, 2019 (novel)
The Flowering Hedgerow, Snuggly Books, 2020 (memoir)
References
External links
Crisp's blog
Chomu Press website
1972 births
Living people
Alumni of Durham University
"Forever Mine" is a song by American new wave band The Motels, which was released in 1982 as the third single from their third studio album All Four One. The song was written by Martha Davis and produced by Val Garay. "Forever Mine" peaked at number 60 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Background
In a 1982 interview with The Boston Globe, Davis described "Forever Mine" as "the first happy song of my career", adding that at that point in her life she was "so in love and so happy".
Critical reception
On its release, Cash Box commented that "Forever Mine" "showcases the urgent power in Martha Davis' voice that gives The Motels its distinctive sound". They added that the song is "suitable for a wide range of formats" and "should continue the group's upward climb".
Track listing
7–inch single
"Forever Mine" – 3:22
"So L.A." – 3:36
7–inch promotional single (US)
"Forever Mine" – 3:22
"Forever Mine" – 3:22
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the Four One LP inner sleeve notes and 7-inch single sleeve notes.
The Motels
Martha Davis – vocals
Marty Jourard – keyboards
Michael Goodroe – bass
Brian Glascock – drums
Guy Perry – guitar
Production
Val Garay – producer
Charts
References
1982 songs
1982 singles
The Motels songs
Capitol Records singles
Songs written by Martha Davis (musician)
Song recordings produced by Val Garay
Celine Byrne (born 3 May 1980 in Kildare) is an Irish soprano.
Career
She first saw opera live at Milan's La Scala when she worked there as an au pair after leaving school. She then decided she wanted to be an opera singer and upon her return home began her first singing lessons age 18. Byrne received her master's degree in music from the Royal Irish Academy of Music in 2007, where she studied with Veronica Dunne, also receiving the RIAM Award for Outstanding Achievement. In addition she has an honours music degree from the Conservatory of Music and Drama, Dublin, where she was awarded the college Gold Medal for excellence. She has received coaching at the National Opera Studio of London and has studied with Christa Ludwig at the Vienna State Opera. In 2007 Byrne was awarded the first prize and gold medal at the Maria Callas Grand Prix, Athens. Other awards include the Margaret Burke Sheridan Gold Medal in 2009 for her contribution to the arts, the William Young Prize at the Veronica Dunne International Singing Competition, Dublin 2007, and the Brabants Dagblad Press Prize at the International Vocal Competition 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands.
On television she has performed on The Late Late Show and received her own episode of The Meaning of Life.
References
External links
Schedule, Operabase
Irish operatic sopranos
1980 births
Living people
Musicians from County Kildare
21st-century Irish singers
21st-century Irish women singers
Helsing or Hellsing may refer to:
Helsing (also styled Hellsing) a Swedish surname/soldier's name referring to the Swedish province (landskap) Hälsingland. Someone from Hälsingland is called a "Hälsinge", with the old (from the 17th to the 18th century) spelling that is "Hellsing" or "Helsing" (from Helsingland/Helsingeland)
Van Helsing (disambiguation)
Hellsing, a Japanese manga series
See also
Helsingborg, a town and the seat of Helsingborg Municipality, Scania, Sweden
Helsinge, the municipal seat of Gribskov municipality in Region Hovedstaden on Zealand in Denmark
Helsingør, a city in Denmark
Helsinki, the capital of Finland
Muscles is the debut solo album by hip hop musician Mele Mel. Despite being involved in the hip hop industry since 1978 and having appeared on numerous important singles and songs, Muscles is Mele Mel's first full-length album as a solo performer.
It was released January 23, 2007, on Power House Entertainment and was produced by Mele Mel and Frank G. The album was a commercial failure. One single was released: "M-3: The New Message" on download and 12-inch promo (simply titled "M-3" on the album). Both album and single failed to chart on any list.
Track listing
"Ice Cube Intro / Blow" – 2:17
"The Clapper" – 4:01
"New Truck" – 4:52
"M-3" – 4:11
"Left, Right, Left" – 4:40
"Muscles" – 4:12
"One More" – 4:17
"Dimelo (featuring Lynx)" – 4:06
"Hit List" – 4:11
"Move" – 4:22
"Another Hot Track" – 4:02
"Oh! What a Night" – 3:56
"Tha Bushes" – 6:31
"Cotton" – 4:30
"Crossfire" – 5:15
"Sellin' Those Things" – 4:09
Melle Mel albums
2007 debut albums
Gwara (iGwara) is a newly discovered Plateau language of Nigeria. It was first reported by Roger Blench in 2009. There are marked similarities with the related language Idun, but some of these may be due to borrowing.
References
Central Plateau languages
Languages of Nigeria
Anillidris is a genus of ants which only contains the species Anillidris bruchi. The genus is known only from a few collections in Brazil and Argentina. For a time Anillidris was synonymous with genus Linepithema, but was revived from synonymy by Shattuck (1992).
References
External links
Dolichoderinae
Monotypic ant genera
Hymenoptera of South America
Taxa named by Felix Santschi
The 2013 3 Hours of Zhuhai was the third round of the 2013 Asian Le Mans Series season. It took place on October 13, 2013, at the Zhuhai International Circuit in Zhuhai, China.
Race result
Race result is as follows. Class winners in bold.
References
External links
2013 Asian Le Mans Series season
2013 in Chinese motorsport
Howard G. Barnett Jr. (born 1950 Kansas City) is an American businessman and politician from Oklahoma who is currently serving as the President of Oklahoma State University-Tulsa.
Barnett previously served as the Oklahoma Secretary of Commerce under Governor of Oklahoma Frank Keating from 1998 to 1999. Keating appointed Barnett to serve concurrently as the Director of Oklahoma Department of Commerce.
Early life and career
An infant boy, whose birth name is unknown, was adopted immediately after his birth in Kansas City, Missouri by Howard Gentry Barnett, Sr. and Florence Lloyd Jones Barnett, of Tulsa.
After graduating from Edison High School in Tulsa, Barnett earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Tulsa in 1972 and a Juris Doctor from Southern Methodist University in 1975. After graduating from law school, Barnett served in private practice with interests in business, securities and tax law in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He then joined the Tulsa Tribune company, eventually rising to the position of president and CEO of that company until 1992. In 1993, Barnett accepted the position of Director of Business Development with Tulsa-based The Official Information Company.
During his career in Tulsa, he served as chair of the Tulsa Chamber of Commerce.
Keating Administration
Secretary of Commerce
Governor of Oklahoma Frank Keating appointed Barnett as his second Secretary of Commerce to replace outgoing Secretary Ron Rosenfeld. As secretary, Barnett had supervision over the Oklahoma Department of Commerce and the Oklahoma Department of Labor. In addition to his service as secretary, Keating appointed Barnett as director of the Commerce Department.
Chief of staff
Barnett continued to serve as secretary until 1999 when he resigned to become Governor Keating's chief of staff. Keating appointed Russell M. Perry to succeed Barnett. As chief of staff, Barnett served as Keating's chief advisor. In particular, he advised Keating on international trade promotion. Barnett continued to serve as Keating's chief of staff until the end of Keating's term as governor.
Private sector
Following the end of Keating's term as governor, Barnett returned to Tulsa to become the managing director of merchant banking with TSF Capital LLC, where he specialized in mergers and acquisitions.
Campaign for state treasurer
In 2006, Barnett announced he would seek the Republican nomination to challenge incumbent Democratic Oklahoma State Treasurer Scott Meacham. He secured the Republican nomination after defeating Daniel Keating, Frank Keating's brother. On election day in 2006, Meacham defeated Barnett with 60% of the vote.
Oklahoma State University
In 2009, Barnett worked as chief negotiator for the OSU Medical Center Trust as it was acquiring what would become the OSU Medical Center from the previous owner, Ardent Health Systems.
On October 5, 2009, the Board of Regents for Oklahoma State University (OSU) named Barnett president of OSU-Tulsa, succeeding Gary Trennepohl. In March 2010, the Board of Regents expanded his job scope to include being president of the OSU Center for Health Sciences (OSU-CHS), thus consolidating responsibility for leading all of OSU's activities located in Tulsa.
Barnett resigned as president of OSU-CHS in September 2013 to accept the position of chief executive officer of the OSU Medical Authority and OSU Medical Trust, which own OSU Medical Center. He then negotiated an arrangement for Mercy to become the managing partner of the Medical Center. He then returned to his former position at OSU-Tulsa.
Civic and philanthropic activities
Both Howard and Billie, individually and through their family foundation, are heavily involved in civic and philanthropic activities, including: the Tulsa Ballet, the Salvation Army, The Oklahoma Academy, the Oklahoma Center for Nonprofits, Philbrook Museum of Art, the Arts and Humanities Council of Tulsa, Youth Services of Tulsa and the National Council of Nonprofits.
Notes
References
External links
OSU-Tulsa official biography
1950 births
Oklahoma Republicans
Chiefs of staff to United States state governors
State cabinet secretaries of Oklahoma
Living people
University of Tulsa alumni
Southern Methodist University alumni
Politicians from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Oklahoma State University faculty
Heads of Oklahoma state agencies
Businesspeople from Tulsa, Oklahoma
The Niger Coast Protectorate was a British protectorate in the Oil Rivers area of present-day Nigeria, originally established as the Oil Rivers Protectorate in 1884 and confirmed at the Berlin Conference the following year. It was renamed on 12 May 1893, and merged with the chartered territories of the Royal Niger Company on 1 January 1900 to form the Southern Nigeria Protectorate.
References
Thomas Pakenham, The Scramble for Africa (Random House, 1991), pp. 197–199
StampWorldHistory
Stamworld stamp
Former British protectorates
Former Nigerian administrative divisions
History of the petroleum industry
History of Nigeria
States and territories disestablished in 1900
Niger River Delta
Former British colonies and protectorates in Africa
Petroleum industry in Nigeria
Colonial Nigeria
1884 establishments in the British Empire
1900 disestablishments in Nigeria
Ismail Ali Ogama (born 1 April 1985) is a Ugandan social scientist, certified Project Management Professional and politician. He is the elected Member of Parliament for Lower Madi County, Arua District, and a representative for NRM, the ruling political party in Uganda. He is a member of the NRM Parliamentary Caucus and serves on the Committee on Public Service and Local Government in the 10th Parliament of Uganda. He lost to Afidra Olema Ronald in the 2021-2026 Parliamentary Elections.
See also
Arua District
National Resistance Movement
West Nile sub-region
References
External links
Website of the Parliament of Uganda
Living people
1985 births
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
People from Arua District
People from Northern Region, Uganda
Active politicians
Makerere University alumni
Madi people
People from West Nile sub-region
21st-century Ugandan politicians
Eucyclodes buprestaria is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in the southern half of Australia and in Tasmania.
The wingspan is about 30 mm.
The larvae feed on Cassytha glabella and Cassytha pubescens.
References
Geometridae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1857
Taxa named by Achille Guenée
American singer and songwriter Erykah Badu has released five studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, one mixtape, 31 singles (including 13 as a featured artist), three promotional singles and 20 music videos. Badu's career began after opening a show for D'Angelo in 1994 in her hometown; record label executive Kedar Massenburg was highly impressed with her performance and signed her to Kedar Records. Her debut album, Baduizm, was released on February 11, 1997. It spawned three singles: "On & On", "Next Lifetime", and "Otherside of the Game". The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Badu's first live album, Live, was released on November 18, 1997 and was certified double Platinum by the RIAA.
Badu's second studio album, Mama's Gun, was released on October 31, 2000. It spawned three singles: "Bag Lady", "Didn't Cha Know?", and "Cleva". The album was certified platinum by the RIAA. Badu's third album, Worldwide Underground, was released on September 16, 2003. It generated two singles: "Danger" and "Back in the Day (Puff)". The album was certified gold by the RIAA. Badu's fourth studio album, New Amerykah Part One (4th World War), was released on February 26, 2008. It spawned two singles: "Honey" and "Soldier". New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh) was released in 2010 and fared well both critically and commercially.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Mixtapes
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Promotional singles
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Other credits
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
Notes
References
External links
Discographies of American artists
Contemporary R&B discographies
Soul music discographies
Jazz discographies
Hip hop discographies
Discography
Postpositive may mean:
in philosophy, related to postpositivism, a development of positivism
in grammar, following a related word or phrase, as with a postpositive adjective
See also
Postpositivism (international relations)
Preposition and postposition
The Austrian Regional League Central () is a third-tier division of Austrian football, established in the 1994–95 season. It covers the Austrian states of Carinthia (with East Tyrol), Styria and Upper Austria and is one of three leagues at this level.
Recent league champions
The most recent league champions:
2022–23 member clubs
USV Allerheiligen
TuS Bad Gleichenberg
Deutschlandsberger SC
FC Gleisdorf 09
SC Kalsdorf
SV Ried II
SV Spittal/Drau
ATSV Stadl-Paura
SAK Klagenfurt
USV St. Anna
SK Treibach
Union Gurten
UVB Vöcklamarkt
ELIN Weiz
FC Wels
Hertha Wels
Wolfsberger AC II
References
External links
Regional League Central (in German only)
Austrian Regional League Central tables & results at soccerway.com
Cen
Trego County (standard abbreviation: TR) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,808. Its county seat and largest city is WaKeeney.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1879, Trego County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Graham County (north)
Rooks County (northeast)
Ellis County (east)
Ness County (south)
Gove County (west)
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Route 40
U.S. Route 283
K-147
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,319 people, 1,412 households, and 936 families residing in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,723 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.77% White, 0.18% Black or African American, 0.39% Native American, 0.48% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.15% from other races, and 0.96% from two or more races. 0.78% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,412 households, out of which 27.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.10% were married couples living together, 6.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.70% were non-families. 31.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.86.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.90% under the age of 18, 5.50% from 18 to 24, 23.50% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 24.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 91.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,677, and the median income for a family was $40,524. Males had a median income of $26,545 versus $16,927 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,239. About 11.20% of families and 12.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.10% of those under age 18 and 12.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Trego County is often carried by Republican candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1964. The county has generally voted for Republican candidates by a larger margin by each passing election.
Laws
Trego County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
WaKeeney USD 208
Communities
Cities
Collyer
WaKeeney
Townships
Trego County is divided into seven townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Former towns and settlements in the county include Wilcox.
Gallery
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Trego County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 57 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Trego County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Trego County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1879 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1879
Dhodeni is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2001 people living in 368 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Girl with a Pearl Earring () is an oil painting by Dutch Golden Age painter Johannes Vermeer, dated 1665. Going by various names over the centuries, it became known by its present title towards the end of the 20th century after the earring worn by the girl portrayed there. The work has been in the collection of the Mauritshuis in The Hague since 1902 and has been the subject of various literary and cinematic treatments.
Description
The painting is a tronie, the Dutch 17th-century description of a 'head' that was not meant to be a portrait. It depicts a European girl wearing an exotic dress, an oriental turban, and what appears to be a very large pearl as an earring. In 2014, Dutch astrophysicist raised doubts about the material of the earring and argued that it looks more like polished tin than pearl on the grounds of the specular reflection, the pear shape and the large size of the earring.
The work is oil on canvas and is high and wide. It is signed "IVMeer" but not dated. It is estimated to have been painted around 1665.
After the most recent restoration of the painting in 1994, the subtle colour scheme and the intimacy of the girl's gaze toward the viewer have been greatly enhanced. During the restoration, it was discovered that the dark background, today somewhat mottled, was originally a deep enamel-like green. This effect was produced by applying a thin transparent layer of paint—a glaze—over the black background seen now. However, the two organic pigments of the green glaze, indigo and weld, have faded.
Ownership and display
On the advice of Victor de Stuers, who for years tried to prevent Vermeer's rare works from being sold to parties abroad, Arnoldus Andries des Tombe purchased the work at an auction in The Hague in 1881, for only two guilders plus thirty cents buyer's premium (around €24 at current purchasing power). At the time, it was in poor condition. Des Tombe had no heirs and donated this and other paintings to the Mauritshuis in 1902.
The painting was exhibited as part of a Vermeer show at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., in 1965 and 1966, and in another Vermeer exhibition in 1995-96. In 2012, as part of a traveling exhibition while the Mauritshuis was being renovated and expanded, the painting was exhibited in Japan at the National Museum of Western Art, Tokyo, and in 2013–2014 in the United States, where it was shown at the High Museum in Atlanta, the de Young Museum in San Francisco and in New York City at the Frick Collection. Later in 2014 it was exhibited in Bologna, Italy. In June 2014, it returned to the Mauritshuis museum which stated that the painting would not leave the museum in the future.
As a result of its promotion, Girl with a Pearl Earring has become one of the world's most recognizable paintings and has been compared to the Mona Lisa. In 2006, the Dutch public selected it as the most beautiful painting in the Netherlands.
Painting technique
The painting was investigated by the scientists of the Netherlands Institute for Cultural Heritage and FOM Institute for Atomic and Molecular Physics (AMOLF) Amsterdam.
The ground is dense and yellowish in colour and is composed of chalk, lead white, ochre and very little black. The dark background of the painting contains bone black, weld (luteolin, reseda luteola), chalk, small amounts of red ochre, and indigo. The face and draperies were painted mainly using ochres, natural ultramarine, bone black, charcoal black and lead white.
In February-March 2018 an international team of art experts spent two weeks studying the painting in a specially constructed glass workshop in the museum, open to observation by the public. The non-invasive research project included removing the work from its frame for study with microscopes, X-ray equipment and a special scanner to learn more about the methods and materials used by Vermeer. The project, with the name The Girl in the Spotlight, was headed by Abbie Vandivere, conservator at the Mauritshuis, and results were published by the Mauritshuis. A blog by Vandivere reveals many details of the project.
Results included the presence of delicate eyelashes, a green curtain behind the head, changes made, and details of the pigments used and where they came from. The lack of eyebrows and featureless background had led to speculation that Vermeer was painting an idealised or abstract face; the later discoveries showed that he was painting a real person in a real space. The pearl has been described as an illusion due to having "no contour and also no hook to hang it from the girl's ear".
Painting title
The painting has gone under a number of titles in various countries over the centuries. Originally it may have been one of the two tronies "painted in the Turkish fashion" (Twee tronijnen geschildert op sijn Turx) recorded in the inventory at the time of Vermeer's death. It may later have been the work appearing in the catalogue to a 1696 sale of painting in Amsterdam, where it is described as a "Portrait in Antique Costume, uncommonly artistic" (Een Tronie in Antique Klederen, ongemeen konstig).
After the bequest to the Mauritshuis, the painting became known as Girl with a Turban (Meisje met tulband) and it was noted of its original description in the 1675 inventory that the turban had become a fashion accessory of some fascination during the period of European wars against the Turks. By 1995, the title Girl with a Pearl (Meisje met de parel) was considered more appropriate. Pearls, in fact, figure in 21 of Vermeer's pictures, including very prominently in Woman with a Pearl Necklace. Earrings alone are also featured in A Lady Writing a Letter, Study of a Young Woman, Girl with a Red Hat, and Girl with a Flute. Similarly shaped ear-pieces were used as convincing accessories in 20th-century fakes that were briefly attributed to Vermeer, such as Young Woman with a Blue Hat, Smiling Girl and The Lace Maker.
Generally, the English title of the painting was simply Head of a Young Girl, although it was sometimes known as The Pearl. One critic explained that this name was given, not just from the detail of the earring, but because the figure glows with an inner radiance against the dark background.
Cultural impact
Some of the first literary treatments of the painting were in poems. For Yann Lovelock in his sestina, "Vermeer's Head of a Girl", it is the occasion for exploring the interplay between imagined beauty interpreted on canvas and living experience. W. S. Di Piero reimagined how the "Girl with Pearl Earring by Johannes Vermeer" might look in the modern setting of Haight Street in San Francisco, while Marilyn Chandler McEntyre commented on the girl's private, self-possessed personality.
There have also been three fictional appearances. As La ragazza col turbante (Girl with a Turban, 1986), it features as the general title of Marta Morazzoni's collection of five short novellas set in the Baroque era. In the course of the title story, a Dutch art dealer sells Vermeer's painting to an eccentric Dane in the year 1658. Indifferent to women in real life, the two men can only respond to the idealization of the feminine in art. In the following decade, Iain McClure's 1996 BBC radio play 'Paint Her Well', takes inspiration from Vermeer's painting (and his life) in its story of a king searching for a woman he has painted, having dreamt about her. The mysterious young woman, ethereally beautiful, her large pearl earring catching light from the left, is otherwise in darkness. Tracy Chevalier's 1999 historical novel Girl with a Pearl Earring fictionalized the circumstances of the painting's creation. There, Vermeer becomes close to a servant whom he uses as an assistant and has sat for him as a model while wearing his wife's earrings. The novel was adapted into a 2003 film of the same name and a 2008 play.
The painting also appeared in the 2007 film St Trinian's, where a group of unruly schoolgirls steal it to raise funds to save their school. At that period, too, fellow artists made iconic use of Vermeer's painting. Ethiopian American Awol Erizku recreated it as a print in 2009, centering a young black woman and replacing the pearl earring with bamboo earrings as a commentary on the lack of black figures in museums and galleries. His piece is titled Girl with a Bamboo Earring. And in 2014 the English street artist Banksy reproduced the painting as a mural in Bristol, incorporating an alarm box in place of the pearl earring and calling the artwork Girl with a Pierced Eardrum.
References
Further reading
External links
In-depth view of the Girl with a Pearl Earring
Analysis of the Girl with a Pearl Earring
An investigation into the illumination of Vermeer's Girl with a Pearl Earring
Vermeer, Girl with a Pearl Earring, ColourLex
February 2018 NYT Article
Essential Vermeer, mouse over its image to discover details
Girl with a Pearl Earring at the website of the Mauritshuis
1660s paintings
Genre paintings by Johannes Vermeer
Paintings in the collection of the Mauritshuis
Portraits of women
Thymocyte nuclear protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the THYN1 gene.
This gene encodes a protein that is highly conserved among vertebrates and plant species and may be involved in the induction of apoptosis. Alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been described.
References
Further reading
German submarine U-129 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the AG Weser yard, Bremen as yard number 992 on 30 July 1940, launched on 28 February 1941 and was commissioned on 21 May with Kapitänleutnant Nicolai Clausen in command.
Her service life began with training in the 4th U-boat Flotilla; she moved to the 2nd Flotilla for operations on 1 July 1941.
She sank 29 ships, a total of , on ten patrols.
Design
German Type IXC submarines were slightly larger than the original Type IXBs. U-129 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 9 V 40/46 supercharged four-stroke, nine-cylinder diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Siemens-Schuckert 2 GU 345/34 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . U-129 was fitted with six torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 22 torpedoes, one SK C/32 naval gun, 180 rounds, and a SK C/30 as well as a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of forty-eight.
Service history
She made the short journey from Kiel, arriving in Horten Naval Base in Norway on 24 July 1941.
First, second and third patrols
The boat's first patrol involved her departure from Horten, crossing the North Sea and entering the Atlantic Ocean by passing close to the Faroe Islands on the Icelandic side. She arrived at Lorient (where she would be based for most of her career), in occupied France on 30 August 1941.
Her second sortie saw her cross the Bay of Biscay to a point north of the Azores.
Her third patrol was further south, as far south as a similar latitude to Rio de Janeiro, but success continued to elude her.
Fourth patrol
Things improved dramatically when as part of Operation Drumbeat, she attacked Nordvangen on 20 February; this ship sank in one minute northeast of Trinidad. Staying in the West Indies / northern South America region, she sank another six vessels.
1926 DS CADMUS (UKJ101192601) Torpedoed and sunk 01/07 by the German submarine U 129 (Kapitänleutnant Hans Ludwig Witt) in position 22.50N-92.30W while on a voyage from Tela, Honduras til Galveston, TX, USA with bananas.
To men lost. Captain Alfred Stenersen and the survivors abandoned into 2 lifeboats. They landed 06/07 about 60 nm south of Texpan, Mexico.
1927 MS GUNDERSEN (UKJ101192702) Departed Tela, Honduras 29/06 with 16.255 banana stems for Galveston, TX, USA. Torpedoed 01/07 by the German submarine U-129 (Kapitänleutnant Hans-Ludwig Witt) in position 23.33N-92.35V in the Gulf of Mexico. 22 were saved by Norwegian SS DEA, but an English messboy died, probably during the explosion. GUNDERSEN caught fire and sank within the next 45 minutes.
Fifth and sixth patrols
The submarine returned to her sunshine haunts; included in the toll was Hardwicke Grange, which was sunk with torpedoes and the deck gun north of Puerto Rico on 12 June 1942. She also sank Millinocket on 17 June off La Isabela, Cuba and a ship from the Soviet Union, Tuapse, in the Gulf of Mexico on 4 July.
Her sixth patrol included the sinking of Trafalgar about northeast of Guadeloupe on 16 October 1942 and West Kebar some northeast of Barbados.
Seventh, eighth and ninth patrols
Patrol number seven saw ships such as the and Panam consigned to the deep. On the return journey U129 was refuelling from the 'milk cow' supply submarine when two men were swept overboard. One was recovered fairly swiftly but the other could not be found.
Her eighth patrol was west of the Canary Islands and produced no results.
U-129s ninth patrol was divided into two; she departed Lorient on 9 October 1943, but put into Saint-Nazaire on the 11th. A day later she headed for the US east coast, sinking Libertad on 4 December off North Carolina.
Tenth patrol
The boat began her last operation which at 111 days, was her longest, on 22 March 1944. Steaming south, she encountered Anadyr about south southeast of Recife in Brazil and sank her.
Fate
The boat was taken out of service at Lorient 4 July 1944; she was scuttled on 18 August. She was raised and broken up in 1946.
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
World War II submarines of Germany
1941 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
German Type IX submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1941
Maritime incidents in August 1944
The United States national rugby sevens team got off to a strong start in the 2018–19 World Rugby Sevens Series. The team reached the finals in Dubai, South Africa, New Zealand, and Australia, the first time the U.S. had reached four consecutive finals and was ranked joint first in the overall Series after the first four legs. In the fifth leg, the U.S. won beating Samoa 27–0. This was the U.S.'s second straight USA Sevens win, giving them sole possession of first place in the Sevens World Series. The U.S. remained in first place for several more tournaments, but consecutive semifinal losses to Fiji in the last two tournaments in London and Paris meant that Fiji won the Series with the U.S. finishing second. The U.S. overall had its best season ever — the second-place finish beating their previous best of fifth. Additionally, qualifying for five consecutive tournament finals as well as reaching the semifinals in all ten tournaments were U.S. records. Carlin Isles scored 52 tries, ranked first overall among all players.
Standings
The following shows the standings for the 2018–19 series for the 15 core teams. The top four finish by the U.S. qualified the team for the 2020 Olympics.
Source: World Rugby
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size:92%;"
|-
!colspan=2| Legend
|-
|style="width:4.5em;"|No colour
|Core team in 2018–19 and re-qualified as a core team for the 2019–20 World Rugby Sevens Series
|-
|style="background:#fcc;"|Pink
|Relegated as the lowest placed core team at the end of the 2018–19 series
|-
|colspan=2 style="border-left:3px solid #06f;"| Qualified to the 2020 Olympic Sevens as one of the four highest placed eligible teams from the 2018–19 series.
|-
|}
World Series results by tournament
U.S. vs Fiji
Fiji and the U.S. were the top two teams at the end of the Series and during the final rounds of the Series. The teams met during seven of the ten Series tournaments. All their matchups were during the knockout rounds; they never met during pool play. The U.S. won the first matchup, and Fiji winning all of the other six matches.
Player season statistics
The following table shows the leading players for the U.S. at the conclusion of the 2018–19 World Rugby Sevens Series. Carlin Isles led all players on the Series with 52 tries and 48 clean breaks. Madison Hughes ranked second in the Series with 299 points. Ben Pinkelman ranked third with 191 carries. Stephen Tomasin ranked fifth with 101 tackles.
Source: World Rugby website.
Player and coach Series awards
Three U.S. players made the seven-man World Series Dream Team:
2018–19 Coach of the World Series: Mike Friday, U.S. head coach.
2019 USA Sevens
The United States won the 2019 USA Sevens by beating Samoa 27–0 in the final. This was the first second time that the United States won its home tournament (2018 was the first). USA's Ben Pinkelman was named Player of the Final.
Substitutes: Brett Thompson, Maceo Brown, Kevon Williams, Marcus Tupuola, and Ben Broselle.
Unavailable due to injury: Danny Barrett, Perry Baker
References
2018–19
United States
2019 in American rugby union
Ivanhoe Gambini (25 March 1904 – 23 December 1992) was an Italian painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1904 births
1992 deaths
20th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Busto Arsizio
20th-century Italian male artists
Plasmodium garnhami is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Like all Plasmodium species, P. garnhami has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Description
The parasite was first described by Guindy et al. in 1965.
Geographical occurrence
This species is found in Egypt.
Clinical features and host pathology
Host species include the hoopoe (Upupa epops) and the rain quail (Coturnix coromandelica).
References
garnhami
Parasites of birds
Xandru Grech is a Maltese athlete, athletics coach, media personality and entrepreneur.
Personal life
(Alexsander) Xandru Grech was born on October 11, 1974 to parents Louis Grech and Maria Grech Ganado.
Xandru attended St Edwards College, Malta and graduated from the University of Malta with a degree in Communications. He is a qualified Power Plate instructor and IAAF Level 4 Athletics Coach. He is also President of Malta Coaches Athletics Association.
Athletics career
He began his career in athletics at the very early age of 9 years to become one of Malta's most recognized middle distance runners registering National records in the 800m and 1500m at the Small Nations Games in 1995 held in Luxembourg. In that same year he qualified for the 1995 World Championships in Athletics - Men's 1500m. He formed part of the Maltese team at the 1997 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race held in Torino, Italy where he achieved his last recorded result on an international level. Grech continues to be actively involved in athletics through coaching, sport event organisation and philanthropic activity.
In 2019 he was instrumental, as part of Malta's organizing team, to introduce the Superleague Triathlon to Malta. He continues his passion for fitness and sport through his Move Fitness Centers in Malta.
Media personality
Grech has hosted various TV Programs and Ceremonies in Malta and is a regular guest on many TV and Radio Shows. He is actively involved in various philanthropic events and social awareness campaigns.
In 2009 he featured in the tongue-in-cheek Maltese feature film, Maltageddon and a year later in Malta Force Cinema in 2010. He is brand ambassador for Iniala, the co-founders and organizers of the Malta Social Impact Awards and Inspirasia Foundation
On 3 May 2020, he hosted Malta Together - A Festival of Gratitude and Inspiration, an online and TV music festival featuring leading Maltese singers and musicians with the aim of bringing the country together during the COVID-19 pandemic. He is an active member of Malta Together - a community platform founded by Inspirasia Foundation created to help people in Malta live their lives better during the COVID-19 pandemic, by providing access to support, activities, entertainment, and useful services.
References
Living people
1974 births
Maltese television people
Maltese male cross country runners
Maltese male middle-distance runners
World Athletics Championships athletes for Malta
University of Malta alumni
Philippe Cadorette (born April 7, 1995) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing for the Norfolk Admirals of the ECHL.
Cadorette played major junior hockey with the Baie-Comeau Drakkar of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). Cadorette, who has played in the QMJHL since the 2011–12 season, was rewarded for his outstanding play when he was named to the 2013–14 QMJHL First All-Star Team.
After his junior career in the QMJHL in the 2014–15 season, Cadorette initially signed an amateur try-out contract with the Wheeling Nailers of the ECHL on April 25, 2015, however only trained with the club.
On August 6, 2015, Cadorette signed his first professional contract in agreeing to a one-year contract with the Norfolk Admirals of the ECHL, a secondary affiliate of the Edmonton Oilers.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Baie-Comeau Drakkar players
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
French Quebecers
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Norfolk Admirals (ECHL) players
Sportspeople from Saint-Hyacinthe
The term four pipers, also known as a four stacker, is United States Navy terminology for classes of destroyers with four funnels. These include the classes listed below:
These classes were built for use by the United States Navy during World War I and subsequently "moth-balled". Fifty were loaned, under the Destroyers-for-bases_deal to the United Kingdom when convoy escorts were desperately needed in the early years of World War II.
References
External links
Four Piper Destroyer Organization, 2005, "General Specifications"
Ship types
Hélène Mannarino (born 17 July 1990) is a French journalist, television, and radio presenter. Having a passion for media and journalism at a young age, she interned at several radio stations and national television channels before appearing for the first time on screen in 2014 as a columnist on channel France Ô, before later joining C8.
In 2018, she joined the TF1 Group and became presenter for the program Appels d'urgence on TFX. She also presented several columns on the channel LCI and the radio station Europe 1.
Early life and education
Hélène Mannarino was born in Valenciennes in the department of Nord, and grew up in the town of Saint-Saulve. She is of Italian descent. At the age of 10, Mannarino became interested in journalism, taking an interest in French presenter and producer Marc-Olivier Fogiel. She joined the audience of the program On ne peut pas plaire à tout le monde. Mannarino studied in Valenciennes at the Saint-Jean Baptiste middle school and the Notre-Dame high school. She completed her middle school internship at the redaction of the regional daily newspaper La Voix du Nord.
Mannarino began her training course with a communications degree in Lille, followed by a history degree at the Charles de Gaulle University. She completed her second year abroad, interning at the radio station RTL. She met Jean-Michel Apathie who collaborated with the station and who allowed her to join the staff of Le Grand Journal as an intern for six months in 2011. During this period, she also joined the European Institute of Journalism but ended the classes after having been hired as an assistant for the program La Nouvelle Édition. She made a validation des acquis and obtained her master's degree.
Television career
She appeared for the first time on screen in 2014 as a columnist for the program Le Lab.Ô on France Ô, with her column titled Les Scoops d'Hélène. She then joined the staff of Le Grand 8 on D8 to present a column titled La semaine d'Hélène in 2015. In September 2016, she stayed on the same channel, re-named C8 in the meantime, and became a columnist for the program Il en pense quoi Camille?, presented by Camille Combal. She stopped being a columnist for Il en pense quoi Camille? when the program became more focused on entertainment.
In 2017, she arrived at the TF1 Group on channel LCI, where she presented from Monday to Friday a column titled Carte blanche. In October 2020, she tried for one week presenting the evening news on the same channel. In early 2019, her column Carte blanche ended on LCI. In replacement, she participated at La Matinale on the same channel. Since September 2021, she became a co-host of La Matinale.
In September 2018, she began presenting the reportage program Appels d'urgence on TFX. In late 2020, she presents Rétroscopie on TMC, a program that imagines an interview of a celebrity in the future.
During the summer of 2021, she presented several episodes on prime time on TF1 of Le Grand Quiz, a program that quizzes the audience on several precise themes.
Radio career
In August 2019, she debuted on radio on the station Europe 1, presenting from Monday to Friday in the morning Le Portrait inattendu, a column from the breakfast program Culture médias.
Personal life
Hélène Mannarino has a brother and two sisters. Her brother works in physiotherapy, and her sisters are in education and human resources. Her father works with foster children and her mother Geneviève Mannarino is engaged in politics.
Her father was diagnosed with cancer, leading her engage herself at the Curie Institute.
Television programs
Presenter and columnist
2014 : columnist for Le Lab.Ô on France Ô
2015 : columnist for Le Grand 8 on D8
2016 : colimnist for Il en pense quoi Camille ? on C8
2017–2019 : cultural columnist with Carte blanche on LCI
2018–present : presenter of Appels d'urgence on TFX
2019 : columnist for La Matinale on LCI
2020–present : presenter of Rétroscopie on TMC
2021 : presenter of Incroyables mariages gitans on TFX
2021 : presenter of Le Grand Quiz on TF1
2021–2022 : co-host with Stefan Etcheverry of La Matinale on LCI
Contestant
2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 : Le Grand Concours des Animateurs on TF1 (4 participations)
References
1990 births
Living people
French women journalists
French television presenters
French women television presenters
French columnists
People from Valenciennes
French people of Italian descent
Isaac B. Van Houten (June 4, 1776 – August 16, 1850) was an American politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from New York from 1833 to 1835.
Biography
Born in Clarkstown (now New City), Rockland County, New York, Van Houten attended the common schools.
He engaged in milling and agricultural pursuits.
Political career
He served as member of the State assembly 1833–1835.
Van Houten was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-third Congress (March 4, 1833 – March 3, 1835).
Later career and death
He resumed his former business pursuits.
He died in Clarkstown (now New City), New York, August 16, 1850.
He was interred in the family burying ground on his estate near Clarkstown.
References
1776 births
1850 deaths
American people of Dutch descent
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
People from New City, New York
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
"Bad Girl Good Girl" is a song recorded by K-pop girl group Miss A for their debut EP Bad But Good. The song served as the group's debut single in June 2010. "Bad Girl Good Girl" became an instant commercial success in South Korea, topping the Gaon Digital Chart.
Release
On June 30, 2010, both "Bad Girl Good Girl" and their first EP Bad But Good were released.
Music video
On June 30, 2010, the music video for the song was released online. The music video features the girls in a school, dancing in sync.
Performances
The group had their debut performance on July 1, 2010, with "Bad Girl Good Girl" on M.net M! Countdown. They were number one for the first time on M! Countdown on July 22. Miss A became number one again on KBS Music Bank the following day on July 23 and on SBS Inkigayo on August 1. "Bad Girl Good Girl" was awarded Song of The Month on Cyworld, one of the biggest Korean music portals.
Accolades
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales
References
2010 singles
Miss A song
Korean-language songs
Gaon Digital Chart number-one singles
Songs written by Park Jin-young
2010 songs
JYP Entertainment singles
Kakao M singles
This is the incomplete list of official social and NGO organisations in Myanmar. You can expand it.
Auxiliary Fire Brigade
Biodiversity and Nature Conservation Association (BANCA)
Foreign Correspondents' Club of Myanmar
Forest Resource Environment Development and Conservation Association
Manaung Township Association (Yangon)
Myanmar Auxiliary Fire Brigade
Myanmar Christian Fellowship of the Blind
Myanmar Computer Federation
Myanmar Computer Industry Association
Myanmar Computer Professionals Association
Myanmar Corn Farmers' Association (MCFA & EU)
Myanmar Dental Association
Myanmar Edile Oil Millers Association
Myanmar Engineering Society
Myanmar Floriculturists Association
Myanmar Health Assistants Association
Myanmar Heart Development Organization
Myanmar Hiking and Mountaineering Association
Myanmar Library Association
Myanmar Maternal and Child Welfare Association
Myanmar Medical Association
Myanmar Motion Picture Asiayone
Myanmar Motion Picture Organisation
Myanmar Music Asiayone
Myanmar Music Organisation
Myanmar National Committee for Women's Affairs
Myanmar Nurses Association
Myanmar Overseas Seafarers Association
Myanmar Pharmceutical Association (MPA)
Myanmar Photographic Society
Myanmar Printing and Publishing Association
Myanmar Red Cross Society
Myanmar Sports Writers Federation
Myanmar Thabin Organisation
Myanmar Theatrical Organisation
Myanmar Traditional Artist and Artisans Organisation
Myanmar Veterans' Organisation
Myanmar War Veteran Organisation
Myanmar Women's Affairs Federation
Myanmar Women's Development Association
Myanmar Women's Entrepreneurs Association
Myanmar Writers and Journalists Association
Myanmar Writers and Journalists Organisation
The Central Committee for Drug Abuse Control
Union of Myanmar Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry
Union Solidarity and Development Association
Myanmar Environmental Legal Services (MELS)
Capacity Building Initiative (CBI)
External links to social and NGO organisations
Union Solidarity and Development Association
Myanmar Women's Affairs Federation
The Central Committee for Drug Abuse Control
Myanmar Computer Federation
Myanmar Computer Professionals Association
Myanmar Computer Industry Association
Myanmar Overseas Seafarers Association
Union of Myanmar Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry
The Myanmar Maternal and Child Welfare Association
NGO Myanmar
The 1972 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University (BYU) for the 1972 NCAA University Division football season. It was their first year under head coach LaVell Edwards and the Cougars finished over .500 for the first time since 1969.
Schedule
Preseason
Defensive coordinator LaVell Edwards was promoted to head coach in January to take over for the departed Tommy Hudspeth, who ended up as the head coach at UTEP by season's end.
BYU was returning 28 players from the previous year but Golden Richards would not be one of them. Richards claimed it was because the Cougars were still a run-oriented offense while BYU and Edwards said it was because Richards had trouble keeping with his academics.
Roster
Starters
Offense
Defense
Coaching staff
Results
Long Beach State
Statistics
Passing
Rushing
Receiving
Awards
All-WAC: Dave Atkinson, Dan Hansen, Paul Howard, Paul Linford, Ron Tree, Pete Van Valkenburg
WAC Coach of the Year: LaVell Edwards
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Shushan is a city in the Khuzestan province of Iran.
Shushan may also refer to:
Shushan Airport, former name of New Orleans Lakefront Airport
Shushan District, a district in Hefei, Anhui, China
Shushan, New York, United States
The lower, outer gate of the second Temple in Jerusalem
People with the surname
Amit Ben Shushan (born 1985), Israeli football player
John IX bar Shushan (11th century), Syriac Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch
Naji Shushan (born 1981), Libyan football defender
See also
Shushan Bridge
Karl Aage Rasmussen (born 13 December 1947 in Kolding, Denmark) is a Danish composer and writer.
Composition
Quotation and particularly collage played an important role in his music from the early 1970s, but increasingly he used pre-existing musical material in new connections and for new purposes, most often in a densely woven montage of small idioms which in themselves were too tiny to work as quotes, but were put together so closely as to create entirely new patterns. He continued to use montage technique, but the non-directional expression was gradually replaced by developmental forms. This is apparent in music for the stage and was later continued in works such as A Symphony in Time and the string quartets Solos and Shadows and Surrounded by Scales.
The chamber symphony Movements on a Moving Line marks the beginning of a long period dominated by an interest in time and tempo, here as a kind of time-travel where the same music seems to appear and disappear in different tempi. New conceptions of time, partly related to the self-similarity in fractal mathematics, has dominated his music since then. In more recent years psychological and dramatic dimensions have emerged in works such as the violin concerto, Scherzo with Bells, Webs in a stolen Dream and the violin concerto "Sinking through the Dream Mirror". 2015-18 composer in residence with the baroque orchestra Concerto Copenhagen resulting in several new works including "The Four Seasons After Vivaldi" (2016).
For more than two decades Rasmussen worked as full professor of composition at the Academy of Music in Aarhus, Denmark. Among his students: Louis Aguirre Rovira, Anne Linnet, Kaj Aune, Peter Bruun, Anders Brødsgaard, Karsten Fundal, Michael Nyvang, Jesper Koch, Niels Rønsholdt and Simon Steen-Andersen.
Writing
Rasmussen is a prolific writer of essays, so far collected in three volumes. His books, among which several have been translated, on Glenn Gould, Robert Schumann, Sviatoslav Richter, Gustav Mahler, John Cage, Johann Sebastian Bach, George Gershwin, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Johannes Brahms, Sergei Prokofiev and music in the 20th century have reached a wide audience.
Reconstruction
Rasmussen has also been engaged in several large projects centered on the music of Franz Schubert. Schubert left his opera Sakontala unfinished and with only the parts for singers sketched out, but Rasmussen completed and orchestrated a performing version of the opera, first performed in Stuttgart 2006. He has further reconstructed what he believes to be Schubert's lost Gastein symphony and created an orchestral version of his melodrama Der Taucher commissioned by the Danish singer Bo Skovhus. He has also completed Robert Schumann's fourth piano sonata.
Selected works
Opera
Jephta (1977)
Majakovskij (1978)
Jonah (radio opera 1983)
Our Hoffmann (1986)
The Sinking of the Titanic (1993)
Sakontala (reconstruction of an unfinished opera by Franz Schubert, 2003)
Orchestral
Recapitulations (1968)
Symphonie Classique (1969)
Anfang und Ende (1973)
A Symphony in Time (1982)
Movements on a Moving Line (1987)
Three Friends (1995)
The Lion, the Mouse, the big Elephant and Jens, the Ant (1997, tale for children after Asger Jorn)
Scherzo with Bells (1996)
A Tempo (2001)
Postludes, for 23 solo strings (2007)
Building (2007)
Concertante
Contrafactum, cello concerto (1980)
Violin concerto ("Sinking through the Dream Mirror", 1993)
Double concerto for harp and guitar (1998)
Invisible Mirrors, for guitar and chamber orchestra (1999)
Concerto for baroque oboe and (period) stringe (2015)
Concerto for baroque violin (2017)
Chamber music
This moment (1966)
Resonance (1972)
Love is in the World (1975)
A Ballad of Game and Dream (1975)
Berio Mask (1977)
Parts Apart (1978)
Italian concerto (1981)
Four, Five – for brass quintet (1982)
Solos and Shadows (string quartet, 1983)
Surrounded by Scales (string quartet, 1985)
Movements on a Moving Line (chamber version, 1988)
Webs in a Stolen Dream (1996)
Twin Dream (1998)
Trauergondol (1998)
Camera oscura, saxophone quintet (2001)
Liri for flute, clarinet, bassoon, strings and piano (2008)
Scherzino - a homage to Brahms (2015) for clarinet, violin, cello and piano
Follia, follia ... for 2 oboes, bassoon, string quintet and harpsichord (2015)
Græs for large unaccompanied choir (2018)
Gleichwie das Gras, Cantata nach Bach (2019)
Piano solo
13 Etudes and Postludes (1990)
Contrary Dances (1992)
Barcarole (1996)
Sonata IV (completion of Robert Schumann's unfinished fourth piano sonata)
Arrangements, transcriptions etc.
Carl Nielsen: Commotio, interpretation for full orchestra (2000)
Franz Schubert: Symphony in E (Gastein), reconstruction (2004)
Robert Schumann: Five lieder (lyrics by Hans Christian Andersen), version for orchestra (2005)
Franz Schubert: Der Taucher, version for orchestra (2006)
Johannes Brahms: Serenade 1 in D major, version for 10 instruments
Johannes Brahms: Serenade 2 in A major, version for 10 instruments
Igor Stravinsky: Concertino, version for 9 instruments
Erik Satie: Sports et divertissement, version for 7 instruments
Antonio Vivaldi: The Four Seasons, a new reading for soloists, period strings and continuo
Niels W. Gade: Piano trio in B-flat major, 1839, three unfinished movements completed
Honors
1987 Hakon Børresen prize
1991 Carl Nielsen prize
1997 Edition Wilhelm Hansen prize
2003 The Danish Academy, The Foundation's Prize
2012 Poul and Sylvia Schierbecks Memory Grant
2017 Grand Prize of the Frobenius Foundation
External links
Official website: http://www.karlaagerasmussen.com
Edition Wilhelm Hansen
Gyldendal publishers
1947 births
Living people
People from Kolding
Danish classical composers
Danish male classical composers
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
20th-century Danish male musicians
21st-century male musicians
Corn is a 2004 drama-thriller starring Jena Malone about the dangers of genetically modified food.
Plot
Emily Rasmussen (Malone) drops out of college upon realizing that she is pregnant, and reluctantly returns to her stepfather's (Don Harvey) sheep ranch to get her life together. She plans on keeping the baby, even though the father of the child, a politician, refuses to help her for fear of a scandal. Emily's mother died when she was young, and she has a very awkward relationship with her father.
Upon her arrival, Emily notices that her father's sheep are acting rather strangely; they appear to be viciously fighting over a weed that is the byproduct of their neighbor's corn. That neighbor began growing corn when provided with a newly generated seed that was meant to be immune to all pesticides. The corn was altered genetically so it could grow with very little water so it could be used in otherwise barren places, such as parts of Africa, to feed starving people.
After witnessing a lamb being born with only two legs, Emily decides to investigate this corn and its weed byproduct, and learns that it is an experiment in genetic engineering. After hearing about the death of the newborn baby of a friend who regularly ate lamb, Emily realizes she has to do something to put a stop to this. Her efforts will entail standing up to the big corporation that is testing the corn, her employers, and ultimately, her father.
External links
2004 films
American independent films
American thriller drama films
2000s thriller drama films
2004 drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Kozlovo () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Konakovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia, located close the right bank of the Shosha River (the Ivankovo Reservoir). Population:
History
The village of Kozlovo was first mentioned in the 16th century. After 1781, it belonged to Klinsky Uyezd of Moscow Governorate. In 1857, a carpet factory was open by merchant Flanden. The factory served for a long time as the main employer in Kozlovo.
On July 12 1929, Moscow Governorate was abolished, and the area was transferred to Moscow Oblast. Uyezds were abolished as well, and Zavidovsky District, with the administrative center in Novozavidovsky, was established within Tver Okrug of Moscow Oblast. Kozlovo was included into Zavidovsky District. On July 23, 1930, the okrugs were abolished, and the districts were directly subordinated to the oblast. On January 29, 1935 Kalinin Oblast was established, and Zavidovsky District was transferred to Kalinin Oblast. In November and December 1941, during World War II, Kozlovo was occupied by German troops. In 1958, Kozlovo was granted urban-type settlement status. On November 14, 1960 the district was abolished and merged into Konakovsky District. On February 13, 1963, during the abortive Khrushchyov administrative reform, Konakovsky District was merged into Kalininsky District, but on January 12, 1965 it was re-established. In 1990, Kalinin Oblast was renamed Tver Oblast.
Economy
Kozlovo is one of the gateways to Zavidovo nature reserve, a closed area which is only accessible to high-level state employees. The headquarters of the nature reserve are located in Kozlovo, and it is by far the main employer.
Industry
There are two textile factories in the settlement.
Transportation
The closest railway station is Zavidovo in the settlement of Novozavidovsky, at the Moscow – Saint Petersburg Railway. It belongs to the Leningradsky suburban railway linew and is connected by regular passenger suburban service with both Moscow (Moscow Leningradsky railway station) and Tver.
Kozlovo has road access via Novozavidovsky to the M10 highway, which connects Moscow and St. Petersburg. In the opposite direction, it is connected to Tver via Turginovo.
Culture and recreation
Kozlovo contains two cultural heritage monuments of local significance. They are the Church of the Nativity of John the Baptist, constructed in 1880, and a monument to the soldiers fallen in World War II.
References
Notes
Sources
Urban-type settlements in Tver Oblast
Klinsky Uyezd
Skage Simonsen Lehland (born 12 April 1998) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Loudoun United in the USL Championship.
Career
Early career & college
Simonsen played with SK Brann at youth level, before joining various lower league clubs in Norway, including Sandviken, Fana, Os TF, Krohnsminde (futsal), and Varegg.
In 2018, Simonsen moved to the United States to play college soccer at St. John's University. In two seasons in New York, Simonsen made 38 appearances, scoring nine goals and tallying ten assists. He was named Big East Freshman of Year in 2018 and All-Big East Second Team in both seasons. Simonsen transferred to Southern Methodist University in 2020, going on to score ten goals and add four assists to his name in 27 appearances for the Mustangs. He was named AAC First Team in both his seasons at SMU.
While at college, Simosen also traveled back to Norway during the summers to play with Lokomotiv Oslo, where he made six appearances and scored five goals in the Norwegian Third Division. In 2021, he played with fifth-tier US side NY Pancyprian-Freedoms.
Professional
On 11 January 2022, Simonsen was drafted 69th overall in the 2022 MLS SuperDraft by D.C. United. He signed with D.C. United's USL Championship affiliate side Loudoun United on 8 March 2022.
References
External links
D.C. United profile
1998 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
D.C. United draft picks
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Fana IL players
Loudoun United FC players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Norwegian footballers
Norwegian Third Division players
IL Sandviken players
SMU Mustangs men's soccer players
St. John's Red Storm men's soccer players
USL Championship players
A recent inquiry regarding the naming of the Zoneton community of Bullitt County led us to pull out an article written by Jeri Pitts and published in The Postboy on 4 Apr 1974.
We quote the following from that article.
"In 1875 this area consisted of scattered farms, a blacksmith shop, two schools, grist mills, general store, churches and a post office. Dr. J. R. Holsclaw was appointed postmaster and told to select a name (at that time the area had none). He had given considerable thought and was still undecided as to a name.
"One cold night returning from a house call, while walking along Preston Highway, back then called 'The Pike,' he was thinking about what to name the post office and the community. Ase he rode on horseback his attention was drawn to the ribbons of light made on Tanyard Branch by the moon shining though the bare tree limbs and the pike. This reminded him of something but what? He stopped and looked closer at these patterns. Oh, yes, it looked like zones on a map, he had his name, Zoneton...
"Even back then good things happened that deserve our remembrance today, he was completely unselfish in his selection of the name. It would have been normal for him to have used a name such as Holsclawburg or Holsclawville, thereby making his own name remembered after he was gone. But, he chose Zoneton, it was original and romantic in the way it was chosen."
Zoneton is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
It is served by the Zoneton Fire Protection District.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Gabino or Gavino Gaínza y Fernández de Medrano (October 20, 1753 or 1760, depending on the source, Guipúzcoa, País Vasco, Spain – c. 1829, Mexico City) was a Spanish military officer and politician in Spain's American colonies. During the Latin American wars of independence, he initially fought on the royalist side, in Chile. Later, in Guatemala, he supported independence and became the first president of a united Central America extending from Soconusco (in Chiapas) through Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
Military career
He arrived in Peru in 1783 as a Spanish military officer. There he participated in the repression of the indigenous rebellion headed by Túpac Amaru. Afterwards, he was transferred to Guayaquil as a colonel in charge of the fleet of gunboats in the port. In Guayaquil in 1799, he married Gregoria Rocafuerte, the sister of the future Ecuadoran patriot and president Vicente Rocafuerte. He was 46 and she was 20.
His military career continued without any setbacks. He was appointed in 1792 knight of the Order of St. John. He was a confidant of several Peruvian viceroys. He was promoted to brigadier and given command of the Battalion Infante Don Calres in Lima in 1811.
Royalist chief in the war in Chile
In January 1814, he was sent to Chile by Viceroy José Fernando de Abascal y Sousa as captain general of the kingdom and commanding general of the royalist forces. He replaced Juan Francisco Sánchez, a captain who led the royalist forces in Chillán after the death of Brigadier Antonio Pareja.
The instructions of Viceroy Abascal were to revive the war against the Chilean insurgents, which had fallen into a state of inactivity. Gaínza embarked from El Callao at the head of a force of 125 chosen men. This was augmented by the addition of 700 militiamen from Chiloé, after the arrival in Chile.
The landing of Gaínza in Arauco on January 31, 1814, could not be prevented by the troops of Bernardo O'Higgins, commander of the insurgents in this sector. In Arauco on February 3, 1814, he met with numerous Mapuches and obtained promises of their support and recognition of old treaties with the crown, as well as the promise of Toqui (War Chief) Mañil to supply 6,000 soldiers.
Gaínza was also able to add the forces of Chillán to his command.
One of his columns, commanded by Ildefonso de Elorriaga, took Talca on March 3, 1814. In this action a small, isolated unit of patriots was massacred. This incident, together with the heroic death of the commander of the insurgents, Colonel Carlos Spano, provoked a political crisis in Santiago. The Superior Governing Council presided over by Agustín Eyzaguirre had abandoned Talca only a few days before, moving towards the capital with nearly all the royalist forces of Talca as their escort. One result of this embarrassing situation was the fall of the Council. Francisco de la Lastra took control of the government as Supreme Director.
The following day (March 4), Gaínza received another stroke of luck from one of his militia units, commanded by Clemente Lataño. This unit took prisoner José Miguel Carrera and Luis Carrera, old chiefs of the patriot army.
The successes of the royalist side had political repercussions among the insurgents. However, the outcome of the campaign became less certain with time. Neither side could achieve a decisive victory. Gaínza and his officers were alternately victorious and defeated in the following actions:
The Battle of Cucha-Cucha
The Battle of Gamero
The Battle of El Quilo
The Battle of El Membrillar
The First Battle of Cancha Rayada
The Battle of Guajardo
The Battle of Río Claro
The Battle of Quechereguas
At the conclusion of the last action, on April 5, 1814, both armies were exhausted and in terrible logistic conditions. After three months of operations under Gaínza's command, the royalists had increased the territory under their control, taking Talcahuano and Concepción, but the royalist force had been seriously weakened.
Because of this, the arrival of English Commodore James Hillyar with instructions from Viceroy Abascal to negotiate with the rebels was considered opportune. After negotiations, Gaínza signed the Treaty of Lircay, committing himself to leave the Province of Concepción. In exchange, he obtained promises of loyalty to Ferdinand VII on the part of the patriot envoys, Bernardo O'Higgins and Juan Mackenna.
Everything indicated that the treaty was nothing else except a way in which both sides could obtain a truce. Gaínza did not abandon his positions by the agreed date, nor did the rebels live up to the agreement.
Nevertheless, Viceroy Abascal was infuriated when he read the text of the Treaty of Lircay. He removed Gaínza from command, replacing him with Mariano Osorio. Not content with that, he had Gaínza court martialed in Lima, accused of exceeding his orders.
Regaining prestige
Gaínza had to wait under guard for the conclusion of the court martial in Lima. In 1816, he was acquitted, but his reputation in the army was seriously damaged. Therefore, he moved to Quito, under the jurisdiction of the viceroy of New Granada.
At the beginning of 1820 Gaínza, further separated from superiors who distrusted him, obtained the position of general subinspector of the forces in the Viceroyalty of New Spain (Mexico) and the position of Captain General of Guatemala, with its five provinces: Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
The new viceroy of Peru, Joaquín de la Pezuela, protested against this appointment, arguing that Gaínza was sympathetic to the rebels. The acting captain general of Guatemala, Carlos de Urrutia y Montoya, also protested, claiming that Gaínza's advanced age of 67 made him unfit for the position.
Declaration of independence of Guatemala
Gaínza obtained the new position in spite of the opposition of Urrutia (who had suppressed a rebellion in August 1820). He assumed governmental power on March 9, 1821.
In August 1821, Mexico achieved its independence, under the rule of Emperor Agustín de Iturbide. Guatemala was technically a dependency of Mexico (New Spain). Gaínza adapted to the new situation by openly joining the independence side. On September 15, 1821, in the city hall of Guatemala City, the Kingdom of Guatemala was declared independent of Spain. On that day, Gaínza was one of the signers of the Act of Independence of Central America.
The city government decided that their act would have to be ratified by a national congress, to be inaugurated on March 1, 1822. Until that occurred, the royal officials, political, military and administrative, were to remain in their positions. In this way, Gaínza became, de facto, the first head of state of the independent nation of Central America (Jefe político in the words of the Act of Independence).
The annexation to Mexico
However, there was one important point that the Act of Independence of September 15 did not address—the relation of the Kingdom of Guatemala to the recently created Mexican Empire.
On October 29, 1821, Mexican Emperor Iturbide sent Gaínza a message inviting Guatemala to form part of the Empire. Earlier he had written to encourage the Central Americans to send delegates to the constituent congress scheduled to meet in Mexico City. But the new letter ended with the announcement of a more concrete political reality—a large Mexican army had been sent to the border with Guatemala.
Gaínza answered a month later, on December 3, 1821, that it was necessary to consult with various city governments in order to respond to the invitation. He concluded his answer with the words "I hope that Your Excellency will suspend your decisions and stop the advance of your army until the arrival of my answer, which I will send by mail on January 3, 1822."
Two days after that date, Gaínza was able to send his response, although it was not complete. 32 city governments accepted annexation; 104 accepted with conditions; 2 opposed the plan; and another 21 felt that the question could be decided only by the congress scheduled to meet in March.
This last group was correct; although Gaínza's plan to consult the city governments bought some time, it was a clear violation of Article 2 of the Act of Independence: "Congress must decide the point of absolute general independence and fixm, in case of agreement, the form of government and the fundamental law of governance."
In addition, suspicions arose about the count. The secretary of the consultative junta that advised Gaínza, Mariano Gálvez, was accused of having manipulated the results to favor annexation.
But it was also true that many towns (Comayagua, Ciudad Real, Quetzaltenango, Sololá, the intendencias of Nicaragua) joined the Empire on their own initiative, jumping over the chain of command that included Guatemala City. There was much pressure to adopt this decision. Gaínza and the Consultative Provisional Junta thus declared the union of the Kingdom of Guatemala to the Mexican Empire in an act signed January 5, 1822 in Guatemala City.
The consequences included:
On January 11, 1822, El Salvador denounced the annexation as illegitimate and declared itself in rebellion, and under the direction of José Matías Delgado and Manuel José Arce it prepared for armed resistance.
On January 23, 1822, Iturbide named Gaínza provisional captain general of Guatemala.
On February 25, 1822, Gaínza ordered an oath of adhesion to the Mexican Empire.
On March 30, 1822, Iturbide gave Gaínza the title of lieutenant general of the Kingdom and offered him the position of governor of a province of the Empire or of Nueva Galicia, as a reward for his services. He was appointed Knight of the Grand Cross of the Imperial Order of Our Lady of Guadalupe.
Gaínza asked for the dispatch of the Mexican troops already at the border (600 men under the command of Vicente Filísola) to Central America.
On June 12, 1822 Filísola's troops arrived in Guatemala City.
On June 23, 1822, by order of Iturbide, Gaínza turned over power to Filísola and left the country for Mexico.
The conclusion
As far as is known, Iturbide did not fulfill his promises to Gaínza. The old soldier did not receive the government of a single island. All that is known is that he died in dire poverty in Mexico City around the year 1829.
His widow returned to Guayaquil, with his numerous decorations and an agreement of the city government of Guatemala City that granted her husband a military pension of 10,000 pesos for life annually from 1821, but there is no record that these payments were made.
References
Gabino Gaínza This article is a free translation of the article in the Spanish Wikipedia.
Héctor Gaitán A., Los Presidentes de Guatemala. Artemis & Edinter, Guatemala 1992, .
External links
Short biography
Royalists in the Hispanic American Revolution
Basque people
Spanish generals
People of the Spanish American wars of independence
People of the Latin American wars of independence
History of Chile
History of Mexico
History of Central America
History of Guatemala
People from Gipuzkoa
Presidents of Guatemala
People of the Chilean War of Independence
Heads of state of the Federal Republic of Central America
18th-century births
Year of birth uncertain
1829 deaths
WWIO may refer to:
WWIO (AM), a radio station (1190 AM) licensed to St. Marys, Georgia, United States
WWIO-FM, a radio station (88.9 FM) licensed to Brunswick, Georgia, United States
The Lady and the Dale are an American documentary television miniseries revolving around Elizabeth Carmichael, who launched Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation and created a car called "The Dale". It consists of four episodes and premiered on HBO on January 31, 2021.
Synopsis
In 1970, entrepreneur Elizabeth Carmichael rose to fame with her creation: "The Dale", a fuel efficient three-wheeled car. As the car rose to prominence, it thrust Carmichael into media scrutiny about the car's technology and her own past.
The series features interviews with Carmichael's children Candi Michael and Michael Michael; grandchild Jeri Buchard; news anchors and journalists Dick Carlson, Pete Noyes and Mark Lisheron; Carmichael's brother-in-law Charles Richard Barrett; former employees of Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation; and Susan Stryker, Mia Yamamoto and Sandy Stone.
Episodes
Production
In August 2020, it was announced that Nick Cammilleri and Zackary Drucker would direct the series and executive produce, with Mark Duplass and Jay Duplass serving as executive producers under their Duplass Brothers Productions banner, with HBO Documentary Films producing and HBO set to distribute.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes, the series holds an approval rating of 100% based on 19 reviews, with an average rating of 8.12/10. The website's critical consensus states, "An intoxicating blend of historical footage, candid interviews, and animation that deftly captures Liz Carmichael's incredible life, The Lady and the Dale is a wild ride." On Metacritic, the series has a weighted average score of 76 out of 100, based on 11 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Writing for The Wall Street Journal media critic John Anderson described the series as "A lot of stories - about fraud, flight, FBI manhunts, transgender politics, selective prosecution, bias in the media, and corruption in the courts." Anderson faulted the series for its extensive use of cutout animation, an approach described as "too flippant for the subject matter."
Accolades
References
External links
2021 American television series debuts
2021 American television series endings
2020s American documentary television series
2020s American television miniseries
English-language television shows
HBO original programming
HBO documentary films
True crime television series
Television series set in the 1970s
Television series by Home Box Office
Television series by Duplass Brothers Productions
Documentary television series about crime in the United States
2020s American LGBT-related television series
Transgender-related television shows
In computing, a virtual machine (VM) is the virtualization/emulation of a computer system. Virtual machines are based on computer architectures and provide functionality of a physical computer. Their implementations may involve specialized hardware, software, or a combination.
Virtual machines differ and are organized by their function, shown here:
System virtual machines (also termed full virtualization VMs) provide a substitute for a real machine. They provide functionality needed to execute entire operating systems. A hypervisor uses native execution to share and manage hardware, allowing for multiple environments which are isolated from one another, yet exist on the same physical machine. Modern hypervisors use hardware-assisted virtualization, virtualization-specific hardware, primarily from the host CPUs.
Process virtual machines are designed to execute computer programs in a platform-independent environment.
Some virtual machine emulators, such as QEMU and video game console emulators, are designed to also emulate (or "virtually imitate") different system architectures thus allowing execution of software applications and operating systems written for another CPU or architecture. Operating-system-level virtualization allows the resources of a computer to be partitioned via the kernel. The terms are not universally interchangeable.
Definitions
System virtual machines
A "virtual machine" was originally defined by Popek and Goldberg as "an efficient, isolated duplicate of a real computer machine." Current use includes virtual machines that have no direct correspondence to any real hardware.
The physical, "real-world" hardware running the VM is generally referred to as the 'host', and the virtual machine emulated on that machine is generally referred to as the 'guest'. A host can emulate several guests, each of which can emulate different operating systems and hardware platforms.
The desire to run multiple operating systems was the initial motive for virtual machines, so as to allow time-sharing among several single-tasking operating systems. In some respects, a system virtual machine can be considered a generalization of the concept of virtual memory that historically preceded it. IBM's CP/CMS, the first systems to allow full virtualization, implemented time sharing by providing each user with a single-user operating system, the Conversational Monitor System (CMS). Unlike virtual memory, a system virtual machine entitled the user to write privileged instructions in their code. This approach had certain advantages, such as adding input/output devices not allowed by the standard system.
As technology evolves virtual memory for purposes of virtualization, new systems of memory overcommitment may be applied to manage memory sharing among multiple virtual machines on one computer operating system. It may be possible to share memory pages that have identical contents among multiple virtual machines that run on the same physical machine, what may result in mapping them to the same physical page by a technique termed kernel same-page merging (KSM). This is especially useful for read-only pages, such as those holding code segments, which is the case for multiple virtual machines running the same or similar software, software libraries, web servers, middleware components, etc. The guest operating systems do not need to be compliant with the host hardware, thus making it possible to run different operating systems on the same computer (e.g., Windows, Linux, or prior versions of an operating system) to support future software.
The use of virtual machines to support separate guest operating systems is popular in regard to embedded systems. A typical use would be to run a real-time operating system simultaneously with a preferred complex operating system, such as Linux or Windows. Another use would be for novel and unproven software still in the developmental stage, so it runs inside a sandbox. Virtual machines have other advantages for operating system development and may include improved debugging access and faster reboots.
Multiple VMs running their own guest operating system are frequently engaged for server consolidation.
Process virtual machines
A process VM, sometimes called an application virtual machine, or Managed Runtime Environment (MRE), runs as a normal application inside a host OS and supports a single process. It is created when that process is started and destroyed when it exits. Its purpose is to provide a platform-independent programming environment that abstracts away details of the underlying hardware or operating system and allows a program to execute in the same way on any platform.
A process VM provides a high-level abstraction that of a high-level programming language (compared to the low-level ISA abstraction of the system VM). Process VMs are implemented using an interpreter; performance comparable to compiled programming languages can be achieved by the use of just-in-time compilation.
This type of VM has become popular with the Java programming language, which is implemented using the Java virtual machine. Other examples include the Parrot virtual machine and the .NET Framework, which runs on a VM called the Common Language Runtime. All of them can serve as an abstraction layer for any computer language.
A special case of process VMs are systems that abstract over the communication mechanisms of a (potentially heterogeneous) computer cluster. Such a VM does not consist of a single process, but one process per physical machine in the cluster. They are designed to ease the task of programming concurrent applications by letting the programmer focus on algorithms rather than the communication mechanisms provided by the interconnect and the OS. They do not hide the fact that communication takes place, and as such do not attempt to present the cluster as a single machine.
Unlike other process VMs, these systems do not provide a specific programming language, but are embedded in an existing language; typically such a system provides bindings for several languages (e.g., C and Fortran). Examples are Parallel Virtual Machine (PVM) and Message Passing Interface (MPI). They are not strictly virtual machines because the applications running on top still have access to all OS services and are therefore not confined to the system model.
History
Both system virtual machines and process virtual machines date to the 1960s and continue to be areas of active development.
System virtual machines grew out of time-sharing, as notably implemented in the Compatible Time-Sharing System (CTSS). Time-sharing allowed multiple users to use a computer concurrently: each program appeared to have full access to the machine, but only one program was executed at the time, with the system switching between programs in time slices, saving and restoring state each time. This evolved into virtual machines, notably via IBM's research systems: the M44/44X, which used partial virtualization, and the CP-40 and SIMMON, which used full virtualization, and were early examples of hypervisors. The first widely available virtual machine architecture was the CP-67/CMS (see History of CP/CMS for details). An important distinction was between using multiple virtual machines on one host system for time-sharing, as in M44/44X and CP-40, and using one virtual machine on a host system for prototyping, as in SIMMON. Emulators, with hardware emulation of earlier systems for compatibility, date back to the IBM System/360 in 1963, while the software emulation (then-called "simulation") predates it.
Process virtual machines arose originally as abstract platforms for an intermediate language used as the intermediate representation of a program by a compiler; early examples date to around 1966. An early 1966 example was the O-code machine, a virtual machine that executes O-code (object code) emitted by the front end of the BCPL compiler. This abstraction allowed the compiler to be easily ported to a new architecture by implementing a new back end that took the existing O-code and compiled it to machine code for the underlying physical machine. The Euler language used a similar design, with the intermediate language named P (portable). This was popularized around 1970 by Pascal, notably in the Pascal-P system (1973) and Pascal-S compiler (1975), in which it was termed p-code and the resulting machine as a p-code machine. This has been influential, and virtual machines in this sense have been often generally called p-code machines. In addition to being an intermediate language, Pascal p-code was also executed directly by an interpreter implementing the virtual machine, notably in UCSD Pascal (1978); this influenced later interpreters, notably the Java virtual machine (JVM). Another early example was SNOBOL4 (1967), which was written in the SNOBOL Implementation Language (SIL), an assembly language for a virtual machine, which was then targeted to physical machines by transpiling to their native assembler via a macro assembler. Macros have since fallen out of favor, however, so this approach has been less influential. Process virtual machines were a popular approach to implementing early microcomputer software, including Tiny BASIC and adventure games, from one-off implementations such as Pyramid 2000 to a general-purpose engine like Infocom's z-machine, which Graham Nelson argues is "possibly the most portable virtual machine ever created".
Significant advances occurred in the implementation of Smalltalk-80,
particularly the Deutsch/Schiffmann implementation
which pushed just-in-time (JIT) compilation forward as an implementation approach that uses process virtual machine.
Later notable Smalltalk VMs were VisualWorks, the Squeak Virtual Machine,
and Strongtalk.
A related language that produced a lot of virtual machine innovation was the Self programming language, which pioneered adaptive optimization and generational garbage collection. These techniques proved commercially successful in 1999 in the HotSpot Java virtual machine.
Other innovations include having a register-based virtual machine, to better match the underlying hardware, rather than a stack-based virtual machine, which is a closer match for the programming language; in 1995, this was pioneered by the Dis virtual machine for the Limbo language. OpenJ9 is an alternative for HotSpot JVM in OpenJDK and is an open source eclipse project claiming better startup and less resource consumption compared to HotSpot.
Full virtualization
In full virtualization, the virtual machine simulates enough hardware to allow an unmodified "guest" OS (one designed for the same instruction set) to be run in isolation. This approach was pioneered in 1966 with the IBM CP-40 and CP-67, predecessors of the VM family.
Examples outside the mainframe field include Parallels Workstation, Parallels Desktop for Mac, VirtualBox, Virtual Iron, Oracle VM, Virtual PC, Virtual Server, Hyper-V, VMware Workstation, VMware Server (discontinued, formerly called GSX Server), VMware ESXi, QEMU, Adeos, Mac-on-Linux, Win4BSD, Win4Lin Pro, and Egenera vBlade technology.
Hardware-assisted virtualization
In hardware-assisted virtualization, the hardware provides architectural support that facilitates building a virtual machine monitor and allows guest OSes to be run in isolation.
Hardware-assisted virtualization was first introduced on the IBM System/370 in 1972, for use with VM/370, the first virtual machine operating system offered by IBM as an official product.
In 2005 and 2006, Intel and AMD provided additional hardware to support virtualization. Sun Microsystems (now Oracle Corporation) added similar features in their UltraSPARC T-Series processors in 2005. Examples of virtualization platforms adapted to such hardware include KVM, VMware Workstation, VMware Fusion, Hyper-V, Windows Virtual PC, Xen, Parallels Desktop for Mac, Oracle VM Server for SPARC, VirtualBox and Parallels Workstation.
In 2006, first-generation 32- and 64-bit x86 hardware support was found to rarely offer performance advantages over software virtualization.
Operating-system-level virtualization
In operating-system-level virtualization, a physical server is virtualized at the operating system level, enabling multiple isolated and secure virtualized servers to run on a single physical server. The "guest" operating system environments share the same running instance of the operating system as the host system. Thus, the same operating system kernel is also used to implement the "guest" environments, and applications running in a given "guest" environment view it as a stand-alone system. The pioneer implementation was FreeBSD jails; other examples include Docker, Solaris Containers, OpenVZ, Linux-VServer, LXC, AIX Workload Partitions, Parallels Virtuozzo Containers, and iCore Virtual Accounts.
See also
Amazon Machine Image
Desktop virtualization
Linux containers
Native development kit
Paravirtualization
Storage hypervisor
Universal Turing machine
Virtual appliance
Virtual backup appliance
Virtual disk image
Virtual DOS machine (VDM)
Virtual machine escape
References
Further reading
James E. Smith, Ravi Nair, Virtual Machines: Versatile Platforms For Systems And Processes, Morgan Kaufmann, May 2005, , 656 pages (covers both process and system virtual machines)
Craig, Iain D. Virtual Machines. Springer, 2006, , 269 pages (covers only process virtual machines)
External links
Sandia National Laboratories Runs 1 Million Linux Kernels as Virtual Machines
The design of the Inferno virtual machine by Phil Winterbottom and Rob Pike
Operating system technology
Programming language implementation
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Floreffe. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Floreffe
Spencer Martin is an Australian championship-winning racing driver. Martin's short career was highlighted by two Australian Drivers' Championship victories in 1966 and 1967, racing for Bob Jane Racing.
Racing career
After spectating at the Mount Druitt circuit in the late 1950s Martin entered his first motor race in 1960 in a self-built car at Gnoo Blas circuit. A mechanic by trade, Martin moved through the ranks through his contacts in the trade, racing a PRAD sports car and a successful Holden touring car.
Martin's break came when he defeated Norm Beechey in a touring car race. Beechey's entrant, David McKay offered Martin a drive with McKay's Scuderia Veloce team at the 1963 Armstrong 500 co-driving with Brian Muir. He achieved a class victory in the 1964 Armstrong 500, sharing a Vauxhall Viva with Bill Brown.
Martin became a part of Scuderia Veloce as a mechanic and driver, acting as lead mechanic when the team brought in international drivers for the Tasman Series. He raced the team's Repco Brabham BT11A as well as a Ferrari 250LM sports car, winning the 1965 Six Hour Le Mans with McKay in the Ferrari. Martin also placed third in the Italian car in the Australian Tourist Trophy in both 1965 and 1966. He left the team in mid-1966 after a top-ten championship finish in the 1966 Tasman Series and found employment with Bob Jane's team. Martin drove Jane's Brabham BT11 to victory in the 1966 and 1967 Australian Drivers' Championships. Martin retired at his peak after the 1967 season to begin a family, although he returned sporadically for Touring Car endurance races including the 1969 Datsun Three Hour, in which he drove for the Holden Dealer Team.
In 1979 Martin returned to Scuderia Veloce, racing a Volvo 242 GT touring car at the Bathurst 1000. This led to historic sports car racing overseas, becoming a fixture in the 1980s and 1990s in Europe and North America. Martin made a return to Bathurst in 1993, co-driving with his son Matthew in a Bob Holden-entered Toyota Corolla in the Tooheys 1000. Martin continues to race historics.
Results
References
Living people
1940 births
Tasman Series drivers
Racing drivers from Sydney
Richard Donald Dietz (born February 1, 1977) is a judge on the North Carolina Court of Appeals. He was appointed by North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory to fill the vacant seat created by the elevation of Robert N. Hunter, Jr. to the North Carolina Supreme Court.
Background and personal life
Dietz grew up in a small Pennsylvania Dutch family with roots in the mountains of north central Pennsylvania. He is a Lutheran. He comes from a family of railroad and telephone workers and was the first in his family to attend college.
Dietz is married to Kelley Dietz, a Roanoke, Virginia native. The couple were married in Wait Chapel on the campus of Wake Forest University. They now live in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Education
Dietz earned his bachelor's degree in business from Shippensburg University in 1999, graduating summa cum laude and serving as president of the University Honors Program. He then graduated first in his class from Wake Forest University School of Law in 2002 and served as research editor of the Wake Forest Law Review. Dietz attended both Wake Forest Law School and Shippensburg University on full academic scholarships.
After law school, Dietz was a law clerk for Judge Samuel G. Wilson on the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Virginia (2002-03) and Judge H. Emory Widener, Jr. on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit (2003-04).
Following his clerkships, Dietz served as a research fellow at Kyushu University in Japan from 2004 to 2006, where he studied comparative and international law issues including the Hague Service Convention and the global implications of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Professional career
Dietz began his private law practice in 2006 as an associate at Covington & Burling, a large law firm in Washington, D.C. After two years in Washington, Dietz returned to Winston-Salem, North Carolina and became a partner at Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton, a 650-lawyer international law firm with its roots in North Carolina.
Dietz handled a number of high-profile appeals in private practice. He argued in the U.S. Supreme Court in Abramski v. United States, 134 S.Ct. 2259 (2014), a prominent gun law case that addressed the scope of the straw man purchaser doctrine. Dietz also represented a class of hundreds of thousands of Native American in several appeals in the Cobell v. Salazar (1996) litigation involving the U.S. government's mismanagement of Indian trust money.
Dietz previously served as Vice Chair of the North Carolina Bar Association's Appellate Practice Section and currently serves on the Appellate Section Council and the Appellate Rules Committee. In 2013, he was appointed to a four-year term on the North Carolina Courts Commission, a group of judges, lawyers, legislators, and private citizens who study and recommend changes to the court system. He is a permanent member of the Fourth Circuit Judicial Conference and a member of the Appellate Judges Conference of the American Bar Association. He is also a member of the Chief Justice Joseph Branch chapter of the American Inns of Court.
Dietz is a North Carolina board certified specialist in Appellate Practice. He is one of only two appellate specialists on the 15-member North Carolina Court of Appeals and one of only 27 board certified specialists in North Carolina.
Awards and honors
Dietz was named one of "40 Leaders Under Forty" by the Triad Business Journal in 2014.
Dietz was listed in the 2012, 2013, and 2014 editions of North Carolina Super Lawyers magazine as a "Rising Star" in the area of Appellate Law.
Dietz received the Outstanding Young Alumnus Award from Shippensburg University in 2014.
References
External links
Official Court Biography
1977 births
21st-century American judges
Kyushu University alumni
Living people
North Carolina Court of Appeals judges
North Carolina Republicans
Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania alumni
Wake Forest University alumni
Byrd's (officially Byrd's Food Stores) was a supermarket chain based in Burlington, North Carolina. It was a family owned and operated company by the Byrd family of Burlington.
Operating mainly in the Piedmont and Coastal Plain of North Carolina and Southside Virginia, the chain was sold and became Lowes Foods in 1997 after establishing 43 stores.
Defunct supermarkets of the United States
Companies based in North Carolina
Defunct companies based in North Carolina
Pleuranthodium schlechteri is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Karl Moritz Schumann, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Pleuranthodium schlechteri is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
schlechteri
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
Kessleria diabolica is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in central Spain.
The length of the forewings is 6.3 mm. The forewings are whitish with brown scales. The hindwings are dark grey. Adults have been recorded in July.
References
Moths described in 1992
Yponomeutidae
Sujatha Vidyalaya is a girls' school in Sri Lanka. Located in the Matara District - Sri Lanka's southernmost district.
The school was established as a private Buddhist school by the Matara Buddhists' Society in 1929.
Sujatha Vidyalaya is one of the oldest Buddhists' schools in Sri Lanka. Sujatha Vidyalaya is now run by the Government of Sri Lanka, and is a National School. Sujatha Vidyalaya was a school of the first group of schools to be converted as a National School.
Sujatha Vidyalaya has two sections - primary and secondary. Sujatha Vidyalaya Primary serves students from Grade 1 to Grade 5 and Sujatha Vidyalaya serves students from Grade 6 to Grade 13.
Founding
In Matara at the beginning of the 20th century, there was a large population of Buddhists, and English education was the fashion. The Matara Buddhist Society took a main role in providing that English education. The energetic co-Secretary of the society, Mr. Vilmot P. Wijethunga, proposed the necessity of an English education institute as a thought. As a result, Dr. V.D. Gunarathna had taken a main role to establishing that proposal.C.A. Ariyathilake, second son of Matara's leading businessman C.A. Odiris de Silva, donated the present land to the establishment of the school to the government..
On 1929 May full moon Poya day, the school was inaugurated with Mr. V..D. Gunarathna, who was the president of the Matara Buddhist Society, as the director.
At the start Sujatha Vidyalaya was a mere sapling of a school when compared to what it has grown to today. In the 70 years since its inception, it has become one of the leading girls schools in the south of the country.
Early years
Prior to the school shifting to its present site, it was located on a piece of flat coconut plantation at the junctions bordered by the Hakmana Road leading to Veragampita, which is now occupied by the Department of Agriculture. This land belonged to a to Dr. Gunarathna, president of Matara Buddhist society.
The old building contained the school office, the 3 upper school classes, a small hall, a hostel for the senior girls, and another hostel for the juniors. There were two other semi-permanent structures, which housed the primary section. They had cemented floors, walls made of planks and roofs thatched with cadjan.
Unlike today, boys under 10 years were admitted to the school and were allowed to remain at this school only till they were 10 years old. At the beginning, there were 36 students and the teaching staff consisted of 4. All the students and teachers were Buddhist.
The society introduced Mrs. A.E. Mathives who came from India as the principal of the school. The girls who wore a white uniform with a blue and gold tie pinned at the collar and the boys wore shorts of navy blue and white shirts. White shoes also belonged to the accouterments for the children of this well integrated small school society.
The medium of instructions was English as was the fashion till 1945 when all schools had to start to revert to the vernaculars. The class texts were imported from England. "Reading and Thinking" was the reader that was used in the Primary section. Sinhala language was also taught as a subject. In addition to the standard curriculum there was much time devoted to music, dancing and drama. Almost every term ending was marked by a concert, one of which was of so high standard that it was staged at the Broadway Theater.
The school was conducted in two sessions unlike now, with a lunch break of 45 minutes. The sanitary conditions of the school were excellent. As there was no water on tap, a broad well at the back was created for washing purposes.
In 1930, Doreen Young, who was later to marry Communist leader SA Wickremasinghe, became Principal. She was responsible for young women from Buddhist Theosophical schools joining the anti-Imperialist and socialist movements.
Expansion
In 1936, the number of students had increased and therefore the usages of physical properties also were increased. The land and old house, which situated in Gabadaweediya, was converted into a school. It was steadily increased from class to class upward from the lowest.
After the death of Dr. Gunarwardana, the school experienced a difficult period to school as the stability of the society was breaking down with the onset of World War II. However, it was great blessing to the school as Mr. Ariyarathna accepted the managerial post and he made all arrangements to pay salaries for the school teachers from his own money.
Other members of the Buddhist Society and the authors who took main role to continue the school include
E. T. Gunawardana
W. P. Vijethunga
M. D. T. Kulathilaka
D. N. J. Weerasooriya
T. F. D. Abegunawardhana
C. A. Ariyarathna
W. P. A. Wickramasinghe
Jorge Weerathunga
A. Dayarathna
In 1958 Sujatha Vidyalaya was converted into a government school. Sujatha Vidyalaya was the first Buddhists' girls' school in Matara, has about 5000 students, 188 academic staff, and 35 non-academic staff
Houses
Gothami - red
Visakha- blue
Yashodara - green
Janaki - purple
Affiliated institutions
Sujatha Dhamma School
Sujatha dhamma School was started in 1995 according to an idea of our early principal Mrs. R.Gunawikcrema. Her main purpose was to give an opportunity of gaining Dhamma School facilities to students who stayed in the school hostel. There are about 300 students and 14 in the staff. Hon. Godawela Pamarathana thera works as the principal of Sujatha Dhamma School.
Sujatha Primary
Sujatha Primary is located in Welegoda. It was established in 1991, at the place where the "Sudarshana Model School" was. There are classes from grade 1 to grade 5 and about 1500 students with 42 teachers. The principal of Sujatha Primary is Mr. Samarasinghe.
Past principals
Notable alumni
{sortname|Sajana|Wanigasuriya}}
|Actress
See also
Rahula College
Education in Sri Lanka
References
External links
Sujatha Vidyalaya Official Web Site
Educational institutions established in 1929
National schools in Sri Lanka
Buddhist schools in Sri Lanka
Schools in Matara, Sri Lanka
Girls' schools in Sri Lanka
1929 establishments in Ceylon
The pink robin (Petroica rodinogaster) is a small passerine bird native to southeastern Australia. Its natural habitats are cool temperate forests of far southeastern Australia. Like many brightly coloured robins of the family Petroicidae, it is sexually dimorphic. Measuring 13.5 cm (5.3 in) in length, the robin has a small, thin, black bill, and dark brown eyes and legs. The male has a distinctive white forehead spot and pink breast, with grey-black upperparts, wings and tail. The belly is white. The female has grey-brown plumage. The position of the pink robin and its Australian relatives on the passerine family tree is unclear; the Petroicidae are not closely related to either the European or American robins, but appear to be an early offshoot of the Passerida group of songbirds.
Taxonomy
Described by Belgian naturalist Auguste Drapiez in 1819, the pink robin is a member of the Australasian robin family Petroicidae. Sibley and Ahlquist's DNA-DNA hybridisation studies placed this group in a Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines, including pardalotes, fairy-wrens, honeyeaters, and crows. However, subsequent molecular research (and current consensus) places the robins as a very early offshoot of the Passerida (or "advanced" songbirds) within the songbird lineage. Testing of the nuclear and mitochondrial DNA of Australian members of the genus Petroica suggests that the pink and rose robins are each other's closest relative within the genus.
The generic name Petroica derives from the Ancient Greek petros 'stone' and oikos 'house'. The specific name rodinogaster derives from the Ancient Greek rhodinos 'pink' and gaster 'belly'.
Description
The pink robin is 13.5 cm (5.5 in) long and displays sexual dimorphism – the males and females have plumage which differ markedly. The male has a dark blackish-grey head, throat, back, wings and tail, a pink breast and belly fading to white on the lower abdomen, and a white forehead. The female is dark grey-brown above, with two buff-coloured wing-bars and pinkish-tinged underparts. The bill and feet are black, and the eyes are dark brown.
Distribution and habitat
Its range is the forests of southern Victoria and neighbouring parts of South Australia and New South Wales, and Tasmania.
Breeding
Breeding occurs from September to January. The nest is a well-made, neat, deep cup of moss. Spider webs, feathers and fur are used for binding or filling, and the nest is generally placed in a tree fork up to 5 m (15 ft) above the ground. A clutch of three or four eggs is laid. The eggs, which measure 18 by 14 mm, are greyish-, greenish- or blueish-white, and are marked with dark brown and lavender splotches and spots, usually concentrated around the large end.
Feeding
Prey consists of a variety of spiders and insects, including caterpillars, ichneumon wasps, beetles, flies and ants.
References
pink robin
pink robin
Birds of Tasmania
Birds of Victoria (Australia)
Endemic birds of Australia
pink robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lola Jean Albright (July 20, 1924 – March 23, 2017) was an American singer and actress, best known for playing the sultry singer Edie Hart, the girlfriend of private eye Peter Gunn, on all three seasons of the TV series Peter Gunn.
Early years
Albright was born in Akron, Ohio, to Marion A. (née Harvey) and John Paul Albright, both of whom were gospel music singers. Lola's mother also was born in Ohio but her father was a native of North Dakota, who in 1930 supported the family by working as an inspector in a local insulating business.
Albright attended King Grammar School and graduated from West High School in Akron in 1942. She sang in public at a young age and studied piano for 20 years. Beginning when she was 15 years old, she worked after school as a receptionist at radio station WAKR in Akron. She left WAKR at the age of 18 and moved to Cleveland, taking a job as a stenographer at WTAM radio. Her first radio performance came on WJW in Cleveland. Moving to Chicago, she worked as a photographer's model and was discovered by a talent scout, which led to her moving to Hollywood at the age of 23.
Film
Albright made her motion-picture debut with a small singing role in the 1947 musical comedy The Unfinished Dance, and then appeared the following year in two Judy Garland movies: The Pirate and Easter Parade. She first gained studio and public notice in the 1949 film noir production Champion with her portrayal of the wife of a manipulative boxing manager; she falls for a prizefighter played by Kirk Douglas. For the next several years, she appeared in secondary roles in over 20 films, including several B Westerns. Among them was a co-starring role in the slapstick comedy The Good Humor Man in 1950 with future husband Jack Carson.
Some of the films in which Albright appeared were Tulsa (1949), starring Susan Hayward; The Silver Whip (1953), in which she played Dale Robertson's love interest; and The Tender Trap (1955), in which she was one of several women trying to trap a bachelor, played by Frank Sinatra, into marriage.
In the early 1950s, Albright was also a frequent model for pinup painter Gil Elvgren.
A Cold Wind in August
In 1961, she starred in Alexander Singer's A Cold Wind in Augusta low-budget, black-and-white, independent filmas a divorced burlesque show stripper in her 30s who becomes involved in a torrid romance with a 17-year-old boy. Critic Pauline Kael offered high praise for Albright's performance. In 1985, The New York Times also lauded Albright's acting in the film. With respect to her personal assessment of her role in A Cold Wind in August, Albright said in 1961, "Some people come up to me and say, 'Lola, you shouldn't play that kind of part. It isn't you.' Well, I count to 10, bite my tongue, and then tell them that I'm an actress: I don't want to play myself."
Later films
Her performance in A Cold Wind in August gave fresh impetus to her film career, leading to roles in Elvis Presley's musical Kid Galahad in 1962, in which she played the hard-boiled, long-time girlfriend of a cynical boxing manager played by Gig Young, and in French director René Clément's Joy House as a wealthy widow with a passion for handing out meals to the poor (albeit with an ulterior motive). In Lord Love a Duck (1966) she portrayed a cocktail waitress who turns suicidal when she thinks she has ruined her daughter Tuesday Weld's life. The next year, she was in the Western epic The Way West.
She gave up her feature-film career in 1968 after completing her work in The Impossible Years, a generation-gap farce in which she performed as Alice Kingsley, the despairing wife of a professor of psychiatry played by David Niven and the mother of two teenaged daughters.
Television
Unlike other film actors who were slow to begin acting in television, Albright was actively working in the medium from 1951. She appeared on the anthology series Lux Video Theatre in the episode "Inside Story". Later she had a recurring role on The Bob Cummings Show in the 1950s, and made guest appearances on television series such as Alfred Hitchcock Presents, The Thin Man, Gunsmoke, Rawhide, Laredo, Burke's Law, The Dick Van Dyke Show, My Three Sons, The Beverly Hillbillies, Bonanza (two episodes), The Man from U.N.C.L.E., Medical Center, Kojak, Columbo, McMillan & Wife, Quincy, M.E., Starsky & Hutch, The Incredible Hulk, and Branded.
In 1958, Albright was cast in Peter Gunn, the television detective series produced by Blake Edwards and scored by Henry Mancini. She played sultry Edie Hart, a nightclub singer and the romantic interest of Peter Gunn (Craig Stevens). "She was perfect casting for that role because she had an off-the-cuff kind of jazz delivery that was very hard to find," Mancini said in 1992. "Just enough to believe that she'd be singing in that club and that she shouldn't be on Broadway or doing movies." Over the course of 114 episodes produced for Peter Gunn, Albright sang in 38 of them, covering jazz classics such as "How High the Moon", "A Good Man Is Hard to Find", "Easy Street", and "Day In, Day Out".
When actress Dorothy Malone had to undergo emergency surgery, Albright filled in for her as the character Constance MacKenzie on the primetime soap opera Peyton Place. At the time, Albright called the role "one of the biggest challenges of my theatrical career." She continued to perform in films and to make guest appearances on television until her retirement in 1984.
Music
Columbia Records signed Albright as a vocalist, leading to the release of her album Lola Wants You in 1957. Albright's subsequent role on Peter Gunn and her performances singing on that series led directly to her second album, Dreamsville (1959), which was arranged by Henry Mancini and featured his orchestra. Albright is one of the few nonmovie-soundtrack singers for whom Mancini arranged.
Recognition
In 1959, Albright was nominated for the Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress (Continuing Character) in a Dramatic Series for her work on Peter Gunn. In 1966, she won the Silver Bear for Best Actress award at the 16th Berlin International Film Festival for her role in Lord Love a Duck.
Personal life
Albright married and divorced three times. Her first marriage, to Cleveland radio announcer Warren Dean, occurred in 1944. They divorced in 1949. From 1951 to 1958, her second husband was actor Jack Carson, who had been her co-star in The Good Humor Man (1950). (Another source says that they married August 1, 1952, and divorced November 10, 1958.) Her third marriage was to Bill Chadney, who played Emmett, the piano player on Peter Gunn. They married on May 19, 1961, and divorced in 1975.
Following her retirement from acting, Albright spent her remaining years living in Toluca Lake, California. In 2014, she fell and fractured her spine, an injury that contributed to a general decline in her health over the next three years.
On March 23, 2017, Albright died at her home of natural causes at the age of 92.
Filmography
Short subjects:
The Soundman (1950)
Screen Snapshots: Hollywood Cowboy Stars (1955)
Filmmaking on the Riviera (1964)
References
External links
Profile with 1924 year of birth, familysearch.org; accessed November 25, 2014.
Lola Albright, Aveleyman.com; accessed September 2, 2017.
1924 births
2017 deaths
20th-century American actresses
Actresses from Akron, Ohio
Actresses from Hollywood, Los Angeles
American women singers
American film actresses
American television actresses
Silver Bear for Best Actress winners
Singers from Ohio
Western (genre) film actresses
21st-century American women
Jorge "Tote" Castañeda Reyes (born 12 January 1970) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a midfielder during his career. He was the captain of the Mexico national football team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Club career
In 1987, when he was eighteen, Castañeda signed with Club Atlas. He remained with Atlas until 1996. On 13 March 1997, Castañeda signed with the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer. He returned to Mexico and finished his career with Cruz Azul, Cruz Azul Hidalgo, Tecos de UAG, Tigrillos and Lobos de la BUAP.
Castañeda managed Atlas on an interim basis following Rubén Omar Romano's departure in September 2007.
Personal life
Castañeda's brother, Guadalupe, was also a professional footballer.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Footballers from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Association football midfielders
Mexican footballers
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Atlas F.C. footballers
Colorado Rapids players
Cruz Azul footballers
Tecos F.C. footballers
Major League Soccer players
Mexican expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Mexican expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Mexican football managers
Atlas F.C. managers
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Pan American Games silver medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1991 Pan American Games
BMQ may refer to:
Basic Military Qualification, the recruit training that is undergone to produce non-commissioned members of the Canadian Forces
The FAA Location Identifier for Burnet Municipal Airport
British Museum Quarterly, a scholarly journal
Helsingør City Museum (Danish: Helsingør Bymuseum) is a local history museum in Helsingørm Denmark. The 16th-century building in which it is based is known as the Cammelite House (Danish: Kammelitterhuset) although the Carmelite brothers from the adjacent Priory of Our Lady have in fact only built a minor part of the build.
History
On 11 July 1516, Granted the brothers at Helsingør's Carmelite Priory permission to build a hospital for "poor, sick foreign seamen for rest and something, help and comfort". The building, located on present day Hestemøllestræde to the south of the priory's chapel, was 25 and contained 8–M10 beds. After the dissolution of the priory in 1536 during the Reformation, the Carmelites were turned out. The hospital was sold to Asgud Mikkelsen who constructed a horse mill at the site. Herluff Trolle, who had become Seignor of Krogen in 1544, acquired the property in 1550. He extended the one-storey hospital building westwards withy a two-storey townhouse. It is likely that Trolle intended to expand the house further but he left Helsingør when he was appointed to Seignor of Copenhagen Castle in 1561. The house in Helsingør was instead granted by Herluff and Birgitte Trolle to the city's grammar school.
In 1686, the king granted the mayor and city council permission to sell the building to a member of the donators' family to raise money for the school. In 1598, it was sold to Peder Brahe, whose wife, Margrethe Gøye, was a niece of Birgitte Gøye. They expanded the house with the west wing on Sankt Anna Gade in 1592. The city acquired the Brahe House as it was then known in 1630 and turned it into its new poorhouse. In 1632, the old hospital building was expanded to the same height as Trolle's house. The poorhouse was later expanded with a half-timbered north and west wing, turning it into a four-winged complex with a central courtyard. In 1761, 71 people lived in the building and by 1845 the number had increased to 96. The south wing as from 1805 until 1841 used as a school for the poor with up to 120 pupils. The poorhouse was decommissioned in 1902. Helsingør City Museum took over the building in 1973. It had previously been based in Marienlyst Castle.
Exhibition
The museum contains a large model of Helsingør as it appeared in 1801. The museum also contains various exhibitions about the city's history and paintings with local provenance. The museum is also notable for its well-preserved Renaissance Hall on the first floor.
Affiliations
Helsingør City Museum is now part of Helsingør Kommunes Museer (Helsingør Municipal Museums) which also comprises three other museums in Helsingør:
Skibsklarerergaarden is a historic house museum from the 1780s which is dedicated to Helsingør's role in Denmark's collection of Sound Dues from all ships that passed through the Øresund.
The museum at Flynderupgård, a former country estate in Espergærde whose current main building dates from 1920, is dedicated to the rural history of the area as well as the history of the old fishing communities on the coast to the south and north of Helsingør. Various old Danish breeds of farm animals, such as Danish Red cattle and Dansk Landrace pigs, are also kept on the farm which is also cultivated with traditional crops.
The Dockyard Museum (Værftsmuseet) is based at Kulturværftet at is dedication to the 100-year history of Helsingør Dockyard which for many years was Helsing'rs the largest employer.
References
External links
Official website
City museums
Museums in Denmark
Listed buildings and structures in Helsingør Municipality
Buildings and structures in Denmark associated with the Trolle family
The Luciano Rossetti Mausoleum is a mausoleum in the Australian state of Victoria located at the Springvale Botanical Cemetery in the Melbourne suburb of Springvale. It was designed by architect Philip Harmer and constructed by Gavin Constructions in 2003. It provides 1398 burial spaces for the Italian community.
Plan
The mausoleum consists of five angled galleries that are positioned around an open courtyard and two reflection pools. The five galleries are St. Anthony, Our Lady, Holy Trinity, Sacred Heart and the Archangel Gabriel. Each gallery is separated by different types of stone and ceiling finishes adorned with handcrafted religious mosaics to offer choice for buyers. The blue stone pavement of the gallery, ceramic mosaics and the distinct palette of material finishes elude a welcoming and comfortable presence to visitors.
Precast concrete panels engineered by Gutterridge Haskins & Davey, were specially shaped into “wings” to form the external colonnades of the mausoleum to provide maximum lighting and exposure to prevailing winds. The series of semi-enclosed galleries due to cut-out profiles also provides views to the interstitial gardens and water features for all galleries. Subsequently, a play of light and shadow is formed across the interior spaces from the cut-outs, inviting contemplation to visitors.
The mausoleum houses a total of 1398 casket spaces that are distributed throughout three different types of rooms – single, pair and family rooms. Crypts adorned with Italian marble are positioned next to the sea of coloured glass windows to allow the caskets to bathe under coloured lights throughout different times of the day. Families that desire to be buried together are able to go for an individual room with a burial space of up to 10 family members in one particular section. Furthermore, statues, mementoes and special keepsakes are displayed in the lockable, glass fronted personal memory showcases.
Key influences and design approach
The brief given to Harmer Architects was to create a new 1400-crypt mausoleum at the Springvale Botanical Cemetery in Melbourne, Australia. The mausoleum would be the second major community mausoleum to be located within the cemetery.
Rather than following the tradition of an Australian style of cemetery architecture, architect Philip Harmer decided to break convention by incorporating a more contemporary approach to cemetery architecture. He started investigating contemporary mausoleum designs and it bore undesirable results, with the exception of a particular one in Spain by Enrique Miralles.
The critical aspect to this project, according to Harmer, was the orientation of the spaces. By re-defining what a mausoleum should be, Harmer stressed that the mausoleum should not be totally enclosed, but otherwise, it should be partially opened to the landscape elements and water features. In conjunction with the semi-enclosed idea, Harmer also intended to distinguish the five galleries from one another. By opting for a more durable and monumental material - standard precast concrete, Harmer successfully portrayed a dramatic monumentality of the building form and defined the spaces within the structure effectively. The advantages of precast concrete panels also allow Harmer to experiment with different shapes, colours and finishes to produce an individual statement for each gallery in the mausoleum.
Harmer said although the mausoleum is intended to break the tradition, it does possess a strong link to past. The juxtaposition between the definitive monumental character of the adjacent neoclassical edifice and the irregularly aligned intersecting linear spaces that has no beginning nor end successfully creates a more comforting environment in which to grieve.
Awards
The mausoleum won the Institutional Architecture 2006 RAIA Victorian Architecture Awards.
The mausoleum was judged the national winner of the 2007 Cement Concrete and Aggregates Australia Public Domain Awards based on its breakthrough in Australian cemetery architecture.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120117055955/http://sbc.smct.org.au/mausolea/family-rooms/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120807191905/http://sbc.smct.org.au/mausolea/the-luciano-rossetti-mausoleum/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120319232733/http://www.architecture.com.au/awards_search?option=showaward&entryno=20063080.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20130410164344/http://harmer.com.au/project/luciano-rossetti-mausoleum
https://archive.today/20120909065040/http://www.infolink.com.au/c/Cement-Concrete-and-Aggregates-Australia/Melbourne-mausoleum-takes-top-prize-in-2007-Public-Domain-Awards-n745643
https://web.archive.org/web/20120317194507/http://www.sg2.com.au/projects/springvale_mausoleum.html
Mausoleums in Australia
Buildings and structures in Melbourne
Buildings and structures completed in 2003
Matteo Olivero (born 29 July 2000) is an Italian footballer who last played for Nitra as a winger.
Club career
FC Nitra
Olivero made his Fortuna Liga debut for Nitra at pod Zoborom against Dunajská Streda on 21 November 2020. While featured in the starting-XI, he was replaced by Bonilha after a less than an hour of play, some 8 minutes after Marko Divković's decisive goal. Nitra lost the fixture 0:1.
Personal life
Olivero graduated from sport's gymnasium in Nitra and, per his communication, identifies as a Christian. In November 2021 it was revealed, that he invested in Bitcoin in 2016.
References
External links
Futbalnet profile
Fortuna Liga profile
2000 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Italian footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Italian Christians
Association football midfielders
Pafos FC players
FC Nitra players
Slovak Super Liga players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Capital punishment has been abolished in Seychelles. The country permanently abolished the death penalty by a Constitutional amendment in June 1993.
History
The last usage of the death penalty in Seychelles occurred while the nation was still under British rule. The exact date of this execution, the method used in carrying out the execution, and the person executed, are unknown. In 1966, the country abolished the death penalty for murder and other civilian crimes, still while the country was under British colonial rule. Upon gaining independence from Britain in 1976, Seychelles confirmed their choice to do away with the death penalty. At the time, however, they retained the death penalty only for treason.
In July 1982, four mercenaries in a gang of seven were sentenced to death in Seychelles for attempting to overthrow the country's government. The four men — Aubrey Brooks, a 38-year-old Zimbabwean; Jeremiah Puren, a 57-year-old South African; Roger England, a 26-year-old holding dual nationality in the United Kingdom and Zimbabwe; and Bernard Carey, a 38-year-old British national — all pleaded guilty to treason, the only crime punishable by death in Seychelles at the time. Their death sentences were passed in the nation's capital and largest city, Victoria. Another fifth man among the group, South African intelligence agent Martin Dolinchek, also pleaded guilty, but he received a 20-year prison sentence due to the court determining that he displayed remorse for his involvement in the attempted coup. A sixth, Robert Sims, a native of South Africa, only faced a maximum of 20 years in jail on charges of illegally importing arms into Seychelles as a part of the attempt. A seventh, a woman named Susan Ingles, had her charges dropped and was subsequently deported to South Africa. The mercenaries were a part of a gang of 53 that was led by Mad Mike Hoare, a British-South African mercenary.
Brooks, Puren, England, and Carey were never executed, and Seychelles had no gallows at the time that they sentenced the mercenaries to death; all four were released from prison in 1983. Aubrey Brooks later wrote an autobiographical account of his experiences in which he mentions spending two years in prison for his involvement in the attempted coup; he also thanks the President of Seychelles, Albert Rene, for playing a considerable role in saving his life.
Press reports indicated that at the time of abolition, the method utilized in Seychelles was hanging. Hanging tended to be the standard method of execution among nations in the British Empire.
Abolition
Prior to abolishing the death penalty, Seychellois lawmakers hesitated when it came to the question of abolishing the death penalty for certain serious non-murder crimes such as treason, other political crimes, or drug trafficking. This was a similar concern that other African countries that are now abolitionist dealt with as well, including São Tomé and Principe, Ivory Coast, and Mauritius. The debates within these countries all resulted in them abolishing the death penalty for all crimes, including those political and drug-related crimes. All of the countries that had these debates were countries that had spent a considerable amount of time not carrying out any executions prior to the abolition of the death penalty.
On 18 June 1993, the Constitution of the Republic of Seychelles was ratified. Article 15, Section 2 explicitly abolished the death penalty for all crimes, including both civilian and wartime crimes. Seychelles's abolition of the death penalty is also reflected in Section 194 of the country's penal code.
Modern criminal justice measures
Seychelles is a signatory to the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights is a multilateral treaty adopted by the United Nations; the Second Optional Protocol commits signatories to permanently prohibiting the death penalty within their borders.
Criminals who commit serious crimes in Seychelles are now subjected to life imprisonment as the maximum sentence possible under Seychellois law.
References
Seychelles
Law of Seychelles
Human rights abuses in Seychelles
The Bytesaver, introduced by Cromemco in 1976, was the first programmable memory board for the MITS Altair and S-100 bus microcomputer systems. The Bytesaver had sockets for 8 UV-erasable EPROMs providing up to 8 Kbytes of storage. The EPROMs could be programmed by the Bytesaver, or read as computer memory. In the history of microcomputer systems, the Bytesaver was the first viable alternative to the use of punched paper tape for storing programs, and has been called “a great advance in microcomputer technology”.
Background
The Altair 8800, which began the personal computer revolution, was introduced in January 1975 with no hardware or software support for floppy disk or hard disk storage. When Paul Allen travelled to the MITS factory in Albuquerque, New Mexico to demonstrate what would become Microsoft BASIC, he brought with him a punched paper tape of the code that he and Bill Gates had developed. According to Allen, the 7168 byte program took 7 minutes to load from a Teletype Model 33 paper tape reader.
To reduce the time required to load software, and to support a more convenient storage medium than paper tape, Cromemco developed the first programmable solid-state storage system for the Altair microcomputer. Cromemco called it the "Bytesaver" and introduced it in the February 1976 issue of Byte magazine. With the Bytesaver the time to load Microsoft 8K Basic was reduced from 7 minutes to less than one second.
Technology
The Bytesaver used solid-state UV erasable EPROMS that provided up to 8K bytes of program or data storage. The original Bytesaver could support either the type 2704 or 2708 EPROM. The Bytesaver came with one 2704 EPROM containing a program called “Bytemover” to facilitate EPROM programming. The EPROMS to be programmed were selected from the front panel switches of the Altair computer.
A switch on the Bytesaver card was used to turn on or off the EPROM programming voltage. With this switch off there was no chance for accidental programming of the memory. Once programmed the information was retained in the EPROMS, but the memory chips could be erased by removing them from the Bytesaver and placing them under an ultraviolet light.
Cromemco also offered a 3K Control Basic interpreter, developed by Li-Chen Wang. This very compact Basic was supplied on three 2708 EPROMS that could plug into the Bytesaver.
Product family
The original Bytesaver, introduced in 1976, was called the 8K Bytesaver since it could store up to 8K bytes of information using eight 2708 EPROMS. One limitation of early S-100 bus microcomputer systems was the 64 Kbyte address space. Cromemco introduced the concept of bank-switching to the S-100 bus which allowed memory to be place in one of 8 banks of 64 Kbytes, thus expanding the effective address space to 512 Kbytes. The Bytesaver II succeeded the 8K Bytesaver in 1978, and supported memory bank switching.
For applications that required a ROM memory card, but did not require the ability to program the EPROMS, Cromemco also introduced a 16K ROM card. This card was named the 16KPR and was introduced in 1977.
When the 2716 EPROM was introduced, with twice the storage capacity of the 2708, Cromemco designed the 32K Bytesaver to support that chip. Unlike earlier Bytesavers that had 8 EPROM sockets, the 32K Bytesaver had 16 sockets to provide up to 32K bytes of programmable memory.
References
External links
Cromemco 8K Bytesaver Instruction Manual
Cromemco Bytesaver II Instruction Manual
Cromemco 32K Bytesaver Instruction Manual
Cromemco 16KPR Instruction Manual
Cromemco Bytemover Instruction Manual
Bytesaver
History of computing hardware
Tetiana Zakharova-Nadyrova (born 29 January 1951) is a Ukrainian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1951 births
Living people
Ukrainian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Kevin Fennelly (born 7 April 1955) is an Irish former hurling manager and former player who played for his local club Ballyhale Shamrocks and at senior level for the Kilkenny county hurling team from the late 1970s until the late 1980s. Fennelly later served as Kilkenny senior hurling manager for the 1998 season, and Dublin manager for the 2001 and 2002 seasons. He lives in Gowran and writes a hurling column in the Sunday World newspaper.
Early life
Kevin Fennelly was born in Piltown, County Kilkenny in 1955. At the age of six his family moved to Ballyhale where his father had bought a farm. From an early age Fennelly and his six brothers – Michael, Ger, Brendan, Liam, Seán and Dermot – all took a great interest in the game of hurling. It was at Ballyhale national school that they first played the game and, in time, all the Fennelly boys would go on to play for club and county.
He is an uncle of the famous Kilkenny hurlers, Michael Fennelly and Colin Fennelly.
Playing career
Club
In his youth Fennelly quickly became a member of the newly formed Ballyhale Shamrocks club, a club which is father helped to found. He had much success with the club, beginning by winning several minor and under-21 county titles with the club. In 1978 Fennelly was a key member of the senior team when Ballyhale won their first county title. This was later converted into a Leinster club title, however, Ballyhale were narrowly beaten by Blackrock in the All-Ireland final.
Fennelly added two further county medals to his collection in 1979 and 1980. In the latter year he won a second Leinster title before finally winning his first All-Ireland club title at the beginning of 1981. In 1982 and 1983 he won another brace of county championship medals. The 1983 win was once again converted into a Leinster title as well as a second All-Ireland club title at the start of 1984. Fennelly brought his county championship tally up to eight with wins in 1985, 1988 and 1989. In 1989 he also won his fourth Leinster club medal before converting this into his third All-Ireland club title. On the occasion of the final all seven Fennelly brothers lined out for Ballyhale, a record which will probably never be beaten. Fennelly won his ninth county medal with Ballyhale in 1991.
Inter-county
Fennelly's hurling skills were quickly noted and he joined the Kilkenny minor hurling panel in the early 1970s. It was a glorious era for the county's minor hurling team as they dominated the minor provincial championship for the entire decade. He won a Leinster title in this grade in 1971, however, Kilkenny were beaten in the All-Ireland final by Cork. Fennelly won a second provincial title in 1972, however, ‘the Cats' gained revenge on Cork in the championship decider and Fennelly collected an All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship medal. He quickly joined the Kilkenny under-21 team where he won back-to-back Leinster and All-Ireland titles in 1974 and 1975. Fennelly won a third provincial under-21 title in 1976, however, Kilkenny were defeated by Cork in the subsequent All-Ireland final.
Fennelly subsequently joined the Kilkenny senior hurling panel, however, he found it difficult to find a regular spot on the team. He won a Leinster title in 1979 before later coming on as a substitute to claim a senior All-Ireland medal. Fennelly won several other Leinster and All-Ireland titles throughout the 1980s but as a substitute. He finally took over as goalkeeper from Noel Skehan and won back-to-back Leinster titles on the field of play in 1986 and 1987. In the latter year his side were defeated by Galway in the All-Ireland final. In spite of this Fennelly won a National Hurling League medal in 1986. Four years later in 1990 he won a second National League medal and he retired from inter-county hurling shortly afterwards.
Managerial career
Kilkenny
In retirement from playing Fennelly maintained a keen interest in the game. In 1998 he served as manager of the Kilkenny senior hurling team. That year he guided ‘the Cats' to a first Leinster title since 1993, however, in the second year of the ‘back-door system' Offaly, the defeated Leinster finalists, later beat Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. Fennelly resigned following this defeat and was replaced by Brian Cody.
Dublin
Fennelly was appointed manager of the Dublin Senior Hurling team in November 2001 on a three-year agreement. Following an unsuccessful National League run, Dublin were knocked out of the Leinster Championship by Laois at the quarter final stage. In the 2002 Championship, Dublin overcame Meath to qualify for a Leinster semi final match against Wexford. They were beaten 3-15 to 2-12. In a qualifier match against Clare, Dublin were soundly beaten 3-22 to 1-08 to put an end to their Championship season. In November 2002, after two years as manager, Fennelly stepped down by mutual agreement.
Political career
Fennelly was elected as a Fianna Fáil member of Kilkenny County Council for the Thomastown Local Electoral Area at the 1991 local elections. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the party at the 1992 general election in the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency. He lost his Council seat in the 1999 local elections.
References
1955 births
Living people
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Ballyhale Shamrocks hurlers
Kevin
Gaelic games writers and broadcasters
Hurling goalkeepers
Irish columnists
Irish sportsperson-politicians
Kilkenny hurling managers
Kilkenny inter-county hurlers
Local councillors in County Kilkenny
"Eyes of the Beholder" is the 10th episode of season 3 of the supernatural drama television series Grimm and the 54th episode overall, which premiered on January 10, 2014, on the cable network NBC. The episode was written by Thomas Ian Griffith, and was directed by Peter Werner.
Plot
Opening quote: "I am glad 'tis night, you do not look on me, for I am much ashamed of my exchange."
Juliette's (Bitsie Tulloch) college roommate, Alicia (Alicia Lagano), leaves her abusive boyfriend, Joe (Tom Walton), and stays with Nick (David Giuntoli) and Juliette; none of them realize Joe is stalking her. While she is there, Nick realizes that Alicia is a Fuchsbau and tells Juliette. Juliette communicates to Alicia that she knows about the world of Wesen and that Alicia does not need to hide it from her, but Alicia denies knowing what Juliette is talking about.
Meanwhile, Nick and Hank (Russell Hornsby) investigate what seems to be a Wesen gang murder, with only one witness, Jared Ellis (Dalpre Grayer), who is the teenage brother of Hank's physical therapist, Zuri, (Sharon Leal). The men who murdered the gang member discuss whether they should take care of the kid who saw them, but realize that Jared's girlfriend was the waitress at the diner where the murder took place, so they decide to use her instead.
When Hank and Nick talk with the murder victim's girlfriend in the hospital, she refuses to talk with them, until she woges and realizes that Nick is a Grimm, and he tells her that he is there as a cop, but can come back as a Grimm, if she doesn't help them. She tells them that it was another gang, and Nick and Hank go to ask Monroe (Silas Weir Mitchell) about the presence of Wesen street gangs. He knows nothing of them, but Rosalee (Bree Turner) does, as she used to buy drugs from them in her “dark period.”
Nick and Hank follow a lead from a red light camera that leads them to the car of Hank's physical therapist, and they take her brother Jared into custody. When they talk to him, he is clearly terrified and refuses to talk to them, but the men stalk and grab Jared's girlfriend, Joy (Meredith Adelaide). The gang members arrive at Jared's apartment, but Zuri is on the phone with Hank and she cries for help. Zuri and Jared identify the men who came to the apartment, and are put into a safe house.
Juliette goes to talk with Rosalee about her concern that Alicia is not acknowledging what she is. Rosalee confides that Juliette doesn't realize how special she, Nick, and Hank are that they do not judge “or want to cut our heads off.” Rosalee adds that she tried to hide what she was for a long time, as she was dealing with it. The next day as Alicia tells them that she has found a new apartment, Juliette tells her that Nick is a Grimm. She freaks out and as Nick is calming her down, Joe arrives and knocks Nick out and tries to drag Alicia away. Juliette beats Joe, and when Nick comes around and re-enters the fray, Joe says “You are a Grimm; don't kill me.” To which he responds “I don't think it is me you have to worry about.” Both Nick and Juliette tell Joe that he better never try to see Alicia again.
Later, the murderers lure Jared to Joy's house, where we find out that Jared and Zuri are both Wesen, and Zuri kills the head of the Seattle gang of murderers. Hank tells Zuri he does not have a problem with her being Wesen, but she says that she does, and he leaves.
Reception
Viewers
The episode was viewed by 5.33 million people, earning a 1.3/4 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale, ranking third on its timeslot and seventh for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Bones, Last Man Standing, Blue Bloods, Hawaii Five-0, 20/20, and Shark Tank. This was a 7% decrease in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by 5.68 million viewers with a 1.5/4. This means that 1.3 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode, while 4 percent of all households watching television at that time watched it. With DVR factoring in, the episode was watched by 7.95 million viewers with a 2.4 ratings share in the 18-49 demographics.
Critical reviews
"Eyes of the Beholder" received mixed to positive reviews. The A.V. Club's Kevin McFarland gave the episode a "C+" grade and wrote, "Nick and Hank seem to encounter a different Wesen every week, whether it's working with Renard and the outside world, or chasing down a culprit for a case introduced that week. Perhaps the show doesn't give that much indication of how time passes for these characters, and maybe, as I've posited before, Grimm simply doesn't show the more 'routine' cases the two detectives handle. But it sure seems like they're getting an awful lot of crimes involving Wesen concentrated in one area of investigation."
Nick McHatton from TV Fanatic, gave a 4.0-star rating out of 5, stating: "If there's one thing that I learned at the end of Grimm Season 3 Episode 10, it's this: Don't give Juliette a frying pan. Not since Rapunzel in Tangled have I witnessed someone mercilessly beat the bad guys to a pulp with one."
MaryAnn Sleasman from TV.com, wrote, "While 'Eyes of the Beholder' was certainly an improvement over last week's mid-season premiere, my Spidey-sense is starting to tingle in a rather uncomfortable way because we have yet to hit the sweet spot that the first half of Grimms third season nailed consistently, week after week. It's like the writers decided to save all the mediocre episodes with the weird racial undertones for January, interrupting all the good stuff to get them out of the way now in hopes that maybe we'll forget about them when the plot heats up again later on."
References
External links
Grimm (season 3) episodes
2014 American television episodes
"Ocean of Tears" is a song by American singer-songwriter and producer Caroline Polachek from her debut studio album Pang. It was released as the second single from the album on July 24, 2019, the same day as "Parachute".
Background and composition
"Ocean of Tears" is "dedicated to the sharp pain of being in love with someone far away, and the maddening doubt that comes with it." It was the last song written for the album.
The song is a hip hop-tinged "trembling, operatic ballad in the vein of Björk or Zola Jesus, rendered in the rich electro-organic palette Polachek tends to prefer". The song features "Bold production choices like a series of violent but satisfying bass hits near the end of the song" and "adventurous" vocals.
Music video
The song's music video was described as "ornate, romantic, lush, and delightfully surreal" and compared to Enya's "Orinoco Flow". The song's pirate-themed music video originated from a trip to Disneyland with co-director Matt Copson. The nautical themes would go on to inspire other art for the project, including the cover art for Pang.
Track listing
Ocean of Tears — Single
"Ocean of Tears" — 3:24
Ocean of Tears (umru Remix) — Single
"Ocean of Tears" (umru Remix) — 3:05
"Ocean of Tears" — 3:24
References
2010s ballads
2019 singles
2019 songs
Caroline Polachek songs
Songs written by Caroline Polachek
Songs written by Nate Campany
Johan Vansummeren (born 4 February 1981) is a Belgian former professional road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2016 for the , , and teams.
Biography
Vansummeren was born, raised, and resides in Lommel, Flanders, Belgium. After two seasons in the amateur ranks, Vansummeren turned professional with in 2004.
Although Vansummeren's role was primarily that of a domestique, he competed as a team leader during the classic season. In 2011, Vansummeren won the biggest race of his career, Paris–Roubaix. Vansummeren won the race after escaping from three other riders with remaining, winning by nineteen seconds at the velodrome in Roubaix. He was victorious, despite riding the final with a flat tire. Vansummeren also won the 2007 Tour de Pologne and rode the Tour de France nine times.
Vansummeren signed with AG2R La Mondiale for the 2015 and 2016 seasons. In June 2016, he announced his retirement from the sport after being diagnosed with a heart problem that had been detected in February at the Tour of Oman and resulted in him missing the classics season.
Major results
1999
1st Overall Junior Tour of Wales
2001
4th Overall Le Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux
4th Circuit de Wallonie
5th Overall Ronde de l'Isard
1st Stage 5
8th Grand Prix de Waregem
2002
1st Circuit de Wallonie
1st Zellik–Galmaarden
3rd Overall Le Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux
5th Ronde van Vlaanderen U23
2003
1st Liège–Bastogne–Liège Espoirs
2nd Road race, UCI Under-23 Road World Championships
3rd Beverbeek Classic
4th Ronde van Vlaanderen U23
7th Overall Tour of Slovenia
9th Time trial, UEC European Under-23 Road Championships
10th Overall Tour de Normandie
10th Overall Le Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux
2004
8th Grand Prix Rudy Dhaenens
10th Grand Prix Eddy Merckx (with Bert Roesems)
2005
4th Overall Tour Down Under
2006
1st Points classification Tour of Britain
5th Road race, National Road Championships
9th Grand Prix d'Isbergues
2007
1st Overall Tour de Pologne
1st Stage 7
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Settimana Internazionale di Coppi e Bartali
2008
8th Paris–Roubaix
2009
5th Paris–Roubaix
10th Clásica de San Sebastián
2011
1st Paris–Roubaix
1st Duo Normand (with Thomas Dekker)
2012
1st Stage 2 (TTT) Tour of Qatar
9th Paris–Roubaix
10th Strade Bianche
2014
10th Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
Cycling Base: Johan Vansummeren
Cycling Quotient: Johan Vansummeren
Garmin-Sharp: Johan Vansummeren
1981 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Belgium
People from Lommel
Cyclists from Limburg (Belgium)
This is a summary of the year 2009 in the Canadian music industry.
Events
March 29 – The Juno Awards of 2009 are held in Vancouver, British Columbia.
June 15 – The 2009 Polaris Music Prize 40-album longlist is announced.
July 7 – The 2009 Polaris Music Prize 10-album shortlist is to be announced.
September 21 – Fucked Up's album The Chemistry of Common Life is announced as the winner of the 2009 Polaris Music Prize.
September – K'naan's single "Wavin' Flag" is announced as the official theme song of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Albums
A
Apostle of Hustle, Eats Darkness
Marie-Pierre Arthur, Marie-Pierre Arthur
Attack in Black, Years (by One Thousand Fingertips)
B
Jason Bajada, Loveshit
Howie Beck, How to Fall Down in Public
Daniel Bélanger, Nous
Bell Orchestre, As Seen Through Windows
Art Bergmann, Lost Art Bergmann
Justin Bieber, My World
Billy Talent, Billy Talent III
Jully Black, The Black Book
Blue Rodeo, The Things We Left Behind
Will Bonness, Subtle Fire
Brian Borcherdt, Torches/The Ward Colorado Demos
Bruce Peninsula, A Mountain Is a Mouth
Michael Bublé, Crazy Love
By Divine Right, Mutant Message
C
Patricia Cano, This Is the New World
Paul Cargnello, Bras coupé
CFCF, Continent
DJ Champion, Resistance
Classified, Self Explanatory
The Cliks, Dirty King
Leonard Cohen, Live in London
Antoine Corriveau, Ni vu ni connu
Rose Cousins, The Send-Off
Eliana Cuevas, Luna Llena
Cuff the Duke, Way Down Here
Amelia Curran, Hunter Hunter
D
The Dardanelles, The Dardanelles
Default, Comes and Goes
Despised Icon, Day of Mourning
Digawolf, Distant Morning Star
Julie Doiron, I Can Wonder What You Did with Your Day
Drake, So Far Gone
E
Emerson Drive, I Believe
Evening Hymns, Spirit Guides
F
Julie Fader, Outside In
Melanie Fiona, The Bridge
Faber Drive, Can't Keep a Secret
G
Gentleman Reg, Jet Black
Hannah Georgas, The Beat Stuff
The Good Lovelies, The Good Lovelies (March), Under the Mistletoe (December)
Jenn Grant, Echoes
Grand Analog, Metropolis Is Burning
Great Lake Swimmers, Lost Channels (March), The Legion Sessions (October)
Emm Gryner, Goddess
H
Handsome Furs, Face Control
Ron Hawkins, 10 Kinds of Lonely
Hayden, The Place Where We Lived
Hedley, The Show Must Go
The Hidden Cameras, Origin:Orphan
Hollerado, Record in a Bag
Hot Panda, Volcano...Bloody Volcano
The Hylozoists, L'Île de sept villes
I
Immaculate Machine, High on Jackson Hill
In-Flight Safety, We Are an Empire, My Dear
Islands, Vapours
J
jacksoul, SOULmate
Jets Overhead, No Nations
The Junction, Another Link in the Chain
Junior Boys, Begone Dull Care
K
K'naan, Troubadour
k-os, Yes!
Kalle Mattson, Whisper Bee
L
Lhasa, Lhasa
Lightning Dust, Infinite Light
Lights, The Listening
The Lovely Feathers, Fantasy of the Lot
M
Ryan MacGrath, In My Own Company
Catherine MacLellan, Water in the Ground
Magneta Lane, Gambling with God
Malajube, Labyrinthes
Dan Mangan, Nice, Nice, Very Nice
Carolyn Mark and NQ Arbuckle, Let's Just Stay Here
Melissa McClelland, Victoria Day
Metric, Fantasies
Amy Millan, Masters of the Burial
Misstress Barbara, I'm No Human
Taylor Mitchell, For Your Consideration
Moneen, The World I Want to Leave Behind
Montag, Hibernation
The Most Serene Republic, ...And the Ever Expanding Universe
MSTRKRFT, Fist of God
N
The New Cities, Lost in City Lights
O
Octoberman, Fortresses
Ohbijou, Beacons
Our Lady Peace, Burn Burn
P
Paper Moon, Only During Thunderstorms
Peaches, I Feel Cream
Pilot Speed, Wooden Bones
Pink Mountaintops, Outside Love
Joel Plaskett, Three
Po' Girl, Deer in the Night
Pony Up!, Stay Gold
Priestess, Prior to the Fire
Propagandhi, Supporting Caste
R
Corin Raymond, There Will Always Be a Small Time
Lee Reed, Introductory Offer
Reverie Sound Revue, Reverie Sound Revue
Alejandra Ribera, Navigator/Navigateher
Rock Plaza Central, ...at the moment of our most needing
Royal City, Royal City
Ruby Jean and the Thoughtful Bees, Ruby Jean and the Thoughtful Bees
Daniel Romano, Frederick Squire and Julie Doiron, Daniel, Fred & Julie
The Rural Alberta Advantage, Hometowns
S
John K. Samson, City Route 85
Crystal Shawanda, I'll Be Home for Christmas
Shout Out Out, Reintegration Time
The Slew, 100%
Still Life Still, Girls Come Too
Sunparlour Players, Wave North
Sunset Rubdown, Dragonslayer
Swan Lake, Enemy Mine
T
Tegan and Sara, Sainthood
Think About Life, Family
Three Days Grace, Life Starts Now
Thunderheist, Thunderheist
Thus Owls, Cardiac Malformations
Tiga, Ciao!
Timber Timbre, Timber Timbre
Tire le coyote, EP
Torngat, La Petite Nicole
The Tragically Hip, We Are the Same
Two Hours Traffic, Territory
U
Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker, Questamation
United Steel Workers of Montreal, Three on the Tree
V
Various Artists, Friends in Bellwoods II
Various Artists, Great Canadian Song Quest
Various Artists, Record of the Week Club
vitaminsforyou, He Closed His Eyes So He Could Dance with You
Roch Voisine, Americana II
W
Martha Wainwright, Sans Fusils, Ni Souliers, à Paris: Martha Wainwright's Piaf Record
Patrick Watson, Wooden Arms
Wax Mannequin, Saxon
WHOOP-Szo, Where I Dream Is Where I Live
The Wooden Sky, If I Don't Come Home You'll Know I'm Gone
Y
Years, Years
You Say Party! We Say Die!, XXXX
Young Galaxy, Invisible Republic
Z
Zeus, Sounds Like Zeus
Top hits on record
Top 10 albums
These are the top selling albums in Canada. These albums consist of Canadian sales only.
Top 10 American albums
Top 10 British albums
Top International albums
Canadian Hot 100 Year-End List
Deaths
January 31 – Dewey Martin, rock drummer
March 15 – Edmund Hockridge, singer and actor
March 22 – Archie Green, folklorist and musicologist
May 3 – Renée Morisset, pianist
June 27 – Jackie Washington, blues musician
October 28 – Taylor Mitchell, folk singer-songwriter
November 22 – Haydain Neale, soul/R&B singer
References
Vinaigrette is a salad dressing or sauce.
Vinaigrette or vinegarette may also refer to:
Vinegret or Russian Vinaigrette, a salad in Russian cuisine
Vinagrete, a Brazilian condiment
Vinaigrette box, a small container with a perforated top, containing a strongly scented substance such as vinegar or smelling salts
Vinaigrette, a type of rickshaw formerly used in French cities.
David Henry Burton was an American Historian and professor of History at St. Joseph's University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Life and education
Burton was a World War II combat veteran in the Army's 334th Infantry and was awarded both the Purple Heart & Bronze Star for his service.
After the war, he earned a degree in History from University of Scranton, before earning both an MA, PhD in History from Georgetown University. He joined the faculty of St. Joseph's University in 1953 where he taught for over 50 years and chaired the History department for 24 years.
Career and Legacy
A historian of American presidents and the Progressive Era, Burton wrote over 17 books, including biographies of Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr., and Clara Barton. In his work, he argued for a cross-cultural approach to the study of American history, often contextualizing notable historical figures in American history via their contemporaries.
Across his career, Burton was awarded fellowships by the American Philosophical Society, Earhart Foundation, and was also a Winston Churchill Traveling Fellow of the English-Speaking Union. His edited volume, American history--British historians: a cross-cultural approach to the American experience, was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in 1976, and his book, The Learned presidency: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, Woodrow Wilson, was named one of the outstanding academic books of 1988 by a division of the American Library Association.
St. Joseph's University established the David H. Burton Postdoctoral Fellowship in recognition for his contribution to the History department over his fifty years as a professor there.
David Burton is the father of noted historian of British history and empire, Antoinette Burton.
Selected books
1968. Theodore Roosevelt: Confident Imperialist, University of Pennsylvania Press
1972. Theodore Roosevelt. New York: Twayne Publishers.
1973. Theodore Roosevelt and his English correspondents: a special relationship of friends. Philadelphia: American Philosophical Society.
1977. Saint Joseph's College: a family portrait, 1851-1976. Philadelphia: Saint Joseph's College Press.(With Frank Gerrity).
1978. American history--British historians: a cross-cultural approach to the American experience. Chicago: Nelson-Hall.
1979. Oliver Wendell Holmes, what manner of liberal? Huntington, N.Y.: R. E. Krieger Pub. Co
1986. William Howard Taft, in the public service. Malabar, Fla: R.E. Krieger Pub. Co.
1989. The Learned presidency: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, Woodrow Wilson. Rutherford [etc]: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press.
1990. An Anglo-American Plutarch. Lanham, Md: University Press of America.
1995. Clara Barton: in the service of humanity. Westport, Conn: Greenwood Press.
1997. Theodore Roosevelt, American politician: an assessment. Madison, N.J.: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press.
2007. Animating history: the biographical pulse. Philadelphia, Pa: Saint Joseph's University Press.
References
External links
Year of birth missing
2016 deaths
People from Oil City, Pennsylvania
University of Scranton alumni
Georgetown University alumni
Historians of the United States
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army soldiers
Saint Joseph's University faculty
Guy W. Bailey (May 7, 1876 – October 22, 1940) was a Vermont politician and educator. He served as Secretary of State of Vermont and president of the University of Vermont.
Biography
Guy Winfred Bailey was born in Hardwick, Vermont, on May 7, 1876. He was raised and educated in Essex Junction, where his father owned and operated the Bailey Granite Monument Company.
Bailey graduated from Burlington High School in 1896, and the University of Vermont in 1900. While at UVM, Bailey joined the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity. He studied law at the Burlington office of Rufus E. Brown & Russell W. Taft, and was admitted to the bar in 1904. A Republican, he served as village president of Essex Junction from 1901 to 1904, and a member of the Vermont House of Representatives in 1904 and 1906.
In 1908, Bailey was elected secretary of state. He was reelected four times, and served from October 1908 until resigning in August 1917. From 1912 to 1914, he served again as Essex Junction's village president. Bailey had been a trustee of the University of Vermont since 1914, and left the secretary of state's position to become UVM's comptroller. In August 1919, Bailey was appointed acting president of the university. In June 1920 he became president, and he held this position until his death.
The study of eugenics flourished in Vermont during the first half of the twentieth century, and the Eugenics Survey of Vermont became the first privately funded research project at UVM. Bailey served on the Survey's Advisory Committee, and aided the effort by negotiating for and administering the sponsors' funding.
During Bailey's presidency, the university undertook a large expansion and modernization program, including construction of several new buildings. He also worked to reduce expenses during the Great Depression, in addition to seeking scholarships and loans for students who needed them in order to remain in school during the economic downturn. After Bailey's death, university administrators discovered that the school had been operating with an annual budget deficit of more than $500,000, and he had used endowment funds to cover current expenses; as a result, his management of UVM's finances became the subject of negative press attention.
Death and burial
Bailey died in Boston, Massachusetts on October 22, 1940. He was buried at Essex Junction Village Cemetery.
Family
On December 22, 1904, Bailey married Mabel G. Brigham of Essex Junction. They were the parents of a son, Winthrop, who was born and died in 1905.
Legacy
Bailey received the honorary degree of LL.D. from the University of Vermont, Middlebury College, and Norwich University.
In the years after the Great Depression, UVM alumni sought to rehabilitate Bailey's reputation, which included the publication of a tribute book, Thank You, Guy Bailey. When the university trustees voted to construct a new library in 1961, they named it in Bailey's honor. This facility was expanded in 1980 and was known as the Bailey/Howe Library; David Howe was a 1914 graduate of UVM, and the longtime publisher of The Burlington Free Press.
Historical view
In February 2018 students and staff members protesting racism at the University of Vermont demanded that President Thomas Sullivan change the name of the Bailey/Howe Library because of Bailey's connection to eugenics. The University formed a study committee, which recommended dropping Bailey's name. The university's leadership agreed, and in October 2018, it was renamed the David W. Howe Memorial Library.
References
Sources
Internet
Newspapers
Magazines
External links
1876 births
1940 deaths
People from Essex, Vermont
University of Vermont alumni
Vermont lawyers
Vermont Republicans
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Secretaries of State of Vermont
Presidents of the University of Vermont
Burials in Vermont
Pachok is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2690 people living in 509 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Master Chief Petty Officer Sanjeev Rajput (5 January 1981) is an Arjuna Awardee Indian sport shooter from Yamuna Nagar, Haryana. He was a retired Junior Commissioned Officer in Indian Navy.
Early life
Rajput was born on 5 January 1981 to Krishan Lal of Jagadhri. He went to SD Public School Jagadhri, Haryana. At the age of 18 he joined the Indian Navy as a sailor and left the same in 2014.
Career
2004
He won three gold and a silver medal at SAF Games, Islamabad, 2004. At the national Championship Oct 2004 Sanjeev Rajput proves to be a new find by winning back to back finals with two different weapons on the final day of the National Championship at Reoti Ranges, Indore.
2005–2006
He won the 50m Free Rifle three-position and the 10m Air Rifle Champion of Champions events. He won a Team Gold in Commonwealth Shooting Championship, Melbourne in March 2005 in 50m Rifle 3 position event. He won the bronze medal in the Men's 50m Rifle Prone at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He won a bronze medal in the 2006 Asian Games, Doha. He took part in 33rd National Games Guwahati from Services team and won 03 Gold and 01 Silver medal including individual Gold in 50m Rifle Prone and 3position event.
2007–2008
In year 2007, he won the Olympic berth by making a New National Record of 1170/1200 in ISSF World Cup Fort Benning, USA, by breaking his own record of 1165. He won a second place in Asian Shooting Championship, Kuwait in December 2007 in 50m Rifle 3rd position and a team Bronze in the same event and a team silver in 50m Rifle Prone.
He contested in the men's 50 m rifle prone event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but failed to reach the finals. He also contests in the men's 50 m rifle three positions.
2009–2010
In July 2009, he won four gold and two silver medals from the SAG Shooting Championship, Dhaka. and a team Gold of Air rifle from Asian Air Gun Championship, Doha in December 2009.
In 2010 he won a double gold in 50m Rifle 3position event with the New Meet Record in Common Wealth Shooting Championship, Delhi and also a Silver in 10m Air rifle event. He won a silver medal in ISSF World Cup Sydney, 2010 in 10m Air Rifle. He finished 5th in 10m Air Rifle in ISSF World Cup Final in Oct 2010 in Munich, Germany. He also won a team silver in 10m Air rifle event in Asian Games Guangzhou, China. He was also Conferred with Arjuna Award in Aug 2010 and is also adjudged the Services Best Sports Person for the year 2009–2010 and was awarded the Trophy.
2011–present
In 2011, he won gold medal in world cup held in Changwon, Korea. He also made a New National Record in the same event by again breaking his own record 3rd time. By winning this gold he became the third Indian to qualify for the London Olympics. He finished 8th place at the ISSF World Cup finals in Poland in his Pet event. He also won five gold and a silver medal in the 34th National Games Ranchi, Bihar. At the 2012 Summer Olympics Rajput could not make it to the finals of the men's 50-metre rifle three positions at the Royal Artillery Barracks.
At the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Sanjeev won a silver medal in the 50 m Rifle 3 positions event.
In 2016 he won his second ISSF world cup medal in 50 metres rifle 3 positions event at Baku, where he ended up with a silver medal.
At the Gold Coast CWG 2018, he won the gold medal in the 50m three positions event. In 2018 Asian Games, he won silver medal in men's 50 metres rifle 3 positions category.
In Shooting World Cup in Baku, Rajput won a silver medal in the 50m rifle three positions. He finished seventh in the qualification with a score of 1,167.
At the ISSF World Cup in Rio de Janeiro (August 2019), Rajput qualified for the final of the 50m three positions event with a score of 1180, going on to win the silver medal. With the podium finish, he also obtained a quota for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
International medals won
South Asian Federation Games 2004, Islamabad 2004 | 3 Gold Medal and 1 Silver Medal
Australia Cup 2006, Melbourne 2006 | Bronze Medal 50M Rifle (3position)- Individual
Asian Shooting Championship, Doha, Qatar 2007 | 2 Silver 50M Rifle (3position) - Individual & 50M Rifle (Prone) - Team, 1 Bronze 50M Rifle (3position) - Team
Australia Cup, Sydney, 2008 – Gold medal in 50M Rifle (3postion) - Individual
International Shooting Competition of Hannover, 2008 - 2 Gold Medals - 10M Air Rifle Individual & 10M Air Rifle Team
5th SAF Shooting Championship, Dhaka 2009 – 4 Gold Medals & 2 Silver Medal
3rd Asian Air Gun Championship, Doha 2009 – 1 Gold - 10M Air Rifle Individual
12th Asian Shooting Championship, 2012 – 2 Gold – 50m Rifle (3position) Individual & 50M Rifle (3position) Team
His Highness Amir of Kuwait International Shooting Grand Prix, 2012- 1 Bronze Medal – 50M Rifle (Prone) Individual
6th Asian Air Gun Tehran, Iran 2013 – 2 Gold, 1 Silver & 1 Bronze Medal
References
Indian male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Living people
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for India
Olympic shooters of India
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sport shooters from Haryana
People from Yamunanagar
Asian Games medalists in shooting
1981 births
Shooters at the 2006 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2010 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2014 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2018 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Indian Navy personnel
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
The 1964 Mongolian National Championship was the second recorded edition of the Mongolian National Championship for football, with the first tournament taking place in 1955. It would appear however that championships were contested between 1956 and 1963, as sources note that a team called Aldar won the title on numerous occasions during that time. Nonetheless, the 1964 national championship was won by Khudulmur (literally: Labour or Workers and also romanised as Hödölmör), their first title.
References
Mongolia Premier League seasons
Mongolia
Mongolia
football
Peter Lundy and the Medicine Hat Stallion is a television movie starring Leif Garrett which aired November 6, 1977 on NBC. It is based on the novel San Domingo, The Medicine Hat Stallion by Newbery Medal award winner Marguerite Henry. The movie was developed and produced by Ed Friendly and directed by Michael O'Herlihy from a teleplay by Jack Turley. In 1978 Peter Lundy was awarded the Bronze Wrangler for Outstanding Western Fictional Television Program by the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum.
Summary
Peter Lundy (Leif Garrett) is a 15-year-old boy growing up in pre-Civil War Nebraska Territory with his father Jethro (played by Mitchell Ryan), mother Emily (played by Bibi Besch), and Grandma Lundy (played by Ann Doran). Peter resents the tyrannical way his father treats him and hates the bleak life at their prairie trading post. He raises a foal that was left at the trading post as a payment until it becomes old enough to ride. Peter and his horse then win a job with the Pony Express to carry correspondence and messages between the East and West coasts. It is a rough, hard, and dangerous job but Peter learns what he is made of and earns the respect of his father.
Cast
Leif Garrett as Peter Lundy
Milo O'Shea as Brisly
Bibi Besch as Emily Lundy
John Quade as Adam
Ann Doran as Grandma Lundy
Brad Rearden as Jim Baxter
Mitchell Ryan as Jethro Lundy
John Anderson as Alexander Majors
Charles Tyner as Lefty Slade
Ned Romero as Red Cloud
Jimmy Lydon as Muggeridge
Phil Mead as Hugo Rummelholf
Bill Hicks as Bolivar Roberts
Robert Tzudiker as Pee Wee
Awards
Won
Western Heritage Awards Bronze Wrangler (1978) for Fictional Television Drama - Film/Television
Ed Friendly, Producer
Michael O'Herlihy, Director
Jack Turley, Writer
Leif Garrett, Actor
Milo O'Shea, Actor
Nomination
Primetime Emmy Award (1978)
Outstanding Children's Special – Ed Friendly (producer)
Other Awards
Film Advisory Board Award of Excellence
Southern California Motion Picture Council Golden Halo
American Humane Association Award for outstanding contribution to the production of a motion picture with animals.
References
External links
Peter Lundy and the Medicine Hat Stallion, Internet Movie Database (IMDB.com)
San Domingo, The Medicine Hat Stallion, Archive.org
National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum
Southern California Motion Picture Council Golden Halo Awards
Marguerite Henry New York Times Obituary
Ed Friendly's Life and Legacy (littlehouseontheprairie.com)
Films directed by Michael O'Herlihy
In mathematics, a combinatorial explosion is the rapid growth of the complexity of a problem due to how the combinatorics of the problem is affected by the input, constraints, and bounds of the problem. Combinatorial explosion is sometimes used to justify the intractability of certain problems. Examples of such problems include certain mathematical functions, the analysis of some puzzles and games, and some pathological examples which can be modelled as the Ackermann function.
Examples
Latin squares
A Latin square of order is an array with entries from a set of elements with the property that each element of the set occurs exactly once in each row and each column of the array. An example of a Latin square of order three is given by,
{| class="wikitable" style="margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;text-align:center;width:6em;height:6em;table-layout:fixed;"
|-
| 1|| 2 || 3
|-
| 2 || 3 || 1
|-
| 3 || 1 || 2
|}
A common example of a Latin square would be a completed Sudoku puzzle. A Latin square is a combinatorial object (as opposed to an algebraic object) since only the arrangement of entries matters and not what the entries actually are. The number of Latin squares as a function of the order (independent of the set from which the entries are drawn) provides an example of combinatorial explosion as illustrated by the following table.
Sudoku
A combinatorial explosion can also occur in some puzzles played on a grid, such as Sudoku. A Sudoku is a type of Latin square with the additional property that each element occurs exactly once in sub-sections of size (called boxes). Combinatorial explosion occurs as increases, creating limits to the properties of Sudokus that can be constructed, analyzed, and solved, as illustrated in the following table.
Games
One example in a game where combinatorial complexity leads to a solvability limit is in solving chess (a game with 64 squares and 32 pieces). Chess is not a solved game. In 2005 all chess game endings with six pieces or fewer were solved, showing the result of each position if played perfectly. It took ten more years to complete the tablebase with one more chess piece added, thus completing a 7-piece tablebase. Adding one more piece to a chess ending (thus making an 8-piece tablebase) is considered intractable due to the added combinatorial complexity.
Furthermore, the prospect of solving larger chess-like games becomes more difficult as the board-size is increased, such as in large chess variants, and infinite chess.
Computing
Combinatorial explosion can occur in computing environments in a way analogous to communications and multi-dimensional space. Imagine a simple system with only one variable, a boolean called A. The system has two possible states, A = true or A = false. Adding another boolean variable B will give the system four possible states, A = true and B = true, A = true and B = false, A = false and B = true, A = false and B = false. A system with n booleans has 2n possible states, while a system of n variables each with Z allowed values (rather than just the 2 (true and false) of booleans) will have Zn possible states.
The possible states can be thought of as the leaf nodes of a tree of height n, where each node has Z children. This rapid increase of leaf nodes can be useful in areas like searching, since many results can be accessed without having to descend very far. It can also be a hindrance when manipulating such structures.
A class hierarchy in an object-oriented language can be thought of as a tree, with different types of object inheriting from their parents. If different classes need to be combined, such as in a comparison (like A < B) then the number of possible combinations which may occur explodes. If each type of comparison needs to be programmed then this soon becomes intractable for even small numbers of classes. Multiple inheritance can solve this, by allowing subclasses to have multiple parents, and thus a few parent classes can be considered rather than every child, without disrupting any existing hierarchy.
An example is a taxonomy where different vegetables inherit from their ancestor species. Attempting to compare the tastiness of each vegetable with the others becomes intractable since the hierarchy only contains information about genetics and makes no mention of tastiness. However, instead of having to write comparisons for carrot/carrot, carrot/potato, carrot/sprout, potato/potato, potato/sprout, sprout/sprout, they can all multiply inherit from a separate class of tasty whilst keeping their current ancestor-based hierarchy, then all of the above can be implemented with only a tasty/tasty comparison.
Arithmetic
Suppose we take the factorial of n:
Then 1! = 1, 2! = 2, 3! = 6, and 4! = 24. However, we quickly get to extremely large numbers, even for relatively small n. For example, 100! ≈ , a number so large that it cannot be displayed on most calculators, and vastly larger than the estimated number of fundamental particles in the observable universe.
Communication
In administration and computing, a combinatorial explosion is the rapidly accelerating increase in communication lines as organizations are added in a process. (This growth is often casually described as "exponential" but is actually polynomial.)
If two organizations need to communicate about a particular topic, it may be easiest to communicate directly in an ad hoc manner—only one channel of communication is required. However, if a third organization is added, three separate channels are required. Adding a fourth organization requires six channels; five, ten; six, fifteen; etc.
In general, it will take
communication lines for n organizations, which is just the number of 2-combinations of n elements (see also Binomial coefficient).
The alternative approach is to realize when this communication will not be a one-off requirement, and produce a generic or intermediate way of passing information. The drawback is that this requires more work for the first pair, since each must convert its internal approach to the common one, rather than the superficially easier approach of just understanding the other.
See also
Birthday problem
Exponential growth
Metcalfe's law
Curse of dimensionality
Information explosion
Intractability (complexity)
Second half of the chessboard
References
Combinatorics
Combinatorial game theory
Game theory
Asymmetric follow refers to a social network allowing many people to follow an individual or account without having to follow them back. It is also known as asynchronous follow or sometimes asymmetric friendship.
Asymmetric follow is a common pattern on Twitter, where someone may have thousands of followers, but themselves follow few (or no) accounts.
In September 2010 Facebook started experimenting with a similar feature, which Facebook calls "Subscribe To."
References
Real-time web
Social networking services
Web 2.0
Paul Daxhelet (25 November 1905 – 3 October 1993) was a Belgian painter. His work was part of the art competitions at the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1905 births
1993 deaths
20th-century Belgian painters
Belgian painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Huy
A breast biopsy is usually done after a suspicious lesion is discovered on either mammography or ultrasound to get tissue for pathological diagnosis. Several methods for a breast biopsy now exist. The most appropriate method of biopsy for a patient depends upon a variety of factors, including the size, location, appearance and characteristics of the abnormality. The different types of breast biopsies include fine-needle aspiration (FNA), vacuum-assisted biopsy, core needle biopsy, and surgical excision biopsy. Breast biopsies can be done under ultrasound, MRI or a stereotactic biopsy technique. Vacuum assisted biopsies are typically done using stereotactic techniques when the suspicious lesion can only be seen on mammography. On average, 5-10 biopsies of a suspicious breast lesion will lead to the diagnosis of one case of breast cancer.
Indications
There are many reasons why your doctor may order a breast biopsy. Typical indications include:
A suspicious area on mammography or ultrasound. This may include:
Microcalcifications on MRI.
BI-RADS score of 4 or 5 on mammography, ultrasound, or MRI.
A suspicious hard palpable lump
Skin changes like crusting, scaling, or dimpling of the breast, which may signal an underlying breast cancer
Abnormal nipple discharge
Fine needle aspiration
Fine needle aspiration (FNA) is a percutaneous ("through the skin") procedure that uses a fine needle and a syringe to sample fluid from a breast cyst or remove clusters of cells from a solid mass. It is mainly used to differentiate between a cyst and a mass. If the aspirated contents are not cyst-like, then a tissue sample must be taken to better evaluate the mass. Fine needle aspiration is one of the most commonly used initial diagnostic tools for suspicious lesions. The doctor will typically use a 22 or 27 gauge needles to aspirate out free fluid and cells. It can be done in an outpatient setting and is associated with minimal pain. However, in up to 30% of cases, pathological slides from fine needle aspiration of breast lesions may be inconclusive, necessitating the need for further testing. FNA can be done to aspirate the contents of a cyst, which may relieve any pain that the cyst caused, or can be used to aspirate a suspicious lesion in conjunction with cytology (cellular analysis). If aspirating the contents of a cyst, the aspirate is usually not sent for cytology unless it is bloody. If the cyst is not detectable by touch, it may be located using ultrasound, MRI, or stereotactic mammography. Recovery time from an outpatient FNA is minimal.
Core needle biopsy
Core needle biopsy (CNB) is another percutaneous ("through the skin") method of breast biopsy that became more popular than FNA in the 1990s due to the larger sample of tissue CNB provides. This method is usually done under ultrasound guidance and involves using two needles, one inner "puncture" needle that is inserted into the mass, and a wider gauge needle with an open "gap" or "trough" on one side that allows for tissue to enter. A spring-loaded sheath then is triggered by the technician that covers the trough in the needle to allow sample tissue to be separated and removed for analysis. Typically 4 tissue samples are removed to minimize sample error. To prevent the need to pierce the breast repeatedly a coaxial needle is left in place on top of the mass as a guide. CNB has a higher sensitivity for cancer than FNA, has lower false negatives, and has proven more successful in finding rare breast diseases like lobular carcinoma. However, this method still has relatively high rates of false negatives compared to surgical or vacuum assisted methods due to the overall low volume of tissue removed. Also, because breast tissue can be difficult to target on ultrasound, as much as 5-10% of suspicious lesions are missed by the needle and may result in a high rate of false negatives, or the need for additional biopsies.
Vacuum assisted breast biopsy
Vacuum assisted breast biopsy (VABB) is a more recent version of core needle biopsy using a vacuum technique to assist the collection of the tissue sample. Similarly to core needle biopsy the needle has a lateral ("from the side") opening and can be rotated allowing multiple samples to be collected through a single skin incision. This method has become more popular than FNA, CNB, and surgical biopsies due to the benefits of low invasiveness while still obtaining a larger tissue sample. Taking more tissue helps reduce sampling error since breast lesions are often heterogeneous (cancer cells are spread unevenly) and therefore cancer can be missed if not enough tissue is taken. VABB can be guided by stereotactic (most popular), ultrasound, and MRI, and can yield as much as 2g of tissue sample. The vacuum assisted biopsy category also includes automated rotational core devices.
Direct and frontal biopsy
Recent innovations in tissue acquisition for the human breast have led to the development of unique direct frontal systems. Efficacy is considered optimal if the diagnosis by transcutaneous biopsy is identical to the surgical specimen in case of malignancy or in line with clinical follow-up when benign.
The direct and frontal biopsy systems can even be considered relatively painless. The quality of the sample is sufficient for research on molecular biology.
Excisional (surgical) biopsy
Excisional biopsy involves surgically removing the suspicious area of the breast to examine it under the microscope for diagnosis. One method is wire guided (or wire-localized) excisional biopsy, where a wire is inserted into the breast and repeatedly imaged using breast ultrasound or mammography until the technician sees that the tip is located in the suspicious area. The suspicious area is then removed entirely in one block by the surgeon with the help of the wire. When the tissue is removed, it is processed by a Pathologist, who describes the tissue as it appears by eye, and inks the sides to help orient the tissue under the microscope after it is sliced. Each color corresponds to a direction, such as superior, inferior, medial, lateral, anterior, and posterior (these correspond to top, bottom, outside, inside, front, and back). When the tissue is then looked at under the microscope, the margins can then be evaluated to see if they are free of cancer cells, or if the surgeon needs to go back and remove more tissue from that area. Titanium surgical clips are often left behind by surgeons to help future physicians locate the site and monitor for future disease or target the area with radiation if needed. Percutaneous ("through the skin") biopsy methods have become more favored over surgical biopsies due to the high rate of benign findings (80%) and the reduction of adverse effects such as scarring.
Adverse Effects
Adverse effects of breast biopsies tend to vary depending on what type of biopsy is performed. The more invasive, such as surgery, tend to have more severe types of adverse incidents, whereas less invasive such as FNA or CNB tend to have less severe. For vacuum assisted biopsies, some complications of the procedure can include bleeding, post operative pain, and hematoma formation. However, most can be avoided with proper application of pressure and rest. Some examples of adverse effects of core needle biopsies can include rare biopsy risks like infection, abscess formation, fistula formation, migration of any markers placed in the breast, and potential seeding of the tumor (causing displacement of cancer cells due to the procedure that can start new tumors elsewhere). Another potential adverse effect occurs when taking a biopsy of an area of microcalcification. If the entire area of microcalcification is removed, it is then very difficult to find the suspicious area in the future for treatment. A marker is placed in the suspicious area to help localize the proper area for possible removal at a later date, if this is removed during biopsy, it can be difficult to make sure that the correct area was excised in surgery. Bleeding into the site of the suspicious lesion caused by the biopsy procedure can appear to look like a complex cyst on ultrasound, which could lead to additional unnecessary management. The false negative rate of the results of a breast biopsy is approximately 1%.
Global breast biopsy devices market is forecasted to generate a revenue of $1.4 billion by 2023
References
Biopsy
Breast surgery
Exserohilum curvisporum is a fungal species found during a survey done on water and sediment of river Shatt Al Arab at Basrah city, southern Iraq. The research was done by Basil A Abbas under supervision of S K Abdullah in 1993.
References
Pleosporaceae
Stereotoceras is a Middle and Upper Devonian genus in the oncocerid family Brevicoceratidae that formed a smooth, depressed, gyroconic shell with the dorsum much flatter that the venter. Sutures are straight ventrally but have dorsal lobes. Growth lines outline a ventral hyponomic sinus but are otherwise transverse. The siphuncle in ventral, nummuloidal, with discrete, irregular, actinosiphonate deposits at the septal foramina.
References
Sweet. W. C. 1964. Nautiloidea-Oncocerida; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part K. Geol Soc of America and Univ Kansas press, R.C. Moore (Ed)
Oncocerida
Middle Devonian first appearances
Late Devonian animals
Late Devonian genus extinctions
The 1951 Washington Senators won 62 games, lost 92, and finished in seventh place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
December 4, 1950: Rubén Gómez was drafted by the Senators from the St. Jean Braves in the 1950 minor league draft.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
June 1951: Rubén Gómez was returned by the Washington Senators to the St. Jean Braves.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Fulton
References
External links
1951 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1951 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
Ronaldo Mouchawar (), is a Syrian entrepreneur. In 2005, he co-founded Souq.com, the largest e-commerce retailer in the Arab World, making the e-commerce retailer the region's first unicorn. When Amazon acquired Souq in 2017, Mouchewar became vice president of Amazon Middle East and North Africa. He is a veteran of Maktoob, the internet portal purchased by Yahoo in 2009. In 2005, he launched Souq.com which as of September 1 2021 is a defunct e-commerce app replaced by its parent company Amazon.
Early life and education
Ronaldo Mouchawar was born in Aleppo, in Syria. His father was a merchant, and this provided the inspiration for the name of the e-commerce site. Mouchawar is also a former basketball player of the Jalaa SC Aleppo.
Mouchawar holds a master's degree in digital communications and a bachelor's degree in electrical and computer engineering from Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States. He spent the early years of his career with the Boston engineering firm working in technology and business management, including a role as technical and systems consultant at Electronic Data Systems (EDS).
Career
Mouchawar co-founded Souq.com in 2005 alongside Jabbar, Internet Group's Samih Toukan, and Hussam Khoury. He added products from fashion to electronics and homeware and the site became the largest e-commerce retailer in the Arab world.
'White Friday'
In 2014, he established the White Friday sales event to coincide with Black Friday in the US, explaining that a "black" Friday doesn't make cultural sense in the Arab world, since Friday is the traditional day of prayer. The sale was widely popular as it raised over $275 million. In 2015 Souq.com more than doubled its sales during its second White Friday sale, with 13 million visitors and 600,000 items sold during 25–28 November across the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Egypt. Additionally it was involved in the exclusive release of the Huawei Honor 6 launch in Abu Dhabi.
Funding and Amazon acquisition
In February 2016, Souq.com announced it had received $275m of funding, with a valuation above $1bn, the Arab world's largest ever funding deal. In March 2017, it was made public that Amazon would be acquiring Souq.com. The sum of this deal was not initially disclosed, though an Amazon SEC filing later revealed that the total sum paid was $580m in cash. Today Mouchawar serves as VP of Amazon MENA.
Awards
Ronaldo Mouchawar has received several professional awards both in the UAE and overseas.
2013: Gulf Business Industry Awards, CEO of the year in the IT/Technology category
2015: Entrepreneur of the Year award (Retail)
See also
List of Northeastern University people
References
Further reading
Amazon to acquire Souq, a Middle East clone once valued at $1B, for $650M (TechCrunch)
People from Aleppo
Northeastern University alumni
Amazon (company) people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Syrian businesspeople
Syrian expatriates in the United Arab Emirates
Kurt Anton Amplatz (February 25, 1924 – November 6, 2019) was an Austrian radiologist and medical device inventor. He is best known for the invention of the Amplatzer Septal Occluder as well as the Amplatzer Cribriform Occluder, which is used for closing atrial septal defect, a common congenital heart defects found in infants. These devices are inserted by percutaneous catheter placement, thus avoiding open-heart surgery. In 1958, he performed one of the first percutaneous catheterizations of the heart. Amplatz spent most of his 40-year career in Radiology as the Chairman of Interventional Radiology at the University of Minnesota.
Early life and education
Kurt Amplatz was born on February 25, 1924 in Weistrach, Austria. He was raised in Senftenberg and later in Innsbruck. He attended the University of Innsbruck, graduating with a medical degree in 1951. He interned at the Universitätsklinikum St. Pölten and at St. John's Hospital in Brooklyn. He completed his postgraduate work in radiology at Wayne State University School of Medicine in Detroit.
Medical career
In 1957, he began working at the radiology faculty of the University of Minnesota Medical School. There he developed a device that allowed physicians to inject dye into the heart via a catheter. He also built a chair for use in pneumoencephalography for detection of brain tumors before CT scans. With his son, Curtis, he developed the Amplatzer Occluder, which introduced a mesh via a catheter that could close holes in the heart.
Before retiring from the University of Minnesota in 1997, he formed his own company, AGA Medical. AGA designed and sold small devices that could close defects in the heart. Amplatz sold one third of the company to two partners, which ultimately led to internal conflict. Lawsuits between the partners resulted in a bidding process in which a private equity investor, Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, acquired more than half of the company. The company was sold to St. Jude Medical in 2010 for more than $1 billion.
Before leaving the company, Amplatz had accumulated more than 100 patents. He donated $1 million worth of his occluders to poor patients.
Personal life
He was married to Maxine Amplatz and had four children.
Dr. Amplatz died on November 6, 2019 at the age of 95.
References
Austrian radiologists
University of Minnesota faculty
Austrian emigrants to the United States
1924 births
2019 deaths
Yongshi (永始) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Yongshi (16BC–13BC), era name used by Emperor Cheng of Han
Yongshi (403–404), era name used by Huan Xuan
Priyamal Perera (born 2 May 1995) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer. He was part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup and made his international debut for the Sri Lanka cricket team in March 2019.
Domestic career
In March 2018, he was named in Kandy's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, he was also named in Kandy's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In August 2018, he was named in Colombo's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. He was the leading run-scorer for Colts Cricket Club in the 2018–19 Premier League Tournament, with 1,001 runs in ten matches.
In March 2019, he was named in Kandy's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In October 2020, he was drafted by the Kandy Tuskers for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
In February 2019, he was named in Sri Lanka's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against South Africa. He made his ODI debut for Sri Lanka against South Africa on 13 March 2019.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Colts Cricket Club cricketers
People from Ragama
Kandy Tuskers cricketers
Gants Hill is a London Underground station in the largely residential Gants Hill district of Ilford in East London. It is served by the Central line and is between Redbridge and Newbury Park stations on the Hainault loop. It is in Travelcard Zone 4. It is the easternmost station to be below ground on the London Underground network and the busiest on the Hainault loop.
The station ticket hall is located beneath Gants Hill roundabout and reached via pedestrian subways. It opened on 14 December 1947 as an extension of the Central line to form the new part of the Hainault loop. The station is known for its distinctive architecture featuring barrel-vaulted halls at platform level designed by Charles Holden.
Location
The station has taken its name from the Gants Hill roundabout, where the name Gants Hill could have originated from the le Gant family who were notable as stewards. The ticket hall is directly underneath the roundabout, located in the heart of Gants Hill district. The roundabout connects to Woodford Avenue, Eastern Avenue and Cranbrook Road. The station serves a mainly residential area, and is near Valentines Park, Valentines High School, and "Faces" Nightclub.
History
As part of the 1935–40 New Works Programme, the Central line was to be extended from Liverpool Street to south of Leyton where it would connect to and take over passenger operations on the London & North Eastern Railway's (LNER's) suburban branch to Epping and Ongar in Essex. The section of the LNER's Fairlop Loop (now known as Hainault Loop) between Woodford and Newbury Park was also to be transferred, though not the section south from Newbury Park to Ilford and Seven Kings on the Great Eastern Main Line. To replace the truncated route south from Newbury Park, a new underground section between Leytonstone and Newbury Park was constructed, running mostly under Eastern Avenue. Three new stations, which include Gants Hill were built to serve the new suburbs of north Ilford and the Fairlop Loop. During planning, the names "Ilford North" and "Cranbrook" were considered for this station.
Construction began before 1937 and most of the tunnelled section was completed by 1940 but delayed due to the outbreak of the Second World War and eventually came to a halt in June 1940. During the war, the station was used as an air raid shelter and the unused tunnels between the station and Redbridge were used as a munitions factory for Plessey electronics. Construction restarted after the war ended, with the line extended to Stratford on 4 December 1946, and then to Leytonstone on 5 May 1947. Gants Hill station opened on 14 December 1947 as part of an extension to Newbury Park.
Design
The station, like the other two new stations on the branch, was designed by architect Charles Holden in the 1930s. During the 1930s the London Passenger Transport Board had provided advice on the construction of the Moscow Metro and an internal report in 1935 by the Underground's engineers on the Russian capital's system led to the decision to construct a station in London to a similar design.
The station ticket hall is located beneath the roundabout at the centre of the road junction. It is accessed via a series of pedestrian subways and has no street level buildings, although low structures on the roundabout sit above the ticket hall and provide daylight and ventilation. From the ticket hall, three escalators lead to the barrel-vaulted lower concourse between the two platforms tunnels. The station also features miniature roundels on the tiles at platform level as well as the "roundel clocks".
Gants Hill is the only Underground station with a concourse designed by Holden that has no surface buildings. Unlike Redbridge, the station is not Grade II listed although its distinctive architectural qualities have gained public support for listing the station.
Services and connections
Services
Gants Hill is served by the Central line between Redbridge and Newbury Park stations. Train frequencies vary throughout the day, but generally operate every 3–4 minutes between 05:23 and 23:57 westbound and 06:25 and 01:03 eastbound.
Trains generally run between Hainault and Ealing Broadway via Newbury Park. The typical off-peak service, in trains per hour as of 2018 is:
9tph eastbound to Hainault via Newbury Park
3tph eastbound to Newbury Park
9tph westbound to Ealing Broadway
3tph westbound to White City
The typical Night Tube service, in trains per hour as of 2018 is:
3tph eastbound to Hainault via Newbury Park
3tph westbound to White City
Connections
A number of London Buses routes serve the station.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Books
External links
– Entrance to station in 1953, with low roof of ticket hall visible in background
Central line (London Underground) stations
London Underground Night Tube stations
Tube stations in the London Borough of Redbridge
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1947
Charles Holden railway stations
Art Deco architecture in London
Railway stations located underground in the United Kingdom
The 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match played on 27 February 2000 at the Memorial Coliseum, Los Angeles, to determine the winner of the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup. Canada beat Colombia 2–0. This was Canada's first Gold Cup title and its second major title, the first since the 1985 CONCACAF Championship. As the Gold Cup champions, Canada represented CONCACAF at the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup in Japan.
Background
As the lowest-ranked member of the North American Football Union, Canada didn't enter the CONCACAF Gold Cup automatically and had to play the qualification, held in 1999 in the United States. The Canadians qualified by leading the group ahead of Haiti, the other qualified nation, Cuba and El Salvador, both failed to qualify.
Colombia, a member of CONMEBOL was invited to the tournament by CONCACAF. Peru was also invited to the 2000 edition, making them the second South American countries to play the Gold Cup after Brazil, which participated in 1996 and in 1998. By reaching the final match, Colombia repeated the same record as Brazil in 1998.
Both, Colombia and Canada had been runner-ups in their groups during the first round, respectively Groups A and D. However, Canada and South Korea, another invited participant, tied in every criteria in Group D and the qualification had to be decided in the coin toss, favoring Canada.
By the time of the competition, Canada hadn't win a major title since 1985 while Colombia was yet to win a big honor in its history.
Route to the final
Match details
Notes
See also
1985 CONCACAF Championship
2001 Copa América Final
External links
Award Winners
Squads
References
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Colombia national football team matches
Canada men's national soccer team matches
Exposition Park (Los Angeles neighborhood)
The Taiwan Design Research Institute (TDRI; ) is an art organization based in Songshan Cultural and Creative Park, Taipei, Taiwan.
History
The organization was established in 2003 as the Taiwan Design Center. The Center organizes the annual Taiwan Design Expo and the , a prize established in 1981 by the Industrial Development Bureau. In addition to the Industrial Development Bureau, the Taiwan Design Center also works with the Ministry of Culture and the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
In 2014, the Taiwan Design Center and the American Institute in Taiwan jointly established the American Innovation Center. Since then, the three organizations have jointly organized several events. In 2019, the Taiwan Design Center hosted the art exhibition of the inaugural Taiwan Pattern Design Festival.
The Center was renamed the Taiwan Design Research Institute (TDRI; ) in 2020.
See also
Culture of Taiwan
References
External links
2003 establishments in Taiwan
Arts organizations established in 2003
Organizations based in Taipei
The Swan River Mechanics' Institute was the Swan River Colony's first cultural centre, established on 21 January 1851. In time it was to house an extensive and well-used subscription library and a natural history collection, including botanical, zoological and mineral specimens. A new building replaced the old in 1899, and in 1909 the institute was renamed Perth Literary Institute.
In 1957 the institute became the City of Perth Library, which moved to another building in 1963. The original building, which was located on the south-west corner of Pier and Hay Streets in Perth, was demolished sometime in the 1970s.
Foundation
The Swan River Mechanics' Institute was established on 21 January 1851. Its founding president was Surveyor-General John Septimus Roe, who held the position until his death in 1878. Other officers included Joseph Hamblin (chairman), Bernard Smith (treasurer) and Harry Hughes (secretary). Roe's botanical collection, which was kept at the institute, won him membership of the Linnean Society of London. The second president was Luke Leake, who held the position until his death in 1886.
Although ostensibly formed for the educational benefit of the working classes, the Mechanics' Institute, like many in the Australian colonies, was mostly dominated and sponsored by men of the middle class and tended to pursue mostly literary goals as well as providing a recreational facility for that group. Hay describes the activities: "the educated gentry 'improved' the workers through the medium of occasional lectures, discussion classes which emerged from literary meetings, the establishment of a reading room and a project to build a scientific museum". Institute rules prevented discussion of current political issues; in 1856 a carpenter by the name of Joseph Chester was expelled from the Institute for criticising government policies.
The Swan River Mechanics' Institute was the first such organisation formed in the colony, followed closely by the Fremantle Mechanics Institute on 8 August 1851. Other mechanics' institutes were formed in Albany in 1853, Busselton and York in 1861, Guildford (as a branch of the Swan River Mechanics' Institute) in 1862, Greenough in 1865, Northam and Toodyay in 1866, and Bunbury in 1867. Ex-convicts were not accepted as Mechanics' Institute members and hence a number of alternative working men's associations arose in the 1860s to cater for working classes. Membership was by subscription, and required no qualification other than that the applicant be a respectable member of the community.
Premises
Early meetings took place at the Court House and at a temporary reading room at the Boys' School in Murray Street.
A site for a Mechanics Institute building in Howick St (later Hay St) was gifted by the government and surveyed in August 1851. The land was vested in trustees, and managed by a committee appointed by its members. The corner stone for the new building was laid by Governor Fitzgerald on 25 May 1852.
Moves to establish a permanent museum in the city during the 1880s saw the Institute's specimen collections move to premises at the recently closed Perth Gaol in 1892. These collections laid the foundations of what became the Western Australian Museum.
In 1899 the original building was replaced by spacious two storey premises on the same site, which included a concert hall with seating for 400 people and a lodge room with accommodation for another 200. The building's architect was William G. Wolf, who also designed His Majesty's Theatre and Hotel in Hay Street. The foundation stone for the new building was laid by the Premier Sir John Forrest on 20 June 1898. The premier was a former Institute president. The West Australian described the building:
[The hall] is a magnificent apartment, 70 feet x 31 feet, with platform, dressing rooms, and so forth. This and all the rooms on the same floor facing the street have French casements opening on to the balcony which surrounds the building. The edifice is in the Italian style of architecture, and the main entrance to the institute is from Hay Street. There are six shops in the building facing the same street, and a block of offices in Pier-street for letting purposes. The room in which the lending library is to be situated is 40ft. x 25ft., and faces Pier street, and the reading room measures 40ft. x 24ft.
At the time of its opening in 1899, the library contained 6,000 volumes and membership was 389. The cost of the building was £10,721.
Perth Literary Institute
Its name was changed to Perth Literary Institute in December 1909 and at about the same time its inventory showed the library to contain 564 books related to history; biography, 359; essays, 382; travel and geography, 421; general science, 275; social science, philosophy, and theology, 238; poetry and the drama, 199; serial and miscellaneous, 333; statistical and works of reference, 398; and fiction, 6,274, and a grand total of 9,443 volumes.
By 1951 it celebrated its centenary.
City of Perth Library
In 1957 the institute was taken over by the Perth City Council and became City of Perth Library. Soon after the Institute's subscription library was replaced by a free lending library.
The City of Perth library was established in the Council House in 1963 and remained there until 1995.
The Perth Literary Institute building was demolished sometime in the 1970s and the site now includes the Perth Law Chambers.
See also
Cultural institutions in Australia
References and notes
Libraries in Western Australia
Hay Street, Perth
Pier Street, Perth
Yang Fu ( 210s–230s), courtesy name Yishan, was a Chinese politician of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China. He previously served as a regional official in Liang Province during the late Eastern Han dynasty. In the 210s, when the warlord Ma Chao rebelled against the Han central government, occupied Liang Province by force and murdered some of the provincial officials, Yang Fu and his colleagues pretended to submit to Ma Chao. Later, they plotted a revolt against him and succeeded in forcing him out of Liang Province. During the reign of the second Wei emperor Cao Rui, Yang Fu proposed to the emperor to scale down his extravagant construction projects but the emperor ignored him.
Early life
Yang Fu was from Ji County (冀縣; or Jicheng 冀城), Tianshui Commandery (), which is around present-day Gangu County, Gansu. He served as a minor official in the local commandery office in his youth. Once, when the military officers in his home commandery sought his opinion on who would win the battle of Guandu, he replied that "Lord Yuan (Yuan Shao) is lenient but indecisive, foxy but inconclusive; people won't be afraid of his might since he is indecisive, and he'll let opportunities slip by since he is inconclusive. Even he may be powerful now, he won't achieve anything great in the end. On the other hand, Lord Cao (Cao Cao) has ambition and vision, and he is able to make decisions without hesitation. His army is disciplined and strong, his officers come from a diverse range of backgrounds and are hardworking, so his forces will win." His prediction turned out to be accurate and he became famous throughout Liang Province for his foresight and brilliance. Later, Wei Kang, the Inspector of Liang Province, recruited him to be an Attendant Officer.
Struggle for Liang Province
In 211, a coalition of warlords from the west of Hangu Pass started a rebellion against the Han central government, which was under the control of the warlord Cao Cao. Cao Cao led his forces to fight the warlords at the Battle of Tong Pass and defeated them. Ma Chao, one of the leading warlords in the coalition, managed to escape to the territory of the Qiang and Hu tribes to recuperate. Cao Cao pressed on his attacks against the remnants of the coalition and pursued Ma Chao to Anding Commandery, but pulled back his forces after hearing about unrest in his territories in the east. During this time, Yang Fu warned Cao Cao, "Ma Chao has the courage of Ying Bu and Han Xin, and he has the support of the Qiang and Hu tribes. If you order the army to retreat now and don't make enough preparations here, we'll forfeit the commanderies in the area." Cao Cao applauded Yang Fu's proposal but could not adopt it because he had to deal with Su Bo's rebellion in Hejian Commandery and Sun Quan's attack on Ruxu.
In 213, as soon as Cao Cao and his army left Liang Province, as Yang Fu foresaw, Ma Chao attacked the commanderies in Liang Province with support from Zhang Lu, a warlord in Hanzhong Commandery. Ma Chao soon besieged Ji County, the last stronghold in Liang Province which remained under Han control. Despite Yang Fu's valiant efforts to resist the enemy, Ji County still fell to Ma Chao, and Yang Fu was forced to submit to Ma Chao. Disgruntled by Ma Chao's cruelty and treachery (including his murder of Wei Kang, the Inspector of Liang Province), Yang Fu and other officials in Liang Province secretly hatched a plot to drive Ma Chao out of Liang Province. Yang Fu lied to Ma Chao that he wanted to see to the funeral arrangements for his recently deceased wife and gained permission to leave Ji County. He then used the opportunity to contact the other officials and prepare for their revolt against Ma Chao.
In September 213, Yang Fu started a rebellion against Ma Chao in Lu County to lure Ma Chao to lead his troops out of Ji County to attack him. In the meantime, while Ma Chao was away, the other officials in Ji County responded to Yang Fu's call and killed Ma Chao's wife and child(ren), who were in Ji County. Ma Chao was unable to retake Lu County so he retreated back to Ji County, only to find his family dead and the city gates shut. He then led his remaining forces to attack Li County, where some of Yang Fu's relatives and the families of the officials who rebelled against him were, and killed them in revenge. During the battles against Ma Chao, Yang Fu sustained five wounds over his body and lost seven relatives. Ma Chao eventually gave up on Liang Province and fled to Hanzhong Commandery to join the warlord Zhang Lu.
Service under Cao Rui
Yang Fu continued serving in the Cao Wei state, founded by Cao Cao's son and successor Cao Pi, after the end of the Han dynasty in 220. He lived through the reigns of the first two Wei emperors, Cao Pi and Cao Rui, and was enfeoffed as a Secondary Marquis.
In 230, the Wei general Cao Zhen led an army to invade Wei's rival state Shu, but the advancement was thwarted by heavy rainfall, which lasted for more than a month and rendered the mountainous paths untraversable. Yang Fu, along with others, advised Cao Rui to order Cao Zhen to withdraw the Wei troops.
Later, when Cao Rui started on his extravagant construction projects and expansion of his imperial harem, Yang Fu repeatedly advised the emperor against such actions. However, Cao Rui ignored his advice. Yang Fu then sought permission to resign from his position as Minister Steward, but was denied. Since then, Cao Rui applauded Yang Fu for his suggestions but seldom acted on them.
Yang Fu died in an unknown year without much family property. He was succeeded by his grandson, Yang Bao (), presumably because his son(s) died early.
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
2nd-century births
3rd-century deaths
Cao Wei politicians
Han dynasty politicians from Gansu
Officials under Cao Cao
People from Tianshui
Synovus Centre is an office building in Downtown Columbus, Georgia that serves as the headquarters of regional banking and financial services company Synovus. It was built at a cost of 18 million dollars in 2003 and has views of the Chattahoochee River. The building is a condominium and contains 120,000 square feet (11,000 m2), and 5 floors. Synovus occupies the 5th floor, half of the 4th floor and the 2nd floor and parts of the 1st floor. The 3rd floor of the building is owned by Page, Scrantom, Sprouse, Tucker & Ford, P.C., the largest law firm in Columbus. A portion of the 4th floor of the building is leased to another local law firm, Pope, McGlamry, Kilpatrick & Morrison, LLP.
External links
Synovus Financial Corporation
New Georgia Encyclopedia Article on Synovus
Buildings and structures in Columbus, Georgia
Jinxter is an interactive fiction video game developed by Magnetic Scrolls and published by Rainbird in 1987 for 8-bit and 16-bit home computers of the time. Jinxter tells the story of a man on a mission to save the fictional land of Aquitania from the looming threat of evil witches. The game was well received by critics upon its release.
Gameplay
Jinxter is a text-based adventure, where the player controls the protagonist character by typing in command sentences. Most versions use graphics for illustrations, with the exception of the text-only Spectrum +3 and Apple II versions. It was famous for its quirky, eccentric humour, as many of the textual descriptions are very long and have a humorous aspect. Each of the five charms provides a magic spell, and the words to trigger these spells are common placeholder names. Unlike many other text adventures, in Jinxter the player character almost never dies during the course of gameplay (the only exception to this rule is at the game's final confrontation). However, the player can lose some luck and be unable to complete the game later on.
Plot
The game is a science fantasy comedy set in the fictional country of Aquitania, which bears a strong resemblance to early-to-middle 20th century Britain. The central characters in the story are the Guardians, immortal guardian angel-like beings who look after and help people. The Guardians - members of ARSE, the Association of Registered Stochastic Executives - are described as liking to wear herringbone overcoats and eat cheese sandwiches. Centuries ago the country was threatened by the rising dark power of the wicked Green Witches until the good magician Turani created a magical object, called the Bracelet, which holds luck and distributes it throughout Aquitania to limit and keep in check the witches' magic, banning the dangerous parts of the witchcraft and rendering them relatively harmless. However, the new high witch Jannedor has enough of the restraints. She has obtained and disassembled the Bracelet, stripped it of its five magical charms and hid them in various places (the bracelet itself is worn by Jannedor), waiting for its powers to be weakened enough it could be destroyed so she would fulfill her schemes of jinx and conquest. If the charms of Turani are not reunited soon with the legendary Bracelet of Turani then luck could completely run out and the witches will regain all of their old magic and the country will again fall under their influence.
The player character is, pretty much accidentally, recruited by the Guardians to rescue his friend Xam, who was kidnapped by the witches, retrieve the charms, fix the Bracelet, and then use its powers against Jannedor to kill her and destroy her castle, thus defeating the witches and restoring luck to Aquitania. Once Jannedor's evil ambitions are put to an end, however, the player's character is put back just where he was before he began his adventure—in front of a speeding bus—and killed.
Development
Jinxter was originally conceived as an answer to Infocom's Enchanter and was created by a relatively large development team. The game was originally written by the sister of Magnetic Scrolls' founder Anita Sinclair, Georgina, who had previously written the novella A Tale of Kerovnia for The Pawn. However, due to a falling out between them, the whole text had to be rewritten in three weeks by Michael Bywater, who had previously written the What Burglar magazine for The Guild of Thieves and then helped with Corruption. The game's package contents included The Independent Guardian newspaper written by Bywater.
Reception
Jinxter received positive reviews, including the rating scores of 70% from Amiga Computing, 7/10 from Amiga User International, 88% from Amstrad Action, 8/10 from Power Play, 9/10 from Commodore User, 37/40 from Computer & Video Games, 89% from Computing with the Amstrad, 92% from Crash, 92% from The Games Machine 9/10 in Your Sinclair, and 83% from Zzap64. The game was also a commercial success. In 1998, ACE featured it on the list of 100 Top Games as "an odd adventure decorated with beautiful graphics." However, in 1996, Computer Gaming World ranked its ending as the 14th least rewarding of all time, as "even when the player won, the protagonist died."
References
External links
Jinxter at The Magnetic Scroll Memorial
Jinxter at the Hall of Light (HOL)
1980s interactive fiction
1987 video games
Acorn Archimedes games
Amiga games
Amstrad CPC games
Amstrad PCW games
Apple II games
Atari 8-bit family games
Atari ST games
Classic macOS games
Commodore 64 games
DOS games
Science fantasy video games
Telecomsoft games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
ZX Spectrum games
Video games about witchcraft
Copenhagen Cup is an international Group One harness racing event at the Charlottenlund Racetrack in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The race was established in 1928 and it was known as Internationalt Mesterskap (International Championship) until 1966. Since 1975 Copenhagen Cup has been held annually on the second weekend of June.
The distance has varied throughout the years, from 1978 it has been 2011 metres. In 1949 International Mesterskap consisted of two races.
Winners
1 Country of owner
Brief History of Harness Racing
The history of Harness Racing has its roots in the horse racing that began in the 20th century with regular horses, the race also known as trotting. It flourished simultaneously in North America, Russia, France, The Netherlands, Italy and Norway. The sport made its debut with average local breeds, which were working horses. It is said that North America was the mother of Harness Racing.
It is believed that harness racing that kicked off on a full scale onwards of 1806 in America, gradually developed from locally organized races between the working class farmers with ordinary working farm horses. Following such events, horses bred for farm work were replaced with horses specially bred for speed and stamina.
See also
List of Scandinavian harness horse races
Sources
Charlottenlund Travbane/Copenhagen Cup
References
Harness races in Denmark
Sport in Copenhagen
Sports competitions in Copenhagen
Summer events in Denmark
Mara Tekach, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service (rank of Minister Counselor), was the Chargée d'Affaires at the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, from 2018 to 2020.
Education
Tekach earned a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a Masters of Arts in International Affairs from the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University and a Doctor of Education from Teachers College, Columbia University.
Career
Dr. Tekach was a Peace Corps Volunteer in Niamey, Niger prior to joining the Foreign Service. Immediately prior to her post in Cuba, she served as Deputy Assistant Secretary (DAS) for Public Diplomacy for the Department of State's Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs. Other posts include DAS for Professional and Cultural Exchanges at the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs (ECA) and Deputy Director of Communications at the United States Mission to the United Nations in New York.
Controversy in Cuba
On November 20, 2019, Tekach was accused of “working closely” with Cuban human rights activist José Daniel Ferrer. The Cuban government believes the purpose of the American mission in Cuba is to promote “peaceful bilateral relations” but instead, it and “particularly its chargé d'affaires have focused in recent months on the failed purpose of recruiting mercenaries, promoting division and confusion among our people, identifying the areas of the economy against which to direct coercive measures, and trying to slander and discredit the work of the Cuban government and the Revolution.” The statement continued that “it was open instigation to violence.”
The week before, the embassy posted a video on Twitter showing Tekach with Nelva Ismarays Ortega who is a partner of Ferrer and leader of Patriotic Union of Cuba (UNPACU), described as the country's most active opposition organization. Tekach and Ortega pled for Ferrer's release from custody. American Secretary of State Mike Pompeo condemned the accusations stating the US would continue to speak out against the treatment of human rights activists in Cuba and that this was an attempted distraction from their treatment of Ferrer.
References
External links
Transcript of Pompeo's response
Living people
21st-century American diplomats
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ambassadors of the United States to Cuba
American women ambassadors
Peace Corps volunteers
School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University alumni
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
United States Department of State officials
United States Foreign Service personnel
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
21st-century American women
Rabenau may refer to two places in Germany:
Rabenau, Saxony
Rabenau, Hesse
Ahmed Bey Dino (1785–1849) was an Albanian military leader and politician.
He was born in 1785 in Preveza to the notable Dino family of the town. He was a close friend and ally of Ali Pasha. In Egypt he was one of the highest ranking generals of Muhammad Ali of Egypt during his conquest of Egypt. In 1844 he funded and built in Preveza the Yeni mosque, which was proclaimed a cultural monument of Preveza in the 2000s. In 1847 he took part in the Albanian Revolt of 1847 led by Zenel Gjoleka. Although the revolt was initially successful Gjoleka was eventually defeated and Ahmed Dino was exiled in Konya where he died in 1849. He was married to Saliha Çapari of the notable Çapari family. His son Abedin Dino became one of the founders of the League of Prizren and for a short period Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Ottoman Empire.
Sources
1785 births
1849 deaths
Albanian politicians
Military personnel of the Ottoman Empire
People from Preveza
19th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
19th-century Albanian people
Cham Albanians
Ahmet
The Pau Grand Prix () is an annual championship automobile road event for single seater racing cars organised by the L'Automobile Club Basco-Béarnais (ACBB) on the Circuit de Pau-Ville closed city street track in the centre of Pau, in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department of southwestern France. The ACBB was first inspired to hold race in 1933 after the success of the Monaco Grand Prix as well as other races in Nice and Nîmes. It has been variously run to Formula One, Formula Two, Formula Three (F3), Formula 3000, Formula Libre, Formula Renault, Grand Prix and Touring car racing rules throughout its history. The Grand Prix is composed of two 35-minute races: one on Saturday afternoon and the second designated the Pau Grand Prix the following afternoon. Each winner is presented with a trophy at an awards ceremony on a podium following the conclusion of both events and the result of the second race determines the Pau Grand Prix winner.
The inaugural winner of the Pau Grand Prix was French driver Marcel Lehoux driving a Bugatti in 1933. Jim Clark of Great Britain is the most successful driver at the event, having achieved four victories in 1961, 1963, 1964 and 1965. French racers Jean Behra and Maurice Trintignant and Austria's Jochen Rindt are in joint second place with three victories each. Nello Pagani of Italy was the first driver to achieve consecutive victories when he won the 1947 and 1948 races. Jack Brabham holds the records for the longest wait between two victories as well as his first and last Pau Grand Prix wins–six years between the 1960 and 1966. The most recent winner of the event was Billy Monger at the 2019 edition.
Winners
Key:
* – Star design denotes multiple races were held over the course of the race weekend with the final event designated the Pau Grand Prix
– Winner of the first event of the FIA WTCC Race of France
– Winner of the FIA WTCC Race of France's second event
References
Bibliography
External links
Pau Grand Prix
Pau Grand Prix
Aleksandr Alekseyevich Minayev (; 11 August 1954 – 6 December 2018) was a Russian football player and coach.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1976 (spring).
Soviet Cup winner: 1977.
Olympic bronze: 1976.
European Under-23 Championship winner: 1976.
International career
Minayev made his debut for USSR on 20 March 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in the quarterfinal for the UEFA Euro 1976 and qualifiers for 1978 FIFA World Cup (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament for either).
Personal life
In the first half of the 1980s, he was in a long relationship with actress Natalya Gundareva.
References
External links
Profile
1954 births
2018 deaths
Russian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Olympic footballers of the Soviet Union
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Footballers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Russian football managers
People from Balashikha
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Comporté may refer to:
People with the surname
Philippe Gaultier de Comporté (1641-1687), lieutenant of the Carignan-Salières Regiment that arrived at the city of Quebec in 1665
Toponyms
Comporté, a locality, near Poitiers, in the Center-West of France
Pourvoirie de Comporté (Outfitter de Comporté), an outfitter located north of the town of La Malbaie, on the edge of Lake Comporté
Comporté River, a tributary of the Malbaie River flowing into La Malbaie in the Eastern part of Charlevoix Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada
Seigneurie Comporté, seigneury in Quebec, Canada
The men's heavyweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1984 Summer Olympics. The weight class allowed boxers of up to 91 kilograms to compete. The competition was held from 31 July to 11 August 1984. 19 boxers from 19 nations competed.
Medalists
Results
The following boxers took part in the event:
First round
Håkan Brock (SWE) def. Magne Havnå (NOR), RSC-2
Alex Stewart (JAM) def. Virgilio Frias (DOM), KO-2
Kaliq Singh (IND) def. Nassam Ajjoub (SYR), 5:0
Angelo Musone (ITA) def. James Omondi (KEN), 5:0
Second round
Georgios Stefanopoulos (GRE) def. Douglas Young (GBR), KO-2
Arnold Vanderlyde (HOL) def. Egerton Forster (SLE), 4:1
Willie DeWit (CAN) def. Mohamed Bouchiche (ALG), 5:0
Dodovic Owiny (UGA) def. Michael Kenny (NZL), RSC-2
Henry Tillman (USA) def. Kaliq Singh (IND), RSC-1
Tevita Taufo'ou (TNG) def. Loi Faateete (SAM), 4:1
Håkan Brock (SWE) def. Alex Stewart (JAM), 5:0
Quarterfinals
Arnold Vanderlyde (HOL) def. Georgios Stefanopoulos (GRE), 5:0
Willie DeWit (CAN) def. Dodovic Owiny (UGA), KO-1
Henry Tillman (USA) def. Tevita Taufo'ou (TNG), RSC-2
Angelo Musone (ITA) def. Håkan Brock (SWE), 5:0
Semifinals
Willie DeWit (CAN) def. Arnold Vanderlyde (HOL), 3:2
Henry Tillman (USA) def. Angelo Musone (ITA), 5:0
Final
Henry Tillman (USA) def. Willie DeWit (CAN), 5:0
References
Heavyweight
Dovdoin Bayar () (1946–2010) was a Mongolian archaeologist, historian, a corresponding member of the German Archaeological Institute, and an amateur boxer.
Archaeology
Bayar started his career in archaeology under the instruction of the famous Mongolian archaeologists Namsrain Ser-Odjav and Dorjkhandyn Dorj, when he studied at Mongolian State University of Education. He obtained PhD degree in the theme of “Stone sculptures of Eastern Mongolia”, and ScD degree in the theme of “Human Statues in Mongolian territory”. He mainly studied Mongolian archaeological records, human statues, and memorials of the Middle Ages.
Bayar managed and participated in about 30 field expeditions in Mongolia, such as Mongolian-Russian joint expedition, Mongolian-German “Kharkhorum” expedition, ”Studying Human Statues of East Mongolia” expedition, Mongolian-Japanese “Gurvan Gol” expedition, Mongolian-Korean “Dornod Mongol” expedition, UNESCO's “Protecting ancient city of Kharkhorum” expedition, Mongolian-Turkish and Mongolian-Kazakhstan expedition.
Bayar wrote eight monographs, co-authored more than ten books, and published about 200 articles in scientific journals. His works were translated into and published in many countries; such as Mongolia, Russia, Japan, Korea, China, Turkey, German, Hungary, Kazakhstan, and in other countries. His main research theme was the lifestyle of nomads in the Middle Ages. His main achievement is that by his comprehensive research on the uniquely built anthropomorphic statues of Eastern Mongolia, he established that they are of indigenous origin, dated to the 13th through 14th centuries. It was a significant discovery, for before his research, all such statues were considered Turkic. Thus, he developed a new concept of Mongolian stone sculptures in Eurasian archaeological study.
Russian archaeologist Svetlana Pletneva valued his works by saying, “His research revealed the unstudied part of history, namely, the history of the nomads, which have not formed as a concept yet. He broke the long-existed view of referring all human statues to the Turkic period, and distinguished the Mongolian statues which relate to XIII–XIV century out of the Turkic statue reasonably and indisputably.” As a result of his archaeological work, 13th- to 14th-century Mongolian clothes, accessories, hairstyles and appearances became better understood and were then used in the fine arts, such as in literature, stage, and screen works.
Boxing
Bayar won a silver medal in the Asian Amateur Boxing Championships, held in 1971 in Tehran in Iran. He was a judge, referee and a trainer of boxing and wrote a book "Boxing in Mongolia".
References
1946 births
2010 deaths
Mongolian archaeologists
KDDC may refer to:
Dodge City Regional Airport (ICAO code KDDC)
KDDC-LD, a low-power television station (channel 32, virtual 23) licensed to serve Dodge City, Kansas, United States
Seventh-day Adventist Kinship International is a support organization that provides a spiritual and social community to current and former Seventh-day Adventists who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, asexual and/or intersex (LGBTI), and have felt hurt or rejected because of their sexual orientation and/or gender identity. SDA Kinship offers them the compassion and support perceived to not be available within the organized Adventist Church.
History and organization
Seventh-day Adventist Kinship, International, Inc. (Kinship) grew out of a 1976 meeting in Palm Desert, California, after some gay Adventist men placed an advertisement in The Advocate seeking other gay Adventists. Within four months there were 75 members and a rudimentary organization. During this time the name 'Kinship' was chosen because Seventh-day Adventists typically enjoy a close-knit family relationship with each other. Small groups of gay Adventists who had found each other in New York and San Francisco soon joined Kinship.
SDA Kinship is managed by a volunteer board and was incorporated as a non-profit organization in 1981. Current membership, including friends and family, is approximately 1,500 people in 62 countries. At this time Kinship has no formal connection with the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
Member services
Kinship exists to ease the initial distress of Seventh-day Adventists when they realize that they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender, and to facilitate the reconciling of their spirituality with their sexual orientation by offering suggested reading materials, personal dialogue, professional counseling referrals, and a network of supportive members.3
Media services
Kinship enables communication among members by publishing a free quarterly magazine, Connection Magazine. With the advent of social media, Kinship has Facebook groups for "members only" as well as public groups. SDA Kinship can be found on most social media platforms at @sdakinship and on YouTube at @sdakinshipint. Official accounts are on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram as well as a Twitter account from the president: @KinshipPrez.
Zooms
With the introduction to Zoom meetings Kinship has used this method to bring members together from all parts of the world. We offer 1st Friday evening Kinship Worship meetings. Also monthly zooms for the Families and Friends group, Kinship Women, Kinship Trans and non-binary, as well as non-English zooms available in Germany, Brasil and Latin America. We also have numerous regular training sessions that cover such things as dissecting the Clobber texts, self care, terminology training and much more.
Kampmeeting
Since 1980, Kinship has organized an annual week-long conference called Kampmeeting where members can meet and renew friendships. Worship, lectures, music, group activities, and good food, including vegetarian fare, are all part of the program. Spiritual ministry is provided by supportive church leaders and gay former pastors. Communion service is conducted on Friday evening and is the only communion received by many members who have been alienated from the church. In recent years (as of 2008), similar gatherings have been held in Europe, Australia, and other parts of the world.
Regional services
In order to communicate with and serve its diverse membership, Kinship is organized by regions, with nine United States regions and eight overseas regions: Australia-New Zealand, Brazil, Canada, Central-South America, Europe, Germany, The Philippines, and the British Isles. Regional coordinators communicate with members, sometimes by newsletter, and often sponsor meetings for social, recreational, educational and worship purposes. The frequency and type of activities depend largely on the number and proximity of members living within each region.
Special interest group services
Seventh-day Adventist Kinship International has groups within Kinship called Family and Friends of Kinship, KinWomen, KinYouth.
How to contact or join SDA Kinship
SDA Kinship welcomes not only the LGBTQIA+ rainbow current/former SDAs, but also the families who are learning to navigate their loved one's journey, and also the supportive allies scattered around the world in all levels of the church. To find out more about SDA Kinship, visit the website at: www.sdakinship.org. To become a part of the community and movement, go to the website and click on the "join now" button.
Actions taken to inform and sensitize the Adventist Church
Information packets
Kinship has mailed thousands of information packets to Adventist pastors, teachers and counselors and to every Adventist academy and college in North America. Information about HIV/AIDS has also been sent to every Adventist church in the United States.
Church leaders invited to Kampmeeting
In 1980 Kinship held its first national gathering called Kampmeeting (similar to a typical Adventist camp meeting). Three professors from the Adventist Theological Seminary and two pastors were invited to participate. They received permission from the General Conference, with the stipulation that SDA Kinship would not claim that this indicated the church's acceptance of homosexuality and that Colin Cook also be invited to present his ideas about helping homosexuals find healing. The invited theology professors, after the first in-depth research into what the Bible has to say about homosexuality, came to the conclusion that it was silent about persons with a homosexual orientation, and that its proscriptions against sexual exploitation, promiscuity, rape, and temple prostitution apply equally to heterosexuals and homosexuals. After hearing the traumatic stories of growing up gay in the Adventist church, the clergy were deeply moved and drew up a list of recommendations in their report to church leadership. However, protests from conservative members prompted church president Neal Wilson to instruct Adventist college, hospital, and church administrators to prevent anyone from meeting with Kampmeeting attendees the following year. Nevertheless, certain pastors and church leaders have continued to attend and speak at the annual Kampmeetings.
AIDS conference
In 1989 a pastor at Sligo Adventist Church in Takoma Park, Maryland, attended by many denominational headquarters personnel, conducted a support group for people with AIDS and their family members. The editor of the denominational magazine, Adventist Review, was a member of Sligo Church and together Sligo Church and the staff of Adventist Review sponsored a weekend AIDS Conference. They asked SDA Kinship to send three of its members who were ill with AIDS as delegates. A call was made at this conference for the church to address the AIDS epidemic through its hospital system. However, nothing of substance was accomplished until the extent of the epidemic among many heterosexual church members on the African continent became known.
Kinship Advisory Council
In 2000, a group of supportive church leaders was invited to form an advisory council to guide Kinship in bringing the Adventist Church to a more loving and redemptive attitude. This Council was instrumental in organizing a workshop on homosexuality and publishing a book resulting from the workshop.
Workshop on homosexuality
In January 2006, a workshop on homosexuality, held in Ontario, California, was jointly sponsored by SDA Kinship and the Association of Adventist Forums (now Adventist Forums), and was attended by about 60 invited observers. Twelve papers were presented on biological, sociological, psychological, legal, pastoral, theological, ethical, and Biblical aspects of homosexuality, and personal experiences.
Media activities
A book, My Son, Beloved Stranger, written by the wife of an Adventist minister about her family's experience after learning their youngest son is gay, was published by Pacific Press in 1995. Another book, Christianity and Homosexuality: Some Seventh-day Adventist Perspectives, consisting of the papers presented at the 2006 Workshop on Homosexuality and six responses, was published by Adventist Forums in May 2008. Complimentary copies were mailed to 500 pastors, administrators, and thought leaders of the Adventist Church. In 2005 SDA Kinship produced a DVD, Open Heart, Open Hand. It records three conversations with leaders in the Adventist Church who are parents of gay and lesbian children. It is introduced by an Adventist theologian whose brother was a gay man. It was filmed by Dr. Harry and Janice Wang, who also have a gay family member. SDA kinship also produced Seventh-Gay Adventists, which started as a kickstarter project created by Daneen Akers and Stephen Eyer who also produced Enough Room at the Table.
Exhibits at church conferences
Beginning in 2000, at the quinquennial General Conference Session of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, "Someone to Talk to," an outreach to Adventist families and friends of gays and lesbians, has had an exhibit presence in at least one large church convention every year, with informational handouts and book and DVD sales. A growing interest has been noted over these years.
Relations with Adventist Church
In the Seventh-day Adventist Church, homosexual relations are considered a violation and members engaging in such relations are subject to discipline.
Church sues Seventh-day Adventist Kinship, International over use of church name
The name "Seventh-day Adventist" (SDA), which the General Conference (GC) has been using since its official foundation in 1863, was trademarked toward the end of 1981. In 1987 a federal lawsuit was filed by the Adventist Church against Kinship in the U.S. District Court in Los Angeles, California, charging that by using "Seventh-day Adventist" in its name the gay support group was guilty of trademark infringement. It is not clear what events prompted the action, although as early as April 1981 (when the trademarking process was probably already under way) the North American Division committee had mentioned seeking counsel concerning what could be done to stop Kinship using the denominational name. Curiously, the lawsuit came ten years after the organization and seven years after the incorporation of Kinship, and after limited cooperative contacts between the church and Kinship. Leaders of Kinship surmised the reasons for this belated decision may have included anger over a recent Kinship demonstration at church headquarters. The lawsuit was decided in favor of SDA Kinship.
The Adventist church has sent a cease and desist over film name Seventh-Gay Adventist
"Your use and modification of the SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST mark in this manner is without permission of the GCCSDA and/or the church, and is likely to cause dilution by blurring the distinctive qualities of the SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST mark and by tarnishing the reputation of the mark. Your use of the mark in this manner is also likely to cause confusion among consumers who may mistakenly believe that the Church has authorized or approved your use of the SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST mark." However, there is no evidence that it went to court.
The name Seventh-day Adventist is generic and not protected by trademark law. The reason why the Seventh-Day Adventist is not protected by trademark law is because the adherents of the Seventh-Day Adventist Religion existed before the Seventh-day Adventist Church and in the film it is protected by the first amendment of the U.S Constitution
Intercollegiate Adventist GSA Coalition
Intercollegiate Adventist GSA Coalition is a support organization for Adventist students who are LGBT+ it has been founded by Eliel Cruz current GSAs are AULL4ONE, PRISM, Gay and Straight People, SHIELD, Students For Equality, Q&A, and Beacon. it is supported by Seventh-Day Adventist Kinship International And by individual Seventh-Day Adventists who support LGBT rights the GSAs are currently on some Adventist campuses, Andrews University, La Sierra University, Pacific Union College, Southern Adventist University, Walla Walla University, Washington Adventist University, Union College. Intercollegiate Adventist GSA Coalition is not endorsed by the Seventh-Day Adventist Church nor any of their official ministries
LGBT-welcoming church programs
References
Christianity and Homosexuality: Some Seventh-day Adventist Perspectives, edited by Fritz Guy, David Ferguson, and David Larson (Roseville, California: Adventist Forums, 2008)
Gay religion by Scott Thumma and Edward R. Gray
External links
Kinship International official website
See also
Homosexuality and Seventh-day Adventism
Seventh-day Adventist Church
Kinship International
LGBT Christian organizations
Christian organizations established in 1981
LGBT and Christianity
History of the Seventh-day Adventist Church
Voo da amizade () was the name of a dedicated air service between Brazil and Portugal operated between 1960 and 1967. It was an operational partnership between the Portuguese TAP Transportes Aéreos Portugueses and the Brazilian Panair do Brasil (1960–1965) and Varig (1965–1967).
History
In order to further promote the close cultural and economic ties between Brazil and Portugal, Panair do Brasil and TAP-Transportes Aéreos Portugueses established a jointly-operated air service with very specific characteristics:
Tickets for this flight were much cheaper than normal tickets but could be purchased only by Brazilian and Portuguese citizens or foreigners with permanent residence in one of those two countries.
Flights were initially operated once a week by a dedicated Panair do Brasil Douglas DC-7C with the titles Panair and TAP on the fuselage, with crew of both airlines, and with TAP flight numbers. By August 1961 frequencies had increased to 2 flights a week, one for each airline, and by August 1962 there were three weekly frequencies, with two for Panair and one for TAP. However, in May 1964 frequencies returned to the 1961 arrangement. During all this time the service was operated by a Panair aircraft configured in all-economy class.
The routing was Rio de Janeiro-Galeão / Recife / Sal / Lisbon. Some flights also stopped at São Paulo-Congonhas. Since at the time Cape Verde, where the island of Sal is located, was a Portuguese Overseas Province, the whole flight was operated within the territories of Brazil and Portugal.
Meals were served in airport restaurants during the refueling stops. Each passenger had a baggage allowance of 20 kg.
The first flight took off from Brazil on November 30, 1960 and remained as originally planned until the closure of Panair do Brasil on February 10, 1965. After a brief interruption, on November 22, 1965 Varig succeeded Panair in the Brazilian half of the operation, using one of its Lockheed L-188 Electra II. In this phase, TAP also decided to start using its own aircraft, a Lockheed L-1049G Super Constellation, for its share of the services. Thus, each airline had one weekly frequency and operated its own equipment. Flights ended in 1967.
It is worth noting that Panair, TAP and Varig also operated nonstop flights between Brazil and Portugal without the restrictions imposed by the Voo da amizade. For these, from 1960 to 1965 Panair used its Douglas DC-8-33, and from 1966 onwards TAP used its Boeing 707 and Varig either a Boeing 707 or a Douglas DC-8-33.
Accident
1 November 1961: the Panair do Brasil Douglas DC-7C registration PP-PDO flying southbound from Sal to Recife during its final approach at Recife, struck an 84 m hill 2.7 km from the runway and broke up. The aircraft was doing a night approach too low and outside the regular traffic pattern. From a total of 88 passengers and crew, 45 died.
References
Aviation in Brazil
Aviation history of Brazil
Aviation in Portugal
Aviation in Cape Verde
TAP Air Portugal
Varig
Brazil–Portugal relations
1960 establishments in Brazil
1960 establishments in the Portuguese Empire
1967 disestablishments in Brazil
1960s in Brazil
1960s in the Portuguese Empire
1960s in transport
1960s in aviation
Cromvoirt is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Vught.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1312 as Crumvoert, and means "crooked fordable place".
The Catholic St Lambertus Church was built in 1888. In 1891, the tower was constructed next to the church. The tower was blown up by the Germans in 1944, and only partially restored.
Cromvoirt was home to 393 people in 1840. Cromvoirt was a separate municipality until 1933, when it was merged with Vught. The northern part of the municipality, containing the hamlet Deuteren, became a part of the municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch.
Gallery
References
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Vught
BAVC Media, previously known as the Bay Area Video Coalition (BAVC), is a nonprofit organization that works to connect independent producers and underrepresented communities to emerging media technologies. It was founded in 1976 in San Francisco.
History
BAVC was founded in 1976 by a coalition of media-makers and activists who, initially, wanted to find alternative, civic-minded applications for a new technology – PortaPak video.
In 1976, The Rockefeller Foundation provided seed funding to a coalition of media makers, journalists, educators, and non-profit activists to complete a study that ultimately called for the founding of a media arts nonprofit. One year later, BAVC initiated its membership and fiscal sponsorship programs. Gail Waldron was hired as the first Executive Director. The nation's first nonprofit broadcast-level suite that meets PBS standards was created at BAVC in 1978. The National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) funded BAVC to begin production of Western Exposure, a series of six diverse programs by Bay Area independents. The first workshop – Color Production – was taught with a Hitachi FP-1020 camera and JVC portable recorder.
In 1980, BAVC opened its Job Center, a space for students, job seekers, and industry pros to network.
As Executive Producer, BAVC produced The Stand In, directed by Robert N. Zagone and starring Danny Glover. One year later, BAVC produced The Life and Times of Rose Maddox, a documentary about the country western singer. The Grass Valley Switcher was installed in the Online suite, and Morrie Warshawski became the new Executive Director.
The BAVC artist-in-residence program was born with the Capp Street Project, sponsoring Mary Lucier, Daniel Reeves, and Francesco Torres. BAVC was the only video facility in San Francisco not damaged by the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, and was able to provide postproduction services for all American Red Cross relief reports. In 1991, the organization set up its Technical HelpDesk, initiated the Artist Equipment Access (AEA) program, now known as the Media Maker Awards, and co-published Illuminating Video: An Essential Guide to Video Art. BAVC acquired a ProTools system in 1993 and completed “Brothers,” the first interactive video program aimed at slowing the spread of HIV among African Americans. One year later, the organization was awarded an NEA Challenge Grant to develop a video preservation center. The captioning program was established with funds from the NEC Foundation of America and Toyota USA Foundation. Education expanded to 250 workshops a year; Avid authorized BAVC to be their Northern California Training Center.
The Getty Research Institute and the Andy Warhol Foundation supported "Playback '96," an international symposium on video preservation at SFMOMA. In 1997, BAVC moved to its current home at 2727 Mariposas, tripling in size. JobLink was launched and the first annual MediaMaker Handbook was published. In 1999, YouthLink was launched, and Compaq donated the NT Lab. Their education program offered 500 workshops a year. They produced TechArcheology: A Symposium on Installation Art Preservation, Where Media Collide, a speakers series on the convergence of digital media, and From Promising Practices, Promising Futures, a study of tech workforce development. Two national meetings were held on Building a Digital Workforce.
By 2001, captioning grew by 500% and was certified by the National Association of the Deaf and the U.S. Department of Education. Over 500 videos were preserved from archives and major museums across the country, including The Kitchen and the Smithsonian Institution. BAVC continued to develop its artist-in-residence program and Polish video artist Pawel Kruk was selected. Electronic Cafeco-founder Kit Gallaway partnered with BAVC in 2003 to preserve the historic video piece, Hole-In-Space. SPARK, a [KQED]/BAVC co-production about the Bay Area arts scene, premiered. Also in 2003, Lost Boys of Sudan was completed in BAVC's online suite. The Weather Underground, onlined and closed-captioned at BAVC, was nominated for an Academy Award in 2004.
BAVC and the Community Technology Foundation of California launched the Zero Divide Digital Storytelling Institute. BAVC began to preserve audiotapes in addition to videotapes, with a grant from Richard and Pamela Kramlich's New Art Trust. In 2005, the organization produced PREPUT, a training seminar for public media professionals. BAVC, Film Arts Foundation, and KQED teamed up to produce Truly CA. Jennifer Reeder became BAVC's first HD artist-in-residence. BAVC and Rearden Studios hosted a screening and reception with video artist Bill Viola. Beyond the Dream, a four-part documentary series for PBS, was onlined at BAVC. Youth Sounds merged with BAVC in 2006 to create BAVC Next Gen Programs, a comprehensive new model of youth media training and development. In partnership with Podshow, Adobe and SF Mayor Gavin Newsom's Digital Media Advisory Council, BAVC Next Gen presented True2Life: Everyday Activities and Youth Changing the World, showing youth as innovative cultural producers and the Bay Area as a model in linking youth to community and industry change. BAVC worked with the Tisch School of the Arts, NYU as well as The Getty Research Institute and the Merce Cunningham Dance Company to help develop video preservation curriculum and training resources for their students and staff. In 2006 Access San Francisco collaborated with PATV (North Shore TV).
In 2007, with core funding from the MacArthur Foundation, BAVC launched the Producers Institute for New Media Technologies, creating space for independent producers, entrepreneurial public broadcasting entities, and the Bay Area's digital media industry to generate cross-platform companion pieces for independent media.
In August 2021, the organization changed its name to BAVC Media, to emphasize its support for other media technologies in addition to video.
Notable BAVC-Supported Productions
The Stand In (1981)
The Life and Times of Rose Maddox (1991)
Brothers (1993)
Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain (1999)
The Lost Boys of Sudan (2003)
Hole-In-Space (2003)
The Weather Underground (2004)
Beyond the Dream (2005)
Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea (2006)
References
External links
Website of BAVC
SF Commons Public Access Television Station San Francisco
BAVC Preservation
Film organizations in the United States
American public access television
Caroline Sturdy Colls (born 1985) is a Professor of Conflict Archaeology and Genocide Investigation at Staffordshire University specializing in Holocaust studies, identification of human remains, forensic archaeology and crime scene investigation. She serves as Director for the Centre of Archaeology there, but also undertakes consultancy for the UK Police forces. Her main area of interest is the methodology of investigation into the Holocaust and genocide murder sites with special consideration given to ethical and religious norms associated with the prohibition of excavating a grave.
Sturdy Colls graduated from the University of Birmingham in 2007 with a BA(Hons) in Archaeology and Ancient History, and with the MPhil in Archaeological Practice in 2008. In 2012 she completed her PhD thesis in Archaeology and Antiquity at the University of Birmingham, titled "Holocaust Archaeology: Archaeological Approaches to Landscapes of Nazi Genocide and Persecution". She is the author of numerous scientific publications, lectures and selected books on the subject, not to mention TV interviews and documentaries.
Archaeological studies
Sturdy Colls led a team of archeologists in the most recent excavations on the grounds of the Treblinka extermination camp Museum, resulting in the discovery of several floor tiles believed to have been used in the lining of the gas chambers. The tiles were made by Dziewulski & Lange ceramic factory in Opoczno. Her discovery became a subject of the Smithsonian film made for television. Approval for a limited archaeological study was issued for the first time in 2010 to a British team from Staffordshire using non-invasive technology and Lidar remote sensing notably, because neither the authorities nor the Jewish religious leaders in Poland allowed excavations at the camp out of respect for the dead. Sturdy Colls analyzed soil resistance at the site with ground-penetrating radar. Features that appeared to be structural were found, two of which were thought to be the remains of the gas chambers, and therefore the study was allowed to continue.
The archaeological team discovered three new mass graves. At the site of the previously unknown foundations several yellow tiles were unearthed, pressed with a symbol D✡L resembling a “Star of David”. The logo was soon identified as the pierced mullet star belonging to the Polish ceramics factory from Opoczno founded by Jan Dziewulski and brothers Józef and Władysław Lange. It was therefore not the Star of David as reported by the Israeli Ynet News service which made the announcement. The tiles located by the ground-penetrating radar were claimed to provide the first physical evidence of the existence of the gas chambers in Camp Two. For her work, Sturdy Colls was awarded a medal of honor by Treblinka extermination camp Museum.
Selected publications
Books
Sturdy Colls, C. (contrib.) Forensic Architecture (2014), Forensis: The Architecture of Public Truth. Berlin: Sternberg Press. .
Sturdy Colls, C., with Hunter, J. and Simpson B. (2013), Forensic Approaches to Buried Remains. Wiley, London. .
Sturdy Colls, C. (in print) Holocaust Archaeologies: Approaches and Future Directions. New York: Springer.
Sturdy Colls, C. (in print) Finding Treblinka. Archaeological Investigations at Treblinka Extermination and Labour Camps, 2014 in English and Polish.
Morewitz, S. and Sturdy Colls, C. (2016). Handbook of Missing Persons. New York: Springer.
Book Chapters
Sturdy Colls, C. (2016). ‘Earth conceal not my blood': forensic and archaeological approaches to locating the remains of Holocaust victims' In: Dreyfus, J-M. and Anstett, E. Human remains in society: Curation and exhibition in the aftermath of genocide and mass-violence. Manchester: Manchester University Press.
Sturdy Colls, C. (2015). "Badania archeologiczne w obozie zagłady i karnym obozie pracy w Treblince." In: Edward Kopówka (ed.), Treblinka: historia i pamięć. Siedlce: Muzeum Regionalne w Siedlcach. .
Sturdy Colls, C. and Colls, K. (2014), "Reconstructing a painful past: A non-invasive approach to reconstructing Lager Norderney in Alderney, the Channel Islands." In: Ch'ng, E. (ed.), Visual Heritage in the Digital Age. New York: Springer.
Sturdy Colls, C. with Hunter, J. (2013), "Archeology." In Siegel, J. and Saukko, P. (eds.) Encyclopaedia of Forensic Sciences. 2nd edition. Vol. 1, pp. 18–32. Waltham: Academic Press.
Sturdy Colls, C. (2013), "Ocena archeologiczna terenu byłego Obozu Zagłady w Treblince / Archaeological Survey of the Former Extermination Camp at Treblinka." In: Edward Kopówka (ed.), Co wiemy o Treblince? Stan Badań. Warsaw , Siedlce. . .
Papers
Carr, G. and Sturdy Colls, C. (2016). "Taboo and sensitive heritage: labour camps, burials and the role of activism in the Channel Islands." International Journal of Heritage Studies 22(9), DOI: 10.1080/13527258.2016.1191524.
Sturdy Colls, (2015). "Uncovering a Painful Past: Archaeology and the Holocaust." Conservation and Management of Archaeological Sites 17 (1) 38-55
Sturdy Colls, C. (2014), "Gone but not forgotten: Archaeological approaches to the landscape of the former extermination camp at Treblinka, Poland," Holocaust Studies and Materials.
Sturdy Colls, C. and Colls, K. (2013), "The Alderney Archaeological Research Project 2010-2012." Alderney Society Bulletin.
Sturdy Colls, C. (2013), "The Archaeology of the Holocaust." British Archaeology Nr 130, p. 50-53.
Sturdy Colls, C. (2012), "Holocaust Archaeology: Archaeological Approaches to Landscapes of Nazi Genocide and Persecution." Journal of Conflict Archaeology Nr 7(2), 71-105.
Sturdy Colls, C. (2012), "O tym, co minęło, lecz nie zostało zapomniane: Badania archeologiczne na terenie byłego obozu zagłady w Treblince." Zagłada Żydów. Studia i Materiały. Nr 8, 77-112.
References
Living people
1985 births
21st-century British women writers
British women historians
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
British women archaeologists
Killofin () is a civil parish in County Clare in Ireland. It contains the village of Labasheeda and is part of the Catholic parish of Kilmurry McMahon.
Location
The civil parish of Killofin is on the coast of the barony of Clonderalaw.
The name comes from the O'Finn family.
It is southwest of Kildysart.
It contains the village of Labasheeda.
The parish is and covers .
The parish covers the peninsula between the east coast of Clonderalaw bay and the Shannon Estuary.
Antiquities
As of 1897 the old church was in good condition, with a large churchyard.
Another old church dedicated to St. Kiaran, small and very old, stood in the townland of Kilkerin.
St. Kiaran's altar is to the east of this church, and has a cross sculptured on one of the stones.
The townland once called Knocknacross but now called Mountshannon West has a holy well dedicated to St. Kiaran.
There are the ruins of an old castle in Ballymacolman, or Colmanstown.
In 1580 it belonged to Teige MacMahon, of Clonderalaw.
As of 1841 there were 3,985 people in 605 houses, of whom 3,379 in 497 houses were in rural districts.
Townlands
Townlands of the civil parish of Killofin are Ballina, Ballyartney, Ballygeery East, Ballygeery West, Bohyodaun, Cloonarass, Cloonkeery East, Cloonkeery West, Colmanstown, Cullenagh, Kilkerin, Killofin, Knockphutteen, Lakyle North, Lakyle South, Mount Shannon East, Mount Shannon West and Slievedooley.
Church
The Catholic parish of Kilmurry McMahon, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe, combines the civil parishes of Kilmurry McMahon and Killofin.
The church of St. Ciarán's is in Labasheeda.
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
K. P.Basheer is the member of 14th Kerala Legislative Assembly. He is a member of hinduse and represents Ernad constituency.
Positions held
President, Edavanna Service Co-operative Bank (13 Years)
Muslim Youth League, Edavanna Panchayat (1985)
Muslim League, Wandoor Constituency (1990)
Vice-President, District Committee Muslim Youth League (1991)
Member, Muslim Youth League State Working Committee (1996)
Director (1991–98); Malappuram District Service Co-operative Bank (1991–98)
Member, District Panchayat (Since 2001), State Working Committee, Muslim League (since 2004)
Personal life
He was born at Edavanna on 25 September 1959. His parents are P. Seethi Haji and Fathima. He is married to Raziya Basheer and has three children.
See also
Bahauddeen Muhammed Jamaluddeen Nadwi
References
Members of the Kerala Legislative Assembly
Indian Union Muslim League politicians
1959 births
Living people
Lake Vernon is located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Yosemite National Park just north of Hetch Hetchy Valley. The surface elevation of the lake is . Due to the remote location of the lake, it is usually only accessed as a backpacking destination. The area surrounding the lake was once home to a band of Sierra Miwok Indians, and numerous artifacts can be found in the area. Lake Vernon is the source of Falls Creek, which feeds Wapama Falls.
See also
List of lakes in California
References
Lakes of Yosemite National Park
Lakes of Tuolumne County, California
Louis John Frederick Ashdown-Hill MBE FSA (5 April 1949 – 18 May 2018), commonly known as John Ashdown-Hill, was an independent historian and author of books on late medieval English history with a focus on the House of York and Richard III of England. Ashdown-Hill died on 18 May 2018 of motor neurone disease.
Education
University and polytechnic
HNC in History and French from Anglia Polytechnic
MA in Linguistics from University of Essex
PhD in medieval history from University of Essex
Granted an honorary second doctorate from University of Essex in July 2014, to acknowledge his key work both in local history and in the discovery of the remains of Richard III.
Early career
Ashdown-Hill taught languages including English, French, Spanish, Italian and modern Greek and also Classical civilisation in the UK, in Tunisia, in Spain and in Turkey, but eventually gave up teaching to focus on his historical research.
Career
In 2003 Ashdown-Hill was asked by colleagues in Belgium to seek the mitochondrial DNA sequence shared by Richard III of England and his brothers and sisters as one of them, Margaret of York, had died and was buried in what is now Belgium. He spent a year tracing an all-female line of descent from Richard III's eldest sister, Anne, to Joy Ibsen, a woman living in Canada. In 2005 he announced the discovery of the Mitochondrial DNA sequence of Richard III and his siblings, and in 2006 he gave a presentation on the subject of his DNA research to the Richard III Society in London, in the presence of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester.
In 2004 Ashdown-Hill was commissioned by the BBC to research a story that Richard III's remains had been thrown into the River Soar in Leicester. He concluded that the story was untrue.
In 2009 Philippa Langley invited Ashdown-Hill to lead a study day for the Scottish Branch of the Richard III Society, as a result of which the Looking for Richard project was formally founded at the Crammond Inn, Edinburgh.
In August 2012, after three years of work persuading the authorities in Leicester, the search for the lost remains of Richard III began with the excavation of the Social Services Department car park. On the first day of the dig (25 August 2012) bones which proved to be those of Richard III were found in the area predicted by Ashdown-Hill and Langley and several earlier researchers, such as David Baldwin. Subsequent DNA research and analysis by Turi King and her colleagues proved that the mtDNA of the bones matched the sequence from Richard III's mother's female descendants that Ashdown-Hill had identified in 2004.
On 5 September 2012, Ashdown-Hill had the honour of carrying the remains from the car park. He covered the box of bones with his modern copy of the House of Plantagenet Royal Standard.
On 2 March 2013 he was awarded Honorary Life Membership of the Richard III Society by Society President Phillip Stone.
In May 2014 Ashdown-Hill's key role in the finding of Richard III's remains was formally acknowledged by Heather Hallett and her colleagues in the High Court Judgement regarding the reburial of the king's remains.
Ashdown-Hill was awarded an MBE in the 2015 Queen's Birthday Honours for "services to historical research and the exhumation and identification of Richard III".
Ashdown-Hill died 18 May 2018 of motor neurone disease.
Other historical research
John Ashdown-Hill also carried out innovative research on the Plantagenet Y-chromosome, and on the mtDNA sequence of the Princes in the Tower.
Bibliography
Mediaeval Colchester's Lost Landmarks (2009)
Eleanor The Secret Queen: The Woman Who Put Richard III on the Throne (2009)
Richard III's Beloved Cousyn: John Howard and the House of York (2009)
The Last Days of Richard III (and the Fate of His DNA) (first published 2010, fully revised and updated edition 2013)
Royal Marriage Secrets: Consorts and Concubines, Bigamists and Bastards (2013)
The Third Plantagenet: George, Duke of Clarence, Richard III's Brother (2014)
The Dublin King: The True Story of Lambert Simnel and the Princes in the Tower (2015)
The Mythology of Richard III (2015)
The Wars of the Roses (2015)
The Private Life of Edward IV (2016)
Cecily Neville: Mother of Richard III (2018)
The Poetry Of John Ashdown-Hill (2018) C S Hughes, ed.
The Mythology of the "Princes in the Tower" (2018)
The Pink Queen: Edward IV's Chief Mistress (2019)
Contributor
References
External links
Official site
1949 births
2018 deaths
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Alumni of the University of Essex
Historians of England
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
British male writers
People from London
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Deaths from motor neuron disease
Neurological disease deaths in the United Kingdom
Robert F. Spetzler (born 1944) is a neurosurgeon and the J.N. Harber Chairman Emeritus of Neurological Surgery and director emeritus of the Barrow Neurological Institute in Phoenix, Arizona. He retired as an active neurosurgeon in July 2017. He is also Professor of Surgery, Section of Neurosurgery, at the University of Arizona College of Medicine in Tucson, Arizona.
Spetzler specialized in cerebrovascular disease and skull base tumors. Extremely prolific, he has published more than 580 articles and 180 book chapters and has co-edited multiple neurosurgical textbooks, including The Color Atlas of Microneurosurgery (2000). He retired from surgery in July 2019.
Biography
Spetzler was born in Stierhöfstetten (Oberscheinfeld, near Würzburg) in Germany to where his parents had been evacuated due to the Second World War. When he was 11, he moved with his parents to the United States. He performed spectacularly in the American school system, despite the fact his first language was German.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in 1967 from Knox College in Galesburg, Illinois after attending a year of community college in Illinois. He spent a year at the Free University of Berlin, and then entered medical school at the Northwestern Medical School in Chicago in 1967, receiving his M.D. in 1971. He completed post-graduate training at Wesley Memorial Hospital–Northwestern and a residency in neurosurgery at the University of California, San Francisco, training under Charles B. Wilson. In 1983, Spetzler was named Chair of the Division of Neurological Surgery at Barrow Neurological Institute. He was named director in 1986.
Spetzler played a dominant role in the use of the standstill operation in treating large or dangerous cerebral aneurysms. One notable application of this method occurred in 1991 when Spetzler successfully removed a large aneurysm in a 35-year-old American woman named Pam Reynolds. Prior to the operation proceeding, Reynolds was placed under general anesthesia, then had her eyes taped shut and a monitoring device placed in both of her ears. She was later induced into clinical death by Spetzler and his team, which was necessary for the operation to take place. Despite being clinically dead and under intense monitoring and medical observation whilst the procedure was ongoing, Reynolds claimed to have had a profound near-death experience in which she was able to accurately recall the sequence of events within the operating theater, the surgical instruments used, and the conversations that had taken place. In an interview that took place for a BBC documentary in 2002, Spetzler affirmed many of the observations that Pam had made and later admitted that he had no explanation for them. In February 2007, Spetzler performed his 5,000th aneurysm procedure. He travels and lectures frequently on the most recent advances in neurosurgery. After 30 years at the Barrow, Dr. Spetzler retired in July 2019, with Michael T. Lawton as his successor.
Awards
1977, Annual Resident Award, 27th Annual Meeting of the Congress of Neurological Surgeons
1994, Honored Guest, Congress of Neurological Surgeons (the youngest surgeon to be so honored)
1999, Herbert Olivecrona Award, the "Nobel Prize of Neurosurgery"
2004, Honored Guest, 4th International Skull Base Congress
2009, William B. Scoville Award
2010, Founder's Laurel, Congress of Neurological Surgeons
Selected publications
Spetzler has written more than 300 articles and 180 book chapters, as well as co-editing multiple neurosurgical textbooks. A partial list is below:
Books
Surgery of the Cerebellopontine Angle. Nicholas C. Bambakidis (Author), Cliff A. Megerian (Author), Robert F. Spetzler (Author). Pmph USA; 2009.
Medicine, Miracles, and Manifestations: A Doctor's Journey Through the Worlds of Divine Intervention, Near-Death Experiences, and Universal Energy. John L. Turner (Author), Robert F. Spetzler (Foreword). Career Press; 2009.
The Color Atlas of Microneurosurgery W. Koos (Author), Robert Spetzler (Author), Johannes Lang (Author), J. Zabramski (Author), Robert F. Spetzler (Author), Joseph M. Zabramski (Author). Thieme; 2000. .
Pediatric Neurovascular Disease: Surgical, Endovascular and Medical Management. Michael Alexander (Editor), Robert Spetzler (Editor). Thieme; 2005.
Articles
Contralateral interhemispheric approach to deep-seated cavernous malformations: surgical considerations and clinical outcomes in 31 consecutive cases. Zaidi HA, Chowdhry SA, Nakaji P, Abla AA, Spetzler RF. Neurosurgery. 2014 Jul;75(1):80-6.
The Anatomy of the Callosomarginal Artery: Applications to Microsurgery and Endovascular Surgery. Cavalcanti DD, Albuquerque FC, Silva BF, Spetzler RF, Preul MC. Neurosurgery. 28 January 2010.
Safety of carotid endarterectomy while on clopidogrel (Plavix). Wait SD, Abla AA, Killory BD, Starke RM, Spetzler RF, Nakaji P. J Neurosurg. 29 January 2010.
Miniaturized handheld confocal microscopy for neurosurgery: results in an experimental glioblastoma model. Sankar T, Delaney PM, Ryan RW, Eschbacher J, Abdelwahab M, Nakaji P, Coons SW, Scheck AC, Smith KA, Spetzler RF, Preul MC. Neurosurgery. 2010 Feb;66(2):410-7; discussion 417-8.
Cerebral cavernous malformations. Incidence and familial occurrence. Rigamonti D, Hadley MN, Drayer BP, Johnson PC, Hoenig-Rigamonti K, Knight JT, Spetzler RF. N Engl J Med. 11 August 1988;319(6):343-7.
Preliminary personal experiences with the application of near-infrared indocyanine green videoangiography in extracranial vertebral artery surgery. Bruneau M, Sauvageau E, Nakaji P, Vandesteene A, Lubicz B, Chang SW, Balériaux D, Brotchi J, De Witte O, Spetzler RF. Neurosurgery. 2010 Feb;66(2):305-11; discussion 311.
Using ex vivo proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy to reveal associations between biochemical and biological features of meningiomas. Pfisterer WK, Nieman RA, Scheck AC, Coons SW, Spetzler RF, Preul MC. Neurosurg Focus. 2010 Jan;28(1):E12.
Supracerebellar infratentorial approach to cavernous malformations of the brainstem: surgical variants and clinical experience with 45 patients. de Oliveira JG, Lekovic GP, Safavi-Abbasi S, Reis CV, Hanel RA, Porter RW, Preul MC, Spetzler RF. Neurosurgery. 2010 Feb;66(2):389-99.
References
External links
Biography at Barrow Neurological Institute
American neurosurgeons
Knox College (Illinois) alumni
Living people
1944 births
The 1999 Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 6 May 1999 to elect members of Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council in England. This election was held on the same day as other local elections.
After the election, the composition of the council was:
Election results
Overall election result
Overall result compared with 1998.
Ward results
Bebington
Bidston
Birkenhead
Bromborough
Clatterbridge
Claughton
Eastham
Egerton
Heswall
Hoylake
Leasowe
Liscard
Moreton
New Brighton
Oxton
Prenton
Royden
Seacombe
Thurstaston
Tranmere
Upton
Wallasey
Notes
• italics denote the sitting councillor • bold denotes the winning candidate
References
1999 English local elections
1999
1990s in Merseyside
Jessie Inchauspé (born 1992) is a French biochemist and author. She writes about the importance of balancing one's blood sugar for optimal health.
Early life and education
Inchauspé was born in 1992. She holds a bachelor's degree in Mathematics from King's College London, and a master's degree in Biochemistry from Georgetown University.
An accident in which she broke her back at age 19 led her to be interested in health.
Career
She worked at the genetics start-up 23andMe as product lead. In 2019, she started the @glucosegoddess Instagram account on which she shared graphs made from her own continuous glucose monitor data to illustrate nutritional science.
Published in April 2022, Glucose Revolution is Inchauspé's first book. It is a Wall Street Journal bestseller and became an international bestseller. It is translated into 30+ languages. In it, Inchauspé shares the importance of glucose regulation for all aspects of our health, and science-backed tips to manage it.
Works by Jessie Inchauspé
Glucose Revolution: The Life-Changing Power of Balancing Your Blood Sugar. New York: Simon & Schuster (2022). ISBN 1982179414
Personal life
Inchauspé lives in New York City.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
French biochemists
French women biologists
French women chemists
21st-century French chemists
21st-century French non-fiction writers
French health and wellness writers
French women non-fiction writers
Alumni of King's College London
Georgetown University alumni
People with diabetes
Writers from New York City
French expatriates in the United States
Diet food writers
1992 births
2,6-Dichloroaniline is an organic compound with the formula C6H3Cl2(NH2). It is one of several isomers of dichloroaniline. It is a colorless or white solid. Derivatives include the drugs clonidine and diclofenac.
Preparation
It is produced by hydrogenation of 2,6-dichloronitrobenzene.
In the laboratory, it can be prepared by halogenation of sulfanilamide followed by desulfonation.
References
Anilines
The Inheritor is a 1930 mystery novel by the British writer E.F. Benson, best known as the author of the Mapp and Lucia series. Like his earlier 1901 novel The Luck of the Vails it revolves around a curse plaguing a wealthy family. While that had downplayed the supernatural elements in favour of a crime approach The Inheritor, one of his final works, was more ambiguous.
Synopsis
A long-standing curse hangs over the Gervase family for generations, but unexpectedly the current heir Cambridge University student Stephen Gervase appears normal and untouched by the spell.
References
Bibliography
Joshi, S. T. Icons of Horror and the Supernatural: An Encyclopaedia of Our Worst Nightmares, Volume 1. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2007.
Masters, Brian. The Life of E.F. Benson. Chatto & Windus, 1991.
Palmer, Geoffrey & Lloyd, Noel. E.F. Benson - As He Was. Lennard, 1988.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1930 British novels
British mystery novels
Novels set in Cambridge
Novels set in Cornwall
Novels by E. F. Benson
Hutchinson (publisher) books
Doubleday, Doran books
Balloonomania was a strong public interest or fad in balloons that originated in France in the late 18th century and continued into the 19th century, during the advent of balloon flights. The interest began with the first flights of the Montgolfier brothers in 1783 (in a balloon inflated with hot air). Soon afterwards Jacques Alexandre César Charles flew another type of balloon (inflated with hydrogen) and both types of balloon were in use from then on. The fad quickly spread in France and across the channel in England.
Origins
The science of lighter-than-air gases, and specifically the properties of oxygen, had been discovered as early as 1774 by Joseph Priestley, who noted its lightness and explosive qualities when heated. The chemistry of lighter-than-air and heated gasses was eventually put to the test by the Montgolfier brothers, two paper manufacturers in France, while experimenting with heated air caught in paper bags.
Balloonomania saw its true origins, however, in the very first public balloon flight on June 4, 1783, with the launching of a large unmanned paper balloon (inflated with hot air) in the countryside near Annonay. The balloon, which had been constructed by the Mongolfier brothers, was thirty feet tall, made of paper and appears to have been intended as an advertising gimmick for the Montgolfier's paper manufacturing company. It was effective, as it drew an enormous crowd of onlookers.
Later balloonists such as Jean-Pierre Blanchard and Vincent Lunardi exploited this wonder at the novelty of balloons to draw large crowds and gain personal fame, Lunardi going so far as to proclaim himself an “idol of the whole nation [of England]” in a letter to his guardian.
Effect on society
Public responses
Early ballooning was met with mixed responses. Crowds of hundreds or thousands of enthusiastic onlookers would turn out for a balloon launch, even threatening to riot if the launch was delayed. Some, however, were not quite as impressed, as shown by the events of August 27, 1783 when professor Jacques Alexandre César Charles, who had been commissioned to build a rival balloon to the Montgolfier's version using hydrogen, launched his balloon from the Champ de Mars before a large crowd including American scientist Benjamin Franklin. The balloon travelled for “forty-five minutes and fifteen miles to the village of Genoesse, where it was attacked by frightened peasants on landing.”
Regardless of these negative reactions, which were not in the majority, ballooning quickly caught the imagination of the general populace, with a crowd of up to 400,000 clamoring to see Jacques Charles make a manned ascent in Paris on December 1, 1783. Both Blanchard and Lunardi became famous for their ballooning stunts, with Blanchard and his companion Dr. John Jeffries being the first to cross the English channel in a balloon on January 7, 1785.
Academic and scientific responses
The public reaction among intellectuals and academics was generally cooler, with some critics of balloonomania including the likes of Sir Joseph Banks and Samuel Johnson, who wrote in a 1783 letter to Hester Thrale, who had inquired about the nature of balloons, “Happy are you, Madam, that have ease and leisure to want intelligence of air balloons. Their existence is, I believe, indubitable, but I know not that they can possibly be of any use.”
Sir Joseph Banks, a prominent natural scientist wrote that he was skeptical of the utility of balloons, though he recognized the revolutionary science behind it: “I see an inclination in the more respectable part of the Royal Society to guard against the Ballomania until some experiment like to prove beneficial either to society or to science is proposed.” However, both men and other scientists and academics would express some personal interest in ballooning, and suggest possible practical purposes, with Banks originally suggesting that perhaps balloons could be used as a way of counterbalancing the weight of a cart or coach, making them easier to move over the ground. Even Johnson recognized the potential for exploration, stating, "How easily shall we trace the Nile through all its passages; pass over to distant regions and examine the face of nature, from one extremity of the Earth to the other."
Blanchard's companion Dr. John Jeffries considered ballooning to be a major part of an exploration of the secrets of flight, the nature of the upper atmosphere, and the formation of weather, and took instruments such as a mercury barometer, a thermometer, a hydrometer and an electrometer to take different measurements of the upper atmosphere.
There were other positive scientific responses, as well. Upon receiving a letter from a friend chronicling a balloon flight, the astronomer William Herschel began to think of balloons as possibly useful for observation, as they might carry telescopes into the upper air, where it was clearer. This idea would eventually evolve into sending telescopes into orbit.
Collectibles and cartoons
At its peak, balloonomania triggered a revolution in souvenirs and collectibles, with balloons being featured on “plates, cups, clocks, ivory draughts pieces, snuffboxes, bracelets, tobacco pipes, hairclips, tiepins, even a porcelain bidet with a balloon design painted on the interior." These collectibles proved to be enormously popular among the French populace, starting in the winter of 1783. With the rise of public interest in ballooning, they soon became the subjects of mockery. "Many sexually suggestive cartoons soon appeared: the inevitable balloon-breasted girls lifted off their feet, monstrous aeronauts inflated by gas enemas, or ‘inflammable' women carrying men off into the clouds.”
Literature
Balloonomania, merely as a novelty, served as the inspiration for various poets, such as Edward Nares, author of the Ballooniad, a street ballad about ballooning, which mentioned the notion of flying to the moon.
Balloonomania would exert a pull on the imaginations of some of the Romantic poets as well. Ballooning appealed to Romantic writer's ideas of the sublime, such as Samuel Taylor Coleridge, who wrote of balloons as being “an image of human longing and inspiration, both uplifting and terrifying” and William Wordsworth, who opened the poem “Peter Bell” with the image of a balloon boat:
Their point was not lost on the balloonists themselves, as Dr. Alexandre Charles found himself making the first solo voyage in a balloon (inflated with hydrogen) on December 1, 1783, an unplanned accident after Dr. Charles' companion stepped out of the balloon, which then relaunched itself with only Charles inside. He wrote, "Never has a man felt so solitary, so sublime-and so utterly terrified." Dr. Charles never went up in a balloon again.
Percy Shelley also wrote of balloons, saying, “It would seem a mere toy, a feather, in comparison with the splendid anticipations of the philosophical chemist. Yet it ought not to be altogether condemned, It promises prodigious faculties for locomotion, and will allow us to traverse vast tracts with ease and rapidity, and to explore unknown countries without difficulty. Why are we so ignorant of the interior of Africa?—Why do we not dispatch intrepid aeronauts to cross it in every direction and to survey the whole peninsula in a few weeks? The shadow of the first balloon… as it glided over that unhappy country, would virtually emancipate every slave, and would annihilate slavery forever.”
Shelley also wrote a sonnet entitled “To a balloon, laden with Knowledge” which reads:
Balloonomania was not universal amongst the Romantic poets, however. In contrast to Coleridge, Wordsworth and Shelley, William Blake mocked and satirized the idea of manned flight in his unfinished prose work “An Island in the Moon”
Even after the end of the Romantic period, Balloonomania continued to have an effect on later literary work, including on the early science fiction writer Jules Verne who wrote the book Five Weeks in a Balloon in 1863, about the ballooning adventures of two explorers and their manservant in Africa.
Military
The military applications of balloons were recognized early, with Joseph Montgolfier jokingly suggesting in 1782 that the French could fly an entire army suspended underneath hundreds of paper bags into Gibraltar to seize it from the British.
Military leaders and political leaders soon began to see a more practical potential for balloons to be used in warfare; specifically in the role of reconnaissance. The first recorded use of a balloon in warfare was the deployment of a balloon called L'Entrepremant by the French at the battle of Fleurus in 1794, which resulted in a French victory over a coalition of British and Austrian forces.
After that victory, Napoleon started an air balloon corps based in Meudon, and there were fears in England of an aerial invasion, though this never came to pass. Napoleon took his balloon corps to Egypt in 1798, but their equipment was destroyed by Horatio Nelson at the Battle of Aboukir, and Napoleon disbanded his balloon corps in 1799.
Balloons would later be used in the American Civil War for reconnaissance and directing artillery barrages on foes that were out of view of the artillerymen on the ground.
Notes
See also
Bike boom
Canal mania
Railway mania
References
History of aviation
Ballooning
Mania
1790s in transport
Krešimir Kordić (born 3 September 1981) is a Croatian retired football player.
Club career
Kordić made his professional debut for boyhood and hometown club Zrinjski Mostar in 1999. In his first two seasons as a professional, the striker scored 16 goals in 43 appearances, earning himself a move to 1. HNL side Hrvatski Dragovoljac in January 2002. After six months with NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac where Krešimir failed to establish himself as a first team regular, he moved to Croatian side Zadar. In three years with Zadar, Kordić managed seven goals in 32 appearances.
In 2005, Kordić made his return to Mostar, resigning with HŠK Zrinjski Mostar. His spell at Zrinjski was very successful, scoring 21 goals in 44 games. In 2007, Kordić moved to fellow Croatian - Hercegovinian side Posušje and had another successful season. After just one year with Posušje, Kordić moved back to Zrinjski and scored 33 goals in 71 games over the next two seasons.
In 2010, Kordic made his first international transfer, moving to Slovak side Slovan Bratislava. Kordic won the Corgoň liga and Slovak Cup in his first season with the Slovak club and scored 5 goals in 20 games. Before the end of his contract with Slovan Bratislava he was loaned out to DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda in 2012 and spent three months there.
Once his contract with Slovan expired, Široki Brijeg enticed him back to Bosnia and Herzegovina and he signed a two-year contract. He scored 25 goals in 63 games in national and continental competitions for Široki.
In the summer of 2014, newly crowned champions of Bosnia and Hercegovina Zrinjski Mostar brought back the fan favourite as their first reinforcement. The last season of his contract, he won third championship with Zrinjski.
He scored the most goals (75) in Zrijnski's history and he is currently on the fourth (4) place of Bosnian Premier league topscorers from beginning scoring 84 goals. Also he is one of successful players from Bosnia and Herzegovina winning 4 national championships and 2 cups.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Club
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar
Bosnian Premier League: 2004–05, 2008-09, 2015–16
ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Fortuna Liga: 2010–11,
Slovak Cup: 2010–11,
NK Široki Brijeg
Bosnia-Herzegovina Cup: 2012–13
Individual
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar Top Goalscorer (5) : 2000-01, 2005–06, 2006–07, 2008–09, 2009–10
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar Player of the Season 2008–09 by supporters
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar all time XI
NK Široki Brijeg Top Goalscorer : 2012/13
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina Team of the Year (3): 2007, 2009, 2013
Third highest scorer in Bosnia and Herzegovina in all competitions of all time with 112 goals
Fifth highest Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina scorer of all time with 83 goals
Records
Record Bosnia-Herzegovina Cup scorer of all time with 30 goals
External links
Krešimir Kordić profile
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mostar
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Association football forwards
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Croatian Football League players
HNK Hajduk Split players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac players
NK Zadar players
HŠK Posušje players
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Slovak Super Liga players
ŠK Slovan Bratislava players
FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda players
NK Široki Brijeg players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
The 2003 DFB-Ligapokal was the seventh edition of the DFB-Ligapokal. It was won by Hamburger SV, who beat Borussia Dortmund 4–2 in the final, securing their first title.
Participating clubs
A total of six teams qualified for the competition. The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:
1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc.: League position
CW: Cup winners
TH: titleholders
Notes
Matches
Preliminary round
Semi-finals
Final
References
2003
Ligapokal
Ypsolopha arizonella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona.
The wingspan is about 22 mm.
The antennae are dark brown. The labial palpi are light brown on the inside and strongly mottled with blackish scales on the outside. The tuft on the second joint is small, while the terminal joint is thickened with rough scales anteriorly. The head and thorax are light ochreous brown. The ground color of the forewings is rather light brown, but thickly overlaid on the costal three fourths with deep brown and dark purple scales, obscuring the ground color except along the dorsal edge. The hindwings are silvery fuscous and the legs are dark purplish fuscous.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Geronimo Stilton (also known as The New Adventures of Geronimo Stilton in season 3) is an animated children's television series based on the book series of the same name. The series debuted on Rai 2 in Italy on September 15, 2009.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Notes
References
Lists of American children's animated television series episodes
Lists of French animated television series episodes
Lists of Italian animated television series episodes
The Pecos Wilderness is a protected wilderness area within the Santa Fe National Forest and Carson National Forest. The Pecos Wilderness lies within the Camino Real Ranger District of the Carson National Forest, and the Pecos Ranger District and Espanola Ranger District of the Santa Fe National Forest.
The Pecos Wilderness includes the southernmost extension of the Rocky Mountains in the sub-range of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of north central New Mexico. One trail head for the wilderness is only 15 miles by road from Santa Fe, the state capital. Covering an area of (350 sq mi) it is the second largest wilderness in the state after the Gila Wilderness. An area of fewer than was given wilderness protection by Congress in 1964. Congress protected an additional in 1980. The Wilderness boasts one of the highest concentrations of peaks exceeding in elevation in New Mexico, including Santa Fe Baldy, , the highest point in Santa Fe County, and South Truchas Peak, , the second highest peak in the state.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles. Camping and fishing are allowed with proper permit, but no roads, buildings, logging or mining are permitted. Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas allow hunting in season.
History
Little archaeological or historical research has been conducted within the Pecos Wilderness. However, researchers have found artifacts dating back to the Paleo-Indian Period (7,000-6,000 B.C). Most artifacts found date back to the late Archaic period (900 B.C-400 A.D). These items have been dated back to late pueblo and Anasazi times. Ultimately, none of the sites surveyed display proof of long-term occupation. It is thought that use by indigenous people was seasonal and temporary. Groups would hunt and gather in the mountains during the summer months and return to lower elevations in the winter. The first known occupation of the Pecos Wilderness began in 1598 with the colonization by Spain. During the next 200 years, they would push into the fertile lands that flanked the Sangre de Cristo Mountain range. New Mexico was annexed to the United States following the Mexican war of 1846. In 1875 mineral prospecting began. George Beatty was an early pioneer who built a cabin at the junction of the Pecos River and the Rito del Padre. Beatty flats are named after him.
Environment
The high altitude of the Pecos provides a cool change from the lower deserts and brushlands. Temperatures vary with season and elevation. Summer daytime temperatures average 70 °F, dropping to lows of 30 °F at nighttime. Fall and springtime highs range from the 50s to lows in the teens. Winter temperatures below 0° are not uncommon. May and June are usually dry months, and July and August typically come with showers and thunderstorms. Annual precipitation is from 35 to 40 inches. About half comes during summer and half in winter.
The Pecos Wilderness is made up of deep and narrow canyons, long and broad mesa tops, heavily forested slopes, and rugged ridges with peaks above timberline characterize the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of the Pecos Wilderness. This small mountain chain occupies the extreme southern extent of the Rocky Mountains.
Fifteen lakes across the Pecos offer fishing and fly fishing to locals, tourists, and natives. The Pecos has around 150 miles of streams holding rainbow trout, brown trout, and cutthroat trout.
The scenery ranges from 100-foot waterfalls and crumbled talus slopes to dramatic cliff rocks, towering peaks, and wildflower meadows.
Topography
The Pecos Wilderness is a heavily forested, high-elevation and rugged mountain land, ranging from 8,400 feet to over 13,000 feet. Truchas Peak, at 13,103 feet, is the second highest point in New Mexico. River valleys and streams are separated by long, broad mesas. The Sangre de Cristo Mountains run northeast to southwest across the wilderness, separating broad mesas to the east from rugged canyons and ridges to the west.
Wildlife
The forest of the wilderness consists of Engelmann spruce, corkbark fir, ponderosa pine, Douglas fir, white fir, limber pine, bristlecone pine, and aspen trees. In addition to the various types of trees, the Pecos has a diverse wildlife. Elk, deer, coyotes, bear, turkey, squirrels, beavers, and a herd of Rocky Mountain bighorn sheep, are found in the Pecos region. Furthermore, there is a bird population made up of white-tailed ptarmigan, blue grouse, Steller's jay, raven, raptors and a variety of different species of hummingbirds and woodpeckers.
Reference list
External links
Forest service page about Pecos Wilderness
Wilderness areas of New Mexico
Protected areas of Mora County, New Mexico
Protected areas of Rio Arriba County, New Mexico
Protected areas of San Miguel County, New Mexico
Protected areas of Santa Fe County, New Mexico
Protected areas of Taos County, New Mexico
National Forests of the Rocky Mountains
IUCN Category Ib
Carson National Forest
Santa Fe National Forest
Sangre de Cristo Mountains
Pecos River
Protected areas established in 1980
1980 establishments in New Mexico
Bernard Dumont (January 15, 1927 – September 25, 1974) was a politician in Quebec, Canada. He was a member of the House of Commons of Canada and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec.
Dumont was born near Lévis, Quebec. He served as mayor of Saint-Vallier, Quebec from 1959 to 1962. He was first elected to Parliament under the Social Credit banner in the district of Bellechasse in the 1962 federal election, but was defeated by Liberal candidate Herman Laverdière the next year. He ran and lost as an independent in a 1964 by-election in the district of Dorchester. and in the 1965 election as a candidate of the Ralliement des créditistes in Bellechasse once again.
Dumont returned to Parliament as the member for Frontenac in the 1968 election. He resigned on April 6, 1970 to enter provincial politics. That year, he ran successfully as a candidate of the provincial Ralliement créditiste in the district of Mégantic.
During Dumont's time in the National Assembly, the Ralliement was plagued by internal divisions. Most of the Créditiste MNAs withdrew their support from leader Camil Samson and gathered under Armand Bois until a new leader was chosen at a convention; Dumont was one of three MNAs who remained loyal to Samson. Eventually, the Samson faction re-joined the party and Yvon Dupuis was chosen as leader. In the 1973 election, Dumont was defeated in the district of Frontenac.
Dumont ran once more for the federal Parliament as an independent in the district of Rivière-du-Loup—Témiscouata in the 1974 election and finished a distant fourth. He died later that year.
Like many other Créditistes, Dumont was a vocal opponent of abortion. During a 1969 debate on liberalizing Canada's abortion laws, he was quoted as saying, "As Christians we cannot accept the theory that life only begins at birth."
References
See also
History of Quebec
1927 births
1974 deaths
Ralliement créditiste du Québec MNAs
Social Credit Party of Canada MPs
Majewski (feminine: Majewska; plural: Majewscy) is a surname. It is derived from Polish place names such as Majewo and the Polish word for the month of May (maj). It is related to surnames in several other languages.
People
Majewski, Majewska
Adam Majewski, Polish footballer
Alicja Majewska (born 1948), Polish singer
Andrzej Majewski (born 1966), Polish aphorist and writer
Arnold Majewski (1892–1942), Finnish soldier of Polish descent
Bartosz Majewski (born 1987), Polish modern pentathlete
Chester P. Majewski (1928–1983), American lawyer and politician
Ewa Majewska (born 1978), Polish philosopher and activist
Francisco Majewski (1939–2012), Uruguayan footballer
Gary Majewski (born 1980), American baseball player
Hans-Martin Majewski (1911–1997), German film composer
Janusz Majewski (born 1931), Polish film director
Janusz Majewski (born 1940), Polish fencer
Lech Majewski (born 1953), Polish-American director and writer
Magdalena Majewska (born 1963), Polish journalist
Malgosia Majewska (born 1981),
Michał Majewski, Polish fencer
Neil Majewski (born 1954), Australian cricketer
Radosław Majewski (born 1986), Polish footballer
Stefan Majewski (born 1956), Polish football player and manager
Szymon Majewski (born 1967), Polish journalist and entertainer
Tomasz Majewski (born 1981), Polish shot putter
Val Majewski (born 1981), American baseball player
Mayevsky, Mayevskaya, Maevsky, and other forms
Anna Mayevskaya, Soviet luger
Dmitry Maevsky (1917–1992), Russian painter
Ivan Mayewski (born 1988), Belarusian footballer
Konstantin Mayevsky (born 1979), Russian futsal player
Vladimir May-Mayevsky (1867–1920), Russian general
See also
DPP v Majewski, English criminal law case
Majewski's polydactyly syndrome, form of neonatal dwarfism
References
Further reading
Grosvald, Sara. Antisemitism. An Annotated Bibliography. (DeGruyter, 2007)
Polish-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Kingston was an electoral riding in Ontario, Canada. It was created in 1867 at the time of confederation and was abolished in 1966 before the 1967 election.
Members of Provincial Parliament
References
Former provincial electoral districts of Ontario
William H. Lawrence (January 29, 1916 – March 2, 1972) was an American journalist and television news personality whose 40-year career as a reporter began in 1932 and included a 20-year stint (1941–61) with The New York Times, for which he reported from major fronts of World War II, Korean War and, subsequently, as the newspaper's White House correspondent. In 1961 he joined ABC News where, for nearly 11 years, he served as the network's political affairs editor and, during his first year, as an evening news anchorman.
Background
A native Nebraskan, Lawrence was born in the state capital, Lincoln, and briefly attended the city's University of Nebraska.
Career
Lawrence dropped out of college to join hometown newspaper the Lincoln Star as a 17-year-old cub reporter.
Newswires
In 1935, at the age of 19, he moved to the Associated Press and, two years later, to the United Press. The first major assignment he covered for UP was the 1936–37 Flint Sit-Down Strike against General Motors and, having won plaudits for his reporting, was reassigned to Washington.
New York Times
At the beginning of 1941, Arthur Krock, Washington bureau chief of The New York Times, was impressed so by his assertiveness in ferreting out news that he offered Lawrence a position as one of the bureau's reporters. In his twenty years with The Times, the 1940s byline, "By William H. Lawrence" and, in the 1950s and 1960–61, "By W. H. Lawrence" appeared over coverage from World War II, the Korean War and the Cold War. His battlefront reporting took him to Okinawa, Guam, Japan and Moscow, where he was assigned as a war correspondent in 1943 and, during the immediate postwar period, continued to file stories from such diverse locations as Poland, the Balkans and South America. In January 1944, he was part of the delegation of Western correspondents who visited the graves in Katyn forest at the invitation of the Soviets. Between 1950 and 1953, he spent months in Korea covering the war and interviewing soldiers in a series of personal human interest articles which appeared in The Times.
In 1959 he served as president of the National Press Club and appeared in an episode of the United States Army television documentary series The Big Picture where he was first shown in a film clip introducing General Maxwell D. Taylor who, in June, made a speech to the Club on the occasion of his retirement as Army Chief of Staff. In the following segment, The Big Picture host, Master Sergeant Stuart Queen, asked Lawrence to recount his Korean War experiences from nine years earlier, during the September 1950 Battle of Inchon and Second Battle of Seoul, as well as the individual and private face of war that he saw by remaining alongside the common fighting man. By 1959, as in the two preceding years, the great majority of Lawrence's efforts were devoted to the Washington political scene, with almost all of the stories appearing on the front page, including the final one he wrote for The Times, datelined May 26, 1961.
ABC News
In May 1961, James Hagerty, who served as United States President Dwight D. Eisenhower's Press Secretary and, immediately upon the end of the Eisenhower administration, filled John Daly's vacated position as vice-president in charge of ABC's low-rated news operation, offered Lawrence, whom he knew well from Lawrence's time as White House correspondent, a top-level position at the news department. His first assignment as ABC's chief news analyst was to accompany Hagerty on a European trip to cover President John F. Kennedy's first overseas visit as Chief Executive. Within the course of his first months with the network, since Hagerty would not take over Daly's other position, that of anchorman for ABC's evening news, Lawrence, on September 25, joined newscaster Al Mann and former NBC anchorman John Cameron Swayze in a new three-anchor team to replace Bill Shadel who had been serving as the ABC Evening Report anchorman since Daly's November 16, 1960 resignation, and final broadcast on December 16, after seven years in the post. The anchor team, however, proved unsuccessful, and, following their last broadcast six months later, on March 22, 1962, ABC returned to the single-anchorman concept with Ron Cochran at the helm of ABC Evening Report until his replacement by 26-year-old Canadian Peter Jennings on February 1, 1965.
In the aftermath of his brief stint as co-anchor, Bill Lawrence, as he was exclusively known at ABC, became preoccupied with his duties as the news department's political editor and, in the days following the November 1968 presidential election, national affairs editor. The face of the network's political coverage, he frequently hosted or appeared on its Sunday morning news interview program, Issues and Answers and was continually visible during primaries, conventions and elections to the extent that his coverage of the 1964 Presidential election won him the Peabody Award for "Outstanding Reportorial Work". In 1966, almost two years before United States President Lyndon B. Johnson made his "I shall not seek and will not accept my party's nomination" speech of March 31, 1968, he was the sole major news analyst to predict that the president would not run.
In 1968 Lawrence was diagnosed with pulmonary edema, which caused his lungs to fill with fluid and put a strain on his heart. His colleagues became aware of the condition when he collapsed at his desk immediately following one of the broadcasts from the 1968 Republican National Convention in Miami Beach. Quickly recovering, he was able to continue working during his remaining three-and-a-half years and, as a sports fan, also began covering some athletic events and even personally served as the commentator for ABC's coverage of the 1969 World Series. He was also a skilled moderator of political debates and traveled around the country in such capacity. During ABC's coverage of the 1970 midterm elections, he served as national affairs editor alongside anchors Howard K. Smith and Frank Reynolds.
In March 1971, with the following year's presidential elections looming on the horizon, Lawrence requested a reduced workload, with a partial leave of absence, to finish his autobiography. While fulfilling occasional major assignments, such as a rare primetime interview with Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger on July 5, he did not return full-time until October, when a resumption of his busy schedule covering the presidential campaign continued through February 1972 and a trip to New Hampshire as ABC's reporter detailing the crucial presidential primary race between early favorite, Senator Edmund Muskie and his strong challenger, Senator George McGovern.
Five weeks earlier, around the time of his 56th birthday on January 29, Lawrence and ABC Evening News co-anchor, Howard K. Smith, filmed a few scenes for The Man, the made-for-TV-but-released-to-theaters feature-film version of Irving Wallace's bestselling 1964 eponymous novel, The Man. In this multi-plot story of an African-American political figure who, while serving as President pro tempore of the Senate, suddenly succeeds to the Presidency, the two top national newscasters play fictional versions of themselves in brief segments which show them delivering the news of and discussing the world-shaking event. The film ultimately opened in July, four-and-a-half months after Lawrence's death.
Personal life and death
Bill Lawrence and his first wife, Elizabeth Currie, were the parents of two children, William and Ann. Following divorce, he married Constance MacGregor, with that marriage also ending in divorce. The autobiography, Six Presidents, Too Many Wars, which recounted his coverage of the administrations of Presidents Roosevelt, Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson and Nixon as well as of the combat in World War II, Korea and Vietnam in addition to myriad other international conflicts, was published shortly before the presidential election. In his October 1, 1972 review for The New York Times Sunday Book Section, critic Gerald W. Johnson, noted that "Bill was recalcitrant. Popular idols were not his dish. His book, in fact, is tonic at a moment when the impression is widespread that conformity is the curse of the writing classes."
On March 2, 1972, five days before the vote, he suffered a heart attack at the Wayfarer Motor Inn in Bedford, a suburb of the state's largest city, Manchester, and was dead on arrival at Manchester's Notre Dame Hospital.
Awards
1965: Peabody Award
1972: Trustees Award at the 1972 Emmy Awards (posthumous)
References
External links
Bill Lawrence comments on Massachusetts Senator Edward M. Kennedy's speech at the Democratic National Convention. ABC Evening News for Wednesday, August 21, 1968
Bill Lawrence comments on speech by President Richard Nixon. ABC Evening News for Wednesday, March 5, 1969
Bill Lawrence comments on President Richard Nixon's Vietnam policy. ABC Evening News for Monday, November 23, 1970
Bill Lawrence reports on mounting criticism of President Richard Nixon's bombing of North Vietnam. ABC Evening News for Wednesday, December 29, 1971
ABC News anchorman Howard K. Smith reports on the death of his colleague, Bill Lawrence. Final segment on ABC Evening News for Friday, March 3, 1972
CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite reports on the death of Bill Lawrence of ABC News. Final segment on CBS Evening News for Friday, March 3, 1972
Baker, Russell. "Another Species Extinct", The New York Times (September 21, 1996). More than fourteen years after his death, Times columnist Baker remembers William H. "Bill" Lawrence
"THE HEMISPHERE: Red Harvest" (Time magazine, in its January 13, 1947 issue, describes the article resulting from William (Bill) Lawrence's trip to Brazil as a reporter for The New York Times)
"THE PRESS: Roll Out the Carpet" (Time magazine, in its February 23, 1948 issue, mentions New York Times reporter William H. Lawrence's expulsion from Bulgaria for describing the country as "a one-party state today, her internal and foreign policies openly modeled on and wedded to the Soviet Union")
"Letters, Mar. 29, 1954" (letter to Time magazine inquires about Senator Joseph McCarthy giving a playful, but painful, under-the-table kick to Bill Lawrence of The New York Times)
"W.H. Lawrence Joins A.B.C. News Bureau", The New York Times (May 30, 1961)
"Transcript of Johnson's Assessment in TV Interview of His First 100 Days in Office; President Declares Nation Must Realize That the U.S. Has 120 Foreign Policies". The New York Times (March 16, 1964). President Lyndon Johnson interviewed by CBS' Eric Sevareid, NBC's David Brinkley and ABC's Bill Lawrence
"Nation: AGNEW DEMANDS EQUAL TIME" (Vice President Spiro Agnew mentions ABC's Bill Lawrence as a commentator who "challenged the President's abilities as a politician" (Time magazine, November 21, 1969)
Gent, George. "BURGER TO APPEAR IN TV INTERVIEW; Will Talk With Lawrence of A.B.C. News July 5". The New York Times (May 26, 1971)
"William H. Lawrence, 56, Dies; National Editor of A. B. C. News; Specialist in Political Affairs Joined Network After 20 Years With Times", The New York Times (March 3, 1972)
Johnson, Gerald W. "Merriman Smith's Book of Presidents; A White House Memoir. Edited by Timothy G. Smith. Foreword by Robert J. Donovan. Illustrated. 250 pp. New York: W. W. Norton & Co. Six Presidents, Too Many Wars by Bill Lawrence. 307 pp. New York: Saturday Review Press". The New York Sunday Times Book Review Section (October 1, 1972)
Lawrence, Bill (1972). Six Presidents, Too Many Wars. New York: Saturday Review Press. /
Brooks, Tim (1987). The Complete Directory to Prime-Time TV Stars 1946–Present, page 497. New York: Ballantine Books.
1916 births
1972 deaths
American television reporters and correspondents
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
American broadcast news analysts
American television news anchors
20th-century American memoirists
American war correspondents of World War II
The New York Times writers
Peabody Award winners
Writers from Lincoln, Nebraska
ABC News personalities
American male journalists
American war correspondents
Aïn-Sbir is a location in Algeria. Aïn Sbir is the location of a spring in Algeria and is nearby to mount Djebel Sekoum, Koudiat Kaïda and mount Oulad Selem. Aïn Sbir is also close to Marabout Sidi Rakhal shirne, Chaba Tebb el Mra and Chaba Khouari. The nearest town is Ali Mendjeli.
Geography
Aïn-Sbir is located at 36.22833°N 6.53083°E in the province of Constantine, in the northern part of Algeria, 300 km east of the capital, Algiers . Aïn Sbir is located 727 meters above sea level.
The terrain around the Aïn Sbir is hilly to the southwest, but the northeast is flat. The terrain around the Aïn Sbir slopes north. The highest point in the vicinity is 825 meters above sea level, 1.0 km north of Ain Sbir.
Population
Around Aïn Sbir it is quite densely populated, with 239 inhabitants per square kilometer. The nearest city is Constantine, 16.9 km north of Ain Sbir. The neighborhood around Aïn Sbir consists mainly of farmland. In the neighborhood around the Aïn Sbir are a number of sources of water.
References
Roman sites in Algeria
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Algeria
Numidia (Roman provinces)
Henry Butler (born in England, died 1652 in Spain) was an English composer and viol player. From 1623 until his death he lived in Spain, serving as a musician in the chapel of Philip IV, under the names Enrique (or Enrrique) Botelero and Enrico Butler.
Butler and William Young, an English viol player working at the Austrian court in Innsbruck, were the first English composers to call their works sonatas. Young published 11 sonatas in 1653, whereas all of Butler's works have survived only in undated manuscripts. His three sonatas were for violin, bass viol and continuo.
The three sonatas have been recorded by The Newberry Consort.
References
External links
1652 deaths
Year of birth unknown
17th-century classical composers
English classical composers
English viol players
English Baroque composers
English male classical composers
17th-century male musicians
Nibanga Nendi is of one of the Reef Islands located in Temotu Province of the independent nation of the Solomon Islands. The spelling of the island's name is various: Nibanga, Nimanu, Banga Ndeni.
References
Islands of the Solomon Islands
Polynesian outliers
This is a list of all Coleophora species. Coleophora is a very large genus of moths of the family Coleophoridae. It contains some 1,350 described species. The genus is represented on all continents, but the majority are found in the Nearctic and Palaearctic regions. Many authors have tried splitting the genus into numerous smaller ones, but most of these have not become widely accepted.
List of species
Species placed (at least provisionally) in Coleophora include:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V U W X Y Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Species of unknown status
Coleophora defessella Herrich-Schäffer, 1855 This species was described from Germany.
Coleophora leucogrammella Herrich-Schäffer, 1855. This species was described from the Alps. The identity remains questionable. It has been recorded feeding on the leaves of Inula conyza. The larvae live in a black, laterally compressed, bivalved case with a mouth angle of less than 45°. The larvae have been recorded from autumn to May of the following year.
Coleophora leugrammella Herrich-Schäffer, 1855
Coleophora montihospitella Bruand, 1851
Coleophora poteriella Amsel & Hering 1931 (Nomen nudum)
Coleophora semilineariella Bruand, 1859 (Nomen dubium)
Coleophora thymiella Herrich-Schäffer, 1861 This species was described from Germany.
Excluded species
These species have recently been excluded from the genus Coleophora. However, not all have been placed in another genus yet.
Batrachedra aphypnota Meyrick 1917 (formerly Coleophora aphypnota)
Coleophora crossophanes Meyrick, 1917
Coleophora tarsocoma Meyrick, 1917
Pammeces picticornis (Walsingham, 1897) (formerly Coleophora picticornis)
References
List of Coleophora species
Coleophora
In fluid dynamics, the Falkner–Skan boundary layer (named after V. M. Falkner and Sylvia W. Skan) describes the steady two-dimensional laminar boundary layer that forms on a wedge, i.e. flows in which the plate is not parallel to the flow. It is also representative of flow on a flat plate with an imposed pressure gradient along the plate length, a situation often encountered in wind tunnel flow. It is a generalization of the flat plate Blasius boundary layer in which the pressure gradient along the plate is zero.
Prandtl's boundary layer equations
The basis of the Falkner-Skan approach are the Prandtl boundary layer equations. Ludwig Prandtl simplified the equations for fluid flowing along a wall (wedge) by dividing the flow into two areas: one close to the wall dominated by viscosity, and one outside this near-wall boundary layer region where viscosity can be neglected without significant effects on the solution. This means that about half of the terms in the Navier-Stokes equations are negligible in near-wall boundary layer flows (except in a small region near the leading edge of the plate). This reduced set of equations are known as the Prandtl boundary layer equations. For steady incompressible flow with constant viscosity and density, these read:
Mass Continuity:
-Momentum:
-Momentum:
Here the coordinate system is chosen with pointing parallel to the plate in the direction of the flow and the coordinate pointing towards the free stream, and are the and velocity components, is the pressure, is the density and is the kinematic viscosity.
A number of similarity solutions to these equations have been found for various types of flow. Falkner and Skan developed the similarity solution for the case of laminar flow along a wedge in 1930. The term similarity refers to the property that the velocity profiles at different positions in the flow look similar apart from scaling factors in the boundary layer thickness and a characteristic boundary layer velocity. These scaling factors reduce the partial differential equations to a set of relatively easily solved set of ordinary differential equations.
Falkner–Skan equation - First order boundary layer
Falkner and Skan generalized the Blasius boundary layer by considering a wedge with an angle of from some uniform velocity field . Falkner and Skan's first key assumption was that the pressure gradient term in the Prandtl x-momentum equation could be replaced by the differential form of the Bernoulli equation in the high Reynolds number limit. Thus:
Here is the velocity of at the boundary layer edge and is the solution the Euler equations (fluid dynamics) in the outer region.
Having made the Bernoulli equation substitution, Falkner and Skan pointed out that similarity solutions are obtained when the boundary layer thickness and velocity scaling factors are assumed to be simple power functions of x. That is, they assumed the velocity similarity scaling factor is given by:
where is the wedge length and m is a dimensionless constant. Falkner and Skan also assumed the boundary layer thickness scaling factor is porpotional to:
Mass conservation is automatically ensured when the Prandtl momentum boundary layer equations are solved using a stream function approach. The stream function, in terms of the scaling factors, is given by:
where and the velocities are given by:
This means
The non-dimensionalized Prandtl x-momentum equation using the similarity length and velocity scaling factors together with the stream function based velocities results in an equation known as the Falkner–Skan equation and is given by:
where each dash represents differentiation with respect to (Note that another equivalent equation with a different involving an is sometimes used. This changes f and its derivatives but ultimately results in the same backed-out and solutions). This equation can be solved for certain as an ODE with boundary conditions:
The wedge angle, after some manipulation, is given by:
The case corresponds to the Blasius boundary layer solution. When , the problem reduces to the Hiemenz flow. Here, m < 0 corresponds to an adverse pressure gradient (often resulting in boundary layer separation) while m > 0 represents a favorable pressure gradient. In 1937 Douglas Hartree showed that physical solutions to the Falkner–Skan equation exist only in the range . For more negative values of m, that is, for stronger adverse pressure gradients, all solutions satisfying the boundary conditions at η = 0 have the property that f(η) > 1 for a range of values of η. This is physically unacceptable because it implies that the velocity in the boundary layer is greater than in the main flow. Further details may be found in Wilcox (2007).
With the solution for f and its derivatives in hand, the Falkner and Skan velocities become:
and
The Prandtl -momentum equation can be rearranged to obtain the -pressure gradient, /, (this is the formula appropriate for the =1 and =2m/(m+1) case) as
where the displacement thickness, , for the Falkner-Skan profile is given by:
and the shear stress acting at the wedge is given by
Compressible Falkner–Skan boundary layer
Here Falkner–Skan boundary layer with a specified specific enthalpy at the wall is studied. The density , viscosity and thermal conductivity are no longer constant here. In the low Mach number approximation, the equation for conservation of mass, momentum and energy become
where is the Prandtl number with suffix representing properties evaluated at infinity. The boundary conditions become
,
.
Unlike the incompressible boundary layer, similarity solution can exist for only if the transformation
holds and this is possible only if .
Howarth transformation
Introducing the self-similar variables using Howarth–Dorodnitsyn transformation
the equations reduce to
The equation can be solved once are specified. The boundary conditions are
The commonly used expressions for air are . If it is constant, then .
See also
Blasius boundary layer
References
Boundary layers
Fluid dynamics
The University of Applied and Environmental Sciences (UDCA) is a private university located in Bogotá, Colombia.
It has three campuses:
the university campus located at Calle 222 No. 55-37, Bogota
the schools of Economics, Management, and Finance, located in the Teusaquillo locality
the North Headquarters, located on Calle 72 in the Chapinero locality.
History
The institution was founded in 1978 as the Corporation School of Veterinary Medicine. In 1983, the name was changed to the University of Agricultural Sciences Corporation (CUDCA). In 1992, the Agricultural Engineering program was started, and in the following year the Sport Sciences program. In 1994, The Marketing Sciences program changed its name to Commercial Engineering. In 1995, the university again changed its name to "The University of Applied and Environmental Sciences Corporation", (UDCA). New programs were introduced in veterinary medicine, animal science and geographic engineering specializations.
In 2004, the corporation received recognition as a university. In 2005, it adopted the name of The University of Applied and Environmental Sciences (also UDCA). Today, the university also features The School of Economics, Management and Finance (EEAF), Business Administration, Accounting, and Marketing and Finances.
Principles
UDCA is an autonomous university providing a public service.
suitably-qualified students are accepted regardless of race, creed, sex, social status, or political/economic views.
UDCA supports socio-cultural values and sustainable human development, with respect for human rights, peace and democracy.
it orients students towards improving the quality of life of communities at the regional, local and national levels, creating conscious and responsible citizens
it aims to strengthen culture and regional identity, use national resources wisely, and preserve the environment for future generations.
Academic programs
The university offers a variety of academic studies.
Medicine
Nursing
Veterinary Medicine
Agricultural Engineering
Commercial Engineering
Geographic and Environmental Engineering
Sports Science
Environmental Sciences
Animal Husbandry
Chemistry
Pharmaceutical Chemistry
Economics, Management, and Finance
Business Administration
International Business
Public Accounting
Marketing
References
External links
Oficial Page Universidad de Ciencias Aplicada y Ambientales
Consejo Nacional de Acreditación – Programas de pregrado acreditados
Education in Bogotá
John Stewart, Earl of Buchan (c. 1381 – 17 August 1424) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier who fought alongside Scotland's French allies during the Hundred Years War. In 1419 he was sent to France by his father the Duke of Albany, Regent of Scotland, with an army of 6,000 men. Stewart led the combined Franco-Scottish army at the Battle of Baugé on 21 March 1421, where he comprehensively defeated the English forces, proving that the English could at last be beaten.
However, two years later, Stewart was defeated and captured by Thomas Montacute, 4th Earl of Salisbury at the Battle of Cravant in 1423. After the battle he was exchanged, and after his release in 1424 he was appointed Constable of France making him the effective Commander-in-Chief of the French army. On 17 August 1424 Buchan was killed at the disastrous Battle of Verneuil, along with most of the Scottish troops in France.
Early life
Stewart was born c.1381, the son of Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany and his second wife Muriella Keith. He succeeded to the Earldom of Buchan after the death of his uncle Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan (the Wolf of Badenoch), in 1405. In 1406 the Duke of Albany became Regent of Scotland, making him the most powerful man in Scotland, king in all but name. His father, Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany, was grandfather to Euphemia II, Countess of Ross and persuaded her to resign her rights to his son. Stewart appears as Earl of Ross for a time, until his right was challenged by Domhnall of Islay, Lord of the Isles, for his wife, who successfully became known as Mariota, or Mary Leslie, Countess of Ross.
Family
Stewart married Elizabeth Douglas (1385x1401–c.1451), daughter of Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas. They had just one child, Margaret Stewart (before 1425–before 1461), who married George Seton, 3rd Lord Seton.
A Hundred Years War
In 1419 Stewart's father sent him to France with an army of 6,000 men to fight in the Hundred Years' War, sailing to La Rochelle in a Spanish fleet. At first Stewart's soldiers prove unpopular amongst the French, owing to their fondness for food and drink, but success in battle would make the Scottish army extremely welcome in France. Stewart and Gilbert Motier de La Fayette were commanders of the combined Franco-Scottish army at the battle of Baugé on 21 March 1421, where he won a great victory over the English, the first major setback suffered by the English armies during the Hundred Years War since the reign of Richard II. Buchan had been appointed by the Dauphin to defend Anjou against the Duke of Clarence, brother of King Henry V. Clarence was among the first to fall, wounded by Sir John Swinton and dispatched by Sir Alexander Buchanon's battle axe.
Baugé was a huge boost to the morale of the Scottish and French, proving that the English were not invincible. On hearing of the Franco-Scottish victory, Pope Martin V remarked that "the Scots are well-known as an antidote to the English."
Capture and ransom
In the early summer of 1423, at the Battle of Cravant, Buchan found himself in command of a mixed force of French and Scots soldiers. Buchan confronted a combined Anglo-Burgundian army at the village of Cravant in Burgundy, at a bridge and ford on the banks of the river Yonne, a left-bank tributary of the Seine, southeast of Auxerre. Buchan's forces outnumbered the English and Burgundians on the opposite bank more than two to one. The combined English and Burgundian forces, numbering some 4,000 men, were led by Thomas Montacute, 4th Earl of Salisbury.
For three hours the forces stared each other down, neither willing to attempt an opposed river crossing. Salisbury finally took the initiative and his army began to cross the waist-high river, some 50 metres wide, under a covering hail of arrows from English archers. Meanwhile, another English force under Baron Willoughby de Eresby forced a passage through the Scots across the narrow bridge and divided the Dauphin's army.
When the French ranks began to withdraw, the Scots refused to flee and were cut down by the hundreds. Over 3,000 of them fell at the bridgehead or along the riverbanks, and over 2,000 prisoners were taken, including the Earl of Buchan and the commander of the Dauphin's forces, the Comte de Vendôme. The Dauphin's forces retreated to the Loire, leaving many prisoners behind and over 6,000 dead. Buchan may well have considered himself lucky to be taken alive. King Henry V of England had re-asserted the English claim of suzerainty over Scotland, and therefore executed Scots prisoners of war on the grounds that they were traitors, fighting against their own King.
After the battle Buchan was exchanged, and after his release in 1424 he was appointed Constable of France making him the effective Commander-in-Chief of the French army. To recover from the losses sustained at Cravant, fresh troops under the Earl of Douglas were dispatched from Scotland to France.
Battle of Verneuil
However, despite these welcome reinforcements, disaster would soon overtake Stewart and his Scottish army. On 17 August 1424 Buchan was killed at the Battle of Verneuil, along with most of the Scottish troops in France. Buchan and his generals unwisely chose to face the English army, led by John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford in open battle. Bedford's army attacked aggressively from the south to take the Scots in the rear. Abandoned by their French allies and almost completely surrounded, the Scots made a ferocious last stand, but were overwhelmed.
Verneuil was one of the bloodiest battles of the Hundred Years War, described by the English as a second Agincourt. Altogether some 6000 allied troops were killed, including 4000 Scots. The English lost 1600 men, an unusually high figure for them, far greater than their losses at Agincourt, indicating the ferocity of the fight. The Earl of Douglas fought on the losing side for the last time, joined in death by Buchan.
Legacy
Stewart's death had important consequences for domestic politics in Scotland. His death fatally weakened the position of his brother Murdoch Stewart, Duke of Albany, who was soon afterwards arrested and executed by James I of Scotland, leading to the almost complete ruin of the Albany Stewarts.
A bust of Stewart is displayed to this day in the Galerie des Batailles, in the Château de Versailles, opened in 1837.
See also
Constable of France
Auld Alliance
Notes
References
Chevalier, Bernard, "Les Alliés écossais au service du roi de France au XVe siècle" in James Laidlaw (ed.), The Auld Alliance: France and Scotland over 700 years. Edinburgh University, Edinburgh, 1999.
Brougham, Henry, History of England and France under the House of Lancaster (1855) Retrieved February 2011
Galt, John, Letters from the Levant: containing views of the state of society (1813) Retrieved February 2011
Mackie, J. D., A History of Scotland, Penguin Books, London (1964).
Vale, Malcolm Graham, Charles VII (1974) Retrieved February 2011
1381 births
1424 deaths
Earls of Ross
3rd Earl of Buchan
John
Lord Chamberlains of Scotland
French generals
People of the Hundred Years' War
French military personnel killed in action
Constables of France
French people of Scottish descent
Scottish pre-union military personnel killed in action
Members of the Privy Council of Scotland
15th-century Scottish peers
Sara Zaker is a Bangladeshi theatre and television actor, director, business entrepreneur and social activist. She was awarded Ekushey Padak by the Government of Bangladesh in 2017.
Early life and education
Zaker was born to Major Salauddin Mohammad Amin and Alia Amin, a former school teacher. She was nicknamed Chixie. Zaker completed her bachelor's and master's from the University of Dhaka in English literature. She was also trained at the British Theater Institute in 1981.
Career
Actress
Zaker joined Nagorik Natya Sampraday, a theater troupe, just after finishing secondary school in 1972. Her first production with the troupe, "Baki Itihash" premiered in February 1973. She went on to perform in Bidogdho Romonikul, Nishiddho Polli, Shot Manusher Khoje (1976), Dewan Gazi'r Kissa and "Naam-Gotroheen: Manto'r Meyera" (2014).
Zaker directed Ariel Dorfman's Death and the Maiden and Anton Chekhov's The Sea Gull.
Zaker writes a column – Shubondhu Shomipeshu for newspaper Prothom Alo. She is anchoring Ami Ekhon Ki Korbo, a talk show airing on Banglavision channel. She conducts a radio show on Radio Shadhin 92.4fm named Tumi Bolo Amra Shunchhi.
Entrepreneur
Zaker's business career began in 1995 in the field of market research. She is working as the project head of Nayantara Communications since its inception in 2004. Nayantara is the co-producer of Sesame Workshop New York in producing Sisimpur, the Bengali edition of the Sesame Street. She is the managing director of Asiatic 360, director of Asiatic Events Marketing Limited, and the managing director of Ddhoni Chitra Ltd.
Activist
Zaker has led many campaigns and projects related to both male and female rights, women health, family planning and environmental issues. Some notable projects she led are –
Accelerating progress towards Maternal and Neonatal mortality and Morbidity reduction UNICEF – 2009.
Advocacy Activity for FP & RH through print and electronic Media UNFPA – 2009
"Jibon-O-Jibika" Save the Children – USA.
Male & Female Reproductive Health Campaign (Marie Stopes Clinic Society).
"Safe Water Campaign" (IDA).
Water and Environmental Sanitation (WES) Communication Campaign UNICEF- Bangladesh.
Arsenic Mitigation Campaign UNICEF- Bangladesh.
Emergency Preparedness Awareness World Health Organization – WHO
Prevention and Protection of Victims of Human Trafficking in Bangladesh International Organization for Migration – IOM.
Awareness on Human Trafficking International Organization for Migration – IOM.
Safe Migration International Organization for Migration – IOM.
Comprehensive information campaign to enhance public awareness on safe migration in Bangladesh International Organization for Migration – IOM.
Women Migration Campaign International Organization for Migration – IOM.
Founder member of the Board of Trustees of Liberation War Museum of Bangladesh.
Secretary of Nagorik Natya Sampradaya (Workshop & Training Organization & Cultural Affairs).
Secretariat-In-Charge Dramatic Theater Committee, I.T.I (International Theater Institute).
Presidium member Dramatic Theater Committee, I.T.I (International Theater Institute).
Special Honorable Member of Bangladesh Group Theater Federation.
Former Chairperson of Secretariat Body, Bangladesh Group Theater Federation.
Personal life
Zaker was married to Aly Zaker until 2020, his death. Aly was an actor, a writer and a business entrepreneur. Zaker has two children, Iresh Zaker and Sriya Sharbojaya. Sriya is associate executive director of Asiatic EXP and Iresh is executive director of Asiatic MCL and an actor. She has a personal blog which is sarazaker.me
Works
Stage plays
Serial dramas
Ayomoy
Dramas
Matir Pinjirar Majhe
Jochnar Ful
Ekti Prithibi, Ekti Manush
Somota Chai
Films
Emiler Goenda Bahini (1980)
Nodir Naam Modhumoti (1996)
Itihash Konna (2000)
Shilalipi (The Inscription) (2004)
Ontarjatra (2006)
Produced
Ichche Holo (TV Series) (2009)
Chuye Dile Mon (2015)
Voice
The World According to Sesame Street (2006)
Awards
Sequence Award for Acting (1975)
Anannya Shirsho Dosh (1995)
Bishishtho Nattojon – Loko Natto Goshthi (2014)
Inspiring Change
Srijan Shamman Award
Badruddin Hossain Memorial Award (2016)
Ekushey Padak (2017)
References
Living people
University of Dhaka alumni
Bangladeshi television actresses
Bangladeshi stage actresses
Bangladeshi businesspeople
Recipients of the Ekushey Padak
20th-century Bangladeshi actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Patrick John Carroll is an actor from Bath, Somerset, England, now based in Auckland, New Zealand. He is best known for his roles in Kiwi, a full length TVNZ tele feature film and The Luminaries.
Early life and education
Carroll was born in England in 1991 and attended the Preparatory School for Monkton Combe School, Bath. He and his family emigrated to New Zealand in 2004 and he was educated at St Andrew's College, Christchurch. He is a graduate of NZ Drama school Toi Whakaari, with a Bachelor of Performing Arts and has worked with Long Cloud Youth Theatre and travelled to London's Globe Theatre with Shakespeare Globe Centre New Zealand. In 2014 Carroll attended the Buffon/Le Jeu at L'Ecole Phillipe Gaulier in Paris. He also played in Shakespeare's Measure for Measure, Strindberg's A Dream-play, and As You Like It. He is represented by Auckland Actors and has played as Thomas Klopper in the award-winning staging of The Book of Everything in 2015/2016 at the Silo Theatre. Over these years, Carroll has performed in Alice In Wonderland, The Angry Brigade, Twelfth Night, and has toured the country with Indian Ink's The Elephant Thief, and in their subsequent production of Welcome To The Murder House, playing Thomas Edison. Carroll has won the Sam Wanamaker Award for Best Newcomer for his performance as Peter Quince in A Midsummer Night's Dream in SGCNZ's 2009 National University of Otago Sheilah Winn Shakespeare Festival. From that, he was chosen to be one of 48 out of 5500 to attend SGCNZ's NSSP and was then selected as one of 24 members of SGCNZ Young Shakespeare Company 2010. He was the recipient of the Museum Art Hotel Scholarship Award in 2014. Carroll was cast in several roles with the Pop Up Globe NZ, performing in both Auckland and Sydney, Australia, as Demetrius in A Midsummer Night's Dream and Lorenzo in The Merchant of Venice.
Filmography
2019 The Luminaries, as the Real Estate Agent
2017 Kiwi (telefeature), as Jimmy Cassidy
Theatre
2021 Dakota Of The White Flats, as Lassiter Peach
2020 Before Karma Gets Us, as Director
2019 Twelfth Night, as Orsino
2019 Heat, as Bob
2018 The Merchant of Venice, as Lorenzo
2018 A Midsummer Night's Dream, as Demetrius
2018 Welcome to the Murder House, as The Forger
2017 Midsummer Nights Dream, as Demetrius
2017 Merchant of Venice, as Lorenzo
2016 The Elephant Thief
2016 The Book of Everything, as Thomas
2016 The Angry Brigade, as D.C Smith
2015 Twelfth Night, as Sebastian
2015 Alice in Wonderland, as Jimmie
2015 The Elephant Thief
2010 The Misanthrope, as Philante
References
Living people
Male actors from Somerset
21st-century New Zealand male actors
People from Bath, Somerset
People from Auckland
People educated at Monkton Combe School
People educated at St Andrew's College, Christchurch
21st-century English male actors
English emigrants to New Zealand
Toi Whakaari alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
English male film actors
English male Shakespearean actors
English male stage actors
New Zealand male film actors
New Zealand male stage actors
Shaolin Monastery or Shaolin Temple is a Buddhist monastery in Henan province, China.
Shaolin Temple or Shaolin Monastery may also refer to:
Southern Shaolin Monastery, Buddhist monastery in Fujian, China
Shaolin Temple (1982 film), a martial arts film starring Jet Li
Shaolin Temple (1976 film), a martial arts film by Chang Cheh
Shaolin Temple UK, martial arts school and centre for study of Shaolin culture in the United Kingdom
See also
Shaolin (disambiguation)
Xiaolin (disambiguation)
Buddhist temple disambiguation pages
Mount Tenney () is a mountain located west of Latady Mountains, 9 nautical miles (17 km) northwest of Mount Hyatt, at the base of Antarctic Peninsula. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Philip J. Tenney, traverse engineer on the South Pole—Queen Maud Land Traverse III, summer 1967–68.
Mountains of Palmer Land
This is a list of notable people from Saint John County, New Brunswick. Although not everyone in this list was born in Saint John County, they all live or have lived in Saint John County and have had significant connections to the communities.
This article does not include People from Saint John as they have their own section.
See also
List of people from New Brunswick
References
Saint John
William Harvey Kindig (February 7, 1869 – September 18, 1946), known as Will H. Kindig or W.H. Kindig, was a candidate for California state controller in 1934, Los Angeles City Council member from 1935 to 1937 and a sponsor of the Ham and Eggs movement for old-age pensions in California in 1939.
Biography
Kindig moved to California about 1905 and may have operated the Hotel Sierra Madre "at the foot of Mount Wilson" in 1909. In 1935, he published a book titled ABC of Metaphysics, Being a Compilation From Radio Talks on Philosophical Subjects by the Author During 1934 to 1935 ... He was a broker but was also known as an "authority on international finance."
Kindig was one of the organizers of the Braille Institute. His home was at 4125 South Figueroa Street in today's Vermont Square area. He died at the age of 77 in September 1946, leaving a widow, Margaret.
Public affairs
Controller candidate
Kindig was the Upton Sinclair-endorsed candidate for California State Controller in the 1934 election, but he was beaten in the Democratic Party primary by the incumbent, Ray L. Riley, a registered Republican, who had 317,094 votes to Kindig's 296,758. Kindig did not cross-file in the Republican race.
City Council
Elections
See also List of Los Angeles municipal election returns, 1935–37.
Kindig ran for the Los Angeles City Council District 7 seat in 1935 after the incumbent, Howard W. Davis, decided to take a break from politics. The district was bounded on the east by Alameda Avenue, on the west by Crenshaw Boulevard, on the north by Exposition Boulevard and on the south by Vernon Avenue. With the support of the End Poverty in California movement, he beat Dwight Baker by a vote of 8,077 to 7,597 that year.
Davis returned in 1937, though, and recaptured his old position by a vote of 8,010 for himself and 6,705 for Kindig. It was said in advance of the 1937 election that Kindig had lost the "virile, aggressive support of the entire liberal movement."
Positions
Advertising: Kindig scoffed at the idea that the city's legal advertising should be printed in local community newspapers. "I think this argument that the public benefit is to be served by using these newspapers is a lot of camouflage," he told the council when it discussed the matter.
Bookmaking: Eying the "stream of gold," or money receipts, at nearby Santa Anita Racetrack, Kindig, along with other council members, urged the city attorney to hasten a legal opinion whether the city could tax the illegal bookmakers operating in Los Angeles. "The racing season is on, it will soon be over, and if we can legitimately get any revenue from the business of book-making, I think we should lose no time on it," he said.
Radio stations
Kindig, who besides being a councilman was also treasurer of the Democratic State Central Committee, asked the Federal Communications Commission to give him a license to operate a radio station in Los Angeles to reflect the "liberal and progressive" side of politics. He was supported in his request by fellow Council Members G. Vernon Bennett, Parley Parker Christensen and James M. Hyde and by County Supervisor John Anson Ford. The FCC turned him down by a 2–1 vote.
Ham and Eggs
Kindig was one of the organizers of a proposed California pension plan known as the Ham and Eggs Movement or "Thirty Dollars Every Thursday" plan. It was he, along with Roy and Lawrence Allen and Roy G. Owens, all of Los Angeles, who submitted a revised version of the plan in 1939 after voters turned down a different version in the 1938 election. The plan the voters faced in 1940 would have the governor name an administrator for the program — according to the proposed initiative legislation he would have to choose between "Roy G. Owens or Will H. Kindig," who would serve until the general election of 1944. The two men were roundly condemned by the nationally known conservative commentator Westbrook Pegler as "adventurers in emotional politics." The proposal was defeated by the electorate.
References
Access to the Los Angeles Times links requires the use of a library card.
1889 births
1946 deaths
Los Angeles City Council members
California Democrats
20th-century American politicians
The Artificial caves of Alapraia () constitute a prehistoric necropolis formed by four subterranean tombs or hypogea that were created by excavating marlstone rock using stone tools. They are situated in the centre of the suburb of Alapraia in Estoril, Lisbon District, Portugal and are believed to date back to the last quarter of the 4th Millennium BCE and to have been used as a necropolis for over one thousand years.
The Caves
The four caves are surrounded by and, in some cases, are underneath modern housing and are individually numbered, according to the date of excavation. They are identified at the site but cannot be accessed by casual visitors. All the caves had the same system of construction, consisting of a long corridor or vestibule for access, with a circular chamber at the end with a skylight at the top, protected by slabs. This is believed to have made possible the placement of bodies into the chamber, when occupancy levels no longer allowed access through the corridor. Cave 1 is 19 m long and was first described by the geologist F. de Paula e Oliveira in 1889. A spherical chamber has a diameter of 6.2 metres and a height of 2.8 metres in the middle. It is the largest of the four caves and at the time of the excavation had been used as a stable or pigsty and wood store. It is surrounded by a high wall. Caves 2-4 were excavated by Father Eugénio Jalhay and Lieutenant Colonel Afonso do Paço. Cave 2 has a total length of 9 metres, with the oval chamber having a diameter of 4.2-4.4 metres and a height in the middle of 2.2 metres. It was excavated in 1932. Cave 3 has a diameter of 6.20 metres and a mean height of 2.40 metres and was excavated in 1942. The fourth cave was discovered during work to install a fountain. It was excavated in 1943 and is about 11 metres long, with a slightly oval chamber of 4.35 metres diameter and a height in the middle of 2.4 metres.
The excavations provided many finds dating back to the Beaker culture of the second half of the 3rd millennium BCE, together with older pottery from the Chalcolithic (Copper Age) era and more recent Bronze Age findings. Items found included decorated ceramic vessels, such as bowls and cups, shale plates with a geometric pattern, polished bone items, flints, pearls, votive idols, and limestone replicas of two soles of sandals, which are believed to be unique. The finds are mainly located in the Condes de Castro Guimarães Museum in neighbouring Cascais, where an archaeology room was inaugurated to display them in 1942.
References
National monuments in Lisbon District
Prehistoric sites in Portugal
Estoril
Buildings and structures in Cascais
Artificial caves
Ethan Mbappé Lottin (born 29 December 2006) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Paris Saint-Germain.
Early life
Born in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis, Mbappé was raised in a footballing family, with brother Kylian and adopted brother Jirès Kembo Ekoko both having professional footballing careers. Their father is Cameroonian and their mother is Algerian.
Club career
Ethan followed in both of his older brothers' footsteps by joining local side AS Bondy in 2015. After two years with AS Bondy, Mbappé joined French giants Paris Saint-Germain in 2017, in the same transfer window that saw the club bring in his brother Kylian on loan. He scored on his debut for the under-12 team.
He signed a new three-year contract with the club in June 2021.
International career
Mbappé was called up to the France under-16 team in November 2021.
Style of play
Unlike Kylian, a forward known for his lightning-quick pace, Ethan is a technical, left-footed midfielder.
Personal life
In January 2022, Mbappé was involved in a minor traffic accident, after the car he was in was struck by a drunk driver. He did not suffer any major injuries.
Reference
External links
2006 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis
Footballers from Seine-Saint-Denis
French footballers
French people of Kabyle descent
French sportspeople of Cameroonian descent
Association football midfielders
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
Black French sportspeople
North Wejinabikun Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada. It is about long and wide and lies at an elevation of . The primary inflow is the Magpie River from Wejinabikun Lake, and the primary outflow is the same river, which flows downstream towards Mosambik Lake, and eventually into Lake Superior.
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Lakes of Algoma District
The North American Interfaith Network (NAIN) is a non-profit association of Interfaith organizations and agencies in Canada, Mexico and the United States. NAIN's programs seek to build communication and mutual understanding among interfaith organizations and diverse religious groups throughout North America.
Through its annual conference, newsletter, web site, member organizations, Board and supportive participants, NAIN offers networking opportunities to person of many religious traditions and numerous interfaith organizations.
NAIN affirms humanity's diverse and historic spiritual resources, bringing these to bear on contemporary global, national, regional and local issues. Without infringing on the effort of existing organizations, NAIN facilitates the networking possibilities of these organizations. NAIN encourages cooperative interaction based on serving the needs and promoting the aspirations of all member groups.
NAIN Connect
Since 1988 NAIN has held annual "Connect" conferences with host locations rotating throughout the member organizations. 2007 Connect was held in Richmond, Virginia, 2008 in San Francisco, California, 2009 in Kansas City, Missouri. 2010 Connect will be in Salt Lake, Utah.
NAINews
Quarterly news and information on interfaith activity in North America.
External links
North American Interfaith Network
Interfaith organizations
The Braille pattern dots-34 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top right and bottom left dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top right and lower-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+280c, and in Braille ASCII with the slash: /.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-34 is used to represent a front, open to close diphthong, i.e. /ai/, or otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-34 are Braille patterns 347, 348, and 3478, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 57, 157, 457, and 1457 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-34, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 034, 347, and 0347 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 57, 157, 457, or 1457
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-34 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 病
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 3 + や/疒 = 艮
- selector 4 + や/疒 = 乎
- selector 5 + や/疒 = 豈
- selector 6 + selector 6 + や/疒 = 鬯
- や/疒 + selector 1 = 山
- や/疒 + selector 2 = 矢
- や/疒 + selector 5 = - 疾
- 比 + や/疒 = 良
Compounds of 病 and 疒
- や/疒 + の/禾 = 疫
- や/疒 + ひ/辶 = 疲
- や/疒 + い/糹/#2 = 症
- や/疒 + そ/馬 = 痒
- や/疒 + そ/馬 + や/疒 = 癢
- や/疒 + し/巿 = 痔
- や/疒 + と/戸 = 痘
- や/疒 + つ/土 = 痛
- や/疒 + ぬ/力 = 痢
- や/疒 + え/訁 = 痩
- や/疒 + 数 = 瘍
- や/疒 + ろ/十 = 療
- や/疒 + 囗 = 癌
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 = 癒
- や/疒 + や/疒 + ゆ/彳 = 瘉
- や/疒 + ま/石 = 癖
- や/疒 + 数 + て/扌 = 疔
- や/疒 + す/発 + selector 4 = 疚
- や/疒 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 疣
- や/疒 + 仁/亻 + 宿 = 疥
- や/疒 + も/門 + selector 2 = 疱
- や/疒 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 疳
- や/疒 + 比 + selector 4 = 疵
- や/疒 + selector 4 + 日 = 疸
- や/疒 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 疹
- や/疒 + す/発 + selector 1 = 疼
- や/疒 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 疽
- や/疒 + ぬ/力 + れ/口 = 痂
- や/疒 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 痃
- や/疒 + り/分 + へ/⺩ = 痊
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 痍
- や/疒 + 宿 + け/犬 = 痙
- や/疒 + ふ/女 + 囗 = 痞
- や/疒 + つ/土 + 心 = 痣
- や/疒 + 火 + 火 = 痰
- や/疒 + 心 + ま/石 = 痲
- や/疒 + き/木 + き/木 = 痳
- や/疒 + た/⽥ + さ/阝 = 痺
- や/疒 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 痼
- や/疒 + さ/阝 + か/金 = 痾
- や/疒 + 宿 + ふ/女 = 痿
- や/疒 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 瘁
- や/疒 + む/車 + 宿 = 瘋
- や/疒 + 宿 + ⺼ = 瘟
- や/疒 + ⺼ + 仁/亻 = 瘠
- や/疒 + り/分 + お/頁 = 瘡
- や/疒 + ふ/女 + の/禾 = 瘢
- や/疒 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 瘤
- や/疒 + す/発 + か/金 = 瘧
- や/疒 + た/⽥ + ゐ/幺 = 瘰
- や/疒 + ま/石 + ろ/十 = 瘴
- や/疒 + 宿 + る/忄 = 瘻
- や/疒 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 癆
- や/疒 + も/門 + ら/月 = 癇
- や/疒 + 宿 + す/発 = 癈
- や/疒 + 数 + ま/石 = 癘
- や/疒 + こ/子 + の/禾 = 癜
- や/疒 + 宿 + よ/广 = 癡
- や/疒 + こ/子 + ん/止 = 癧
- や/疒 + ち/竹 + selector 1 = 癨
- や/疒 + お/頁 + 数 = 癩
- や/疒 + の/禾 + を/貝 = 癪
- や/疒 + せ/食 + そ/馬 = 癬
- や/疒 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 癰
- や/疒 + selector 1 + め/目 = 癲
Compounds of 艮
- る/忄 + や/疒 = 恨
- き/木 + や/疒 = 根
- き/木 + や/疒 + れ/口 = 椥
- 龸 + や/疒 = 爵
- れ/口 + 龸 + や/疒 = 嚼
- め/目 + や/疒 = 眼
- ひ/辶 + や/疒 = 退
- ⺼ + ひ/辶 + や/疒 = 腿
- ね/示 + ひ/辶 + や/疒 = 褪
- ゐ/幺 + や/疒 = 郷
- 囗 + ゐ/幺 + や/疒 = 嚮
- か/金 + や/疒 = 銀
- さ/阝 + や/疒 = 限
- や/疒 + ち/竹 = 墾
- や/疒 + 心 = 懇
- や/疒 + 仁/亻 = 既
- よ/广 + や/疒 + 仁/亻 = 廐
- 日 + や/疒 + 仁/亻 = 曁
- け/犬 + selector 3 + や/疒 = 狠
- み/耳 + selector 3 + や/疒 = 跟
- つ/土 + 宿 + や/疒 = 垠
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + や/疒 = 很
- や/疒 + 宿 + や/疒 = 痕
- く/艹 + 宿 + や/疒 = 艱
- や/疒 + ん/止 + の/禾 = 齦
Compounds of 乎
- れ/口 + や/疒 = 呼
Compounds of 豈
- や/疒 + 龸 = 凱
- 心 + selector 5 + や/疒 = 榿
- ま/石 + selector 5 + や/疒 = 磑
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + や/疒 = 剴
- や/疒 + 日 + selector 1 = 皚
- や/疒 + め/目 + 宿 = 覬
- か/金 + 宿 + や/疒 = 鎧
Compounds of 山
- う/宀/#3 + や/疒 = 密
- 心 + う/宀/#3 + や/疒 = 樒
- ま/石 + や/疒 = 岩
- く/艹 + や/疒 = 岳
- せ/食 + や/疒 = 島
- て/扌 + せ/食 + や/疒 = 搗
- き/木 + せ/食 + や/疒 = 槝
- ゆ/彳 + や/疒 = 徴
- い/糹/#2 + や/疒 = 繃
- は/辶 + や/疒 = 辿
- や/疒 + は/辶 = 岐
- や/疒 + こ/子 = 岬
- や/疒 + か/金 = 岸
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 = 峠
- や/疒 + な/亻 = 峡
- や/疒 + や/疒 + な/亻 = 峽
- や/疒 + ほ/方 = 峰
- や/疒 + ね/示 = 崇
- や/疒 + け/犬 = 崎
- や/疒 + ら/月 = 崩
- や/疒 + ん/止 = 嵌
- や/疒 + む/車 = 嵐
- や/疒 + り/分 = 嶮
- や/疒 + お/頁 = 嶺
- や/疒 + ゑ/訁 = 嶽
- や/疒 + 氷/氵 = 巌
- や/疒 + や/疒 + 氷/氵 = 巖
- や/疒 + 火 = 炭
- 仁/亻 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 仙
- つ/土 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 圸
- て/扌 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 攜
- き/木 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 杣
- に/氵 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 汕
- や/疒 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 疝
- も/門 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 閊
- や/疒 + selector 1 + ん/止 = 岻
- や/疒 + 数 + を/貝 = 乢
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + ふ/女 = 妛
- や/疒 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 屶
- や/疒 + 龸 + お/頁 = 屹
- や/疒 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 岌
- や/疒 + り/分 + selector 1 = 岑
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 岔
- や/疒 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 岨
- や/疒 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 岫
- や/疒 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 岱
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + 日 = 岶
- や/疒 + み/耳 + ん/止 = 岷
- や/疒 + り/分 + か/金 = 岼
- や/疒 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 岾
- や/疒 + む/車 + と/戸 = 峅
- や/疒 + り/分 + 囗 = 峇
- や/疒 + つ/土 + し/巿 = 峙
- や/疒 + 囗 + selector 1 = 峨
- や/疒 + 宿 + 囗 = 峩
- や/疒 + た/⽥ + selector 1 = 峪
- や/疒 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 峭
- や/疒 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 峯
- や/疒 + 日 + な/亻 = 峺
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + む/車 = 峻
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + か/金 = 崋
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + 比 = 崑
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + い/糹/#2 = 崔
- や/疒 + 龸 + つ/土 = 崕
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + つ/土 = 崖
- や/疒 + 囗 + ゆ/彳 = 崗
- や/疒 + 龸 + る/忄 = 崘
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + る/忄 = 崙
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + す/発 = 崚
- や/疒 + と/戸 + へ/⺩ = 崛
- や/疒 + 宿 + か/金 = 崟
- や/疒 + そ/馬 + 宿 = 崢
- や/疒 + め/目 + せ/食 = 嵋
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + く/艹 = 嵎
- や/疒 + れ/口 + う/宀/#3 = 嵒
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + け/犬 = 嵜
- や/疒 + 比 + え/訁 = 嵩
- や/疒 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 嵬
- や/疒 + そ/馬 + こ/子 = 嵯
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + そ/馬 = 嵳
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 嵶
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + ま/石 = 嶂
- や/疒 + む/車 + を/貝 = 嶄
- や/疒 + も/門 + selector 3 = 嶇
- や/疒 + せ/食 + selector 1 = 嶋
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + せ/食 = 嶌
- や/疒 + さ/阝 + せ/食 = 嶐
- や/疒 + す/発 + と/戸 = 嶝
- や/疒 + 宿 + つ/土 = 嶢
- や/疒 + そ/馬 + 囗 = 嶬
- や/疒 + 宿 + selector 4 = 嶼
- や/疒 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 巉
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + お/頁 = 巍
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + え/訁 = 巒
- や/疒 + お/頁 + て/扌 = 巓
- に/氵 + 宿 + や/疒 = 澂
- む/車 + 宿 + や/疒 = 蚩
Compounds of 矢
- や/疒 + れ/口 = 知
- や/疒 + や/疒 = 痴
- や/疒 + 日 = 智
- み/耳 + や/疒 + れ/口 = 聟
- む/車 + や/疒 + れ/口 = 蜘
- 仁/亻 + や/疒 = 侯
- け/犬 + 仁/亻 + や/疒 = 猴
- ち/竹 + 仁/亻 + や/疒 = 篌
- な/亻 + や/疒 = 候
- も/門 + や/疒 = 医
- も/門 + も/門 + や/疒 = 醫
- む/車 + や/疒 = 挨
- ほ/方 + や/疒 = 族
- れ/口 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 嗾
- ち/竹 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 簇
- く/艹 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 蔟
- か/金 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 鏃
- と/戸 + や/疒 = 短
- や/疒 + よ/广 = 疑
- 氷/氵 + や/疒 = 凝
- て/扌 + や/疒 = 擬
- や/疒 + や/疒 + よ/广 = 嶷
- ま/石 + や/疒 + よ/广 = 礙
- や/疒 + す/発 = 矩
- ち/竹 + や/疒 + selector 2 = 笶
- く/艹 + や/疒 + selector 2 = 薙
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + selector 4 = 矧
- や/疒 + の/禾 + ふ/女 = 矮
- や/疒 + 宿 + の/禾 = 矯
- や/疒 + selector 3 + ふ/女 = 肄
- み/耳 + 宿 + や/疒 = 踟
- や/疒 + 宿 + せ/食 = 雉
Compounds of 疾
- ふ/女 + や/疒 + selector 5 = 嫉
Compounds of 良
- ふ/女 + や/疒 = 娘
- や/疒 + さ/阝 = 郎
- よ/广 + や/疒 = 廊
- 心 + や/疒 + さ/阝 = 榔
- へ/⺩ + や/疒 + さ/阝 = 瑯
- む/車 + や/疒 + さ/阝 = 螂
- ら/月 + や/疒 = 朗
- に/氵 + や/疒 = 浪
- け/犬 + や/疒 = 狼
- そ/馬 + や/疒 = 養
- に/氵 + そ/馬 + や/疒 = 瀁
- せ/食 + そ/馬 + や/疒 = 鱶
- ら/月 + 比 + や/疒 = 朖
- へ/⺩ + 比 + や/疒 = 琅
- の/禾 + 比 + や/疒 = 粮
- 心 + 比 + や/疒 = 莨
- み/耳 + 比 + や/疒 = 踉
Other compounds
- ち/竹 + や/疒 = 爺
- 日 + や/疒 = 曜
- み/耳 + や/疒 = 躍
- や/疒 + に/氵 = 濯
- や/疒 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戳
- て/扌 + 宿 + や/疒 = 擢
- き/木 + 宿 + や/疒 = 櫂
- 火 + 宿 + や/疒 = 燿
- 龸 + 宿 + や/疒 = 耀
- き/木 + 龸 + や/疒 = 梍
Notes
Braille patterns
Dezmine Wells (born April 15, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for Qingdao Eagles of the Chinese Basketball Association. He played college basketball for the Xavier Musketeers and Maryland Terrapins.
High school career
Wells played high school basketball at Word of God Academy in Raleigh, North Carolina where he was a friend of and teammate with current Houston Rockets guard John Wall.
College career
Wells began his college career at Xavier, where he was an Atlantic 10 All-Rookie Team selection. He was expelled in 2012 due to a "serious violation" of the code of student conduct after a female student alleged he committed sexual assault. Wells also was suspended by the NCAA for being involved in a huge fight after a game against the Cincinnati Bearcats in December 2011. A grand jury did not indict him for the assault, and Wells later sued the university for false accusation. The school was asked to hold off deciding their case until after the criminal case was settled and the prosecutor slammed the school for their unfair procedures. The issue was settled out of court after a judge ruled the lawsuit could go forward to discovery.
The NCAA waived the usual redshirt year requirement for Wells, making him eligible immediately at another university. He transferred to Maryland and led the team in scoring with 13.1 points per game as a sophomore. The team missed the NCAA Tournament despite defeating Duke twice.
As a junior, Wells averaged 14.9 points per game for the Terrapins. Maryland again missed the NCAA Tournament.
A wrist injury caused Wells to miss a month of games as a senior. Nevertheless, he scored 26 points and added seven rebounds and four assists in Maryland's 59–53 win over fifth-ranked Wisconsin. He was a First Team All-Big Ten selection. Maryland coach Mark Turgeon said Wells "was not going to let us lose." Wells's last collegiate game was against West Virginia in Columbus, Ohio in the Round of 32 of the 2015 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. He tallied nine points and eight turnovers in a 69–59 loss.
Professional career
Oklahoma City Blue (2015–2016)
ESPN's Chad Ford considered Wells a potential second-round pick in the 2015 NBA draft, but he went undrafted. He also struggled to dribble with his left hand, which lowered his draft stock. He subsequently joined the Washington Wizards for the 2015 NBA Summer League. However, he was later ruled out of Summer League play due to thumb injury. On September 25, 2015, Wells signed with the Oklahoma City Thunder. However, he was waived on October 22 after appearing in one preseason game. On November 3, he was acquired by the Oklahoma City Blue as an affiliate player from the Thunder. On November 14, he made his professional debut in a 110–104 loss to the Austin Spurs, recording 19 points, five rebounds, two assists and one steal. On March 31, he was waived by the Blue after suffering a season-ending injury.
Greece (2016)
In July 2016, Wells signed with Tigers Tübingen of the Basketball Bundesliga, but his contract was voided on August 18 after he didn't pass his physical. On September 23, 2016, Wells signed with Doxa Lefkadas of the Greek Basket League. He left the team after appearing in 9 games.
Scandone Avellino and Oklahoma City Blue (2017–2019)
On January 18, 2017, he was acquired by the Oklahoma City Blue. Wells was added to the Oklahoma City Blue training camp roster on October 23, 2018.
VL Pesaro (2019)
On April 10, 2019, he has signed a contract with VL Pesaro of the Italian LBA.
San Miguel Beermen (2019)
In August 2019, Wells joined San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association for the East Asia Super League Terrific 12 and the PBA Governors' Cup. In his PBA debut, Wells had an impressive statline of 42 points, 8 rebounds and 7 assists in a 130–119 win over Phoenix Fuelmasters. He averaged 37.1 points, 7.9 rebounds, 4.8 assists, 2.0 steals and 1.0 block per game.
Zhejiang Lions (2019–2020)
Wells spent much of the 2019–20 season with Zhejiang Lions in China. He averaged 31.1 points, 7.6 rebounds, 5.0 assists and 3.2 steals per game.
Jiangsu Dragons (2020–2021)
On September 21, 2020, Wells signed with Jiangsu Dragons of the Chinese league. On April 10, 2021, Wells scored 43 points in a 94-98 losing effort to the Tianjin Pioneers.
Qingdao Eagles (2021–present)
On December 6, 2021, Wells signed with Qingdao Eagles of the Chinese league.
Personal life
Wells is the son of Pamela Wells, who was an All-American basketball player at St. Augustine's College in Raleigh, N.C. He has two sisters, Jocelyn Brand and Jazmine Wilson and majored in American Studies. He graduated from the University of Maryland with a degree in American Studies on December 19, 2015.
References
External links
Maryland Terrapins bio
1992 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Raleigh, North Carolina
Doxa Lefkadas B.C. players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Maryland Terrapins men's basketball players
Oklahoma City Blue players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
San Miguel Beermen players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
S.S. Felice Scandone players
Victoria Libertas Pesaro players
Xavier Musketeers men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in China
Zhejiang Golden Bulls players
Jiangsu Dragons players
Most real world data sets consist of data vectors whose individual components are not statistically independent. In other words, knowing the value of an element will provide information about the value of elements in the data vector. When this occurs, it can be desirable to create a factorial code of the data, i. e., a new vector-valued representation of each data vector such that it gets uniquely encoded by the resulting code vector (loss-free coding), but the code components are statistically independent.
Later supervised learning usually works much better when the raw input data is first translated into such a factorial code. For example, suppose the final goal is to classify images with highly redundant pixels. A naive Bayes classifier will assume the pixels are statistically independent random variables and therefore fail to produce good results. If the data are first encoded in a factorial way, however, then the naive Bayes classifier will achieve its optimal performance (compare Schmidhuber et al. 1996).
To create factorial codes, Horace Barlow and co-workers suggested minimizing the sum of the bit entropies of the code components of binary codes (1989). Jürgen Schmidhuber (1992) re-formulated the problem in terms of predictors and binary feature detectors, each receiving the raw data as an input. For each detector there is a predictor that sees the other detectors and learns to predict the output of its own detector in response to the various input vectors or images. But each detector uses a machine learning algorithm to become as unpredictable as possible. The global optimum of this objective function corresponds to a factorial code represented in a distributed fashion across the outputs of the feature detectors.
Painsky, Rosset and Feder (2016, 2017) further studied this problem in the context of independent component analysis over finite alphabet sizes. Through a series of theorems they show that the factorial coding problem can be accurately solved with a branch and bound search tree algorithm, or tightly approximated with a series of linear problems. In addition, they introduce a simple transformation (namely, order permutation) which provides a greedy yet very effective approximation of the optimal solution. Practically, they show that with a careful implementation, the favorable properties of the order permutation may be achieved in an asymptotically optimal computational complexity. Importantly, they provide theoretical guarantees, showing that while not every random vector can be efficiently decomposed into independent components, the majority of vectors do decompose very well (that is, with a small constant cost), as the dimension increases. In addition, they demonstrate the use of factorial codes to data compression in multiple setups (2017).
See also
Blind signal separation (BSS)
Principal component analysis (PCA)
Factor analysis
Unsupervised learning
Image processing
Signal processing
References
Horace Barlow, T. P. Kaushal, and G. J. Mitchison. Finding minimum entropy codes. Neural Computation, 1:412-423, 1989.
Jürgen Schmidhuber. Learning factorial codes by predictability minimization. Neural Computation, 4(6):863-879, 1992
J. Schmidhuber and M. Eldracher and B. Foltin. Semilinear predictability minimization produces well-known feature detectors. Neural Computation, 8(4):773-786, 1996
A. Painsky, S. Rosset and M. Feder. Generalized independent component analysis over finite alphabets. IEEE Transactions on Information Theory, 62(2):1038-1053, 2016
A. Painsky, S. Rosset and M. Feder. Large Alphabet Source Coding using Independent Component Analysis. IEEE Transactions on Information Theory, 63(10):6514 - 6529, 2017
Independence (probability theory)
Signal processing
The 1951 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 20th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Kerry entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by Armagh in the All-Ireland semi-final.
On 23 September 1951, Roscommon won the championship following a 2-7 to 1-5 defeat of Armagh in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title overall and their first in seven championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
final was in dec not September. Please correct.
1951
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
José Domingues dos Santos (5 August 1885 – 16 August 1958) was a Portuguese politician, jurist, professor and journalist who, among other positions, served as President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister) of one of the many governments of the Portuguese First Republic (1924-1925). He was a member of the free masonry, at least since 1922.
References
1885 births
1958 deaths
Naval ministers of Portugal
People from Matosinhos
Prime Ministers of Portugal
Labor ministers
Portuguese republicans
Portuguese journalists
Male journalists
20th-century journalists
The Daniel-Johnson dam (), formerly known as Manic-5, is a multiple-arch buttress dam on the Manicouagan River that creates the annular Manicouagan Reservoir. The dam is composed of 14 buttresses and 13 arches and is 214 km (133 mi) north of Baie-Comeau in Quebec, Canada. The dam was constructed between 1959 and 1970 for the purpose of hydroelectric power production and supplies water to the Manic-5 and Manic-5-PA power houses with a combined capacity of 2,660 MW. The dam is 214 m (702 ft) tall, 1,314 m (4,311 ft) long and contains 2,200,000 m3 (2,900,000 cu yd) of concrete, making it the largest dam of its type in the world.
The dam was named after Daniel Johnson Sr., the 20th Premier of Quebec, responsible for starting the project while serving as a minister in Duplessis's government. Johnson died on 26 September 1968, the day he was to preside over the scheduled inauguration of the dam. The facility is owned and operated by Hydro-Québec.
Background
During the summers of 1919 and 1920, hydrological studies were conducted on the Manicouagan and Outardes rivers, flowing into the St. Lawrence near the town of Baie-Comeau. The combined flow was then estimated at 40 million cubic meters, making it one of the largest hydrological systems in Canada. Although harnessing of this potential was considered interesting, its distance from major load centres and the lack of roads in the area were identified as major drawbacks, and building dams in the wilderness was considered too costly.
After the Second World War, the discovery of large iron deposits on the North Shore and the increased forestry activity led to a rapid development of the region. The area's largest cities, Sept-Îles and Baie-Comeau, were now linked to the rest of the province by a road. At the same time, industrial development in southern Quebec required a larger electric supply. Improvements in long-distance electric transmission technologies became significant, with construction of two 315-kilovolt lines, between the Bersimis complex, west of the Manicouagan system, and Montreal, (completed in 1956) lifting another obstacle.
In 1955, Hydro-Québec launched a 5-year extensive assessment of the Manicouagan's suitability. These studies demonstrated the exceptional potential of the river and stressed the advantages of building a multi-dam system in order take full advantage of the terrain and water flows. The data collected at the time was so promising that Hydro-Québec did not wait for the working group to submit their final recommendations. By 1959, a decision was made and construction of a access road from Baie-Comeau was started. The original project, the Manicouagan-Outardes project, included the construction of five dams on the Manicouagan River (Manic-1, Manic-2, Manic-3, Manic-4 and Manic-5) and three on the Outardes River (Outardes-2, Outardes-3 and Outardes-4). However, a miscalculation prevented the construction of the Manic-4 dam and powerhouse because engineers realized early on that it would encroach on the Manic-3 reservoir.
In 1959, the Premier of Quebec, Maurice Duplessis, wanted a US firm to construct the dam but Quebec's Minister of Water Resources at the time, Daniel Johnson was against the idea. Johnson believed that the skill of a Canadian firm and workers was well suited for the construction of such a complex dam. Duplessis' successor in 1959, Paul Sauvé agreed with Johnson and he continued to pave the way for the dam. Eventually, engineers would choose André Coyne's design for a multiple arch buttress dam as the most suitable and economical.
Construction
Construction on the dam's support facilities began in 1959 and the river diversion tunnels and foundation preparation commenced in 1960. To divert the Manicouagan River, workers blasted and dug two long and diameter tunnels through the gorge's solid granite west wall. Workers used "jumbo" drilling platforms and the tunnels progressed each shift. To facilitate the river's diversion, two cofferdams were built. The first was a concrete arch upstream from the dam site which would block the river, forcing it into the diversion tunnels. The second cofferdam was downstream and prevented water from flowing back into the construction site. Each cofferdam was built on alluvial deposits (loose soil), so they needed to be watertight, which was accomplished with either a grout curtain or deep supporting piles. Once the river was diverted, workers pumped the remaining water out between the two cofferdams in order to prepare the site for construction. Once drained, workers excavated the alluvial deposits between the cofferdams, creating a long pit that was deep at the centre. This pit was then filled with concrete in the summer of 1962. To prevent seepage in the dam's foundation, a grout curtain was injected in the bedrock and a drainage network with of tunnels was constructed just downstream of the dam to collect water that might seep through.
After the extensive preparatory works were complete, the first concrete for the dam was poured on October 3, 1962. Concrete was poured day and night, but was halted during the winter because of freezing temperatures. To organize the pouring, the dam was split into plots and each was raised about five or six feet at a time. Workers had about 150 days — before seasonal flooding — to construct the dam to a height of at least . Before flooding began, engineers planned to seal the diversion tunnels and begin filling the reservoir. To speed the pouring process, concrete was poured in casts by buckets that moved along three cableways suspended above the construction site. The deadline was met within the 150 days and a total of of concrete was poured. The dam was eventually completed in 1968.
Dedication and naming
On September 25, 1968, the government-owned utility organized a ceremony to mark the completion of the Manicouagan-5 dam. Hundreds of dignitaries, politicians, utility executives, financiers, engineers and journalists were ferried by plane from Montreal, Quebec City and New York to the work-site to attend a banquet and a plaque unveiling ceremony.
Among the guests were Quebec Union Nationale Premier, Daniel Johnson Sr., his predecessor, Jean Lesage, and René Lévesque, the former Hydraulic Resources minister responsible for the consolidation of all investor-owned utilities into Hydro-Québec. Photographs taken at the banquet show the three men were in excellent spirits, holding hands and smiling, although relations between the Liberal leader and his former cabinet minister were strained by Lévesque's recent defection to the Mouvement Souveraineté-Association, a precursor of the Parti Québécois.
In his authorized biography, Hydro-Québec executive Robert A. Boyd recalls being woken up at 6 a.m. the next morning by his boss, Roland Giroux. "I've got bad news, Robert...", said Giroux, adding that he just found the Premier lying dead in his bed. Johnson's sudden demise sent shock waves at the work-site and across the province and the dedication ceremony was quickly cancelled.
On September 26, 1969, a year to the day after Johnson's death, the new Premier Jean-Jacques Bertrand accompanied by Johnson's widow and children, unveiled two plaques and officially dedicated the dam after his predecessor. Both plaques now sit side by side at the top of the complex.
Facilities
Dam
The design was chosen for strength and economical reasons as it used less concrete or material than a gravity or embankment dam. The Daniel-Johnson dam is a tall and long multiple-arch buttress dam. Of the dam's 14 total buttresses, the two that form the centre arch are apart at their base while the others are about apart. At its thickest point, the centre, the dam is wide while the crest can reach about wide. Pressure from water behind the dam is transferred from the dam's arches to its buttresses and lastly into the ground or its foundation.
The dam was constructed with a high-quality concrete designed to withstand constant thawing and freezing associated with its environment. To further help the structure cope with the climate, engineers placed one-inch steel reinforcing bars within the upstream and downstream faces of the dam. The concrete's strength in compression was initially 4,500 lbs. per square inch to meet an estimated 1,500 PSI within the structure. The upstream face of the dam was also coated in asphalt for protection against water. Despite the strength of the dam's concrete, two parallel inclined cracks were discovered on one of the arches shortly after construction.
Reservoir
The dam impounded the Manicougan River, which filled the Earth's fifth largest confirmed impact crater, the Manicouagan crater, creating Manicouagan Reservoir. Coincidentally, the reservoir itself is the fifth largest in the world as well. The reservoir has a maximum depth of , mean depth of and contains of water. While draining an area of , it has a surface area of and shoreline of .
The reservoir is a well known area for Atlantic salmon, lake trout and northern pike fishing, although tall trees flooded during the impoundment have not decomposed due to a lack of oxygen, which can sometimes interfere with the sport.
The priming of the reservoir also created a large artificial island in the centre of the Manicouagan reservoir by merging two crescent-shaped lakes: Mouchalagane Lake on the western side and Manicouagan Lake on the eastern side. Covering an area of , René-Levasseur Island is considered to be the second largest island in the world located in a lake, in terms of area (the largest is Manitoulin Island, located within neighbouring Ontario's portion of Lake Huron).
The island was named after René Levasseur, the chief engineer responsible for the construction of the Daniel-Johnson dam. Levasseur died at the age of 35, only days before the dam's inauguration.
Powerhouses
The dam fuels two powerhouses, the Manic-5 and Manic-5-PA. The first powerhouse consists of eight Francis turbines, capable of producing up to of power, which went online in 1970. The second powerhouse, the Manic-5-PA (PA stands for puissance additionnelle or additional power), was commissioned in 1989, and consists of four Francis turbines of in total installed capacity.
The designers of the Manic-5 decided on an above ground power house that was downstream of the dam for safety and cost. The intake was built on the east side of the dam and supplies two , long diameter concrete-lined penstocks (tunnels). Just before reaching the power house and its eight turbines, each penstock splits into four branches. The power house is about downstream of the dam and utilizes two surge tanks for sudden rises in water pressure from the two penstocks. Each surge tank has an diameter expansion chamber and is about higher than the actual dam structure. The surge tanks protect the penstocks and turbines from water hammer which would occur if the turbine gates were quickly closed and water pressure suddenly increases.
Cultural and political significance
The construction of the Daniel-Johnson Dam and the Manic-Outardes complex happened in a larger social and political context of the Quiet Revolution in Quebec, a time when recently nationalized "Hydro-Québec rapidly becomes a symbol of the new Quebec nationalism and of the new economic strategy of the State", explains historian Paul-André Linteau.
This newfound euphoric attitude is found in newspapers of the period. In a series of papers published in Montreal's La Presse, Renaude Lapointe calls Hydro-Québec a "colossus on the march". In this context, the construction of the complex is closely followed by the public and becomes part of the popular culture of that era.
For instance, chansonnier Georges Dor penned his 1966 hit song, La Manic, which tells the story of a construction worker at the remote jobsite who describes his loneliness to his wife in words that captured the collective imagination of the Quebec public.
Belgian-born novelist Henri Vernes was also inspired by the gigantic project and made the Manic-5 project the setting of one of his Bob Morane adventure novels. Terreur à la Manicouagan is about an attempt by arch-villain Roman Orgonetz to breach the dam by destroying the surge chamber by remote-controlled detonation, a plan foiled by Morane and his Scottish sidekick, Bill Ballantine. Prior to writing his novel, Vernes spent some time at the worksite, at the invitation of the Quebec government and Hydro-Québec. The book was launched in 1965 at the Hydro-Québec Building in Montreal.
Other notable visitors to the construction site included cartoonist Hergé, who left an original drawing of his characters Tintin the reporter and his dog Snowy posing in front of a ligne claire depiction of the dam. A colourized version of the autographed drawing is featured at the Jean-Lesage generating station visitor's centre, north of Baie-Comeau.
The hydroelectric project also gave its name to Montreal's first foray into professional soccer, the short-lived Montreal Manic. The franchise competed for three seasons in the North American Soccer League in the early 1980s. In March 2000, the Canada Post Corporation issued a 46 cent stamp featuring the Dam as part of a 4-stamp Millennium Collection sheet depicting "engineering and technological marvels".
Guided tours
The dam is also a tourist attraction. Since the 1960s, Hydro-Québec organizes four daily tours of the facility between June 24, Quebec's National Day, and August 31. Off-season tours can also be arranged by appointment. The two-hour tour includes a briefing on the construction and operation of the facility, a visit of the Manic-5 powerhouse and a bus ride to the base and the crest of the dam, which has a view of the Manicouagan River valley. A lookout five minutes away by car is a popular picnic spot, with a view of the dam, which is lit at night .
Although picture-taking is allowed in the visitor centre and outside, cameras have been banned inside the powerhouses since a Radio-Canada television crew entered the unguarded Manic-5-PA and Robert-Bourassa powerhouses in February 2005. The incident led to the resignations of Hydro-Québec's CEO André Caillé, and chairman of the Board André Bourbeau, less than two months later.
The dam is about three hours' drive from Baie-Comeau along narrow, winding Route 389. Hydro-Québec reported 8,217 visitors in 2009.
See also
List of the largest power stations in Canada
List of conventional hydroelectric power stations
Hydro-Québec's electricity transmission system
Jean-Lesage generating station
René-Lévesque generating station
Notes
References
Further reading
.
.
External links
3D model
Manicouagan-Outardes hydroelectric project
Dams in Quebec
Buttress dams
Arch dams
Dams completed in 1970
Dams on the Manicouagan River
Energy infrastructure completed in 1970
1970 establishments in Quebec
Publicly owned dams in Canada
Henry Filby Myles (6 June 1911 – 15 June 1942) was a South African first-class cricketer and Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve officer.
The son of Henry and Rebecca Myles, he was born at Cape Town in June 1911. Myles made his debut in first-class cricket for Western Province against the touring Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Cape Town in November 1930. His second first-class appearance came for Western Province came the following month against Griqualand West. Six years later in 1936, Myles made a third and final appearance in first-class cricket for Rhodesia against Transvaal at Johannesburg. He scored 66 runs at an average of 11.00 in his three first-class matches, with his highest score of 35 coming against the touring MCC.
Myles served in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve during the Second World War as a pilot officer. While undergoing training as a Bristol Blenheim pilot as part of No. 1 (Observers) Advanced Flying Unit based at RAF Wigtown, Myles along with his crew were killed on 15 June 1942 when the bomber he was piloting crashed shortly after take-off following engine failure. Myles was subsequently buried at Kirkinner Cemetery.
References
External links
1911 births
1942 deaths
Cricketers from Cape Town
South African cricketers
Western Province cricketers
Rhodesia cricketers
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force officers
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1942
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in Scotland
The Druesberg (or Drusberg) is a mountain located north of Pragel Pass in the Schwyzer Alps and the canton of Schwyz. It lies on the range between Unteriberg and Muotathal.
The skiing and hiking area Hoch-Ybrig lies to the north-west of the mountain summit, on the slopes into the valleys of the Minster and Waag rivers. To the north-east, the mountain is drained by the upper reaches of the Sihl, which eventually flows the centre of the city of Zürich.
References
External links
Druesberg on SummitPost
Druesberg on outdooractive.com
Druesberg on Hikr
Mountains of Switzerland
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of the canton of Schwyz
The Aurelia Star is the local weekly newspaper of Aurelia and Alta in Iowa. It was first published in March 1881 as the Aurelia Sentinel and has changed ownership at least 11 times in its history.
Precursors
Before the publication of the Aurelia Sentinel, two newspapers circulated in Aurelia, Iowa. One, the Gazette, was printed in Storm Lake, Iowa, beginning in 1878. The other newspaper was first named the Clincher until the owner, George L. Bailey, renamed it the Aurelia Independent. Both newspapers became defunct when the Aurelia Sentinel began publication.
History
The Aurelia Sentinel was founded in March 1881. It was operated by A. L. Belew until 1891, when it was acquired by C. G. Bundy. In 1893, Bundy sold the newspaper to Bert Lloyd and his brother. Bert Lloyd became the sole owner in 1896. In 1909, Lloyd sold the newspaper to A. S. Crabb who in turn published it until May 7, 1912, when it was acquired by E. C. Lighter. Lighter published the newspaper until his death in 1948. In July 1950, Lighter's estate sold the Aurelia Sentinel to William H. Buist, a resident of Sioux City, Iowa. Buist sold the publication to Selene Lighter in 1950, who in turn sold it later that year to Robert S. and Helen Forbes on the occasion of Helen's birthday. Robert Forbes sold the newspaper to Laurence Ober of Schaller, Iowa in 1982.
Under the name Aurelia Star, the newspaper was purchased by Mid-America Publishing from Marcell Publishing in December 2016, and it was acquired by Storm Lake Times in 2020. The newspaper is still published and copies are held at the State Historical Society of Iowa.
Format
During the first forty years of publication, each word was set by hand with one letter being used at a time. According to a book published in 1889, the Sentinel was considered a Republican newspaper. When the first Linotype machine came to Aurelia, the lines of text were set one at a time. In 1969, the Aurelia Sentinel transitioned to offset printing.
The newspaper was published on two to three days a week. On March 5, 1953, the newspaper was published in a tabloid format for the first time. The new format made the newspaper easier to operate and less congested by advertising. According to a 1973 report, the Aurelia Sentinel had 1,096 subscribers in 34 states.
The newspaper serves the towns Aurelia and Alta.
References
External links
Aurelia Star homepage
Publications established in 1881
Newspapers published in Iowa
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
1881 establishments in Iowa
Count Hercules Turati or Ercole Turati (1829 –1881, Milano) was a wealthy Milanese banker and naturalist. He purchased natural history specimens and built up a very large private collection of more than 20,000 bird specimens, mostly mounted, which include the now extinct Great Auk. The Museo Civico di Storia Naturale di Milano was constructed to house the specimens that his heirs donated to the city after his death. A large number of specimens were however destroyed during an air raid in 1943.
Along with his brother Ernesto, he also made collections of the nests and eggs of the birds of Lombardy. Along with Tommaso Salvadori, he described Pharomachrus xanthogaster in 1874 as the yellow-billed quetzal from Bogota which was considered later as a colour variant of Pharomachrus auriceps but may represent a hybrid. After his death, his collection was transferred to the Museo Civico di Storia Naturale di Milano which was constructed to house it. This collection was curated by Giacinto Martorelli and Edgardo Moltoni. Several species of birds are named after him including Picoides pubescens turati and Laniarius turatii. A brother, Vittorio Turati was a pioneer photographer who developed a process of printing varying tints called Sincromia or Synchromie. Some prints made using this process were included in Martorelli's catalogue of Turati's raptor collections. His son Emilio Turati (1858 - 1938) was an entomological collector.
References
Italian ornithologists
WONG (1150 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Canton, Mississippi. The station is owned by Marion R. Williams. It airs an Urban AC and Gospel music format.
The station was assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on April 1, 1986.
References
External links
Gospel radio stations in the United States
ONG
Urban adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1989
1989 establishments in Mississippi
ONG
The 1964 Harrow Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Harrow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Harrow. This borough formed the new London Borough of Harrow by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 168 candidates stood in the election for the 56 seats being contested across 15 wards. These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties, while the Liberals stood 50 candidates. Other candidates included 6 from the Communist party. There were 7 three-seat wards, 5 four-seat wards and 3 five-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. The Conservatives got 6 aldermen and Labour 3.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives gain the new council with a majority of 16 after winning 36 of the 56 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 43.0%. This turnout included 793 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Taufkirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
Taufkirchen is the location of the Wasserschloss Taufkirchen, a moated castle over 700 years old.
References
Erding (district)
Werner von Eichstedt (1 January 1896 – 26 August 1944) was a German general (Generalmajor) in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany. Eichstedt was killed on 26 August 1944 near Kishinev, Moldova during the Soviet Second Jassy–Kishinev Offensive.
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 16 November 1943 as Oberst and commander of Artillerie-Regiment 306
References
Citations
Bibliography
1896 births
1944 deaths
People from Steinfurt (district)
Major generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
People from the Province of Westphalia
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
German prisoners of war in World War I
World War I prisoners of war held by France
Prussian Army personnel
Reichswehr personnel
Military personnel from North Rhine-Westphalia
Mo Industrial Park () is one of Norway's largest industrial parks, situated in the town of Mo i Rana, North Norway. The company Mo Industrial Park produces oxygen, nitrogen and compressed air, and also provides security, telephone-switchboard and mail services to the other companies in the park. The companies engage in a wide range of activities, including iron and steel production, ferro alloy production, workshop industry, service industry, research, quality and computer technology, expertise industry, and even fish farming. Total gross income is close to 4 billion NOK per year.
The industrial park is located where the company Norsk Jernverk had its production facilities. In 1946, after World War II, the Parliament of Norway saw a need for steel production in Norway, while also wanting to strengthen the development of North Norway by encouraging industrial activity in the region, providing employment to thousands of people. This led to the decision to build an iron mill in Mo i Rana. Norwegian Iron Work was producing steel for the country from 1947 until 1988, when the company was divided into several new companies. The iron mill had a significant impact on the town development of Mo i Rana. In 1955, the city's population had grown from 2,000 to 20,000. In 2007, the park housed 130 companies. It is still important for the local society, giving work to approximately 2,000 people.
Companies
This is an incomplete list of the companies present in the park.
Ruukki Profiler AS, (Rautaruukki) (produces reinforcement steel products, based on melted trash iron. It is Norway's largest recovery plant. The company has its own rolling mill.
Rio Doce Manganese Norway (produces Manganese alloys, Carbon monoxide, Steel Profiles)
Molab AS (industrial laboratory)
Fesil Rana Metall AS (produces ferrosilicon)
NRK (licence division)
Rana Industriterminal AS. (one of Norway's busiest harbours)
Mo Fjernvarme AS. (distributes heated water to the city, with a yearly production of 70 GWh)
References
External links
Mo industrial Park
Molab AS
Rio Doce starts producing in Norway
Ruukki Profiler AS
Industrial parks in Norway
Companies based in Rana, Norway
Hesar-e Shalpush (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Shālpūsh; also known as Ḩeşār and Qal‘eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Malard Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 324, in 80 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Nininger can refer to:
People
Alexander R. Nininger, recipient of the Medal of Honor
Harvey H. Nininger, meteorite collector
Place names
In the United States:
Nininger, Minnesota, a former town
Nininger Township, Dakota County, Minnesota
Admiral Sir Frederick Tower Hamilton (8 March 1856 – 4 October 1917) was a senior Royal Navy officer who went on to be Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel.
Naval career
Hamilton joined the Royal Navy in 1869 as a cadet on the training ship Britannia. He fought in Naval Brigade in the Zulu War in 1879, for which service he was mentioned in despatches. After promotion to Lieutenant he specialised into the Torpedo Branch and in 1884 after training was appointed a staff officer at the Torpedo Schoolship HMS Vernon. In 1892 he was promoted to commander and serving aboard the battleship HMS Hood. He was appointed in command of the torpedo school ship HMS Defiance at Devonport on 1 November 1897, promoted to captain on 1 January 1898, and re-appointed in command of the Defiance the same day. On 18 March 1902 he was appointed flag captain of the battleship HMS Bulwark, which in May was to become flagship of Admiral Sir Compton Domvile, Commander-in-Chief of the Mediterranean Fleet. Hamilton was Aide-de-Camp to the King between 1906 and 1907.
At the outset of the First World War Hamilton was Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel and was promoted to full admiral in June 1916. He went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Rosyth later that year but died suddenly from a heart attack in 1917 and is buried in Fife.
He lived at Anmer Hall near King's Lynn in Norfolk.
Honours and awards
21 November 1903 – During the visit of the King to Malta Captain Frederick Tower Hamilton, Royal Navy, Flag Captain to Commander-in-Chief, Malta was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order.
9 November 1908 – Rear-Admiral Frederick Tower Hamilton, MVO, is promoted to be a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
1 January 1913 – Vice-Admiral Frederick Tower Hamilton, CVO, is appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath
Family
Hamilton married Maria Walpole Keppel, the daughter of Admiral Sir Henry Keppel; they went on to have two sons (including Admiral Sir Louis Keppel Hamilton) and two daughters.
References
External links
|-
1856 births
1917 deaths
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Royal Navy admirals of World War I
Lords of the Admiralty
Military personnel from London
Royal Navy personnel of the Anglo-Zulu War
Stenoma niphacma is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 15 mm. The forewings are dark slaty fuscous with the costal edge white from one-fourth onwards and with a white slightly irregular line from before the middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum. There is a narrow white apical patch, attenuated to below the middle of the termen, marked with three blackish dots on the apical edge. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
This is the list of major streets in Pärnu, Estonia. The list is incomplete.
See also
List of streets in Narva
List of streets in Tallinn
List of streets in Tartu
References
Streets in Estonia
Pärnu
Parnu
Rank Pay is a scheme implemented by the Rajiv Gandhi led Indian National Congress (I) Government in 1986, in the wake of 4th Central Pay Commission (4CPC), that reduced the basic-pay, or grade pay, of seven armed officers ranks of 2nd Lieutenant, Lieutenant, captain, majors, lt-colonel, colonels, and brigadiers, and their equivalent in the Air Force and the Navy by fixed amounts designated as 'rank-pay'. The reduction in the basic-pay, the established basis of determining rank equivalences between armed forces officers and civilian and police counterparts, altered long established historical grade-pay equivalences or parities between armed forces officers and police officer, which was an accepted principle since 1947 for determination of armed forces grade pay, and which was 'further cemented' in 1973, by the 3 Central Pay Commission (3CPC). The reduction in grade-pay apart from causing asymmetries in rank equivalence between the officers from the Indian Police Service and armed forces affected the basic pay, allowances, entitlements, promotion prospects, status, and pension of thousands of officers in the service in January 1986, and the decades after that. In 2012, reduction in armed forces grade-pay, which was a subject of litigation since 1994, was declared illegal by the Supreme Court of India, which in a landmark judgement ordered the government to pay arrears to the more than 20,000 affected officers of the armed forces.
The 'rank-pay' scheme apart from provoking contentious litigation, was one of the causes that fueled protracted protest by veterans over One Rank, One Pension (OROP); and, in the estimate of former chiefs of the armed forces, the degradation of armed forces ranks which rank-pay deductions from basic pay caused, affected armed forces morale and national security, about which they wrote letters to the Prime minister, including Narendra Modi. The legacy of reduction of grade-pay of armed forces lingers, and has variously affected the outcomes of the 5th, 6th and 7th Central Pay Commission.
Measures
Rank-Pay implemented in 1986, was initiated and conceived during the tenure of S K Bhatnagar, Defence Secretary (July 1984-May 1988). It was implemented by the Government led by Rajeev Gandh who was both Prime Minister, and Defence Minister (1985-1987), and R. N. Kao, the PM's, police, security and intelligence adviser. Rank-Pay measures include [a] Implementation of a new pay system termed 'integrated running pay scale' ( Rs. 2300-100-3900-150-4200-EB-150-5100, covering a span of 28 years) for all ranks from Second Lieutenant till Brigadier( while retaining the existing system for civil services, including the Police) ; [b] the new basic-pay for captains till brigadier is depressed to the extent it excludes the rank pay component, which has been deducted; (c) rank-pay( which varies from Rs 200 to 1200 depending on rank) is explained by the 4CPC as well as the MOD as 'additional element', and not some thing that was deducted from the basic-pay; (d) in the MOD, and police led security apparatus, functional relationships between armed forces officers and police officers are reconfigured on the basis of the existence of new armed forces 'basic-pays'( i.e., basic-pay minus rank pay); [d] the new parities, are, however, not defined. The new reduced basic-pay distorts long established historical basic-pay parities between the armed forces officers, and defence civilians officers, and the police led security and intelligence bureaucracy.
Impact
The impact of the implementation of rank-pay on serving officers and veterans are diverse, lingering, and many of which are still unresolved. Rank-pay moderated basic-pay, the impact of which was neither properly examined nor explained, affects armed forces organizational structure, functions, morale, and civil-military relations, especially military-police relations. Some of the major affects are of 'Rank pay', implementation are: [a] It degrades armed forces ranks including the highly selective ranks of lieutenant colonels, colonels, and brigadier; [b] Rank Pay deductions roils the Armed Forces, and distorts 'historical parities', and established pay based-status and protocol equations. [c] 'Rank-pay', affects the over all morale of the young officers, as its impacts most directly officers in crucial first 20 years of service; [e] Armed forces officers who had had an edge of two years over the police at the 13 year of service were 'demoted' and made equal in basic-pay to those with 4 years of service;[f] Colonel of the army, Group captain of the airforce, and captains of the navy, who had, since the inception of the police rank of Deputy Inspector General (DIG) (as the second senior most rank in the police), had had a higher pay grade, were placed in lower grade than DIGs, which had been made into a time scale appointment to which every one was automatically entitled on completion of 14 years of service; [g] armed officers, find it difficult to understand why the government has chosen to fix the basic pay of police officers and defence civilians, including auditors, with 13 years of service, at a higher level than of army, navy, and airforce officers with similar number of years of service; [h] It promotes bureaucracy rivalries, and unsustainable false equations and parities; [i] The new debased basic-pay for the armed forces with all its potential for distortions spawns resentment and protracted litigation, starting in 1996, which goes on desultorily for almost two decades. (j) In 2006, following the 6 CPC, the Government lends support to the false equation sought to be imposed by the Rajeev Gandhi Government in 1986, as Major Navdeep, a specialist on military pays, explains. In 1973, after the 3rd CPC, Lt Colonels were in the scale Rs 1750-1950, about the same as Civil Selection Grade Scale of 1650-1800 (3rd CPC). In 2006, following the 6CPC, and on the promptings of MOD, lieutenant colonels were demoted to Pay-band 3 with Grade pay of 7600, in comparison with civil and police counterparts who were placed in Pay Band-4 with Grade Pay of Rs 8700. This demotion was partially corrected after an unseemly stand off, and lieutenant colonels, wing commanders of the airforce, commanders of the navy, were reluctantly moved up to Pay Band-4 with Grade Pay Rs 8000, still Rs 700 below similarly placed officers with same length of service from civil services like the Indian Defence Accounts Service, and police service.
Litigation
Rank-pay deductions from basic-pay, apart from being a cause of dismay, distress, and confusion in the armed forces, provoke decades of rancorous litigation between armed forces veterans, including widows, and the Ministry of Defence (MOD), exposing, very publicly, the distrust which the armed forces harbor against the MOD. Maj AK Dhanapalan, who first 'discovered' the flaws in rank-pay, and 4CPC, in 1996, went to court to seek legal redress. In 1997, after he retired, he spent the next ten years litigating 'rank pay' in the face of relentless opposition by the MOD. He wins his first case in 1998, but that is to no avail, as the Ministry of Defence appeals against the court decision. After protracted legal struggle, despite remorseless appeals by the MOD, the high court, in a landmark decision, declares 'rank-pay' deductions from basic-pay illegal. The Supreme Court concurs with high court decision that the 'rank pay' was wrongly deducted from basic pay.
Legacy
The legacy of 4CPC and rank-pay lingers according to Navdeep Singh, a lawyer and expert on military pays, who closely follows issues affecting armed forces pay and pensions, lingers. Even after the 'rank-pay' deductions from basic-pay are held to be illegal by the highest court, the MOD continues its efforts to reconfigure military ranks: in 2006, after 6CPC, the new 'grade pay' is configured to achieve the intent of the rank-pay, triggering a storm of protest; and again, in 2016, after 7CPC, the BJP Government, implements differentiated pay matrix-es for the defence-civilians, police, and others, and the armed forces, the underling intent of which is the same as the introduction 'rank-pay' by the congress government, in 1986. Former Chief of Indian Army Ved Malik, and others, recognizing the intent of the BJP government decision, calls the decision blatantly 'discriminatory' and intended to degrade armed forces ranks in comparison with police time scale ranks. The BJP, despite its public protestations, has lent support to embedded legacy of the Rank-Pay, by deciding in favor of what have been called biased and discriminatory pay scales by the armed forces headquarters, and the Chiefs of the three services. It has yet to explain its stand or examine the larger issues represented by the continuing sense of unease in the armed forces.
Timeline
February 1996
Major (retd) Dhanapalan, who took premature retirement in 1997, files petition in the High Court of Kerala, challenging his "re-fixation of pay' following the implementation of 4CPC by MoD."
19 December 1997
MoD issues Special Army Instructions (SAI) No. 2/S/1998 (and corresponding special instructions for the Navy and Air Force) on incorporating the impugned formula of 4CPC for re-fixation, recommended by the 5th CPC, which had submitted its report in September 1997.
5 October 1998
Single Judge issued a judgment in favor of Maj Dhanapalan. MoD files Writ Appeal before the High Court's Division Bench against the order of the Single Judge.
4 July 2003
The Division Bench confirms the judgment of the Single Judge.
2006
MOD agrees to pay Major Dhanapalan his arrears. While conceding that it acted wrongly in the case of Major Dhanapalan, opposes extending the benefits to other similarly affected officers, compelling them, and the many widows, to go to court at their own cost, to seek their dues.
8 March 2010
Supreme Court of India rules in favour of all the Armed Forces officers eligible to be paid Rank Pay. It agrees with "the High Court of Kerala that the amount equivalent to Rank Pay should not have been deducted and the MoD should pay arrears with an interest of 6 percent per annum from 1.1.1986 i.e. the date from which Rank Pay was authorised by the Govt of India. Instead of implementing the Supreme court ruling, MoD files an "Interlocutory Application" praying to the Supreme Court to "recall, re-hear, modify," its order of 8 March 2010, "utilising recommendations of a High Powered Committee (HPC) comprising Pradeep Kumar (IAS), then Defence Secretary, Secretary Defence (Finance), and Secretary Expenditure to impress upon the Court that it would entail an expenditure of Rs 1623.71 crores if the order was implemented as it would lead to re-fixation of emoluments of Armed Forces officers for the periods of 4th, 5th and 6th CPC. What was left unsaid was that it was the faulty interpretation and delays in implementation by MoD that led to the situation".
4 September 2012
A Bench of three Judges of the Supreme Court of India upholds the Court's order dated 8 March 2010 with the proviso that interest to be paid from 1.1.2006, the date when the first of several writ petitions were filed by affected Armed Forces officers, instead of 1 January 1986, the date on which rank-pay was implemented. The Court also directed the Government to complete payment of arrears and interest within 12 weeks from 4 September 2012.
17 October 2012
Rohinton F Nariman, Solicitor General of India, advises the MOD to implement the Court's order dated 4 September 2012 in letter and spirit.
27 December 2012
MoD, agrees to pay part of the arrears from 1.1.1986 to 31.12.1995 but objects to paying arrears from 1.1.1996 to 31.12.2005 on the ground that Supreme Court orders lacked clarity for payment and re-fixation from 1.1.2006
See also
One Rank, One Pension
One Rank One Pension Scheme
Sixth Central Pay Commission
7th Central Pay Commission (CPC) and Defence Forces
Defence pensions, India
References
External links
Keeping the Ld Solicitor General Informed - Rank Pay Case - Update
Rank Pay, Uniform Grade Pay, and the Facts from Courts' Orders
Report of the Fourth Central Pay Commission Ministry of Finance
Report of the Sixth Central Pay Commission Ministry of Finance
Report of Seventh Central Pay Commission Department of Expenditure, Ministry of Finance
Military history of India
Military of India
Military pay and benefits
Ministry of Defence (India)
Pensions in India
Veterans' affairs in India
Ormiston Maritime Academy (formerly known as Hereford Technology School) is a secondary school with academy status in Grimsby, North East Lincolnshire, England.
The school has an intake of 1048 pupils, aged 11 to 16.
In the last Ofsted report under its former name, Hereford Technology School, the school was found to have a larger proportion of pupils with disabilities or special learning requirements than is found on average nationally. The school has facilities to address these needs, and Extended Services for pupils and parents. The school gained specialist technology status in 2000, and moved into a new building in October 2010.
The school gained Academy status on 1 August 2011 when it became Ormiston Maritime Academy. It is sponsored by the Ormiston Academies Trust.
Notable alumni
Jane Andrews—murderer of Tom Cressman
Stuart Carrington—professional snooker player
Gary Lloyd—West End theatre director and choreographer
Danny North—footballer, formerly of Grimsby Town, subsequent League of Ireland and FAI Cup winner
References
External links
Ormiston Maritime Academy web site, Retrieved 19 January 2012
Academies in the Borough of North East Lincolnshire
Schools in Grimsby
Secondary schools in the Borough of North East Lincolnshire
Ormiston Academies
Myrtle Elizabeth Johnson (1881 – 1967) was an American marine biologist, ascidiologist, and educator in California in the early 20th century. She was the first woman PhD faculty member at the San Diego State College (now San Diego State University) and was chair of the Biology department for two decades. Her major work, Seashore Animals of the Pacific Coast, published in 1927, was the standard descriptive text of intertidal species until Ed Ricketts's Between Pacific Tides was published in 1939. Ricketts considered Johnson's book "the vade mecum of marine biologists of the Pacific. Indispensable."
Biography
Johnson was born on June 4, 1881, in East Troy, Wisconsin to Marian Gray Johnson and Dr. Theodore F. Johnson. In 1887, the Johnson family moved to National City, south of San Diego, for the doctor's health. Johnson attended San Diego State Normal School (now San Diego State University), graduating with a teaching credential in 1901. She taught in elementary and junior high schools in south San Diego, Palomar, and the Los Angeles city schools, before matriculating at the University of California, Berkeley in 1904. Johnson received her B.S. in Math and Zoology in 1908, and an M.S. in Zoology (with a secondary teaching credential) in 1909. She worked as a research assistant to William Ritter at the Marine Biological Association in La Jolla (1909-1910) before continuing post-graduate study in Zoology, working with Dr. Harry Beal Torrey. She received her PhD (Zoology) in 1912.
While working as a high school biology teacher in Pasadena (1912-1921), Johnson began work (1915) on a study of intertidal species with another Pasadena high school biologist, Harry James Snook. They continued to work on the text after Johnson joined the faculty of San Diego State College in 1921. Johnson and Snook's Seashore Animals of the Pacific Coast was first published in 1927, with a total of 4 printings (1927, 1935, 1955, 1967), with no second edition ever being completed.
Johnson died on August 17, 1967 in San Diego.
Career
William Ritter
Ed Ricketts
Harry Beal Torrey
Harry James Snook
Professional Societies
Member and Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science
Member and Fellow, California Academy of Sciences
Member and Fellow, San Diego Society of Natural History
Memberships
San Diego Fine Art Society
San Diego Zoological Society
Sierra Club
Audubon Society
Cooper Ornithological Society
National Parks Conservation Association (formerly National Parks Association)
Biological Photographic Association
University Women's Club
National Education Association (Life member)
National Association for Research in Science Teaching (Life member)
Alpha Delta Gamma
Selected bibliography
References
External links
1881 births
1967 deaths
American marine biologists
San Diego State University faculty
People from East Troy, Wisconsin
University of California, Berkeley alumni
San Diego State University alumni
Women marine biologists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
20th-century American zoologists
Poduri is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bucșești, Cernu, Cornet, Negreni, Poduri, Prohozești and Valea Șoșii.
The Poduri archeological site of the late Neolithic Cucuteni-Trypillian culture is significant due to its thirteen habitation levels that were constructed on top of each other over many years.
Geography
Poduri sits in the central-western part of the county, on the right bank of Tazlăul Sărat river. It lies around 4 km (2.5 miles) southeast of its nearest town Moinești. It is crossed by county road DJ117, which links west of Moinești (where it ends in DN2G) and south of Berzunți and Livezi (where it ends in DN11).
Natives
Eugen Chirnoagă
Platon Chirnoagă
Petre Grigoraș
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Cucuteni–Trypillia culture
Gregory Betts (born 1975) is an award-winning Canadian scholar, poet, editor and professor.
He has taught at University of Toronto, Johannes Gutenberg Universität Mainz, Brock University, and University College Dublin. He is currently a professor at Brock University with a speciality in Canadian and avant-garde literature.<ref name="History Perspectives on Canadian Publishing.">[http://hpcanpub.mcmaster.ca/users/gbetts Historical Perspectives on Canadian Publishing], "Gregory Betts", McMaster University</ref> He is the author of nine books of poetry, editor of nine books of experimental writing in Canada, and author of the monograph Avant-Garde Canadian Literature: The Early Manifestations (University of Toronto Press, 2013) and the monograph Finding Nothing: The VanGardes, 1959-1975 (University of Toronto Press, 2021). He was named the Chancellor's Chair for Research Excellence at Brock University in 2014 and the Craig Dobbin Professor of Canadian Studies at University College Dublin in 2018. In 2020, he became the President of the Association of Canadian College and University Teachers of English, the largest literary association for the study of English in Canada.
Life and work
Betts was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, but was raised in Toronto, Ontario. He graduated from Queen's University with a BA in English in 1998. He studied with Stephen Scobie, Misao Dean, Smaro Kamboureli, and George Bowering at the University of Victoria, where he graduated with an MA in 2000. Betts received his PhD in English literature from York University, supervised by John Lennox, Steve McCaffery, and Ray Ellenwood. He is a Professor at Brock University with a speciality in Canadian and Avant-Garde Literature.
He is the author of seven books of poetry, editor of nine books of experimental writing in Canada, and author of the monograph Avant-Garde Canadian Literature: The Early Manifestations (University of Toronto Press, 2013).Gregory Betts, Electronic Poetry Center He writes for The Canadian Encyclopaedia and his work is included in the anthologies Against Expression: An Anthology of Conceptual Writing (2011), The Sonnets: Translating & Rewriting Shakespeare (2012), Concrete & Constraint (2018), amongst others."Larissa Lai", The Canadian Encyclopaedia In addition to his books, Betts is the author of chapbooks and text collaborations with visual artists, including Matt Donovan and Hallie Siegel, Neil Hennessy, and Arnold McBay."Interview with Gregory Betts" Canadian Literature Symposium, 2008 He co-edited collection Avant Canada: Poets, Prophets, Revolutionaries (co-edited with Christian Bök, Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2019), a collection of 28 leading scholars and poets of the Canadian avant-garde.
He lives in St. Catharines, Ontario with his wife and two children.
Reception
The University of Toronto Quarterly wrote, "Betts has created not only an invaluable archive of what it means to be 'modern' in Canada - the writings read like a cross-section of compacted layers social, material, and spiritual crisis in urban and rural Canada...but to the wider context of aesthetic, political, and spiritual fault lines of modern culture in English Canada." In 2014, Betts was named the Chancellor's Chair for Research Excellence at Brock University. In 2017, he received a City of St. Catharines Arts Award ("Jury's Pick") and in 2018, he was named the Craig Dobbin Professor of Canadian Studies at the University College of Dublin, Ireland.Finding Nothing: The VanGardes, 1959-1975 received the 2022 Basil Stuart-Stubbs Prize for Outstanding Book on British Columbia. Dr. Susan E. Parker, UBC's University Librarian, said, “The story laid out in this book, which is at once coherent and many-dimensioned, represents a huge volume of research material that has been thoroughly examined and analyzed. The book models what deft handling of complicated subject matter and materials should be. We are pleased to recognize Dr. Betts' book with the Basil' Stuart-Stubbs Prize.” The book has also received the 2021 Gabrielle Roy Prize, which each year honours the best work of scholarship on literature produced in Canada written in English. The judges said, "Filled with visual evidence of a vibrant cultural movement, this is a crucial source for those with an interest in late twentieth-century poetry and visual art, the history of small press activity, and the cultural histories of Vancouver."
Works Finding Nothing: The VanGardes, 1959-1975. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2021.Avant-Garde Canadian Literature: The Early Manifestations. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2013.
Poetry books The Fabulous Op. Co-written with Gary Barwin. Co. Tipperary, Ireland: Beir Bua Press, 2022.Foundry. Achill Island, Ireland: RedFoxPress, 2021. Sweet Forme: Shake-Speare's Perfect Sonnets. Sidney, Australia: Apothecary Press, 2020. Boycott. Los Angeles: Make Now Press, 2014.This Is Importance: A Student's Guide to Literature. Hamilton: Wolsak and Wynn, 2013.The Obvious Flap. Co-written with Gary Barwin. Toronto: BookThug, 2011.Psychic Geographies and Other Topics. Toronto: Quattro Press, 2010.The Others Raisd in Me. Toronto: Pedlar Press, 2009.Haikube. Produced in collaboration with Matt Donovan and Hallie Siegal. Toronto: BookThug, 2006. If Language. Toronto: BookThug, 2005.
As editor
Editor and Introduction. They Have Bodies: A Realistic Novel in Five Acts. By Barney Allen. Ottawa: University of Ottawa Press, 2020.
Co-editor and Introduction with Christian Bök. Avant Canada: Poets, Prophets, Reovlutionaries. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2019.
Editor and Introduction. Space Between Her Lips: The Poetry of Margaret Christakos. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2017.
Co-editor and Introduction with Paul Hjartarson and Kristine Smitka. Counterblasting Canada: Marshall McLuhan, Wyndham Lewis, Wilfred Watson, and Sheila Watson. Edmonton: University of Alberta Press, 2016.
Co-editor with Derek Beaulieu. Avant Canada: More Useful Knowledge. An anthology of contemporary Canadian experimental writing. Calgary: NO Press, 2014.
Co-editor and Afterword with Derek Beaulieu. RUSH: What Fuckan Theory; A Study uv Langwage. By bill bissett. Toronto: BookThug, 2012.
Editor and Introduction. Lawren Harris In the Ward: His Poetry and Painting. Toronto: Exile Editions, 2007. Second edition modified to Contrasts: Lawren Harris In the Ward: A Book of Poetry and Paintings, 2012.
Editor and introduction. After Exile: A Raymond Knister Poetry Reader. Toronto: Exile Editions, 2003. Second edition 2011.
Editor and introduction. The Wrong World: Bertram Brooker's Stories and Essays. Ottawa: The University of Ottawa Press, 2009.
Assistant editor. W.W.E. Ross: Irrealities, Sonnets & Laconics. Editor Barry Callaghan. Toronto: Exile Editions, 2003.
Artworks and exhibitions
Haikube with Matt Donovan and Hallie Siegel. Olga Korper Gallery, Toronto 2007.
Petits Genres with Matt Donovan and Hallie Siegel, Vanessa Place, and Christian Bök. Olga Korper Gallery, Toronto 2012.
Exquisite Corp. Art Under Glass, St. Catharines 2011.
The Twelve Trials of Jason Chimera with Neil Hennessy. Niagara Artists Centre, St. Catharines 2009.
Signs of Our Discontent. With Arnold McBay. In the Soil Arts Festival, St. Catharines 2018.
References
External links
Gregory Betts at Brock University.
Profile at the Electronic Poetry Centre
Gregory Betts at Open Book Toronto
Gregory Betts at GEIST.com
Reviews of Betts' work at Influency Salon, Issue 4: Giving It Up''
1975 births
Living people
21st-century Canadian poets
Canadian academics of English literature
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
Brock University faculty
Writers from Toronto
Writers from Vancouver
Canadian male poets
21st-century Canadian male writers
The Atlantic Northeast () is a geographic and cultural region of eastern North America bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the east and (loosely) by the Saint Lawrence River to the northwest. Though no official boundary exists, the most common conception includes the Maritime Provinces, southern Quebec, and the island of Newfoundland in Canada, and the New England region of the United States. Broader conceptions reach further north into Canada, including Labrador and the Côte-Nord region of Quebec. Narrower conceptions may be limited to the coastal areas east of the Appalachian Mountains. The variety of definitions can be attributed to overlapping commonalities of the region's history, culture, geography, ecology, society, and other factors.
Definition
Though cross-border connections are widely acknowledged, the area has rarely been given a single name. "Atlantic Northeast" is a term that has been used most prominently in discussions of regional folk culture; another name that is used is "Atlantica". These names are often tied to various proposals for greater economic or political integration of the region.
The term "Atlantic Northeast" should not be confused with Atlantic Canada, which includes the entirety of New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island, but excludes Quebec. It should also not be confused with the northeastern portion of the Atlantic Ocean.
History
According to archeologists, humans first settled in the Atlantic Northeast during the last ice age, roughly 11,000 years ago. The predominant tribes in the region 11,000 years ago were the Penobscot, Miꞌkmaq, Maliseet, and Passamaquoddy, all of whom were later associated with the Wabanaki Confederacy. These tribes mainly inhabited the soon-to-be Maritime Provinces, as well as Vermont, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts. Before 1620 the conflicts between Native American tribes and English settlers started due to the alienation of tribes; they also kidnapped members of the tribes through violence. The violence among the Natives, French, and English confused the Native American tribes because they also traded with proper settlers, but this left the tribes resentful of the European nations. The presence of the French and English in the Atlantic Northeast attracted the Dutch to begin trading on the Hudson River with different tribes. The new presence of these traders also brought unwanted microbes, viruses, and bacteria that took a heavy toll on the Native American population. When smallpox swept the New England area in 1610 the Native American population hit an all-time low, since they were trying to fight off a virus that was not indigenous to the area. Eventually the population recovered but not completely. After the outbreak settlers became highly interested in the Natives' beaver pelts, which they would trade for glass, metal, and weapons.
During the period of the expulsion of the Acadians, thousands were deported from the present-day Canadian provinces of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward Island, as well as from northern Maine — parts of an area known as Acadia — into the Thirteen Colonies, from 1755 until 1758. Large parts of Nova Scotia were subsequently resettled by new arrivals from New England before 1775. At the end of the American Revolution, nearly 75,000 Loyalists resettled in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick and Québec. Close to 3,500 free African Americans went to Nova Scotia. Before 1860, about 30,000–40,000 black people entered Canada, many of them joining the previous group in Nova Scotia, either free or as escaped slaves through the Underground Railroad. From the mid-19th century until the Great Depression in the 1930s, nearly 900,000 French Canadians emigrated from Québec to the U.S. Two-thirds went into New England mill towns.
Geography
Major geographical features of the Atlantic Northeast include the Appalachian Mountains, the Green Mountains, the Atlantic Ocean, Long Island Sound, the Gulf of Maine, the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, the Bay of Fundy, the Merrimack River, the Boston Harbor, the Taunton River, the Blackstone River, the Connecticut River, the Housatonic River, and the Hoosic River.
Border disputes
The "Gray Zone" is an area of land and sea which is claimed by both Canada and the United States. It is located off the coasts of New Brunswick and Maine. The only land within this area are two islands, Machias Seal Island and North Rock. The "Gray Zone" is one of four areas between the two countries whose sovereignty is still in dispute, but is the only one of the disputed areas containing land. In 1979, both countries filed a joint application to the International Court of Justice to avoid having the dispute settled when oceanic boundaries in the area were set for mineral and fishing rights. Canadians have had a continuous presence in the area since 1832 when a lighthouse was built.
Places of interest
Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument is located off the shore of Cape Cod. The national monument comprises of underwater canyons carved into the continental shelf, and has an underwater mountain rising above the ocean floor. This monument is home to many marine species, fish, whales, and dolphins. The monument was formed by a declaration by President Barack Obama.
Salem, Massachusetts, is a famous location in New England known primarily for the Salem witch trials. It was also one of Massachusetts' wealthiest ports for trading in the late 18th century.
Acadia National Park is on Mount Desert Island in Maine, with of woodlands, rocky shoreline, trails, camping, and wildlife. The park is home to Cadillac Mountain, the highest mountain on the east coast of the United States.
Climate
The Atlantic Northeast region has a four-season climate. In the New England region of the United States, summers are hot with an average temperature of in late June through August. In the fall the air is cool, with temperatures from , and in the spring it tends to be rainy, with temperatures from . In the winter there tends to be a lot of snowfall averaging around per year. The typical temperature in this area during the winter is around . The Canadian Maritimes have seasons very similar to the New England areas. New Brunswick has cold winters ranging from approximately and hot summers with temperatures from . Prince Edward Island has a climate similar to New Brunswick with temperatures ranging from in the summer and in the winter. In the summer in Nova Scotia temperatures will reach around , and in the winter temperatures will drop as low as .
Demographics
Most of the region's population is concentrated in southwestern New England and the Saint Lawrence Lowlands of Quebec, both of which form the northern part of their respective country's largest megalopolises. The region's largest metropolitan areas are Greater Boston, Massachusetts, with 4.8 million people; Greater Montreal, Quebec, with 4.1 million people; Greater Providence, Rhode Island, with 1.62 million people; and Greater Hartford, Connecticut, with 1.21 million people.
Largest cities and metropolitan areas
This is a list of the most populous cities and metropolitan areas in the Atlantic Northeast based on the 2016 Canadian Census and United States Census Bureau population estimates as of July 1, 2019.
Notes
Culture
Sports
Historical landmarks
Alexander Graham Bell National Historic Site in Baddeck, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, commemorates Alexander Graham Bell, a remarkable inventor who created Canada's first engine-powered airplane, the world's fastest boat, and the world's first telephone, along with many other achievements.
Halifax Citadel National Historic Site is the site of Fort George in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Visitors can take tours of the fort, learning about its soldiers, its legends and ghost stories, and even become a soldier for the day.
The Freedom Trail is a two and a half mile walking trail through the city of Boston that takes visitors past sixteen historic sites that led to the American Revolution, including the Boston Common, the Park Street Church, the Granary Burying Ground, King's Chapel, the Old Corner Bookstore, the Old State House, the site of the Boston Massacre, Faneuil Hall, the Paul Revere House, the Old North Church, the USS Constitution, and the Bunker Hill Monument.
The Salem Witch Museum describes the history of the Salem witch trials of 1692 through life-size figures and narrations.
The First Baptist Church in America was founded in Providence, Rhode Island, in 1638 by William Vincent Carpenter and Roger Williams and was later rebuilt in 1774. Guided tours are available from Memorial Day through Labor Day on weekdays, and self tours of the landmark are available all year round.
The Lake Champlain Maritime Museum, in Vergennes, Vermont, open from May to October, houses historic schooners, steamboats, wooden boats, shipwrecks, and even a Revolutionary War gunboat replica. Visitors can learn about the history of the lake's role in commerce, communication, transportation, and war, as well as its natural history above and below sea level.
Charlottetown City Hall is the oldest municipal building on Prince Edward Island, built in 1888. Visitors can tour the City Hall to learn about the history and present day of Prince Edward Island and the city of Charlottetown.
Education in Maritime
The Maritime Province Higher Education Committee is responsible for administering and assisting post-secondary education systems within the Canadian part of the region. They also help with institution and government programs to educate people with a better learning environment.
Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia Community College
McKenzie College
Kingston Bible College
Gaelic College
Canadian Coast Guard College
New Brunswick
New Brunswick Community College
New Brunswick Bible Institute
Maritime College of Forest Technology
Collège communautaire du Nouveau-Brunswick
Prince Edward island
Maritime Christian College
Collège de l'Île
Holland College
Economy
New England economy shows continuous growth in the second quarter of 2016. The unemployment rate is 4.4 percent which is a .6 drop from last years census in 2015. From 2015 to 2016 the job that had the most growth in a year was construction. The manufacturing nationally decreased from two thousand fifteen to two thousand and sixteen but the New England area had a nice increase.
Employment rate - Job growth in the New England states hit a growth rate of two point one percent which is an increase from last year.
Unemployment rate
Rhode Island - 17%
Connecticut - 7.9%
Massachusetts - 15.1%
New Hampshire - 16.7%
Maine - 10.6%
Vermont - 15.6%
Home prices
Home prices have raised nationally and regionally year-over-year house prices have all been positively marked up. However Massachusetts had the best house price gains out of the whole New England area which was a 5.2 percent mark up.
House price index
Massachusetts - five percent increase
New Hampshire - four percent increase
Maine - three percent increase
Vermont - two percent increase
Transportation
Wildlife
Birds
In the Atlantic Northeast it is common to see many birds living in the region, including bald eagles (Haliaeetus leucocephalus), piping plovers (Atlantic coast) (Charadrius melodus), the red-cockaded woodpecker (Picoides borealis), the red knot (Calidris canutus rufa), the North American subspecies of the roseate tern (Sterna dougallii dougallii), and shorebirds.
Aquatic life
The aquatic life in the Atlantic Northeast is quite extensive. The more common animals that are found in the area include the American eel (Anguilla rostrata), Appalachian monkey-face pearly mussel (Theliderma sparsa), dwarf wedgemussel (Alasmidonta heterodon), Atlantic horseshoe crab (Limulus polyphemus), Kenk's amphipod (Stygobromus kenki), and northern red-bellied cooter (Pseudemys rubriventris).
Plants
The plant life in the Atlantic Northeast is quite varied due to the turbulent climate in that area, but some of the more common plant life includes such species as Furbish lousewort](Pedicularis furbishiae), Jesup's milk-vetch (Astragalus robbinsii var. jesupii), and Northeastern bulrush (Scirpus ancistrochaetus).
See also
Acadia
Northeastern United States
The Maritimes
New England
Atlantic Canada
New England Governors and Eastern Canadian Premiers' Annual Conference
References
Geography of New England
Geography of the Maritimes
Geography of the United States
Geography of Canada
Geography of Connecticut
Geography of New Hampshire
Geography of New York (state)
Geography of Rhode Island
Geography of Vermont
Geography of Maine
Geography of Quebec
Geography of Nova Scotia
Geography of New Brunswick
Geography of Prince Edward Island
Geography of Newfoundland and Labrador
Serie A is the second tier of the Italian Rugby Union championship. Until the creation of the Super 10 (now Top12) in a 2002 restructuring exercise, it was the top tier.
Serie A is composed of 4 leagues of 6 teams. During the season, which runs from September to May, each team plays each other team in the same league at home and away. At the completion of this phase of competition, the top 2 teams from each league play off in semi-finals and a final to determine the champions who are then promoted to the Eccellenza competition for the following season.
References
Rugby union leagues in Italy
1986 establishments in Italy
Sport leagues established in 1986
John Grosskopf is an American academic administrator. Since 2009, Grosskopf has served as president of North Florida College (formerly North Florida Community College).
Biography
Grosskopf graduated with his bachelor's degree in English from Florida International University. He received his master's degree and did Doctoral course work in English at Florida State University.
Prior to becoming president of North Florida College, he served as the college's vice president of academic affairs and chief academic officer. As president of North Florida College, he has worked with the Madison County Chamber of Commerce to help students find jobs.
See also
North Florida College
Florida Community Colleges System
References
External links
Announced as President of NFCC
Living people
American educators
Florida State University alumni
Florida International University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Franz Richarz (15 October 1860, in Endenich – 10 June 1920, in Marburg) was a German physicist. His father, also named Franz Richarz (1812–1887), was a noted psychiatrist.
He studied mathematics and physics at the universities of Berlin and Bonn, receiving his doctorate in 1884 with the dissertation Bildung von Ozon, Wasserstoffsuperoxyd und Ueberschwefelsäure bei der Electrolyse verdünnter Schwefelsäure ("The formation of ozone, hydrogen peroxide and sulfuric acid during the electrolysis of dilute sulfuric acid"). In 1888 he obtained his habilitation and worked as a lecturer of physics at the University of Bonn. In 1895 he succeeded Anton Oberbeck as professor of physics at the University of Greifswald, where he also served as director of the Physics Institute. In 1901 he relocated as a professor to the University of Marburg. In 1907 he became a member of the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina.
With Otto Krigar-Menzel, he conducted a series of experiments for determination of the gravitational constant and the Earth's mean density.
Selected works
Bestimmung der Gravitationsconstante und der mittleren Dichtigkeit der Erde durch Wägungen, 1898 – Determination of the gravitational constant and the mean density of the earth.
Neuere fortschritte auf dem gebiete der elektrizität, 1899; Recent advances in the field of electricity.
Ueber Temperaturänderungen in Künstlich auf- und Abbewegter Luft, 1902.
Vorlesungen über Theorie der Wärme (as editor; 1903) – Hermann Helmholtz' lectures on the theory of heat.
Zur Erinnerung an Paul Drude zwei Ansprachen (with Walter König, 1906); In memory of Paul Drude; two speeches.
Anfangsgründe der Maxwellschen Theorie verknüpft mit der Elektronentheorie, 1909 – The rudiments of Maxwell's theory combined with the electron theory.
References
1860 births
1920 deaths
Scientists from Bonn
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
University of Bonn alumni
University of Greifswald faculty
University of Marburg faculty
20th-century German physicists
19th-century German physicists
Polyortha chlamydata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1912
Polyortha
Tri sestry (Three Sisters) is a 1998 opera by Péter Eötvös to a Russian libretto by Eötvös and Claus H. Henneberg based on Anton Chekhov's play Three Sisters. It was the composer's first large-scale opera. The premiere at the Opéra National de Lyon, directed by Ushio Amagatsu, was conducted by Kent Nagano, who had commissioned the work. The production was then also shown in Paris, Brussels, and at the Wiener Festwochen festival in 2002. It became an opera played at several European opera houses including the Vienna State Opera in 2016 and the Oper Frankfurt in 2018.
History
Péter Eötvös was commissioned by Kent Nagano to write an opera for the Opéra National de Lyon. It was to become his first large-scale opera. The composer chose Chekhov's 1901 Russian play Three Sisters as the basis. Together with Claus H. Henneberg, he wrote the libretto in German. It was then re-translated to Russian by Krzysztof Wiernicki. The librettists took episodes from the play and arranged them in so-called sequences, each devoted to one character: the youngest sister Irina, the brother Andrei, and the second sister Masha, while the oldest sister Olga and Andrei's wife Natasha are other major roles. The composer wrote the major female characters with the voice of a counter-tenor in mind. The main figures are characterized by solo instruments: flute for Olga, oboe and also English horn for Irina, clarinet for Masha, bass clarinet for Kulygin, bassoon for Andrei, soprano saxophone for Natasha, French horn for Tuzenbach, flugelhorn and also trumpet for Vershinin, trombone for the doctor, percussion for Solyony, viola for the three sisters, and double bass for Anfisa.
The premiere at the Opéra National de Lyon on 13 March 1998 was directed by Ushio Amagatsu. The conductor was Nagano, while the second conductor of the orchestra was the composer. The staging was inspired by Kabuki theatre. The singers of the premiere were Oleg Riabets (Irina), Vyacheslav Kagan-Paley (Masha), Alain Aubin (Olga), Albert Schagidullin (Andrei), Gary Boyce (Natasha), Nikita Storojev (Kulygin), Jan Alofs (Anfisa), Dietrich Henschel (Tuzenbach), Denis Sedov (Solyony), Wojciech Drabowicz (Vershinin), Peter Hall (Chebutykin), Ivan Matiakh (Rodé) and Marc Duguay (Fedotik). The performance was recorded and issued on CD. The production was called the most important new work of the year 1998 ("zum wichtigsten neuen Werk des Jahres 1998") by German opera critics.
Amagatsu's staging of Tri sestry was restaged in the 2001–2002 season at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris, Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels, Opéra National de Lyon, and the Wiener Festwochen in Austria in 2002. It became an opera played at several European opera houses including the Vienna State Opera in 2016 and the Oper Frankfurt, where it opened the 2018/19 season. It was conducted in Frankfurt by Dennis Russell Davies and Nikolai Petersen.
Premiere cast
The singers of major parts in the premiere performance were:
Alain Aubin (countertenor travesti) – Olga
Vyatcheslav Kagan-Paley (countertenor travesti) – Masha
Oleg Riabets (countertenor travesti) – Irina
Gary Boyce (countertenor travesti) – Natasha
Albert Shagdullin (baritone) – Andrei
Nikita Storojev (bass) – Kulygin
Jan Alofs (bass) – Anfisa
Orchestre de l'Opéra de Lyon, conductor Kent Nagano
References
External links
Drei Schwestern, Vienna Festival 2002 / 10. Mai bis 30. Juni (in German)
Operas
1998 operas
Operas by Peter Eötvös
Russian-language operas
Operas set in Russia
Operas based on works by Anton Chekhov
Reginald C. Atkinson (born March 9, 1948) is a businessman and politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was the Mayor of Brandon, Manitoba from 1997 to 2002, and campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in 2003.
Early life and career
Atkinson was mayor of Hartney, Manitoba from 1981 to 1989, and owned a small farming implements business in this community before relocating to Brandon in 1994. He was elected as Mayor of Brandon in a by-election on September 24, 1997 after the previous mayor, Rick Borotsik, was elected to the House of Commons of Canada. Atkinson was 49 years old.
Mayor of Brandon
Hog processing
In late 1999, the president of Maple Leaf Foods announced that Brandon had been selected out of 42 possible communities for construction of a $112 million hog processing plant. Atkinson welcomed the decision, saying that it could increase the city's population by 10,000 (to 50,000) in a short period of time. Maple Leaf selected Brandon, in part, because it was known to be one of the least expensive areas in Canada to raise hogs.
Atkinson spoke against a proposed Clean Environment Commission review of the Maple Leaf project in 1998, describing it as a stalling tactic, and supported provincial Environment Minister Jim McCrae's conclusion that a formal review would not be necessary during the construction phase. He also opposed a request from councillors in the nearby Long Plain First Nation for a federal environmental assessment. Construction of the plant began in April 1998, and operations began in August 1999.
Atkinson was easily re-elected in 1998, defeating two minor challengers who criticized aspects of the Maple Leaf deal. The following year, he led council in approving a plan for the city to own and operate a wastewater treatment plant to serve the Maple Leaf facility. The project ultimately cost $13.5 million (some of which was paid by the province), and was derided by critics as "corporate welfare". The city administrator responded to this charge by arguing that most of the money went to improving Brandon's existing capacity for water and wastewater treatment.
Other issues
Atkinson helped coordinate other projects for the city. Simplot opened a new Brandon facility in 1999, setting up a $230 million plant for liquid and granular fertilizers. The Dutch firm Installatie Techniek Boxmeer set up a plant to manufacture livestock ventilation equipment in the same period.
Atkinson rejected at least two proposals from aboriginal groups to construct a casino in Brandon. He opposes casinos on principle, arguing that they contribute to gambling addictions and provide few social benefits in return. He also opposes the separate taxation system for urban reserve lands, and believes that aboriginal Canadians should fall under the same tax apparatus as non-aboriginals. Notwithstanding his views on casinos, Atkinson supported using Video Lottery Terminals to raise revenues, and rejected calls for a plebiscite on the issue.
Atkinson was a prominent supporter of a plan to move the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry from Winnipeg to the Canadian Forces Base Shilo in Brandon, and welcomed Defence Minister Art Eggleton's decision to approve the transfer in early 2001.
Late in his term, Atkinson led council in approving a comprehensive by-law against indoor smoking, with no age limits or exemptions for bars.
Style
Atkinson promoted a "down-to-earth" and populist approach to politics. He wore a loud yellow shirt and happy face tie to an all-candidates debate in 1998, and was quoted as saying, "I don't use a lot of big words because I don't know them". The journal Manitoba Business once described his political style as "gregarious".
Retirement from municipal politics
Atkinson unexpectedly announced that he would not seek re-election in 2002.
Atkinson is the current Reeve of the Rural Municipality of Cornwallis which surrounds Brandon on three sides.
Federal and provincial politics
Atkinson sought the Canadian Alliance nomination to contest Brandon—Souris in the 2000 federal election. He unexpectedly lost to Gary Nestibo.
He campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in 2003 as the Progressive Conservative candidate in Brandon West, and lost to New Democratic Party incumbent Scott Smith by a wide margin.
Electoral record
113 of 121 polls reporting.
Atkinson was elected mayor of Hartney in either 1980 or 1981, and re-elected in 1983 and 1986.
All provincial election information is taken from Elections Manitoba. The 1998 mayoral results are taken from the Winnipeg Free Press, 29 October 1998, A13. The final results did not significantly change Atkinson's margin of victory.
Footnotes
1948 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Brandon, Manitoba
Mayors of Brandon, Manitoba
Count Binface is a satirical political candidate created by British comedian Jonathan Harvey in 2018. He was a candidate for Uxbridge and South Ruislip in the 2019 United Kingdom general election against prime minister Boris Johnson. He also stood in the 2021 London mayoral election.
In earlier elections Harvey stood as Lord Buckethead, but was forced to change the name due to a copyright dispute with American filmmaker Todd Durham, who created the character for his 1984 science fiction film Hyperspace. Another individual contested the Uxbridge and South Ruislip seat as Buckethead, representing the Official Monster Raving Loony Party, to which Binface said he "look[s] forward to both the hustings and to challenging [him] to take part in a receptacle-to-receptacle debate".
Character
Count Binface is an "independent space warrior" in a black and grey costume, with a long silver cape and a helmet shaped somewhat like a dustbin with a glowing strip where his eyes would be. Binface claims to be 5,965 years old.
2019 general election policies
Binface announced a series of satirical policies for the 2019 general election, including:
Bringing back Ceefax, the teletext service. He had previously promised to bring back the service in 2017 as Lord Buckethead.
Returning 20,001 police officers to the street, a reference to the Conservative pledge of 20,000 more police officers.
Nationalising model railways.
Holding a referendum on holding a second referendum on the United Kingdom's membership in the European Union.
Allowing any Czechs on the Irish Border to remain.
Nationalising Adele, the English singer.
Abolishing the House of Lords. He had previously pledged the same in 2017 as Lord Buckethead.
Giving free broadband to everyone,
Stopping the sale of arms to repressive regimes.
Making Piers Morgan zero emissions by 2030.
Renaming London Bridge to "Phoebe Waller-Bridge".
Introducing a minimum voting age of 16 and a maximum of 80.
Sending £1 trillion a week to the NHS,
Proroguing Jacob Rees-Mogg,
Banishing Katie Hopkins to the Phantom Zone.
Moving the hand dryer in the men's toilet at Uxbridge's Crown and Treaty pub to a "more sensible position".
London mayoral election
Binface announced his intention to stand for the London Mayoral Election, which was originally scheduled for 2020, but was delayed until 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He announced a suite of 21 policies which "marries fiscal responsibility, social awareness, and not being an anti-vaccine nutjob", including:
Finish Crossrail,
Free parking for electric vehicles between Vine Street and the Strand, in reference to where the Free Parking space is located on the British Monopoly board,
London to join the European Union,
Renaming London Bridge to "Phoebe Waller-Bridge" and Hammersmith Bridge to "Wayne Bridge".
All government ministers' pay, including that of the mayors should be tied to that of nurses for the next 100 years.
Loud snacks to be banned from theatres.
The use of the speakerphone function on mobile phones to be banned in public. Any offenders caught will be forced to watch the film version of Cats every day for a year.
Binface started a fundraiser to raise £10,000, the amount necessary to allow him to stand for Mayor of London. The excess money was donated to charity Shelter to help combat homelessness.
He finished 9th with 24,775 votes in the mayoral election.
Electoral history
See also
Vermin Supreme, an American satirical candidate.
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Independent politicians in England
Independent British political candidates
British political satire
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fictional characters introduced in 2018
Fictional counts and countesses
Fictional extraterrestrial characters
British political party founders
Polyortha thammiana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
References
Moths described in 1877
Polyortha
The 2021–22 season was the 95th season in the existence of OGC Nice and the club's 20th consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Nice participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Season overview
On 28 June 2021, reigning Ligue 1 manager of the year Christophe Galtier was appointed as the new head coach of Nice.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Other players under contract
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Players transferred out during the season
|-
Goalscorers
Notes
References
OGC Nice seasons
Nice
Hardley Manor (also Hardelei, 11th century; Hardeleghe, 13th century) was a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
Hardley belonged in 1086 to William son of Stur, and had previously been held by Godric as a free manor of the Confessor. At the end of the 13th century it was held of the honour of Carisbrooke Castle by Robert de Glamorgan of Wolverton, and it passed with that manor (q.v.) until about the middle of the 15th century. Later it became part of Bembridge Farm, and lost its identity, the name being retained only in a field belonging to the farm.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Philip Maher (born 14 December 1979) is an Irish hurler. He plays in the full-back position on the Tipperary senior hurling team.
Club career
Philip Maher was born in Borrisoleigh, County Tipperary in 1979. He showed great skill as a hurler in his youth and quickly started playing with his local club in Borrisoleigh before he was spotted by the Tipperary inter-county selectors.
Playing career
Club
Maher plays his club hurling with the famous Borrisoleigh club in Tipperary.
Inter-county
By the late 1990s Maher had made his debut with the Tipperary minor hurling team. He won a Munster minor hurling medal in 1997 and quickly moved on to the inter-county under-21 team. On that team he won another Munster title, however, All-Ireland success still eluded him. In 2000 Maher made his senior debut for Tipperary in a Munster Championship game against Waterford. The following year he won his first National Hurling League medal before later winning a Munster title. The year was rounded off when Maher won his first All-Ireland medal following a victory over Galway. His performance in the championship earned him his first All-Star award. The subsequent few years proved frustrating for Maher as Tipp failed to win any further Munster of All-Ireland titles.
References
Teams
1979 births
Living people
Tipperary inter-county hurlers
Borrisoleigh hurlers
Munster inter-provincial hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Jean-Yves Pollock (born 18 February 1946 in Paris) is a French linguist.
A specialist in comparative syntax, Pollock is best known for his work on verb movement and the structure of IP in French and English.
References
(2004), (with C Poletto), "On the Left Periphery of some Romance Wh-questions" in L Rizzi ed. The Structure of CP and IP, Oxford University Press
(1989), "Verb Movement, Universal Grammar and the Structure of IP", Linguistic Inquiry 20.3 pp 365–424
(1997), Language et cognition; Introduction au programme minimaliste de la grammaire générative, Presses Universitaires de France, Paris
Linguists from France
Living people
Syntacticians
1946 births
Philippe I may refer to:
Philippe I of France
Philippe I de Croÿ
Philippe I, Duke of Orléans
Serge Lajeunesse (born June 11, 1950) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played 103 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Detroit Red Wings and Philadelphia Flyers between 1970 and 1974.
Playing career
Juniors
Lajeunesse was born in Montreal, Quebec. He started playing hockey in his hometown of Montreal with the Montreal Junior Canadiens of the Ontario Hockey Association. He scored 22 points in combination with 172 penalty minutes in his first season with the team and helped them win the Memorial Cup. The following season in 1969–70, Lajeunesse scored 29 points and saw his penalty minutes decrease almost by half to 87 on the season and again helped the team win their second consecutive Memorial Cup. The Detroit Red Wings drafted him with their first pick, 12th overall, in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft.
Professional
Lajeunesse started off in Detroit's farm team, the Fort Worth Wings of the Central Hockey League. He only played in 12 games before being brought up to the Red Wings on November 12, 1970 against the St. Louis Blues. In the remaining 62 games of the 1970–71 NHL season, Lajeunesse recorded 55 penalty minutes, recorded four assists, and scored his only NHL goal. After the Wings failed to reach the playoffs again that year, Lajeunesse was re-assessed and sent back down to the minors.
The following season saw Lajeunesse move back and forth in the Wings' organization. He spent time with the Tidewater Wings of the American Hockey League and Fort Worth, while suiting up for seven games in Detroit. He contributed 20 penalty minutes in those seven games without scoring a point and finished the 1971–72 season back in Fort Worth where he helped with a short playoff run. He continued playing in the minor leagues with Tidewater (now renamed the Virginia Wings) in 1972–73 before being called back to Detroit to fill in for injuries. Lajeunesse played in 28 NHL games that year and ended with 1 assist to go with 26 penalty minutes.
Lajeunesse was traded on May 15, 1973 to the Philadelphia Flyers for Rick Foley. He started off in the Flyers' farm system and would retire there. Lajeunesse played six more NHL games with Philadelphia in the following two seasons. He helped his AHL team the Richmond Robins reach the playoffs in three consecutive seasons (1973–74, 1974–75, 1975–76), but failed to help them get past the second round. Lajeunesse retired from hockey in 1976.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards
Memorial Cup: 1969, 1970 (Montreal)
OHA All-Star Second Team: 1968–69, 1969–70 (Montreal)
External links
Serge Lajeunesse's Bio at Hockey Draft Central.com
1950 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Detroit Red Wings draft picks
Detroit Red Wings players
Fort Worth Wings players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Montreal Junior Canadiens players
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers players
Richmond Robins players
Sportspeople from Montreal
Tidewater Wings players
Virginia Wings players
Olethreutes palustrana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in most of Europe, except the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula. It is also known from the eastern part of the Palearctic realm and North America. The habitat consists of heathland with scattered trees.
The wingspan is 14–16 mm. The forewings are whitish, striated or posteriorly reticulated with pale ferruginous-ochreous. The costa is black-marked, The basal patch with an obliquely sinuate edge. The central fascia is narrowed on dorsum and has a posterior projection below the middle. There is a triangular praetornal spot and the subapical fascia has the anterior edge angulated in middle ferruginous and much marked with black, especially in the female . The hindwings are rather dark grey.
Adults are on wing from the end of May to August.
The larvae feed on various mosses, including Dicranum species. They live in a silken tube or gallery.
References
Olethreutini
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1846
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1660.
Events
January 11 – Samuel Pepys starts his diary, still using the Old Style date of 1 January.
February/March – John Rhodes reopens the old Cockpit Theatre in London, forms a company of young actors and begins to stage plays. His production of Pericles will be the first Shakespearean performance of the Restoration era; Thomas Betterton makes his stage debut in the title rôle.
May – The English Restoration brings a host of Royalist exiles back to England, Richard Baxter among them, and many panegyrics are produced to commemorate the event.
June – A warrant is issued for the arrest of the anti-monarchist John Milton, who is forced into hiding, whilst his writings are burned.
August 21 – The newly restored King Charles II of England issues a royal grant for two theatre companies: a King's Company under his own patronage, led by Thomas Killigrew, and a Duke's Company under the patronage of his brother, the Duke of York and future King James II, led by Sir William Davenant. On November 8, the King's Company moves from the old Red Bull Theatre to the new Vere St. Theatre, and in the same month the Duke's Company begins performing at the Salisbury Court Theatre.
September 5 – Roger Boyle receives the title of Earl of Orrery.
October 14 – Blaise Pascal's Lettres Provinciales is burned as a heretical work on the orders of King Louis XIV of France.
October – John Milton is arrested and imprisoned.
December – John Milton is released from prison, two weeks after his brother Christopher is appointed a judge.
December 8 – The first English actress to appear on the professional stage in England in a non-singing rôle, as Desdemona in Othello, is variously considered to be Margaret Hughes, Anne Marshall or Katherine Corey.
unknown dates
The Royalist poet Robert Herrick returns to his parish in Devon after the English Restoration.
The Klencke Atlas is commissioned by Dutch merchants as a gift to King Charles II of England; at 1.75 m (5 ft 9in) tall it is one of the world's largest books.
Danish writer Birgitte Thott is given permission by King Frederick III of Denmark to receive an annual grant from the Soro Academy to pursue her studies, expand her library, and research into language.
New books
Prose
Sarah Blackborow – The Just and Equall Ballance Discovered
Francisco Manuel de Melo – Epanáphoras de varia historia portuguesa
John Dryden – Astraea Redux
Richard Flecknoe – Heroick Portraits
George Mackenzie – Aretina (the first Scottish novel)
John Milton – The Ready and Easy Way to Establish a Free Commonwealth
Thomas Plowden, S.J. (translated) – The Learned Man Defended and Reform'd (Daniello Bartoli's L'huomo di lettere)
Madeleine de Scudéry – Clélie
Jeremy Taylor – Ductor Dubitantium, or the Rule of Conscience
Thieleman J. van Braght – De Martelaersspiegel
Drama
Anonymous (misattributed to James Shirley) – Andromana (published)
Cromwell's Conspiracy
(misattributed to Beaumont and Fletcher) – The Faithful Friends (registered)
Thomas Ford – Love's Labyrinth, or the Royal Shepherdess (published)
William Lower – The Amorous Fantasm (adapted from Philippe Quinault's Le Fantôme Amoreux)
John Tatham
London's Glory (staged at the Guildhall)
The Rump (published)
Pedro Calderón de la Barca – Celos aun del aire matan
Molière – Sganarelle, ou Le Cocu imaginaire
Poetry
Rachel Jevon – Exultationis Carmen
Robert Wild – Iter Boreale. Attempting Something upon the Successful and Matchless March of the Lord General George Monk from Scotland to London
Births
January – Hippolyte Hélyot, French church historian (died 1716)
February 12 – Thomas Southerne, Irish dramatist (died 1749)
March 28 – Arnold Houbraken, Dutch writer and painter (died 1719)
May or earlier – Anne Killigrew, English poet and painter (died 1685)
Unknown date – Edward Lhuyd, Welsh naturalist and antiquary (died 1709)
probable
Daniel Defoe, English novelist and travel writer (died 1731)
Liu Zhi (劉智), Chinese Muslim scholar (died c. 1739)
Deaths
April 30 – Petrus Scriverius, Dutch scholar and writer (born 1576)
August 31 – Johann Freinsheim, German critic (born 1608)
October 6 – Paul Scarron, French dramatist and novelist (born c. 1610)
December 31 – Thomas Powell, Welsh writer and cleric (born c. 1608)
Unknown date – Sir Thomas Urquhart, Scottish writer and translator (born 1611)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Events in the year 2021 in the Dominican Republic.
Incumbents
President: Luis Abinader (starting 2020)
Vice President: Raquel Peña de Antuña (starting 2020)
Events
January 6 – The government condemns violence in the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol.
February 27 – The government says it will fence the border between the DR and Haiti in order to curb migration and other illegal activities.
Deaths
January 7 – Norberto James Rawlings, 75, poet; complications from Parkinson's disease.
January 8 – , 97, military officer, Head of the Armed Forces (1966-1971, 1972-1975, 1978).
January 10 – Pedro González, 83, baseball player (New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians).
January 20 – Juan Bautista Sánchez Peralta (″Juanchy″), 64, part owner of Águilas Cibaeñas baseball team; COVID-19 (b. 1956).
February 15 – Johnny Pacheco, 85, musician (Fania All-Stars) and label executive (Fania Records), complications from pneumonia.
March 23 – Hugo Cabrera, 67, basketball player; pancreatic cancer.
April 6 – Jack Veneno, 78, professional wrestler (WWC) and politician; pancreatic cancer.
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in the Dominican Republic
2021 in the Caribbean
2021 Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
2020s in the Dominican Republic
Years of the 21st century in the Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic
Śrīpati (1019 – 1066) was an Indian astronomer, astrologer and mathematician, the author of Dhikotidakarana (written in 1039), a work of twenty verses on solar and lunar eclipses; Dhruvamanasa (written in 1056), a work of 105 verses on calculating planetary longitudes, eclipses and planetary transits; Siddhantasekhara a major work on astronomy in 19 chapters; and Ganitatilaka, an incomplete arithmetical treatise in 125 verses based on a work by Shridhara.
Early life
Śrīpati's father was Nagadeva (sometimes written as Namadeva) and Nagadeva's father was Kesava. Śrīpati was a follower of the teaching of Lalla writing on astrology, astronomy and mathematics. His mathematical work was undertaken with applications to astronomy such as the study of spheres. His work on astronomy was undertaken to provide a basis for his astrology. Śrīpati was the most prominent Indian mathematicians of the 11th century.
Work
Among Śrīpati's works are: Dhikotidakarana written in 1039, a work of twenty verses on solar and lunar eclipses; Dhruvamanasa written in 1056, a work of 105 verses on calculating planetary longitudes, eclipses and planetary transits; Siddhantasekhara a major work on astronomy in 19 chapters; and Ganitatilaka an incomplete arithmetical treatise in 125 verses based on a work by Sridhara.
The titles of Chapters 13, 14, and 15 of the Siddhantasekhara are Arithmetic, Algebra and On the Sphere. Chapter 13 consists of 55 verses on arithmetic, Measurement, and shadow reckoning. It is probable that the lost portion of the arithmetic treatise Ganitatilaka consisted essentially of verses 19–55 of this chapter. The 37 verses of Chapter 14 on algebra state various rules of algebra without proof. These are given in verbal form without algebraic symbols. In verses 3, 4 and 5 of this chapter Śrīpati gave the rules of signs for addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, square, square root, cube and cube root of positive and negative quantities. His work on equations in this chapter contains the rule for solving a quadratic equation.
Other mathematics included in Śrīpati's work includes, in particular, rules for the solution of simultaneous indeterminate equations of the first degree that are similar to those given by Brahmagupta.
Śrīpati obtained more fame in astrology than in other areas and it is fair to say that he considered this to be his most important contributions. He wrote the Jyotisaratnamala which was an astrology text in twenty chapters based on the Jyotisaratnakosa of Lalla. Śrīpati wrote a commentary on this work in Marathi and it is one of the oldest works to have survived that is written in that language. Marathi is the oldest of the regional languages in Indo-Aryan, dating from about 1000.
Another work on astrology written by Śrīpati is the Jatakapaddhati or Śrīpatipaddhatiḥ which is in eight chapters and is one of the fundamental textbooks for later Indian genethlialogy, contributing an impressive elaboration to the computation of the strengths of the planets and astrological places. It was enormously popular, as the large number of manuscripts, commentaries, and imitations attests.
Genethlialogy was the science of casting nativities and it was the earliest branch of astrology which claimed to be able to predict the course of a person's life based on the positions of the planets and of the signs of the zodiac at the moment the person was born or conceived.
Another work on astrology, the Daivajnavallabha which some historians claim was written by Śrīpati while other claim that it is the work of Varahamihira. As yet nobody has come up with a definite case to show which of these two is the author, or even whether the author is another astrologer.
Śrīpati had introduced one of the main methods of house division in Jyotiṣa, known as Śrīpati Bhāva system.
References
Citations
Sources
11th-century Indian astronomers
1019 births
1066 deaths
11th-century Indian mathematicians
The 2012 Texas A&M–Kingsville Javelinas football team represented Texas A&M University–Kingsville in the 2012 NCAA Division II football season as a member of the Lone Star Conference.
Schedule
References
Texas A&M–Kingsville
Texas A&M–Kingsville Javelinas football seasons
Texas A&M–Kingsville Javelinas football
Marvin Ammori is a lawyer, civil liberties advocate, and scholar best known for his work on network neutrality and Internet freedom issues. He currently serves as Chief Legal Officer of Uniswap.
Education and career
Ammori attended Brother Rice High School and went on to study literature at the University of Michigan. He earned his Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School., where he studied under communications scholar Yochai Benkler.
In 2007, while serving as the general counsel for nonprofit advocacy group Free Press, Ammori wrote the original Comcast complaint to the FCC in the Comcast-BitTorrent case, the first network neutrality enforcement action in the United States. He was active in the debate over the controversial copyright bills SOPA and the PROTECT IP Act, arguing that the bills would violate the First Amendment.
From 2008 to 2011, Ammori taught law at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln-College of Law, where he helped launch the law school's program in space and telecommunications law.
In 2014 and 2015, he led the effort to get the Federal Communications Commission to adopt strong network neutrality rules on the basis of its Title II authority. Tim Wu, who coined the phrase network neutrality, said Ammori "deserved enormous credit for leading the march to Title II." Ammori collaborated with the John Oliver show Last Week Tonight for its network neutrality segment and worked with White House staff leading to President Obama's network neutrality plan. For this work, he was named to the Politico 50 and a Washington Tech Titan in 2015.
On June 14, 2016, the D.C. Circuit Court, which had in 2014 rejected the FCC's attempts to impose network neutrality rules under its 706 authority, upheld the Title II network neutrality rules, writing in the majority opinion that the FCC had overcome the problems of the previous rules "by reclassifying broadband service—and the interconnection arrangements necessary to provide it—as a telecommunications service" under Title II, thereby vindicating Ammori's legal approach.
From 2016 to 2018, Ammori served as general counsel of Virgin Hyperloop One, where he helped the company raise over $200 million.
In 2018, Ammori joined Protocol Labs.
Ammori was an advisor on season six for HBO's Emmy award-winning show Silicon Valley. He is the author "On Internet Freedom."
Influence
In 2013, Ammori was named a Bernard L. Schwartz Fellow at the New America Foundation. In 2015, he was named a Senior Fellow to the Democracy Fund.
He serves on the boards of public interest advocacy groups Demand Progress, Fight for the Future, and Engine, and is an affiliate scholar with Stanford Law School's Center for Internet and Society.
References
American lawyers
University of Nebraska–Lincoln faculty
University of Michigan alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Living people
First Amendment scholars
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group 2 was a UEFA qualifying group for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. The group comprised Andorra, Cyprus, Estonia, the Netherlands, Portugal and the Republic of Ireland.
The group was won by Portugal, who qualified for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. The runners-up Republic of Ireland entered the UEFA–AFC play-off as the group's play-off berth was randomly drawn by FIFA for the intercontinental play-off against an Asian Football Confederation team rather than one from its own confederation. Portugal, Ireland and the Netherlands were clearly the top sides in the group, each handing out six beatings to the three other minnows. Between the top three, four of the matches were drawn, but the Netherlands lost one match each to Portugal and Ireland and had to settle for third place. In the end Portugal only topped the group ahead of Ireland by virtue of superior goal difference.
Standings
Matches
Goalscorers
8 goals
Pauleta
7 goals
Nuno Gomes
6 goals
Michalis Konstantinou
Ruud Van Nistelrooy
Luís Figo
5 goals
Patrick Kluivert
4 goals
Roy Keane
Sérgio Conceição
3 goals
Ioannis Okkas
Andres Oper
Ian Harte
Matt Holland
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink
Clarence Seedorf
Mark Van Bommel
Pierre Van Hooijdonk
João Vieira Pinto
2 goals
Ildefons Lima
Marios Agathokleous
Martin Reim
Indrek Zelinski
Richard Dunne
Kevin Kilbane
Mark Kinsella
Jason McAteer
Marc Overmars
Pedro Barbosa
1 goal
Emiliano González Arqués
Roberto Jonas
Justo Ruiz
Marios Christodoulou
Milenko Špoljarić
Marko Kristal
Jevgeni Novikov
Raio Piiroja
Gary Breen
David Connolly
Robbie Keane
Gary Kelly
Niall Quinn
Phillip Cocu
Jeffrey Talan
Giovanni van Bronckhorst
Boudewijn Zenden
Rui Jorge
Manuel Rui Costa
Ricardo Sá Pinto
1 own goal
Raio Piiroja (playing against the Netherlands)
References
External links
FIFA official page
RSSSF - 2002 World Cup Qualification
Allworldcup
2
2000–01 in Republic of Ireland association football
Qual
2000 in Estonian football
2001 in Estonian football
2000–01 in Dutch football
Qual
2000–01 in Portuguese football
qual
2000–01 in Cypriot football
2001–02 in Cypriot football
2000–01 in Andorran football
2001–02 in Andorran football
The Rans S-4 Coyote and Rans S-5 Coyote are a family of American single-engined, tractor configuration, single-seat, high-wing monoplanes designed by Randy Schlitter and manufactured by Aero-Max and later by Rans Inc. The Coyote was available in kit form for amateur construction as an ultralight aircraft or amateur-built aircraft.
Production of both designs was completed on 1 June 2006 after having been available for 23 years.
Design and development
The Coyote single seat was designed by Randy Schlitter in 1982, as a result of his dissatisfaction with existing ultralight designs at the time. Construction of the first S-2 Coyote prototype was started in November 1982, with the first flight following in March 1983. Originally the design was to be manufactured by a new company Aero-Max, which was a partnership between Schlitter and a friend of his. The partnership failed over financial issues and kit manufacturing was passed to Schlitter's company, Rans, which was at that time building sailtrikes.
Both models of the family feature a welded 4130 steel tube cockpit, with a bolted aluminum tube rear fuselage, wing and tail surfaces all covered in pre-sewn Dacron envelopes, which shorten construction time. The reported construction time is 211 man-hours.
The Coyote S-4 has conventional landing gear, while the S-5 has tricycle gear. Both can be equipped with floats and skis. The original basic engine was the Rotax 277 of , with the Rotax 447 of and the Rotax 503 of available later than options.
The Coyote II two-seater was later developed from the S-5.
Operational history
There were 246 S-4s and S-5s built and flown by December 1998.
Many S-4s are flown as unregistered ultralights in the US, but in November 2010 there were four registered along with four S-5s. In November 2010 there were four S-4s and one S-5 registered in Canada. In December 2010 there were nine S-4s and three S-5s registered in the United Kingdom.
Variants
S-2
Prototype first flown in March 1983
S-3
Improved prototype flown in September 1983, entered production as the S-4
S-4
Conventional landing gear version intended as a FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles compliant design when equipped with the standard Rotax 277 engine. No longer in production.
S-5
Tricycle landing gear version for the US Experimental amateur-built category with options such as brakes. Engines include Rotax 447 of and the Rotax 503 of . No longer in production.
Specifications (S-5)
See also
References
External links
Photo of an S-4 Coyote
Photo of an S-5 Coyote
1980s United States civil utility aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
S-004 Coyote
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1983
Bustuchin is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bustuchin, Cionți, Motorgi, Nămete, Poiana-Seciuri, Poienița, Pojaru and Valea Pojarului.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Vinayagapuram is a residential neighbourhood in north Chennai, Tamil Nadu, South India. Neighbourhoods close to Vinayagapuram are Perambur, Anna Nagar, Villivakkam, Puzhal, Jawahar Nagar, Thiru-vi-ka Nagar, Senthil Nagar, Madhavaram and Periyar Nagar. It is close to the Grand National Trunk Road.
Locations
Schools and colleges
Velammal Matriculation School, Surapet
Infant Jesus Matriculation School, near ECI church
King's Matriculation School, Kalpalayam
Velammal Engineering College, Surapet
Godson school
Churches
Church of New Life in Jesus (CSI)
ECI church
Zion Garden AG Church
Places
Sri Kumaran Nagar
S.B.O.A. teachers colony
Saraswathy Nagar
Landmarks nearby
DRJ Hospital
Rettai Eri
References
External links
Chennai Online website
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Riwŏn or Iwon County is a county in South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea. It is located at the province's northeastern tip and borders the Sea of Japan (Korea's "East Sea") to the southeast.
Name
"Riwŏn" is the official North Korean romanization of the county's name, using the McCune–Reischauer system. The breve is often omitted. It is named for its seat, Riwon. Due to the silting of the mouth of the Namdae, Riwon was located a little inland by the 1950s, with a larger port named Kunsŏn. The two communities have since merged under the name Riwon. In South Korean sources, the county's name often appears as , now officially romanized as Iwon using Revised Romanization. The MR romanization used before the year 2000 was Iwŏn.
Physical features
Riwŏn is mountainous, although there are also small plains, and is home to the Taedŏk Mountains (대덕산맥). The highest peak is Taedŏksan (1,442 m). There are some 10 significant streams; the chief of these is the Namdaech'ŏn, which drains into the Sea of Japan. There are various bays and islands along the coast. Thanks to its coastal location, the county enjoys a mild maritime climate. Forestland (70% of which is coniferous) takes up 73% of the county's area.
Administrative divisions
Riwŏn county is divided into 1 ŭp (town), 3 rodongjagu (workers' districts) and 21 ri (villages):
Economy
Mining and manufacturing
Machine manufacturing dominates the local economy, accounting for half of annual industrial production. Deposits of iron, iron sulfide, talc, limestone, graphite, quartzite and silica are found in the county. The Riwon Mine produces talc.
Agriculture
Agriculture is carried out in the plains and along the streams; major crops include rice, soybeans and maize.
Transport
Riwŏn is served by roads, and by the P'yŏngra line of the Korean State Railway.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
References
External links
Counties of South Hamgyong
The pocket trumpet is a B♭ trumpet that is constructed with the tubing wound into a much smaller coil than a standard trumpet, generally with a smaller diameter bell. It is not a standard instrument in a concert band or orchestra and is generally regarded as a novelty. It has been used by soloists in jazz (Don Cherry played the similar pocket cornet) or other ensembles to add flair and variety.
History
The concept of reducing the brass instrument size without reducing the resonating tube length can be seen in several 19th century models of cornet. Pocket cornets have been constructed since the 1870s.
Pocket trumpets are sometimes played as auxiliary instruments by soloists in jazz and dixieland bands, as well as for some specific studio recording demands. Don Cherry's work with the Ornette Coleman quartet is probably the best known example of pocket trumpet playing.
Design and properties
Tonal characteristics and playability vary due to differences in design. There are two basic design approaches to pocket trumpets:
reduced bell and bore size design
standard bell and bore size design.
The models with reduced bell and bore size design originate in 19th-century pocket cornet design and regularly suffer from poor intonation and severely hindered dynamic and timbral range. Regular trumpet mutes cannot be used since the pocket trumpet bell is not a standard size. Models with standard bell and bore size design originally appeared in the US in as late as 1968, mostly following the design of trumpet builder Louis Duda (one-piece hand-hammered "5X" bell, cornet-wound lead pipe, straight-back first valve slide with thumb-throw, fold-back third slide), and manufactured by the Benge Trumpet company.
Standard features
Bell Diameter:
Bore: Medium-Large or Large
Height:
Length:
Famous players
"Dirty" Walter A. Kibby II of the band Fishbone uses a pocket trumpet for all live shows and recordings.
Onetime Elevator/French Toast drummer and former Fugazi roadie Jerry Busher plays a pocket trumpet on The Evens' song, "Competing With The Till", which is on The Evens' The Odds album.
New Orleans artist Shamarr Allen plays a Kanstul pocket trumpet with a raised bell in most performances.
Common manufacturers and models
TRISTAR TR-05 B♭ (India)
Cecilio (Mendini) 77-MT B♭ (China)
CarolBrass CPT-3000-GLS-Bb-L (Taiwan)
Amati ATR 314I B♭ (Czech Republic)
Stagg 77-MT B♭ (Flemish manufacture sold to the world)
Jupiter 416 B♭ (Taiwan)
Benge Colibri B♭ (United States)
Kanstul CCT-905 B♭ (United States)
Weril EP4072 B♭ (Brazil)
References
External links
A virtual museum of vintage pocket cornets and trumpets
Pocket Trompete Bb - Sib WERIL EP4072
B-flat instruments
Trumpets
The capuchin babbler (Turdoides atripennis) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is found in Benin, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Togo, and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
The capuchin babbler was moved from the monotypic genus Phyllanthus to Turdoides based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2018.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Capuchin babbler
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Capuchin babbler
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
ECyD is an international Catholic youth organization affiliated with the congregation of the Legionaries of Christ and their lay movement Regnum Christi. ECyD membership is open to youth ages 11 to 16 (to 18 in the US and Canada).
Name
The meaning of the acronym "ECyD" was changed in 2011. Originally, the acronym was "ECYD" which stood for Educacion, Cultura, y Deportes in Spanish. This translates literally into English as Education Culture and Sports. “Sports” was changed to "Youth Development" in English speaking ECYD groups.
From 2008 to today there have been a series of meetings of lay people, Legionaries, and consecrated members of Regnum Christi met to update ECyD's mission and identity. In 2011, this group changed the acronym to ECyD, which now stands for Encounters, Convictions, your Decisions. The team believes that this new name reflects what “happens in the heart of youth when they experience a life-changing moment of grace.”
History
ECyD was founded in Mexico by Marcial Maciel in 1971. One of the first members was Álvaro Corcuera who was later on the general director of the Legionaries of Christ and Regnum Christi. From 1972 to 1973, ECyD clubs were founded in Salamanca, Spain; Monterrey, Mexico; Mexico City, Mexico; Crystal Lake, Illinois; Rome, Italy; and Madrid, Spain. The first international ECyD convention was held in Ontaneda, Santander (Spain). Currently, ECyD clubs exist in thirty countries.
In 2008, Sonia González was asked to make a new international model based on the experiences of various ECyD groups over the past years. Around the early 2010's ECyD's future was discussed among Catholic groups, as it is related to that of the Legionaries of Christ and Regnum Christi movement who underwent a time of direct Vatican control and purging of corrupt elements, from 2011 until 2019.
Spirituality
ECyD has a Christ-centered spirituality, together with the spirituality of the Legionaries of Christ and Regnum Christi. The purpose of Regnum Christi, the Legionaries of Christ, and ECyD is to spread the kingdom of God on earth through personal love of Jesus Christ and the Catholic Church lived out through apostolate. ECyD members share in this spirituality by making commitments to guide them in their relationship with Christ and to help them become authentic Christians. ECyD members strive to develop the virtues of charity, sincerity, friendship, purity, generosity, and joy. Upon joining ECyD, a member commits to be a better friend of Christ, say specific prayers such as the rosary and the ECyD morning and night prayers, practice virtue, and do apostolates (service projects). ECyD explains such a dedication to apostolate as "Service-Driven Apostolic Outreach and Sense of Mission."
The formation, apostolate and prayer in ECyD are all designed to be age-appropriate ways to bring teens to Christ. ECyD uses an experiential methodology based on the 10 basic needs of adolescents.
Programs
ECyD is affiliated with several youth organizations under the Regnum Christi, and the Legionary of Christ umbrella. This affiliation is usually listed as being "Powered by EcyD." For girls, these include Challenge, Pure Fashion, leading K4J and Mission Youth. The boys' programs include ConQuest, Mission Youth, leading K4J and other leadership activities. Members of these other groups do not have to be ECyD members, but ECyD members are expected to be leaders within the groups. Participating in these organizations fulfill ECyD members' apostolic commitments whether through activities in their clubs (Challenge or Conquest) or missionary work through Mission Youth.
Clubs
The most common way that one participates in ECyD is through a club. In the US, these clubs are usually named Conquest (boys) and Challenge (girls). These clubs are distributed by Mission Network who affiliates them mainly to parishes and schools.
Challenge
Challenge Girls' Club is a place for girls to grow in their Catholic faith, make friends, and grow in virtue. It was founded in 2000 and has had new groups start every year. ECyD is the heart of Challenge Club. Challenge's mission is “to evangelize and transform the world by forming today's young girls to give their very best to others so that Christian culture will prevail in the hearts of everyone they meet.” Challenge uses virtues education, Gospel reflections, service projects and activities to help girls develop and grow in their Catholic faith. There are also leadership opportunities within the club. Older high school girls can work as Team Leaders within the club, often planning lessons, activities, and projects for their teams of younger girls. Many girls hear about and join ECyD through participation in Challenge. Challenge has over 4000 members in the US and Canada and clubs range from 20 to 200 members. There are similar clubs operating under Regnum Christi throughout the world. In Spanish speaking countries Club Alpes or Club Giro is the equivalent to Challenge.
Conquest
Conquest Boys' Club has three levels, Conquest Father and Son Program (ages 5–7), ConQuest Junior Program (ages 8–10), and the Conquest Club (ages 11–18). Similarly to Challenge, Conquest promotes development of virtue, leadership, character, and spiritual growth “within an atmosphere of adventure.” In Spanish speaking countries, Club Faro is the equivalent to Conquest.
In a diocesan newspaper one club president summarized what Conquest means to him: “Conquest trains boys to become self-disciplined and confident young men, Catholic leaders who possess moral integrity and are committed to improving the communities in which they live."
Pure Fashion
Another affiliate program of ECyD is Pure Fashion, an international faith-based program encouraging young women (ages 14–18) to discover their value and femininity. Pure Fashion began as an outgrowth of Challenge, attempting to show that one can dress stylishly and modestly at the same time. Pure Fashion includes a seven-week model training program during which girls learn about public speaking, presentation, fashion, and faith. The program culminates in a fashion show.
Mission Youth
Mission Youth is an apostolic group affiliated with Regnum Christi and the Legionaries of Christ that gives teens and young adults ages 14 and older the opportunity to evangelize. Programs include Holy Week Missions, Extreme Missions, and World Youth Day Missions. Many ECyD members participate in these mission programs as their apostolate.
ECyD Mission Corps
A unique program available to ECyD members is the Mission Corps, formerly known as the ECyD coworker program. Participating members can travel to other Regnum Christi or Legionary of Christ sites in different cities around the world. These summer-long programs usually involve working in children's camps, teaching English, conducting missions, working in ECyD conventions, or working in the local Challenge or Conquest clubs or their international equivalents. Participants live with consecrated members of Regnum Christi and experience community spiritual life. They can choose to apply for a program in their home country or another country based on interest, parental consent, and mission needs.
ECyD Camps and Conventions
In addition to retreats and camps, often offered through Challenge and Conquest, ECyD members can attend ECyD Conventions where they can meet and receive spiritual formation with other teens.
Other ECyD activities
Since ECyD is a way of life and a way of youth ministry, its scope is not restricted to the above programs but can be embodied in others such as Leaderstip Training Program or sports teams.
Government
ECyD does not have its own separate government but depends on the government of the Legion and Regnum Christi. Fr Eduardo Robles Gil is hence the general director. Sonia González and Fr José García Sentandreu lead the specific wing dedicated to ECyD.
Criticism
The criticism of ECyD relates primarily to the Controversies surrounding the Legion of Christ and Regnum Christi such as issues with dioceses and the sexual scandal of Marcial Maciel.
References
External links
ECyD
Challenge
ConQuest
Christian organizations established in 1971
Catholic youth organizations
Regnum Christi
Legion of Christ
Child-related organisations in Italy
The following is a list of equipment currently in use with the Iraqi Ground Forces. For a list of previous equipment, please see List of former equipment of the Iraqi Army.
Infantry weapons
Handguns
Submachine guns and personal defence weapons
Assault and battle rifles
Sniper and anti-materiel rifles
Machine guns
Portable guided missiles
Protective gear
Vehicles and artillery
Armoured fighting vehicles
Rockets and artillery
Anti-aircraft
Radar systems
Army Aviation
These are aircraft in Iraqi Ground Forces command. For other aircraft see List of active aircraft of the Iraqi Air Force page.
See also
Iraqi Aircraft inventory
References
Military equipment of Iraq
Iraq
Iraqi Ground Forces
Equipment
Edward Sutton, 5th Baron Dudley (17 September 1567 – 23 June 1643) was a major landowner, mainly in Staffordshire and Worcestershire, and briefly a Member of the House of Commons of England. Through his intemperate behaviour he won widespread notoriety, completed the financial ruin of his family, and was the last of his name to bear the title.
Background and early life
Sutton's father was Edward Sutton, 4th Baron Dudley, a distinguished soldier who managed to regain the family estates after they were forfeit to John Dudley, Duke of Northumberland as a result of debt. His mother was the 4th Baron's second wife, Jane Stanley, daughter of Edward Stanley, 3rd Earl of Derby. He had a younger brother, John, and an elder half-sister, Agnes, by his father's first wife.
Edward Sutton is believed to have been born in September 1567 as he was baptised on 17 September 1567. In 1580, at the aged of 13, he was sent to Lincoln College, Oxford, and the following year, when only 14 years old, was married to Theodosia Harington of Exton, Rutland who was about 5 years older.
Lord Dudley's players
Sutton was the patron of group of actors, known as Lord Dudley's players, and a performing bear. In 1595 he drew up a warrant for his company led by Francis Coffyn and Laurence Bradshaw to travel and perform. Sutton revoked this license and patronised a different group of actors, but some actors tried unsuccessfully to use the cancelled 1595 warrant in Chester in November 1602.
Lord Dudley's players were in Newcastle in March 1600. In 1615 the leader of the company was called Dishley.
Political career
Edward Sutton was elected as one of the two knights of the shire for Staffordshire in 1584. Still only 17 years old, he was returned ahead in order of precedence of Edward Legh. It is not clear how this was achieved. Legh was made High Sheriff of Staffordshire on the day of the election and had to be given leave of absence by Parliament. Sutton made no recorded contributions in the Commons. He succeeded his father in 1586 and so was unable to stand for election in that year. Despite his apparent anxiety to serve in the councils of his country, Sutton did not take his seat in the House of Lords until 1593.
Sutton's most important political intervention came through the Staffordshire election scandal of 1597. Pursuing a property dispute with the Worcestershire Lytteltons, Sutton put up his brother John as a candidate, in an attempt to stop the election of Sir Edward Littleton of Pillaton Hall, a close ally of Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex. Sutton ensured success by procuring a blank election return from Thomas Whorwood, the High Sheriff, who was John Sutton's father-in-law. Littleton, cheated of certain victory, filed bills against the Suttons and Whorwood in Star Chamber. Among his complaints against Lord Dudley was that he had personally voted for his brother in the voice vote at Stafford. As a peer, Sutton should have no part in elections to the Commons, Littleton maintained, apparently the first time this constitutional principle was expressed. The other candidate, Sir Christopher Blount, Essex's stepfather, was also offended at having been placed below Sutton on the election indenture. His wife, Essex's mother, wrote to the Earl complaining about the outrage, and Sutton was summoned before the Privy Council. However, the parliament was soon over, and it appears that Littleton chose to concentrate his efforts on the hapless Whorwood. Although his chicanery and bad manners had alienated some of the greatest in the land, the consequences for Sutton might have been worse.
Landowner and industrialist
Edward Sutton spent most of his life pressured by the authorities to meet debts that were beyond his ability to pay, partly inherited from his father, and partly the result of his own poor management of his resources.
Lord Dudley, like his immediate ancestors, owned substantial estates around Dudley Castle including the manors of Dudley, Sedgley and Kingswinford. He developed the mineral resources of these estates, building (probably) five blast furnaces on them. He obtained a licence to use the patent of John Robinson (or Rovenson) for making iron with pitcoal (that is, mineral coal) in 1619, and in 1622 renewed this patent in his own name. Sutton was said to be an innovator who set up an early reverberatory furnace using coal and a glasswork directed by Paul Tissac, or Tyzack, where coal rather than wood was first used as fuel. These projects brought him no profit.
Edward Sutton brought his illegitimate son Dud Dudley home from Balliol College, Oxford to manage his ironworks, but this strategy was not entirely successful. Ultimately Edward Sutton fell out with Dud and expelled Dud from the new coke-fired blast furnace that Edward had built at Hasco Bridge on the boundary between Gornal and Himley. Debts continued to grow, and by 1593 the estate had been sequestrated.
The ironworks were essential because the family's debts were already so large that Lord Edward's father's will had earmarked all the proceeds of his ironworks for 21 years to pay creditors, who were given precedence over his widow and younger children. Money issues soured relations with John, Edward Sutton's younger brother. John had been compensated for his exclusion from a portion of his father's estate by the promise of an annuity from his brother, which Edward never paid. The electoral fraud of 1597 might have helped John establish new contacts and income streams, but the parliament lasted little more than three months and the scandal made any further parliamentary career impossible for him.
Always short of money, Edward Sutton fought numerous battles to maintain his inheritance and income, many of them through violence. His most bitter feud was with Gilbert Lyttelton, centred on the farm of Prestwood, near Kinver, and reached its height in the 1590s. Prestwood is at the confluence of the River Smestow and the Worcestershire Stour. Sutton had Lyttelton ejected by force. He then claimed the right to seize outlaws' goods on other Lyttelton estates and raided them, driving off the sheep and cattle. Extending the dispute still further, he claimed one of Lyttelton's coal mines. He had the miners arrested, confiscated the stocks of coal and set the mine on fire. The Privy Council summoned Lord Dudley and tried to reason with him, to no effect. Lyttelton complained to the Star Chamber, which found in his favour, fining Sutton heavily for rioting and cattle rustling. It was this that led Sutton to attempt revenge by blocking Edward Littleton's election, as he was a distant kinsman of Gilbert Lyttelton. Feelings were very bitter on both sides. The Privy Council had to write to the Worcestershire assizes in July 1598, demanding action against two of Gilbert Lyttelton's sons, Stephen and John, who had attacked John Sutton and his retainers, although the Suttons had already lost the property dispute.
Marriage and family
Dudley was married at the age of 14 to Theodosia Harington (d. 1649). She was the daughter of James Harington of Exton, Rutland, a lawyer and long-serving MP. The Haringtons were the most important landowners in Rutland and Theodosia's eldest brother, John, was created Baron Harington of Exton in 1603. Dudley and Theodosia had a son and four daughters:
Ferdinando Sutton (1588-1621), who married Honora Seymour, a daughter of Edward Seymour, Viscount Beauchamp, who was considered by some a potential claimant to the throne on the death of Elizabeth I.
Mary Sutton (1586–1645), who married Alexander Home, 1st Earl of Home.
Anne Sutton (1589-1615), who married Hans Meinhard von Schönberg, the Palatine Ambassador to England: their son was Frederick Schomberg, 1st Duke of Schomberg.
Margaret Sutton (1597-1674), who married Sir Miles Hobart of Fleet Street and Plumstead in 1627, a son of Henry Hobart of Plumstead and Willoughby Hopton, a daughter of Arthur Hopton of Blythburgh and Witham. They had sons Edward, Miles, Tom, John and James, and a daughter Willoughby. She was buried at St Margaret's, Westminster.
Theodosia Sutton (1599-1615).
Lord Dudley also had a longtime mistress Elizabeth Tomlinson, who bore him a large family of illegitimate children, at least 11 in number. Lord Dudley provided for this second family. The eldest Robert Dudley otherwise Tomlinson was given a small estate at Netherton in Dudley. Another son Dud Dudley was given a lease of Chasepool Lodge in Swindon, Staffordshire. A daughter Jane was grandmother to ironmaster Abraham Darby I.
At the Star Chamber, Gilbert Lyttelton attempted to discredit Dudley by claiming that he had abandoned his wife in London without support to live with Elizabeth Tomlinson, "a lewd and infamous woman, a base collier's daughter". The Privy Council ordered Dudley to pay his wife an allowance, which he failed to do. In August 1597 he was sent to Fleet Prison. He was released after a few days, on condition that he pay maintenance of £100 annually for his wife, and £20 for each legitimate child. In less than 18 months he was back before the Privy Council, having got into arrears.
Dudley's legitimate son, Ferdinando, predeceased him, leaving a daughter Frances. Dudley married this granddaughter to Humble Ward, the son of a wealthy goldsmith, William Ward, who was one of his creditors.
Dudley died on 23 June 1643 and was buried in St Edmund's Church, Dudley. Frances Ward inherited the estates, with their debts, and became Baroness Dudley suo jure. Humble Ward paid the debts and redeemed the estates for the benefit of themselves and their descendants.
References
Further reading and external links
'A letter from Edward Sutton at Himley to Walter Bagot, 14 January 1603/4', , Folger Shakespeare Library, Early Modern Manuscripts Online, L.a.433.
P. W. King, 'Dud Dudley's contribution to metallurgy' Hist. Metall. 22(1) (2002), 43–53.
1567 births
1643 deaths
English MPs 1584–1585
English ironmasters
Edward
Edward
Alumni of Lincoln College, Oxford
17th-century English nobility
16th-century English nobility
5
Reginald Poole may refer to:
Reginald Stuart Poole, English archaeologist, numismatist and Orientalist
Reginald Lane Poole, British historian
Sir Reginald Ward Poole, British solicitor
Whistle Belly Vengeance is a drink that was made in 17th- and 18th-century Britain and in British North America. It was made from sour beer mixed with molasses and bread crumbs or crusts, though one recipe printed in 1982 also states dried pumpkin could be used. In some parts of North America it was drunk as a breakfast.
Description
The drink is known to have been made in the 17th- and 18th-century British Isles and in British North America as a means of making sour beer more drinkable. It was generally made by mixing quantities of sour beer with molasses and breadcrumbs. Richard Erdoes says they came from "rye-injun" bread. The mixture was boiled together in a large kettle and served hot. A 1960 book by the Christian Schmidt Brewing Company states that crusts of brown bread could be used in place of breadcrumbs. A 1982 work by the American Flint glassworkers' Union describes a recipe of of weak and sour beer, of molasses and of dry bread crumbs or dried pumpkin.
A drink by the same name (or sometimes known as "Whip Belly Vengeance") served in the Caribbean is different. Made from a mixture of rum, gin and molasses, it was formerly drunk by the lower classes in that region.
Use
In the 17th and 18th centuries, some guests arriving late at roadside inns found it was the only drink available. In some parts of North America, it was drunk as a form of breakfast. The American revolutionary era patriot James Otis Jr. was fond of the drink. He continued to frequent the Royal Coffee House in Boston long after it had been taken over by British soldiers, because of his fondness for their Whistle Belly Vengeance, which was mixed with rum.
See also
Sour beer – beer which has an intentionally acidic, tart, or sour taste
References
Cocktails with beer
British alcoholic drinks
American alcoholic drinks
The 9th Queen's Royal Lancers was a cavalry regiment of the British Army, first raised in 1715. It saw service for three centuries, including the First and Second World Wars. The regiment survived the immediate post-war reduction in forces, but was amalgamated with the 12th Royal Lancers to form the 9th/12th Royal Lancers in 1960.
History
Early history
The regiment was formed by Major-General Owen Wynne as Owen Wynne's Regiment of Dragoons in Bedford in 1715 as part of the response to the Jacobite rising. The regiment's first action was to attack the Jacobite forces in Wigan in late 1715. In 1717, the regiment embarked for Ballinrobe, in Ireland, and was placed on the Irish establishment. The regiment was ranked as the 9th Dragoons in 1719, re-titled as the 9th Regiment of Dragoons in 1751 and converted into Light Dragoons, becoming the 9th Regiment of (Light) Dragoons in 1783. The regiment fought at the Battle of Kilcullen, inflicting severe losses on the rebels, on 24 May 1798 and at the Battle of Carlow on 25 May 1798, when they successfully ambushed the rebels, during the Irish Rebellion. The regiment also saw action at the Battle of Vinegar Hill on 21 June 1798.
The regiment took part in Sir Samuel Auchmuty's disastrous expedition to the River Plate in October 1806, including the occupation of Montevideo in February 1807 during the Anglo-Spanish War. It then took part in the equally unsuccessfully Walcheren Campaign in autumn 1809: a total of 152 men from the regiment died of fever during that campaign. The regiment then embarked for Portugal and fought at the Battle of Arroyo dos Molinos, capturing General De Brune of the French Army, in October 1811 during the Peninsular War. It was also part of the covering force for the Siege of Badajoz in March 1812. In April 1813, the regiment returned to England. They were re-designated as a lancer formation in 1816 and became the 9th (or Queen's Royal) Lancers in honour of Queen Adelaide in 1830.
The regiment was posted to India in 1842. It saw action at the Battle of Punniar in December 1843 during the Gwalior Campaign. It also fought at the Battle of Sobraon in February 1846 during the First Anglo-Sikh War and undertook a successful charge at the Battle of Gujrat in February 1849 during the Second Anglo-Sikh War. The regiment then fought at the siege and capture of Delhi and the relief of Lucknow in summer 1857, as well as the capture of Lucknow in spring 1858 during the Indian Rebellion: the regiment, which was described by the rebels as "the Delhi Spearmen", was awarded twelve Victoria Crosses. It was described by an ally as:
"The beau ideal of all that British Cavalry ought to be in Oriental countries".
The regiment was renamed the 9th (The Queen's Royal) Lancers in 1861.
Second Anglo-Afghan War
The regiment was posted to Afghanistan in 1878 and marched through the Khyber Pass in March 1879 as part of the cavalry brigade led by General Hugh Henry Gough. Following the murder of the British ambassador and his guards at Kabul in September 1879, the regiment saw action at the Battle of Charasiab in October 1879 during the Second Anglo-Afghan War. The commanding officer of the regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Cleland, was killed while leading a charge at the Battle of Killa Kazi in December 1879. Major-General Frederick Roberts described the ensuing events: "The charge was led by Lieutenant-Colonel Cleland and Captain Neville, the former of whom fell dangerously wounded: but the ground, terraced for irrigation purposes and intersected by nullahs, so impeded our cavalry that the charge, heroic as it was, made little or no impression upon the overwhelming numbers of the enemy. The effort, however, was worthy and that it failed in its object was no fault of our gallant soldiers."
A squadron from the regiment took part in the Second Battle of Charasiab in April 1880 and the regiment, as a whole, undertook the long march, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Bushman, leading to the relief of Kandahar and defeat of Ayub Khan in September 1880.
Second Boer War
During the Second Boer War, the regiment took part in the Battle of Belmont and the Battle of Modder River in November 1899, as well as the Battle of Magersfontein in December 1899, Relief of Kimberley in February 1900 and the subsequent Battle of Paardeberg which resulted in Piet Cronjé's surrender.
After the war, the regiment returned to Sialkot in the Punjab. In the Delhi Durbar of January 1903, the Duke of Connaught specially selected an escort from the 9th Lancers. This was popular with the regiment, but not with all Indian spectators; the regiment had been forbidden to take part as punishment for refusing to disclose the murderers of an Indian cook. Before he died, the man had stated that his assailants were men of the 9th Lancers. It was suggested in the press that the assailants may actually have been unsuccessful applicants for the post of cook. The Viceroy, Lord Curzon, had insisted on a collective penalty being imposed on the 9th Lancers, partially to discourage drunken assaults by British soldiers on Indian camp-followers and partially from a sense of personal outrage at efforts made by officers to conceal the facts of this particular case. The regiment was later reported transferring from Sialkot to Rawalpindi, also in Punjab.
First World War
The regiment landed in France as part of the 2nd Cavalry Brigade in the 1st Cavalry Division in August 1914 for service on the Western Front. Captain Francis Grenfell was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions in saving the guns of 119th Battery, Royal Field Artillery on 24 August 1914 (he was later killed in action on 24 May 1915, as was his twin brother, Riversdale, a yeomanry officer who attached to 9th Lancers). The regiment then participated in the final "lance on lance" action involving British cavalry of the First World War; on 7 September 1914 at Montcel à Frétoy in which Lieutenant Colonel David Campbell led a charge of two troops of B Squadron and overthrew a squadron of the Prussian Dragoons of the Guard.
Inter-war
The regiment was renamed the 9th Queen's Royal Lancers in 1921. It was deployed to Ireland and lost nine of its men in the Scramogue ambush of March 1921 during the Irish War of Independence. In addition to the lack of conflicts, their relative inactivity was also due to the military high command struggling to decide what role cavalry regiments could perform in modern warfare. Lances ceased to be carried by the six lancer regiments in the British Army for active service in 1928, though the impressive if archaic weapon was retained for ceremonial parades and guard duties. In the case of the 9th Lancers, lances were formally withdrawn in 1932, four years before they lost their horses. In the spring of 1938, the Mobile Division, later to become the 1st Armoured Division, was formed: the 2nd Armoured Brigade, which included the 9th Lancers, was assigned to it.
Second World War
The Lancers landed in France to cover the retreating French, Belgian and British armies on 20 May 1940 and took part in the Battle of France. Withdrawn to England, the regiment landed in North Africa in September 1941 and undertook a leading part in the First Battle of El Alamein in July 1942. According to General Sir Richard McCreery:
"The 9th Lancers took part in many decisive battles, none more so perhaps than the long withdrawal from Knightsbridge, south of Gazala, to El Alamein. Many think that Egypt was saved when the Eighth Army defeated Rommel's last big attack in the Western Desert at the end of August 1942. Actually, Egypt was saved earlier during those first few critical days of July when Rommel drove his tanks and self-propelled guns and trucks forward along the Ruweisat Ridge in close formations, to be stopped by the 25-pounders and the remnants of the 2nd Armoured Brigade with their "thin-skinned" Crusader tanks. In this critical action the 9th Lancers took the principal part. Throughout that long withdrawal from Knightsbridge, when the fluctuating Battle of Gazala had finally swung against the Eighth Army, past Sollum and Matruh to the Ruweisat Ridge, only seventy miles from Alexandria, the 2nd Armoured Brigade with the 9th Lancers always there but often reduced to only a handful of tanks, fought on skilfully and with gallant endurance and determination. Egypt was then saved indeed and with the arrival of the 9th Australian Division from Syria about the 6th of July, the tide of the whole war was turned."
McCreery went on:
"Right well did the intensive training of the 9th Lancers with the Sherman bear fruit in the great battle which followed. As the world knows, the breakthrough at El Alamein did not come quickly. Rommel had had two months to build up defenses and minefields in depth. However, in the ten days "dog-fight" tank crews with their new 75-mm guns were knocking out far more enemy tanks than our infantry appreciated at the time."
The regiment's marksmanship was renowned; their best shot was Corporal Nicholls of B Squadron, who was once personally congratulated by General Bernard Montgomery for knocking out nine enemy tanks in one day. The regiment landed in Italy in mid-1944, where it saw action at San Savino in the battle for the Gothic Line in September 1944 on the Italian Front. The regiment formed the spearhead of the British Eighth Army in the breakthrough to the River Po in the Spring of 1945. By the end of War, 143 members of the regiment had lost their lives.
Post-war
The regiment moved to Glencorse Barracks, Edinburgh in December 1947 before deploying to Detmold, Germany in 1949. Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother became Colonel-in-Chief of the regiment in June 1953. It then moved to Bhurtpore Barracks at Tidworth Camp in May 1960. The regiment was amalgamated with the 12th Royal Lancers to form the 9th/12th Royal Lancers in September 1960.
Regimental museum
The Derby Museum and Art Gallery incorporates the Soldier's Story Gallery, based on the collection, inter alia, of the 9th Queen's Royal Lancers.
Battle honours
The regiment's battle honours were as follows:
Early wars: Peninsula, Punniar, Sobraon, Chillianwallah, Goojerat, Punjaub, Delhi 1857, Lucknow, Charasiah, Kabul 1879, Kandahar 1880, Afghanistan 1878–80, Modder River, Relief of Kimberley, Paardeberg, South Africa 1899-1902
The Great War: Mons, Le Cateau, Retreat from Mons, Marne 1914, Aisne 1914, La Bassée 1914, Messines 1914, Armentières 1914, Ypres 1914 '15, Gravenstafel, St. Julien, Frezenberg, Bellewaarde, Somme 1916 '18, Pozières, Flers-Courcelette, Arras 1917, Scarpe 1917, Cambrai 1917 '18, St. Quentin, Rosières, Avre, Amiens, Albert 1918, Hindenburg Line, Pursuit to Mons, France and Flanders 1914-18
The Second World War: Somme 1940, Withdrawal to Seine, North-West Europe 1940, Saunnu, Gazala, Bir el Aslagh, Sidi Rezegh 1942, Defence of Alamein Line, Ruweisat, Ruweisat Ridge, El Alamein, Tebaga Gap, El Hamma, El Kourzia, Tunis, Creteville Pass, North Africa 1942–43, Coriano, Capture of Forli, Lamone Crossing, Pideura, Defence of Lamone Bridgehead, Argenta Gap, Italy 1944-45
Victoria Crosses
Patrick Donohoe, Private – Indian Mutiny, 28 September 1857
John Freeman, Private – Indian Mutiny, 10 October 1857
William Goat, Lance Corporal – Indian Mutiny, 6 March 1858
Thomas Hancock, Private – Indian Mutiny, 19 June 1857
Henry Hartigan, Pensioned Sergeant – Indian Mutiny, 8 June 1857, 10 October 1857
Alfred Stowell Jones, Lieutenant – Indian Mutiny, 8 June 1857
Robert Kells, Lance Corporal – Indian Mutiny, 28 September 1857
Robert Newell, Private – Indian Mutiny, 19 March 1858
John Purcell, Private – Indian Mutiny, 19 June 1857
James Reynolds Roberts, Private – Indian Mutiny, 28 September 1857
David Rushe, Troop Sergeant Major – Indian Mutiny, 19 March 1858
David Spence, Troop Sergeant Major – Indian Mutiny, 17 January 1858
Francis Octavius Grenfell – Captain, First World War, August 1914
Colonel-in-Chief
1953–: HM Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother
Colonels
The colonels of the regiment were as follows:
1715 9th Regiment of Dragoons
1715 Owen Wynne, Wynne's Regiment of Dragoons
1717 in the Irish establishment
1719 James Crofts, Crofts' Dragoons
1732 Richard, Viscount Molesworth, Lord Molesworth's Dragoons
1737 John Cope, Cope's Dragoons
1742 John Brown, Brown's Dragoons
1743 Henry de Grangues, de Grangues's Dragoons
1749 George Reade, Reade's Dragoons
On 1 July 1751, a royal warrant provided that, in future, regiments would not be known by their colonels' names, but by their "number or rank"; however, in this case, that order seems to have been "honoured in the breach".
1756 James Jorden, Jorden's Dragoons
1756 Philip Honywood, Honywood's or Honeywood's Dragoons
1759 Henry Whitley, Whitley's Dragoons
1771 James Johnston, Johnston's Dragoons
1773 Flower Mocher, Mocher's Dragoons
1783 9th Regiment of Light Dragoons
Lightened armour. From 1794 in the British establishment (from the Irish establishment)
1801–1837: Gen. James, Earl of Rosslyn, GCB
1830 9th Queen's Royal Lancers
Named in honour of Queen Adelaide
1837–1839: Lt-Gen. Samuel Need
1839–1865: Gen. Sir James Wallace Sleigh, KCB
1865–1875: Gen. Sir James Hope Grant, GCB
1875–1891: Gen. Sir Archibald Little, GCB
1891–1900: Lt-Gen. Sir William Drysdale, KCB
1900–1930: Maj-Gen. Sir Henry Augustus Bushman, KCB
1930–1936: Gen. Sir David Graham Muschet Campbell, GCB
1936–1940: Brig-Gen. Desmond John Edward Beale-Brown, DSO
1940–1950: Maj-Gen. Charles Wake Norman, CBE
1950–1960: Brig. Sir Christopher Henry Maxwell Peto, Bt., DSO, DL
1960: Regiment amalgamated with the 12th Royal Lancers to form 9th/12th Royal Lancers (Prince of Wales's)
References
Sources
External links
History of the Regiment
Cavalry regiments of the British Army
Queen's Royal Lancers 009
L09
Military units and formations established in 1715
Military units and formations disestablished in 1960
1715 establishments in Great Britain
Military units and formations of the Second Boer War
Hungarian Rhapsody: Queen Live in Budapest is a concert film of the British rock band Queen's performance at the Népstadion in Budapest on 27 July 1986. It was part of the band's final tour with original lead singer Freddie Mercury, The Magic Tour. Queen were one of the few bands from Western Europe to perform in the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War. The film had a limited theatrical release in Eastern Bloc countries in 1987/1988 and worldwide on 20 September 2012. The concert was released on VHS and Laserdisc in the UK and Japan on 16 February 1987 under the original title Queen Live In Budapest, and on DVD and Blu-ray for the first time on 5 November 2012 worldwide, except in the United States where it was released a day later. The concert title is a play on the Hungarian Rhapsodies by Franz Liszt and one of Queen's most celebrated hits, "Bohemian Rhapsody".
Band members
Freddie Mercury - lead vocals, piano, electric guitar on "Crazy Little Thing Called Love"
Brian May - acoustic and electric guitars, keyboard on "Who Wants to Live Forever", backing vocals
Roger Taylor - drums, tambourine, co-lead vocals on "Under Pressure", backing vocals
John Deacon - bass guitar, backing vocals
Additional musicians:
Spike Edney - keyboards, piano, rhythm guitar on "Hammer to Fall", backing vocals
VHS, Laserdisc, DVD & Blu-ray
"One Vision" (Queen)
"Tie Your Mother Down" (Brian May)
"In the Lap of the Gods... Revisited" (Freddie Mercury)
"Seven Seas of Rhye" (Mercury)
"Tear It Up" (May)
"A Kind of Magic" (Roger Taylor)
"Under Pressure" (Queen, David Bowie)
"Who Wants to Live Forever" (May)
"I Want to Break Free" (John Deacon)
"Guitar Solo" (May)
"Now I'm Here" (May)
"Love of My Life" (Mercury)
"Tavaszi Szél Vizet Áraszt" (Traditional)
"Is This the World We Created...?" (Mercury, May)
"Tutti Frutti" (Richard Penniman, Dorothy LaBostrie, Joe Lubin)
"Bohemian Rhapsody" (Mercury)
"Hammer to Fall" (May)
"Crazy Little Thing Called Love" (Mercury)
"Radio Ga Ga" (Taylor)
"We Will Rock You" (May)
"Friends Will Be Friends" (Mercury, Deacon)
"We Are the Champions" (Mercury)
"God Save the Queen" (End credits) (Traditional, arr. May)
Extras
A Magic Year Documentary (DVD and Blu-ray only)
CD version
Disc one
"One Vision" (Queen)
"Tie Your Mother Down" (edited on DVD and Blu-ray) (May)
"In the Lap of the Gods... Revisited" (Mercury)
"Seven Seas of Rhye" (Mercury)
"Tear It Up" (May)
"A Kind of Magic" (Taylor)
"Under Pressure" (Queen, Bowie)
"Another One Bites the Dust" (omitted on DVD and Blu-ray) (Deacon)
"Who Wants to Live Forever" (May)
"I Want to Break Free" (edited on DVD and Blu-ray) (Deacon)
"Looks Like It's Gonna Be a Good Night" (omitted on DVD and Blu-ray) (Queen)
"Guitar Solo" (edited on DVD and Blu-ray) (May)
"Now I'm Here" (May)
Disc two
"Love of My Life" (edited on DVD and Blu-ray) (Mercury)
"Tavaszi Szél Vizet Áraszt" (Traditional)
"Is This the World We Created...?" (Mercury, May)
"(You're So Square) Baby I Don't Care" (omitted on DVD and Blu-ray) (Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller)
"Hello Mary Lou" (omitted on DVD and Blu-ray) (Gene Pitney)
"Tutti Frutti" (edited on DVD and Blu-ray) (Penniman, LaBostrie, Lubin)
"Bohemian Rhapsody" (Mercury)
"Hammer to Fall" (May)
"Crazy Little Thing Called Love" (edited on DVD and Blu-ray) (Mercury)
"Radio Ga Ga" (Taylor)
"We Will Rock You" (May)
"Friends Will Be Friends" (Mercury, Deacon)
"We Are the Champions" (Mercury)
"God Save the Queen" (Traditional, arr. May)
Charts
DVD
Album
Certifications
References
External links
Hungarian Rhapsody: Latest Worldwide Cinema Listings
2012 films
Concert films
2012 live albums
Films shot in Budapest
Hollywood Records video albums
Queen (band) live albums
2010s English-language films
Haedropleura hanleyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
It was previously included within the family Turridae.
It is species inquirenda. It is a spurious taxon, of which no types could be traced and it may be a species of ''Propebela.
Description
Distribution
This species occurs in the English Channel off France.
References
This article incorporates CC-BY-SA-3.0 text from the reference
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1-1295.
hanleyi
Penkun () is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, and one of the smallest in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 25 km east of Prenzlau, and 23 km southwest of Szczecin.
Penkun is known for its Renaissance castle. Due to its proximity to the Szczecin agglomeration, it is a prospering town.
Towns near Penkun
Szczecin (Poland)
Eggesin (Germany)
Ueckermünde (Germany)
Torgelow (Germany)
Pasewalk (Germany)
Gartz (Germany)
Gryfino (Poland)
References
External links
Vorpommern-Greifswald
Populated places established in the 13th century
1260s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1269 establishments in Europe
Jones Falls Area is a neighborhood in north Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Nicolaj Jensen, better known mononymously as Jensen, is a Danish professional League of Legends player for Cloud9. Earlier in his career, he was known as Veigodx and Incarnati0n. Jensen began as a player for Team Solo Mebdi, a team attempting to enter the European LCS via qualifier. He was banned for toxicity and DDOS attacks against other players. After his ban was lifted, Incarnati0n joined NA LCS team Cloud9 in 2015, replacing founding mid laner and strategist Hai on the roster, who had announced his retirement. In 2019, he joined Doublelift and former teammate Impact on Team Liquid. He was released from Team Liquid after the 2021 season in favor of his rival Bjergsen, who took over his position on Team Liquid. In 2022, he has since rejoined Cloud9.
He is considered one of the best mid laners in North America, competing for the spot of the best NA mid laner against Bjergsen. A 2022 retrospective by the LCS staff voted Jensen as the 2nd greatest LCS midlaner of all time, behind only Bjergsen.
Early career in European leagues
In early 2013, Nicolaj Jensen, then known by the screenname Veigodx, was part of Team Solo Mebdi, a team that hoped to qualify for the EU LCS. The team was barred from the tournament after Veigodx and two other players on it were banned. Veigodx was given an indefinite ban from League of Legends servers and the LCS after verbally abusing and performing DDOS attacks against other players online. Unable to compete directly in Riot-sanctioned events, in 2014, he served as a coach for SK Gaming.
Cloud9
Jensen's ban was lifted in March 2015 after a Riot investigation found that he had markedly improved his behavior and ceased getting negative reports from other players, nor was he continuing to DDOS players. Jensen moved to North America and joined Cloud9 in 2015. In having long-time member Hai transition off the team, Jensen would join Sneaky, Meteos, and incoming coach Reapered to challenge the other teams in the NA LCS. Although they did not place very high in the standings during Jensen's first two splits of being on Cloud9, they still qualified for Worlds. In Summer 2016, Cloud9 would add Impact and Smoothie and begin challenging Team SoloMid for the title. Even though they came close to winning the NA LCS several times, Jensen and his teammates were never able to pull it off. In Summer 2018, longtime players Jensen, Sneaky, and Smoothie were benched from the main team and sent to the Academy team by the coaching staff after a poor start to the season, which resulted in a community backlash. They were subbed back onto the team after a few weeks, and this time placed second, behind Team Liquid which finished first. During Jensen's time on Cloud9, the team would become known for having the most international success of the LCS qualifying teams despite not becoming champions of the region. At the 2018 World Championships, Jensen led the team to semifinals, where they ultimately fell to Fnatic.
Team Liquid
In 2019, Jensen would move on from Cloud9 to join Team Liquid, replacing Pobelter. The star-studded Team Liquid roster then included other players such as Impact, Xmithie, Doublelift, and CoreJJ. In Spring 2019, Jensen would earn his first LCS title and then place second at the Mid-Season Invitational. In the following Summer split, Jensen would win his second trophy and bring Team Liquid to its record of four titles in a row. Even though Jensen and Team Liquid had success all year, at the World Championships, Team Liquid would not pass the group stage into the knockout stage. In 2020, more roster changes occurred with Broxah replacing Xmithie in the Spring Split and in the Summer Split, Doublelift leaving. Without Doublelift, Jensen became the main carry of the team and proved himself to be one of the best NA mid laners of all time. Following the 2020 World Championship, Jensen re-signed with Team Liquid for a three-year extension worth $4.2 million. In 2021, Team Liquid placed 2nd in both the Spring Split and the Summer Split, which qualified them from Worlds. They were eliminated in Groups as their 3-3 record was not enough to advance to the quarterfinals.
Despite the contract lasting 2 more years, Jensen was released from Team Liquid at the end of 2021. Jensen's mid-laner rival Bjergsen decided to return from retirement and resume play, and Team Liquid promptly signed him in November 2021. No other team signed Jensen for the 2022 Spring Split, possibly due to the late release as they had already signed and announced other mid laners.
Cloud9 revisited
Jensen was signed by Cloud9 again for the 2022 summer split. During Spring, Cloud9 had played Korean import Summit in top lane and their long-time top-laner Fudge in mid-lane; with the signing of Jensen, Jensen become the new mid-laner, and Fudge returned to top lane.UPDATED May 11 Cloud9 confirm Jensen signing, return to top lane for Fudge, Zven to support
Tournament results
SK Gaming
Cloud9
7th — 2015 Summer NA LCS regular season
9th–11th — 2015 World Championship
3rd — 2016 Spring NA LCS regular season
5th–6th — 2016 Spring NA LCS playoffs
3rd — 2016 Summer NA LCS regular season
2nd — 2016 Summer NA LCS playoffs
5th–8th — 2016 World Championship
2nd — 2017 Spring NA LCS regular season
2nd — 2017 Spring NA LCS playoffs
4th — 2017 Summer NA LCS regular season
5th–6th — 2017 Summer NA LCS playoffs
5th–8th — 2017 World Championship
5th — 2018 Spring NA LCS regular season
5th–6th — 2018 Summer NA LCS playoffs
2nd — 2018 Summer NA LCS regular season
2nd — 2018 Summer NA LCS playoffs
3rd–4th — 2018 World Championship
1st — 2022 Summer LCS Championship
Team Liquid
1st — 2019 Spring LCS regular season
1st — 2019 Spring LCS playoffs
2nd — 2019 Mid-Season Invitational
1st — 2019 Summer LCS regular season
1st — 2019 Summer LCS playoffs
9th–16th — 2019 World Championship
1st — 2020 Summer LCS regular season
3rd — 2020 Summer LCS playoffs
9th–16th — 2020 World Championship
1st — 2021 LCS Lock-In playoffs
3rd — 2021 LCS Spring Regular Season
2nd — 2021 LCS Mid-Season Showdown
5th — 2021 LCS Summer Regular Season
2nd — 2021 LCS Championship
References
External links
Cloud9 (esports) players
Copenhagen Wolves players
SK Gaming players
League of Legends coaches
Living people
Danish esports players
Danish expatriates in the United States
People from California
League of Legends mid lane players
1995 births
Nickheads is a daily interactive show presented by Mark and Laura, airing every weekday from 4 pm up to 6 pm on Nickelodeon UK. During Nickheads there are crazy games where viewers must try to guess the outcome via the sky remote. The show also airs popular Nickelodeon shows such as SpongeBob SquarePants and Drake & Josh and during these shows questions about the show pop up at the bottom of the screen and viewers must answer via the sky remote. The viewer at the end of the hour with the most points is the winner. Nickheads is currently airing its second series.
References
Nickelodeon original programming
Gabunia () is a Georgian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Davit Gabunia (born 1982), Georgian translator, playwright, and author
Giorgi Gabunia (born 1975), Georgian journalist and host
Surnames of Georgian origin
Georgian-language surnames
Memento (Warning) is a young adult novel with reporting elements, written by Czech author Radek John and published in 1986. The story is set in Prague in the 1980s. It was made into a film for Czechoslovakian television in 1990
The novel is written with literary language with elements of argot and slang of drug addicts. It is a subjective narration from the point of view of Michal, the main character. The author wanted to warn the public of rising drug problems in present days. Its importance lies in the fact it is the first work concerning this taboo theme in the time of the previous totalitarian communist regime in Czechoslovakia. The situation at that time was that the number of addicts was growing, but it had not been publicly discussed. It warns that escaping from problems through drugs will end badly.
Synopsis
When the story opens, readers are introduced to Michal Otava, who is severely addicted to drugs, and who is taken to hospital because repeated injection of intravenous drugs has led to deep inflammation of his veins . His period within hospital care brackets the framework of the story. Michal recollects how he got involved with the narcotics underworld while still at high school. As time goes on, he becomes more deeply addicted.
Michal runs away from home after experiencing unrequited love for his classmate Olina. Given that that leads nowhere, he decides to run away from home with her friend Honza. However, Michal and Honza are soon caught. Michal's authoritarian father is responsible for an abusive and dysfunctional context at home. Honza and Michal travel to a party of drug addicts in Prague. The addicts are informally led by the charismatic Richard. Michal falls in love with Eva, an addict whom he meets at the party. He then becomes involved within the addict subculture due to his difficulties at home and high school.
At home, Michal's parents are unable to deal with his drug addiction. As a consequence of his deepening addiction, he is expelled from school shortly afterwards. He immediately joins the Czech Army, where he learns to deal with his addiction, leading it to diminish. However, after a year of military service, Michal steals a box of morphine , and he becomes addicted again. After returning from his time within the armed forces, Michal becomes even more deeply addicted to drugs. Michal tries to live in a shared flat with Eva, but drugs permeate their relationship and they cannot tolerate each other's company without it. There are repeated attempts to go 'cold turkey' , but always either Michal or Eva relapse and trapped in co-dependency, they both become mired within the addict subculture once more. When Michal's morphine runs out, the couple rob a pharmacy together. Predictably, they are caught. Neither denies complicity and Eva and Michal are both sentenced to two years in prison.
When he leaves prison, Michal tries to avoid his former social network of addicts. Honza gets in touch with him again, however. She convinces him to produce crystal meth with her. Michal is still codependent with Eva, who is still in prison. Unable to resist, he starts manufacturing crystal methamphetamine and his drug dependency further worsens. Eva is now pregnant with Michal's child, but neither are able to give up drugs. Consequently, unable to deal with parental responsibilities due to her addiction, Eva has an abortion. After her abortion, they drift apart. Michal is repeatedly in prison or a psychiatric hospital over the next several years. However, he never recovers from his addiction. Eva becomes pregnant again and Michal learns that she was poisoned by anhydrous ammonia (used in the manufacture of crystal meth) during that pregnancy. As a consequence, Eva kills herself. Michal is suffering from a severe stomach ulcer due to his crystal meth addiction so he initially disbelieves that Eva has committed suicide. Suffering from narcotic psychosis, he believes that Eva was murdered by someone from the initial addict network in Prague, which is now trying to kill Michal as well. After his latest period in prison, Michal and several neophyte addicts, prepare to avenge themselves against the network. Before he can do so, however, Michal overdoses and ends up in the hospital, which ends his period of recollection.
After he is released from the hospital, Michal continues to take drugs and after another overdose he is found by his mother in a comatose condition. Doctors save him but he has permanent brain damage due to his extensive drug use. Consequently, he is now unable to live independently.
See also
Christiane F. - Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo (film)
References
Vladimír Prokop, Přehled české literatury 20. století
1986 novels
Czech novels
Novels set in Prague
Tkacz is a Polish occupational surname meaning "weaver". Notable people with this surname include:
Andrzej Tkacz (born 1946), Polish ice hockey player
Dawid Tkacz, Polish footballer
Małgorzata Tkacz-Janik (born 1965), Polish feminist and politician
Nathaniel Tkacz, academic
Wojciech Tkacz (born 1969), Polish ice hockey player
Virlana Tkacz (born 1952), American theatre director
See also
Tkaczyk
Polish-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Santa Comba Club de Fútbol was a football team based in Santa Comba in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1980, it merged with Xallas CF in June 2012 to form Xallas de Santa Comba CF. The club's played home games in A Fontenla, which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.
Season to season
6 seasons in Tercera División
References
External links
senafutbolmarin.blogspot.com.es profile
Futbolme.com profile
Football clubs in Galicia (Spain)
Association football clubs established in 1980
Association football clubs disestablished in 2012
Defunct football clubs in Galicia
1980 establishments in Spain
The Welsh Field Archery Association (WFAA) is the governing body of field archery in Wales. The WFAA is affiliated to the world governing body, the International Field Archery Association (IFAA). which is a member of the leading World Sport for all association TAFISA. The WFAA manages all aspects of the sport in Wales, including governance, national teams, organisation and administration of national and international tournaments.
History
The WFAA was founded in after the British Field Archery Association merged with the English Field Archery Association to form the EFAA. The merger of the BFAA and EFAA was designed to bring the sport under a single governing body but in the event, this did not suit the majority of the membership. In 1967, the Scottish members broke away and formed the Scottish Field Archery Association. This development precipitated a meeting of the Welsh Company of Archers which was held at Glyncornel Centre, Rhondda in December 1969 where it was decided to form the Welsh Field Archery Association (WFAA) as the governing body of the sport of field archery in Wales. This development spelt the birth of the WFAA of today and also of the now well known format in the UK whereby each of the Home Nations has its own governing body. This format also means that Great Britain is not represented in the IFAA code of field archery at international level.
Structure and Management of the WFAA
The WFAA is headed by its President who chairs the WFAA General Committee. This Committee bears overall responsibility for the running of the Association and consists of administrators who manage record keeping, communication, finances, tournament management, coaching activities, and team selection. Each member club has a representative on the General Committee. The Committee also has an IFAA Delegate who represents Wales' interests with the IFAA and who attends the bi-annual IFAA World Council Meeting.
In addition, there are two sub-committees: The Welsh Squad and Team Selection Panel (who are tasked with team and squad selection), and the Coaching Committee, which is headed by the National Coach (who are responsible for the management of training and development of coaches).
Day-to-day running of archery activities is managed by the WFAA's network of clubs who manage training for archers from beginner level upwards, classification shoots, and regional level tournaments.
National and international tournaments are usually hosted by member clubs but managed directly by the WFAA General Committee.
Development of Field Archery in Wales
Since 2004 the WFAA has seen a large increase in development activities in Wales to promote the sport and increase its profile in the Principality. During this period the WFAA has increased its network of clubs, promoted membership growth, and grown its network of field archery courses across Wales. In 2009 the WFAA signed up to the newly conceived IFAA International Instructors Program. Subsequently, all coaches and instructors in Wales underwent re-training and re-qualification to the new system. This has resulted in more structured training of archers at all levels in Wales.
2009 also saw the appointment of a new post of National Coach. This position was charged not only with responsibility for development of coaches in Wales, but also for development of elite archers. This development saw a re-structuring of the Welsh National Squad program to make it more effective and structured.
Hosting of Major Tournaments
The WFAA holds annual National Championships for field archery, 3D Bowhunting and Indoor target archery. Archers from Wales also compete in the UK & Ireland Field Archery Championships which are held annually and which consists of archers from Wales, England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. The hosting of this tournament rotates around each member nation and WFAA hosts once every five years.
The WFAA has hosted the European Field Archery Championships twice in its history. The first was in 1980 when the tournament was held on the Dunraven Estate at Merthyr Mawr, near Bridgend in South Wales. The second time was in 2009 when the tournament was held at Tal y Coed, near Monmouth.
International Tournament Success
The WFAA has enjoyed international tournament success over the years, particularly during the 1980s and 2004 onwards. Wales has had 4 world champions in its history: Fabien Spalvieri (2003), Mathew Symmonds (2008, 2010, 2014), Gary Hart (2013) and Sandra Anderson (2015). There have also been a number of Welsh archers who have won the European Field Archery Championships, European Bowhunter Championships and the UK & Ireland Field Archery Championships.
References
Archery in the United Kingdom
Sports governing bodies in Wales
Archery organizations
1970 establishments in Wales
Thomas Hall (1610–1665) was an English clergyman and ejected minister.
Life
He was son of Richard Hall, clothier, by his wife Elizabeth (Bonner), and was born in St. Andrew's parish, Worcester, about 22 July 1610. He was educated at the King's School, Worcester, under Henry Bright, one of the most celebrated schoolmasters of the day. In 1624 he entered Balliol College, Oxford, as an exhibitioner. Finding himself under 'a careless tutor,' he moved to the newly founded Pembroke College as a pupil of Thomas Lushington. He graduated B.A. on 7 February 1629. Returning to Worcestershire, he became teacher of a private school, and preached in the chapels of several hamlets in the parish of Kings Norton, of which his brother, John Hall, vicar of Bromsgrove, was perpetual curate. At this period he conformed, but attendance at the puritan lecture, maintained at Birmingham, contributed to make him a presbyterian. He became curate at Kings Norton under his brother, who soon resigned the living in his favour. The living was of little value, but Hall obtained the mastership of the grammar school, founded by Edward VI.
During the civil war he was 'many times plundered, and five times imprison'd', according to Edmund Calamy. He refused preferment when his party was in power. In June 1652 he 'had liberty allow'd him by the delegates of the university' to take the degree of B.D. on the terms of preaching a Latin and an English sermon. His presbyterian principles prevented him from joining Richard Baxter's Worcestershire agreement in 1653; and he became a member of the presbytery of Kenilworth, Warwickshire (see Obadiah Grew). He, however, signed Baxter's Worcestershire petition for the retention of tithe and a settled ministry.
Hall was a 'plain but fervent' preacher, and 'a lover of books and learning'. When the first Birmingham library was established in connection with the Birmingham grammar school he contributed many books, and collected others from his friends. Subsequently, he founded a similar library at Kings Norton; the parish at his instance erected a building, and Hall transferred to it all his books for public use. After his ejection by the Uniformity Act (1662) he was reduced to great poverty, but his friends did not allow him to want. He died on 13 April 1665, and was buried at Kings Norton.
Views
He was a "high" Presbyterian, concerned to put in place a national church.
Histrio-mastix, or A Whip for Webster, starts from a clear mistake of the identity of John Webster the physician, for the dead dramatist John Webster; Hall argues from an "unyielding Aristotelian" point of view, and for no change in the educational system. It was a companion to the Vindiciae literarum (1654), which Christopher Hill calls "hysterical".
He was an opponent of astrology, associating it in Histrio-mastix with the 'Familistical-Levelling-Magical temper'.
Family
John Hall (1633–1710), Bishop of Bristol, was his nephew.
Works
Hall wrote:
Wisdoms Conquest. &c. 1651, translation of the contest of Ajax and Ulysses, Ovid, Metamorphoses. xiii.
The Pulpit Guarded with XVII. Arguments, &c., against unlicensed preachers; with appendix, also found separately, Six Arguments to prove our Ministers free from Antichristianisme, &c., 1651.
The Font Guarded with XX. Arguments, &c., 1651 (i.e. 1652), against indiscriminate baptism; has appendix, The Collier and his Colours, &c., 1662, against Thomas Collier, a General Baptist preacher, of Unitarian views; and second appendix, Praeecursor Praecursoris: or a Word to Mr. Tombs, &c., 1652, against John Tombes (1603–1666), Baptist preacher.
The Beauty of Holiness, 1653; Wood gives 1656; perhaps a second edition.
Comarum Ἀκοσμία. The Loathsomnesse of Long Haire. ... Appendix ... against & Painting, &c.,1654.
Centuria Sacra ... Rules for ... understanding of the Holy Scriptures, 1654, 8vo.
Rhetorica Sacra ... Tropes and Figures contained in the Sacred Scriptures,' &c., 1654. Histrio-mastix. A Whip for Webster, &c., 1654, against an "examen of academies" appended to John Webster's Saint's Guide, 1654.Vindiciae Literarium; the Schools Guarded, &c., 1654 (i.e. 1655); makes all learning a handmaid to divinity. Phaetons Folly, &c., 1655, translations of Ovid, Metamorphoses ii. and Tristia eleg. i. A Scriptural Discourse of the Apostacy of Antichrist, &c., 1655. Chiliastomastix Redivivus, sive Homesus Enervatus. A Confutation of the Millenarian Opinion .., with a Word to our Fifth-monarchy Men, &c., 1657, (Wood); 1658, against The Resurrection Revealed, 1654, by Nathaniel Holmes, D.D.A Practical and Polemical Commentary, on 2 Tim. iii. iv., &c., 1658. Tὸ ὅλος τῆς γῆς: sive Apologia pro Ministerio Evangelico, &c., Frankfort, 1658; in English, Apology for the Ministry, &c., 1660, (Smith). Samaria's Downfall, &c., 1659, 4to; commentary on Hosea xiii. 12–16, supplementary to the Exposition of Jeremiah Burroughes; 1660; 1843; appended is an attack on Solomon Eccles, the Quaker. The Beauty of Magistracy, &c., 1660, written with George Swinnocke. Funebria Florae. The Downfall of May-games, &c., 1660; 1661, two editions. An Exposition'': [Amos, iv–ix.], &c., 1661.
References
Sources
(read online at archive.org)
External links
1610 births
1665 deaths
English Presbyterian ministers of the Interregnum (England)
Ejected English ministers of 1662
People educated at King's School, Worcester
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Alumni of Pembroke College, Oxford
Old Jupiter School (aka Jupiter Elementary School, Historic Jupiter School) is a historic landmark located in Jupiter, Florida. The school was constructed in 1927 to serve approximately 100 white-only students and served as the area's primary school until 1965.
The school is owned and managed by the Palm Beach County School Board, which restored the interior of the building in 2006 at a cost of $6.4 million. The county continues to discuss more renovations in the future.
The building was designed by architect William Manly King, who designed all Palm Beach County schools built in the 1920s. The facility is architecturally described as a Mediterranean Revival.
See also
Primary education in the United States
School segregation in the United States
Harder Hall in Highlands County, Florida, NRHP listed
Pahokee High School in Palm Beach County, Florida, NRHP listed
Osborne School (1948) in Lake Worth, Florida.
Palm Beach Junior College (1927),
Old West Palm Beach National Guard Armory
References
American architectural styles
Schools in Florida
Jupiter, Florida
Mediterranean Revival architecture in Florida
Mediterranean Revival architecture
Primary education
Revival architectural styles
School types
Segregated schools in the United States
Segregated schools
Segregation
David Burrows (born 1965) is a British artist and writer. His work consists of drawings and paint-spattered, debris-littered, haphazard installations. He writes articles on art and aesthetics and was the editor of Article Press when based at Birmingham City University. He is currently a Reader in Fine Art at Slade School of Fine Art, where his research interests include the depictions of events and aftermaths, utopian narratives and indexical art practices.
Life and work
Burrows was born in London and obtained an MA in Fine Art at Goldsmiths College in 1994. Between 1993 and 1995 he was a member of the art collective BANK with Simon Bedwell, John Russell, Milly Thompson and Andrew Williamson. In 2001 he was shortlisted for the Beck's Futures art prize. For several years he has collaborated with Simon O'Sullivan and others to create the fictional group Plastique Fantastique, who employ ritualised performance to manifest human and inhuman avatars who deliver communiqués from the past and the future.
Solo exhibitions include Praz-Delavallade, Paris (2001); fa projects, London (2002); Fredericke Taylor Gallery, New York (2002); Note, Arezzo (2002). Burrows' practice also includes collaborations, including with DJ Simpson at Artspace Sydney as part of an Arts Council England International Residency in 2003. Burrows received a Paul Hamlyn Award for Visual Artists in 2002.
In 2004 he had a major solo exhibition at the Chisenhale Gallery London.
He is represented by IMT Gallery, London.
References
External links
Plastique Fantastique website
IMT Gallery website
1965 births
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
21st-century English male artists
Living people
English contemporary artists
20th-century English male artists
Jagadish Gupta (5 July 1886 – 15 April 1957) was an Indian poet, novelist and short story writer. Known for his realistic view of life, strange character portrayal and unique narrative style, he was one of the major exponents of modern Bengali literature.
Born as Jagadish Chandra Sengupta in Kushtia, Bengal Presidency, he studied in Calcutta and later took up work as a 'job-typist' at the Judge's Court in Seuri. He also worked at Executive Engineer's office in Sambalpur, Orissa, at Patna High Court and at Bolpur Chawki Adalat as a typist. After retirement from his job, he settled in Calcutta. The Government of India granted him a 'Distinguished Man of Letters Allowance' in 1954.
Gupta's stories had been published in periodicals like Bharati, Bijoli, Uttara, Kali-Kalam and Kallol. His first novel Asadhu Siddhartha was published in 1928. Some of his other notable works include Binodini, Udaylekha, Meghabrito Ashani, Dulaler Dola, Nishedher Patabhumikay, Loghu Guru etc.
Life
Jagadish Gupta was born at Kushtia, Nadia district (now in Kushtia District, Bangladesh) to Kailash Chandra Sengupta and Saudamini Devi. His birth name was Jagadish Chandra Sengupta which he never used in his literary career. He was born in July 1886; but the exact date of his birth is unknown. As a child Gupta went to the village pathshala (primary school) run by Ramlal Saha. Later he came away to Calcutta and was admitted into City Collegiate School from where he passed Matriculation Examination in 1905 and admitted to the Ripon College (now Surendranath College). He started writing poems in this time. After passing First Arts Examination, he started learning stenography and typing. He married Charubala Sengupta of Osmanpur, Nadia in 1906. He gave up his studies at Ripon College in 1907 and he took up a job as a 'job-typist' at Seuri District Judge's Court in 1908. That was not a regular salaries job but he would be paid remuneration against the work he did. In 1912, he was appointed as a regular salaried typist in the office of the Executive Engineer in Sambalpur, Orissa. In 1918, he took up the job of a salaried typist at Patna High Court but resigned from the job in 1924 and vowed never to take up a job again though his financial condition compelled him to take up a typist's job in Bolpur Chowki Adalat in 1927. In 1944, he retired form his job and left Bolpur to settle in Calcutta where he stayed at the house of Kshitish Gupta at the Lake Market area. In 1950, he shifted to his own house at Jadavpur and started bringing up a girl named Sukumari. In 1954, the Government of India granted him a 'Distinguished Man of Letters Allowance' of Rupees 150 which was later reduced to Rupees 75. He died of a head injury in his Calcutta residency on 15 April 1957.
Works
Jagadish Gupta started his writing career as a poet and later, became a famous short story writer.
Poems
Jagadish Gupta started his literary career as a poet. He contributed poems to journals like Uttara, Prabasi, Bharatbarsha and Sonar Bangla. He had written many poems throughout his life, but little of these were published. He did not represent the Anti-Tagore movement of modern Bengali poetry, which was the trend of his times, although he imitated none. His first Collection of poems, Akshara was published in 1932. Kashyap o Surabhi, a collection of twelve narrative poems featuring Achyutananda, an ordinary man who expresses the poet's wishes and unfulfilled desires, is another notable work by Gupta. Many of his later poems appeared in the journals Hindu and Jugantar. His last published work Bishakto Bandar appeared in the annual autumnal issue of Jugantar. It is known that Gupta wished to publish another collection of poems titled Tulsi, but whether this collection was ever published is unconfirmed.
Short stories
Gupta's first short story Paying Guest appeared in Bijoli in 1904 and his first collection of stories, Binodini was published in 1927. Only nine of his collections of stories now survive: Udaylekha, Upayan, Pike Sri Mihir Pramanik, Binodini, Meghabrita, Ashani, Ruper Bahire, Shashanka Kabiraajer Stree, Srimati and Jagadish Guptar Swa-Nirbachita Galpa. “The stories he wrote on psychological themes,” observes Chattopadhyay, “are as subtle as they are varied. Moreover he wrote stories based on some strange tendencies of human nature about which we are not always aware, and which are illuminated only by the light of subtle observation.” He wrote one hundred and twenty five stories. Some of his notable stories are "Payomukham", "Chandrasurya Jatadin", "Asha o Ami", "Har", "Pike Sri Mihir Pramanik", "Ami o Debrajer Stree" etc.
Books
Binodini
Ruper Bahire
Srimoti
Swanirbachito Golpo
Osadhu Sidhartho
Dulaler Dola
Notes
References
Writers from Kolkata
External links
Jagadish Gupta at the West Bengal Public Library Network
Bengali-language writers
Bengali male poets
Bengali-language poets
1886 births
1957 deaths
Hindu poets
People from Kushtia District
Surendranath College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
20th-century Indian poets
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian male writers
Writers from Kolkata
Solomon Dingol (March 15, 1887 – June 12, 1961) was a Russian-born Jewish-American Yiddish journalist and newspaper editor.
Life
Dingol was born on March 15, 1887 in Rahachow, in what was then the Russian Empire and is now Belarus, the son of Samuel Dingol and Esther Frieda Pozin.
The descendent of a scholarly Hassidic family, Dingol received a traditional Jewish education and studied secular subjects in a state school He later studied political economy in the University of Bern in Switzerland. He immigrated to England in 1908 and began writing correspondence pieces for the Fraynd of Saint Petersburg and Warsaw. He also wrote for, among other papers, the Novyi Vostok in Moscow, the Vuhin in Galicia, Haynt in Warsaw, Dos Naye Land and Tsukunft in New York, and Nayer Zhurnal in Paris. While living in London, he edited Der Fonograf from 1911 to 1912, Der Idisher Zhurnal from 1913 to 1914, and Di Velt from 1915 to 1916. He immigrated to the United States in 1916 and studied in Columbia University. He was a assistant editor of the New York City paper Yidishes Tageblat from 1917 to 1919, and he wrote the musical mystery drama Der Neyder (The Vow) in 1920 and the play Fremd Blut (Strange Blood) in 1922. From 1923 to 1924, he was a assistant editor of The Forward and editor of the paper's Sunday edition. He began contributing to Der Tog in 1920.
In 1920, Dingol investigated and exposed Henry Ford's anti-Semitic propaganda. He created a survey of new immigration legislation in 1925, and in 1926 his editorials on the subject was used in Congress in arguments for liberal immigration laws. He helped start a movement in the Lower East Side for free vacation for poor Jewish children, which resulted in the formation of the East Side Vacation Association (which he was a director of) and the purchase of Camp Vacamas in Whiteport to serve as a free vacation grounds for poor children. He was also a director of the Hebrew High School and Herzliah and a national executive committee member of the Zionist Organization of America. By 1926, he was managing editor of Der Tog.
Dingol became editor-in-chief of Der Tog in 1947, following the death of William Edlin. In 1953, when Der Tog merged with the Jewish Morning Journal, he became editor of the newly-merged paper The Day-Morning Journal. He published current event pieces and editorials, and for many years he published an article every Sunday called “Di Vokh in Yidishn Lebn” (The Week in Jewish Life) that was one of the most widely read sections of the paper. He wrote Fertribene Neshomes, Ertseylung (Dispossessed Souls, a Story) in 1910, compiled and translated the literary collection Velt-Literatur (World Literature) in 1909, and translated works from Leonid Andreyev, Arthur Schnitzler, and Anatole France. He also translated, under the pen name Z. Rozes, works by Stanisław Przybyszewski, Andreyev, Władysław Reymont, Ivan Turgenev, and Mikhail Artsybashev. His translations were written while he was living in London. In 1927, he wrote the chapter on Jews for Henry Pratt Fairchild's Immigrant Backgrounds.
Dingol was vice-president and chairman of the executive committee chairman of the United HIAS Service, board member of YIVO, president of the Sholem Aleichem Folk Institute, board member of the Jewish Teachers' Seminary, and founder and president of the Committee for Yiddish in the High Schools. He was married to Yetta, and their children were Esther, Sonia, Eve, and Shulamith.
Dingol died in Mount Sinai Hospital on June 12, 1961. He was buried in the Workmen's Circle cemetery in New Jersey.
References
1887 births
1961 deaths
People from Rahachow
American people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
English people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
Jews from the Russian Empire
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United Kingdom
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
20th-century British Jews
English Jewish writers
Journalists from London
20th-century English translators
English newspaper editors
Yiddish-language journalists
Translators to Yiddish
20th-century American Jews
Jewish American journalists
American male journalists
20th-century American newspaper editors
Journalists from New York City
Editors of New York City newspapers
Burials in New Jersey
House at 58 Eighteenth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1893 and is a two-story, three bay clapboard sided residence with a cross gable roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a first floor porch with spindle balustrade and fishscale shingling. Also on the property is a contributing cast iron fence.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1893
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Sumaira Yasir Rasheed is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
She ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-115 (Narowal-I) as an independent candidate in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. She received 27,316 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Nasir Khan, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
She was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-115 (Narowal-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) in 2008 Pakistani general election. She received 59,688 votes and defeated Muhammad Naseer Khan, a candidate of PML-Q.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Racton Monument (known locally as Racton Ruin) is a folly on a hill in Racton, West Sussex, England with views over Chichester Harbour and to the Isle of Wight. It was commissioned by the 2nd Earl of Halifax, either as a summerhouse for the nearby Stansted Estate or so he could watch his merchant ships dock at the nearby port, Emsworth, on The Solent. One news report states that the lower level was also to be used for holding banquets.
History
This Grade II listed building was designed by architect Theodosius Keene, son of Henry Keene. It was built between 1766 and 1775 and some sources suggest that it has been called Stansted Castle.
The Listing summary states that the design featured a triangular base, with a round turret at each angle. Of a red brick construction, the building was originally faced with flints and stood four storeys high (), a height it retains to this day. However, it has been abandoned for over a century and is in a state of ruin, with the floors and much of the original flint facing having disappeared, and its roof caving in.
Planned restoration and conversion
The property is privately owned by architect Mark Talbot (since 1987). His application for planning permission to turn it into a dwelling was refused in August 2020 by the South Downs National Park Authority. The decision stated that the conversion would lead to an "'unsympathetic form of development', due to the intended scale, design and appearance" and that the owner had provided "insufficient information had been provided to justify the impact of the proposals", according to a news report.
Planning consent for a conversion to a private dwelling had been provided in 1991 by Chichester District Council, but work did not begin and the consent expired in April 2013. Prior to converting the folly into a residence, Talbot had planned to "replace the missing elements, both structural and decorative, and to refurbish the building as far as practical to match the original design" according to a June 2020 news report.
Condition and concerns
By February 2012, the tower's condition described as follows: "Flint deterioration (peeling from brick core), particularly bad to South elevation. Severe brick deterioration to west window. Numerous sills dropped".
In 2020, Mark Talbot said that the folly had been "a focal point of 'undesirable and sometimes illegal gatherings' as well as suffering from fly tipping, and dumping of cars". Occult acts were said to have taken place on occasion at the ruined folly. It has drawn paranormal investigators investigating reported paranormal activity. Intrigue surrounds the myth that the folly may have been used by smugglers.
According to Country Life, "it has seen illegal raves, ghost hunts, occultists and graffiti, and was, reputedly, a 19th-century brothel". Local lore suggests "spectral sightings [that] include flying bricks, faces in windows and a ghost tractor that drives up behind you, then disappears".
Gallery
References
Buildings and structures in West Sussex
Scheduled monuments in West Sussex
Grade II listed buildings in West Sussex
Folly buildings in England
Houses completed in 1775
Texas A&M International University (TAMIU) is a public university in Laredo, Texas. It is part of the Texas A&M University System and home to over 8,500 students each academic semester. TAMIU offers over 70 undergraduate and graduate degrees in four colleges.
History
1969: Established as a branch of Texas A&I University at Kingsville, and named Texas A&I University at Laredo, functioning as an upper-level University for juniors, seniors, and graduate students. The Senate bill was introduced by Wayne Connally, brother of Governor John B. Connally, Jr.
1977: University's name changes to Laredo State University.
1989: University joins The Texas A&M University System.
1993: Name changes to Texas A&M International University.
1995: An unsuccessful attempt is made to transfer TAMIU to the University of Texas System. TAMIU becomes a four-year University, welcomes its first freshman class and opens its new campus, the first new University campus constructed in Texas in over 25 years.
2004: Doctoral program in International Business Administration is launched.
2006: Early College High School joins TAMIU (in collaboration with Laredo Independent School District).
2009: 40th Anniversary Celebration (2009-2010) begins.
2010: Dedicates Autism Interventions Center.
2010: Dedicates new University Success Center.
2011: Dining Center Expansion in Student Center opens.
2012: With the approval of The Texas A&M University System Board of Regents, the University Success Center is renamed the Senator Judith Zaffirini Student Success Center. Formal dedication ceremonies are scheduled in September 2012.
2014: Enabled by legislation authored by State Senator Judith Zaffirini and approved by the 79th Texas Legislature in 2005, the University announced its historic launch of a University-level academy on its campus for highly gifted and motivated high school seniors, to be known thereafter as The Texas Academy of International and Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Studies.
Academics
Texas A&M International University offers undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral degrees through four colleges. They include:
College of Arts and Sciences
A. R. Sanchez, Jr. School of Business
College of Education
College of Nursing and Health Sciences
Rankings
According to U.S. News & World Report in "2015 Best College Rankings" TAMIU has been moved up and ranked No. 20 in Top Public Regional Universities, West, and in 2014 TAMIU's rank was 35th.
In 2015, The Economist Magazine's "List of America's Best Colleges" ranked TAMIU ninth in the nation, ahead of all other schools in Texas.
In 2013, the National Council on Teacher Quality, based in Washington, D.C., ranked TAMIU subpar in the matriculation of its education majors, of which there were some seven hundred graduates between 2009 and 2012. The institution received 2.5 on an 8.0 ranking system, or 1.5 for its elementary program and 1.0 for the secondary studies. TAMIU provides the majority of public school teachers to the two systems in Webb County. The programs were evaluated based on rigor, selectivity, and the level of mentorship provided to prospective educators.
TAMIU officials questioned the motive, methodology, and results of the study. University officials released a statement: "TAMIU joins other teacher-training programs from colleges of education across the nation in challenging the accuracy of NCTQ results that incorporate inaccurate data and inherently flawed research methodology." The NCTQ was founded in 2000 by the conservative think tank, the Thomas B. Fordham Institute. TAMIU suggested that the NCTQ favors the dismantling of university teacher education programs with "bargain-basement online programs, some of which are directed by NCTQ surrogates." TAMIU questioned why no NCTQ researcher visited the campus but instead based its evaluation on information sent primarily to the Washington office via emails.
The TAMIU program was placed on probation in February 2013 by the Texas Board of Educator Certification. Though 70 percent of the TAMIU education graduates passed the certification examination, state accountability standards require an 80 percent completion rate to avoid probationary status. TAMIU President Ray Keck noted that Texas Tech, Rutgers, Syracuse, and Stanford universities all fared poorly in the NCTQ study as well and asked, "Do you honestly believe those universities run slipshod programs in education?" In July 2014, the University was notified by the State Board for Educator Certification (SBEC) that its full accreditation status had been restored.
In 2014, the College Affordability and Transparency Center, a project of the U.S. Department of Education, ranked the university sixth in the nation for lowest net price among public four-year universities.
Research
TAMIU is home to various research centers, including the Binational Center, Center for the Study of Western Hemispheric Trade, The Western Hemispheric Trade Information Center, the Texas Center for Border Economics and Enterprise Development, the Small Business Development Center and the Center for Earth and Environmental Studies.
Benefactors
One of the institution's largest private benefactors was Radcliffe Killam (1910-2007), a Laredo oilman who donated $2 million to establish The Center for Western Hemispheric Trade, in addition to the University's campus land. Killam and his wife, the former Sue Spivey, were honored by TAMIU with honorary doctorates and the naming of the Radcliffe and Sue Killam Library.
Athletics
The Texas A&M International (TAMIU) athletic teams are called the Dustdevils. The university is a member of the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), primarily competing in the Lone Star Conference (LSC) since the 2019–20 academic year. The Dustdevils previously competed in the D-II Heartland Conference from 2006–07 to 2018–19 and in the Red River Athletic Conference (RRAC) of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) from 2002–03 to 2005–06.
TAMIU competes in 13 intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports included baseball, basketball, cross-country, golf and soccer; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, softball and volleyball; and co-ed sports include cheerleading and dance.
Move to NCAA Division II
The Dustdevils became active members of NCAA Division II on September 1, 2008. As an active member, TAMIU is eligible for conference championships and NCAA tournament berths.
Rebranding
In August 2014, the Dustdevil Athletics Department launched a new team logo and marks for the NCAA Division II programs.
Accomplishments
Men's basketball (2010 and 2013 Heartland Conference Tournament Championship)
Women's basketball (2013 Heartland Conference Champions)
Men's soccer (2003 Red River Athletic Conference Champions, 2010 Heartland Conference Title)
Women's volleyball (2002 West Division Athletics Conference Champions)
Softball (2010 Heartland Conference Tournament Championship)
Notable alumni
Esther Buckley, member of the United States Commission on Civil Rights, 1983-1992; Laredo educator
Henry Cuellar, member of the United States House of Representatives since 2005
Rodney Lewis, oil and natural gas industrialist
Juan Perez, Wisconsin politician
Tano Tijerina, former pitcher for minor-league teams of the Milwaukee Brewers, incoming County Judge of Webb County
Notable faculty
Ned Kock, information systems professor and human evolution theorist
Rafael A. Lecuona, former Olympic gymnast and late political science professor
Jerry D. Thompson, historian and award-winning author of multiple books on the American Southwest
Gallery
References
External links
Official athletics website
Public universities and colleges in Texas
Texas A&M University System
Education in Laredo, Texas
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Buildings and structures in Laredo, Texas
Draconyx (meaning "dragon claw") is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Jurassic. It was an ornithopod which lived in what is now Portugal and was a herbivore. It was found in the Lourinhã Formation in 1991, and described by Octávio Mateus and Miguel Telles Antunes in 2001.
Etymology
The type species, known from only partial remains, is Draconyx loureiroi. The generic name is derived from Latin draco, "dragon", and Ancient Greek ὄνυξ, onyx, "claw". The specific name is in honour of João de Loureiro, a Portuguese jesuit priest, a pioneer in Portuguese palaeontology.
Material
The holotype, ML 357, a partial skeleton lacking the skull, consists of two maxillary teeth, three caudal centra, one chevron, a distal epiphysis of right humerus, one manual phalanx, three manual unguals, a distal epiphysis of the right femur, the proximal and distal epiphyses of the tibia and fibula, an astragalus, a calcanaeum, three tarsals, four metatarsals and pedal phalanges. It was in 1991 found at Vale de Frades by Carlos Anunciação of the Museu da Lourinhã, in layers of the Bombarral Unit dating to the Tithonian.
Histology shows that the holotype specimen was between 27 and 31 years old.
A left femur (ML 434), found near Praia do Caniçal, has been referred to this taxon.
Draconyx was a small bipedal herbivore. Gregory S. Paul in 2010 estimated the length at 3.5 metres, the weight at 150 kilograms.
Systematics
According to Mateus and Antunes (2001), Draconyx loureiroi is a member of the Iguanodontia, more specifically the Camptosauridae, based on the maxillary teeth, which have a strong vertical primary ridge on the distal side of the labial crown, and the femur, which is curved and has a prominent lesser trochanter.
Notes
External links
Mateus, O. & Antunes, M.T. (2001). "Draconyx loureiroi, a new Camptosauridae (Dinosauria: Ornithopoda) from the Late Jurassic of Lourinhã, Portugal". Annales de Paleontologie, 87(1): 61-73
Iguanodonts
Tithonian life
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Europe
Jurassic Portugal
Fossils of Portugal
Lourinhã Formation
Fossil taxa described in 2001
Taxa named by Octávio Mateus
Taxa named by Miguel Telles Antunes
Ornithischian genera
Tim Conley (born January 10, 1978), better known by his stage name Mast (stylized as MAST), is a jazz artist, composer, producer and electronic musician. He resides in Los Angeles and is currently signed with Alpha Pup Records, an independent label co-founded by Daddy Kev of High-end Theory.
Mast's most recent album is Love and War_ (intentionally stylized with the underscore) (released October 2016 on Alpha Pup Records), a conceptual LP structured as a three-act play.
Career
Conley has toured throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, and Japan as a solo artist and as part of the groups Fresh Cut Orchestra, Icy Demons, and more.
In 2004 Conley released his first album titled Ocean Exposition, a conceptual instrumental jazz-fusion album inspired by his childhood living on a boat. Conley explains to U.S. 1 (newspaper): "The `Ocean' represents life, evolution and motion. The unpredictability of the Ocean in Time and Space. The `Exposition' is the gathering and display of these parts into one big piece of music. Most of the compositions are connected in some way, either borrowing melodies, grooves, or progressions from one another or simply by connecting one song or improvisation into the next." "Ocean Exposition" features Conley (guitar), Jon Thompson (soprano and tenor saxophone), Jason Fraticelli (upright bass), and Joe Falcey (drums).
In 2014, Conley was awarded a Jazz Residency Grant from the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, the home of the Philadelphia Orchestra, to commission a new work along with three other composers. The four-movement piece titled "Life Mosaic: Reflections on Birth, Adolescence, Maturity and Death" was an electronic/classical/jazz hybrid. The work debuted in June 2014, and was performed by Fresh Cut Orchestra, an 11-piece jazz ensemble.
Mast was signed to Alpha Pup Records in 2013, and released his debut album Omni i 2014. Two conceptual EPs followed, “Omniverse; Verse 1” (2014) and “Omniverse; Verse 2" (2015), and his recent release is Love and War_ (2016).
Music
LA Weekly profiled Conley's influential experiences at High-end Theory and his album "Love and War_": “An ambitiously massive undertaking structured like a three-act play, the record's 17 songs are interlaced with recurring musical themes serving as characters in a sometimes painful, often vicious and always beautifully detailed story of finding love, losing love, letting go and rising above.
Los Angeles Times says that the album “captures the engaging blend of electronic music, jazz and hip-hop that's been thriving in the underground. An evocative three-part suite chronicling a doomed relationship and its aftermath, “Love and War” is a knotted mix of beats and improvisation...What once sounded like the future has arrived right on time.”.
“Love and War_” was also named at #4 on “The 20 Best Jazz Albums of 2016” by Observer, which described the album as “a three-act suite for programmed breaks and live instrumentation that further tightens the knot uniting abstract urban culture and jazz musicianship into a cohesive, organic tangle of possibilities.”NPR partner station KQED writes that Mast “ adds an ambitious and deeply engaging chapter to the annals of breakup albums with Love and War_.”
Mast is included in The Wall Street Journal's article on the jazz-funk revival: “MAST (a project by L.A.-based multi-instrumentalist Tim Conley) delivered stellar jazz-funk recordings this year...“Love and War” (Alpha Pup) from MAST adds another effective element to the mix, electronic dance music, and it offers an engaging panoply of sounds that are both of the moment and suggestive of a jazzier version of some early drum 'n' bass from the late '90s.”
Spin (magazine) notes that “The man's approach to electronic music not only incorporates a whole lot of organic sounds — it feels composed with an ear tuned to jagged jazz and dark pop, which makes him kin to folks like Flying Lotus, Thundercat, Daedelus, Ras G, and Nobody.”
Conley's music has also been featured on L.A. Record, Exclaim!, Resident Advisor, XLR8R, Tiny Mix Tapes, and Down Beat.
Mast's 2018 album Thelonious Sphere Monk, "a rockish instrumental survey" of jazz pianist Thelonious Monk, was ranked by music critic Robert Christgau as the second-best album of the 2010s.
Collaborations
Conley has performed and recorded with numerous well-known artists and musicians, including José James, Mark Guiliana, Taylor McFerrin, Tim Lefebvre, Jeremiah Jae, King Britt, Icy Demons, Juan Alderete, Anna Wise, and Kendrick Lamar.
Personal life
Conley was born in Trenton, New Jersey and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Instruments & Tech
Conley plays the guitar, bass, drums, and piano; he also uses Ableton Live and Reason software.
Discography
Battle Hymns of the Republic (2021)
Thelonius Sphere Monk (2018)
Love and War_ (2016)
Omniverse; Verse 2 - EP (2015)
Omniverse; Verse 1 - EP (2014)
Omni (2014)
John Coltrane - Meditations - EP (2012)
Ocean Exposition (2004)
Mind Behind Closed Eyes by Fresh Cut Orchestra (2016)
From the Vine by Fresh Cut Orchestra (2015)
Thelonious Sphere Monk (2018)
Battle Hymns of the Republic (2021)
References
External links
“Mast Music”
“Mast on SoundCloud”
“Mast on Twitter”
“Mast on Facebook”
“Mast on YouTube”
“Mast on Instagram”
American jazz composers
American male jazz composers
Living people
1978 births
Heung Yuen Wai Control Point () is a land border control point at the border at Heung Yuen Wai in North District, New Territories, Hong Kong. Its counterpart across the border is Liantang Port ( in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province. The control point opened for freight trucks on 26 August 2020.
History
According to the government, the border control point was needed to relieve the heavily used border control points (like Lo Wu Control Point) to the west. The control point was chosen to be built between Lo Wu Control Point and Sha Tau Kok Control Point.
Opening
Its opening was reported in at least one outlet in May 2019 as scheduled for September 2019. Other reports claimed it would open by the end of 2019.
The opening of the control point was further delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as Hong Kong shut down all border crossings with Shenzhen except the Shenzhen Bay Control Point to control the spread of the virus.
On Friday 21 August 2020, it was announced that the Control Point would be opened on Wednesday 26 August 2020, albeit for cross-boundary trucks only.
Closed Area
Like all other immigration control points located along the land border of Hong Kong, Heung Yuen Wai Control Point will lie within the Closed Area. Vehicles other than taxis will require a Closed Road Permit to enter.
Transport
A new dual-carriageway access highway, Heung Yuen Wai Highway, was built to link the control point from Fanling Highway, connecting with the Eastern Corridor roadway on the mainland side. The highway comprises viaducts and two tunnels (Cheung Shan Tunnel and Lung Shan Tunnel); the main viaduct was completed on 14 March 2018. The road was expected to open by the end of 2018, but its opening was delayed until 26 May 2019.
Liantang Control Point in Shenzhen became further accessible from October 2020 onwards via an extension of Shenzhen metro line 2.
References
External links
Proposal for BCP terminal by WAU
Closed Area
China–Hong Kong border crossings
North District, Hong Kong
Search retargeting is a form of retargeting employed by online marketers that target an audience based on the previous searches they conduct on other websites. Unlike site retargeting, search retargeting is designed to find new customers which have likely never been to a marketer's website before.
While search advertising is a method of placing online advertisements within the results of search engine queries, search retargeting attempts to extend the interaction with the same searchers when they move away from search query results pages to other online activities and websites. Search retargeting ads are typically displayed as display ads.
See also
Email retargeting
Link retargeting
Site retargeting
References
Behavioral retargeting
Digital marketing
George Iype Kovoor (born 1957) is an Anglican clergyman. He has been Rector of St Paul's Episcopal Church in Darien, Connecticut since 2016.
Kovoor is from Tiruvalla, India, and studied at Delhi University. He was ordained in the Church of North India and emigrated to the United Kingdom in 1990. He served as Mission Education Director for the Church Mission Society, president of Crowther Hall from 1995 to 2005, and Principal of Trinity College, Bristol from 2005 to 2013. He was also Canon of Worcester Cathedral and Honorary Chaplain to the Queen. In 2013, Kovoor moved to the United States and became a fellow of Berkeley College, Yale University.
In 2017, members of the vestry of St Paul's attempted to remove Kavoor as rector, and initiated a lawsuit against Bishop Ian Douglas, who supported Kavoor. In 2020, the two sides reached a settlement, and Kavoor remained the rector.
References
Seminary presidents
Living people
Staff of Trinity College, Bristol
Yale University fellows
Honorary Chaplains to the Queen
Delhi University alumni
Indian Anglican priests
1957 births
People from Thiruvalla
A chorale cantata is a church cantata based on a chorale—in this context a Lutheran chorale. It is principally from the German Baroque era. The organizing principle is the words and music of a Lutheran hymn. Usually a chorale cantata includes multiple movements or parts. Most chorale cantatas were written between approximately 1650 and 1750. By far the most famous are by Johann Sebastian Bach, especially the cantatas composed in his second annual cycle of cantatas, started in Leipzig in 1724.
Description
The chorale cantata developed out of the chorale concerto, an earlier form much used by Samuel Scheidt in the early 17th century, which incorporated elements of the Venetian School, such as the concertato style, into the liturgical music of the Protestant Reformation. Later the chorale cantata developed into three general forms:
a form in which each verse (strophe) of the chorale was developed as an independent movement;
a form in which the chorale appeared in some of the movements, perhaps only two, while the other parts of the cantata used other texts; and
the version pioneered by J. S. Bach, in which the first and last movements use the first and last strophes of the chorale, but the inner movements—perhaps aria and recitative—use paraphrases of the chorale text. Typically the beginning and ending movements use all the instrumental and vocal forces, while the interior movements are for smaller groups.
Most compositions in this genre were never published. It was common at the time for composers to write for local performances; often the composer and the music director at a church were the same person, and the music was written, copied and performed in short order, remaining in manuscript. Some 95% of all compositions of this type have been lost.
Composers
Composers of chorale cantatas include:
Baroque
Samuel Scheidt
Johann Andreas Herbst
Johann Erasmus Kindermann
Franz Tunder
Nicolaus Bruhns
Dieterich Buxtehude
Johann Krieger
Sebastian Knüpfer
Johann Schelle
Johann Pachelbel, e.g. his sacred concerto Christ lag in Todesbanden, P 60, with one movement for each of the "Christ lag in Todesbanden" hymn's seven stanzas.
Johann Rosenmüller
Johannes Crüger
Joachim Gerstenbüttel
Georg Bronner
Christoph Graupner
Johann Kuhnau
Georg Philipp Telemann
Johann Sebastian Bach
Post-Baroque
Felix Mendelssohn (Verleih uns Frieden)
Arnold Mendelssohn
References
Articles "Chorale cantata", "Chorale settings", in The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie. 20 vols. London, Macmillan Publishers Ltd., 1980.
Manfred Bukofzer, Music in the Baroque Era. New York, W.W. Norton & Co., 1947.
German music history
Baroque music
Classical church music
Dejon Allen (born May 5, 1994) is a professional gridiron football offensive tackle for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He played college football at Hawaii.
Professional career
Chicago Bears
Allen signed with the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent on May 1, 2018. He spent the season on the Bears practice squad before being released on May 3, 2019.
Green Bay Packers
Allen signed with the Green Bay Packers on August 29, 2019. He was released during roster cuts on September 1, 2019.
St. Louis Battlehawks
Allen was selected by the St. Louis BattleHawks in phase two of the 2020 XFL Draft.
New York Guardians
Allen was traded to the New York Guardians on January 17, 2020, for David Rivers and Brian Wallace.
Toronto Argonauts
Allen signed with the Toronto Argonauts on December 28, 2020.
References
External links
Toronto Argonauts profile
Hawaii Rainbow Warriors profile
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Compton, California
Players of American football from Los Angeles
American football offensive linemen
Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football players
Chicago Bears players
Green Bay Packers players
St. Louis BattleHawks players
New York Guardians players
Toronto Argonauts players
Players of Canadian football from Los Angeles
The coat of arms of Eswatini is a coat of arms depicting various symbols for traditional Eswatini culture. The lion represents the King of Eswatini and the elephant represents the Queen-mother. They support a traditional Nguni shield which represents "protection". Above the shield is the King's lidlabe, or crown of feathers, normally worn during Incwala (the festival of the harvest). On a banner below the shield is Eswatini's national motto, Siyinqaba, meaning, "We are the fortress".
References
Eswatini
National symbols of Eswatini
Eswatini
Eswatini
Eswatini
Eswatini
Kopeikin or Kopeykin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kopeikina or Kopeykina. It may refer to
Alexei Kopeikin (born 1983), Russian ice hockey forward
Boris Kopeikin (born 1946), Russian football player
Sergei Kopeikin (born 1956), American theoretical physicist
Russian-language surnames
Stanley James Gillen (August 10, 1911 – July 1978) was an Ohio born automobile executive who filled a series with high level appointments in the United States and subsequently in Europe with the Ford Motor Company.
Gillen joined the Ford Motor Company from General Motors in Michigan in 1947 and achieved rapid promotion through a series of administrative and executive appointments that included a period in Ford's defence products division, the tractor division, the steel division and the parts' division. Between 1962 and 1965 he was also Chairman of Autolite Motor Products Ltd, a Ford UK subsidiary and manufacturer of sparking plugs.
On 1 August 1965 he was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer at Ford of Britain in succession to J. Allen Barke. In 1967 he was appointed additionally a Vice-President of the Ford Motor Company: at this time he relinquished his job as managing Director at Ford of Britain, being succeeded by Leonard Crossland. Gillen moved to become Chairman and president of a new entity named Ford of Europe Inc, while retaining a Directorship at Ford of Britain. By this time the launch of the new Ford Escort, which would become the first post-war for to be manufactured and marketed simultaneously by Ford of Britain and Ford of Germany, was less than a year away. In 1971 Gillen retired from his senior positions at Ford.
Gillen married in 1935 to Mary Elizabeth Marks. The marriage produced three recorded daughters.
Sources and further reading
1911 births
1978 deaths
People in the automobile industry
Ford executives
20th-century American businesspeople
Albert II of Brunswick-Lüneburg (–1358), a member of the House of Welf, was Prince-Bishop of Halberstadt from 1325 until his death. His regnal numbers indicate that he was the second Bishop Albert of Halberstadt. His reign can be characterized as an almost unbroken series of conflicts with the Pope, his cathedral chapter, the city of Halberstadt and various neighbouring Lords and Princes.
Life
Albert was a younger son of Duke Albert II of Brunswick-Lüneburg (d. 1318) and his wife, Rixa of Werle (d. 1317). While his eldest brother Otto succeeded their father as Duke, Albert joined the clergy at an early age and in 1319, he was already canon in Halberstadt. Soon afterwards, he was appointed provost of the St. Alexander minster in Einbeck.
When Bishop Albert I of Halberstadt died on 14 September 1324, the cathedral chapter, on 6 October 1324, wrote a list of concessions his successor would have to agree to. The list included provisions on the jurisdiction of the archdeacon and episcopal officials, about real estate held by the cathedral provost and mortgaging the chapter's real estate. In the subsequent election, the largest number of votes was cast for Louis of Steindorf; Albert of Brunswick received only five votes. However, Archbishop Matthias of Mainz, who was the metropolitan bishop, opted for Albert II. Pope John XXII ignored the rights of the cathedral chapter and appointed Giseko of Holstein, who never came into actual possession of the bishopric, but continued to raise claims on it.
During the interregnum between the death of Albert I and the confirmation of Albert II, the cathedral chapter had a conflict with the Principality of Anhalt about the Aschersleben territory and, almost simultaneously, a feud broke out between the chapter and the Regenstein counts Albert II and Bernard, who were the patrons of the city of Quedlinburg. Bishop Albert II captured Gunteken Castle, close to Quedlinburg, around Easter 1325, and as a result, the Halberstadt chapter became the new patrons of Quedlinburg on 14 April 1326.
After Albert had fought a more prominent feud against the Margraviate of Meissen, the old conflict against the comital House of Regenstein broke out again. Albert accused the counts of various acts of violence and interference with his right and of converting churches into fortified buildings. The parties agreed to have the conflict arbitrated by Albert's brother, Duke Otto of Brunswick. However, after the duke gave his verdict, the counts disagreed, took up arms and damaged Quedlinburg Abbey and City. The struggle did not go well for the counts and they had to make several concessions to their opponents before Albert II was distracted by yet another conflict.
After some machinations by cathedral dean Jacob Snelhard, the cathedral chapter closed an alliance with the three collegiate convents in town to protect their freedoms and privileges against all interventions. This alliance was primarily directed against Bishop Albert II. Albert's brother, Duke Otto of Brunswick, mediated and on 17 July 1336, a compromise was reached. Peace, however, did not last very long. Snelhard incited the citizens of Halberstadt against their bishop and they complained to his metropolitan, the Archbishop of Mainz, who sent master Albert of Gotha to investigate the complaints. After the investigation, the delegation from Mainz ruled against Snelhard and relieved him of his post.
Although Albert II had excommunicated members of the collegiate chapter, they continued to exercise their clerical tasks. Albert II ordered that Halberstadt Cathedral and the Church of Our Lady be closed. A lower member of the clergy, who came to read Mass, was denied entrance. An insurgence broke out in the city. Delegates sent by the bishop were killed and Albert had to flee. The situation calmed down in 1338. Albert lifted the ex-communications and the written agreements between the citizens and the cathedral chapter were handed over and destroyed in the presence of a large number of prelates and knights. Albert returned and solemnly entered the city, accompanied by his Welf brothers and cousins as well as other spiritual and temporal leaders, and the citizens paid him homage again.
In 1340, the feud between the Halberstadt convent and the Princes of Anhalt broke out again. The parties chose the Magdeburg archbishop, Otto of Hesse, as an arbitrator. He acknowledged that the Ascanian princes were entitled to Aschersleben and Emperor Louis IV enfeoffed Prince Bernhard III of Anhalt-Bernburg with the principality. Nevertheless, the Halberstadt convent retained possession of the Aschersleben estates.
Another bloody feud arose after Giseko of Holstein died and the Pope appointed Count Albert of Mansfeld as the new Bishop of Halberstadt. In his struggle against Albert of Mansfeld, Albert II was supported by his brothers and by the cities of Brunswick, Halberstadt, Quedlinburg and Aschersleben.
In the 1350s, there were further struggles with the pope. Pope Innocent VI tried every means available to dislodge Albert from his see. After Albert of Mansfeld died, the pope excommunicated Albert II and appointed the Wettin scion Louis of Meissen as his successor. Albert II resigned so that Louis could actually succeed him. On 13 May 1358, Albert sealed his resignation deed.
He seems to have died later that year and was buried in Brunswick Cathedral.
References
, in the series , printed by Leibnitz, vol. II, p 148—152
Budäus, Bischof Alberti II. von Halberstadt Leben, Wandel etc., Janicke, Halberstadt, 1624
Karl Mehrmann: Bischof Albrecht II. von Halberstadt, Zeitschrift des Harzvereins für Geschichte und Alterthumskunde, vol. 26, 1893, p. 142-190, Online
14th-century German Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic Prince-Bishops of Halberstadt
Old House of Brunswick
1290s births
1358 deaths
An express warranty is created when a seller makes a guarantee to the buyer that the product/service being offered has certain qualities. Presenting an express warranty to a customer could potentially give rise to a product liability claim towards the company due to a marketing defect. For an express warranty to exist between a seller and a buyer, the following must occur.
First, a statement must be made. This statement could be made by making a promise with the buyer about the product/service being offered, giving the buyer a description of the product/service being offered, or by providing the buyer with a sample of the product/service being offered. Advertisements can also be used as a medium in which express warranties can be created. For there to be an express warranty the seller does not have to express that he/she is making a guarantee or warranty; as long as what is being said is a factual statement and as long as the buyer relied on the facts when deciding to make the purchase, then there exists an express warranty. However, there is no warranty if the seller is simply sharing his thoughts over the product/service that is being offered. Giving an opinion rather than a factual statement; a statement formed subjectively rather than objectively, is known as puffing. The act of puffery does not set the grounds for the creation of an express warranty.
Second, the buyer must have depended on this guarantee (in whichever form it was made) when deciding whether or not to purchase the product/service. If a buyer believes that the product or service purchased does not resemble that which was expressed in the guarantee then the buyer has the option to file for a breach of express warranty. A seller could try to prove that the statements that were made did not play a role in the buyer's decision-making process.
Requirements
Under the federal Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, passed by Congress in 1975, the seller must provide a written express warranty that the product will be as demonstrated by the company. Any product above US$15 is eligible for written express warranty.
There is no requirement on how the warranty should be expressed and can be written in many different ways.
Most of the express warranty are given by the manufacturer. Example:A buyer wants to purchase a machine from Company X that he/she needs in order to get a specific job done. A Company X representative hands the buyer a brochure with details on a specific machine; the brochure states how this particular machine is capable of getting the buyers desired job done. Additionally, the representative orally confirms that what is being stated in the brochure is true; these affirmations led the buyer to purchase the machine. However, after purchase, the buyer faced problems with the machine. The product failed to meet the promises made by both the company brochure and the company representative.
In the scenario pictured above, there is an express warranty given the fact that 1) the company representative guaranteed that the product had a certain ability and that 2) the buyer relied on this guarantee when making the decision to purchase. Therefore, the buyer could sue for breach of express warranty and could also file a product liability claim.
References
Product return
Abhimaan may refer to:
Abhimaan (1957 film), a Bollywood film of 1957
Abhimaan (1973 film), a Bollywood film starring Amitabh Bachchan
Abhimaan (1977 film), starring Sadhu Meher
Abhimaan (1986 film), starring Kajal Gupta
Abhimaan (2016 film), a Bengali romantic action drama
Abhimaan (TV series)
Salta (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 683 as of 2010.
Geography
Salta is located 20 km east of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Silta and Kudali are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
The following is a list of all team-to-team transactions that have occurred in the National Hockey League (NHL) during the 1944–45 NHL season. It lists which team each player has been traded to and for which player(s) or other consideration(s), if applicable.
Transactions
Notes
Trade completed on October 29, 1945.
Trade completed on January 4, 1945.
References
Transactions
1944 in ice hockey
1945 in ice hockey
National Hockey League transactions
Jax Brewing Company, originally Jacksonville Brewing Company, was a regional brewery in Jacksonville, Florida operating from 1913 to 1956. It was the second brewery to open in the state, after Florida Brewing Company in Tampa in 1896.
History
Jacksonville Brewing Company was established by William Ostner, a German immigrant to the United States who worked in the St. Louis, Missouri, brewing industry. After visiting Jacksonville, Florida, in 1909, he determined the city would be a good location for a new brewery. He founded the enterprise with assistance from his in-laws, the Schorr family of the Schorr-Kolkschneider Brewing Company, and his good friend Jacob Bongner. The partners broke ground on the brewery building on West 16th Street on June 9, 1913.
Jacksonville Brewing Company was a regional brewery distributing through Florida and the Southeastern U.S. It distributed its first beers in May 1914. Its flagship product, Jax Beer, was a German-style pilsner.
By 1917, the company had paid off its debts and was turning a profit. However, on May 14, 1918, Jacksonville voted to adopt prohibition, followed by nationwide prohibition in 1920. This made Jacksonville Brewing Company the last brewery to open in the U.S. before prohibition. The brewery pivoted to other products and services. The main operation became the Jax Ice and Cold Storage Company, which also produced ice cream, root beer, ginger ale, and near beer. The near beer operation featured an unusual brewing process in which beer was made normally and then boiled to remove alcohol, meaning that illegally strong beer existed at the plant for clandestine visits by locals. A significant percentage of the legal near beer was sold to speakeasys, which spiked it.
In 1933, in expectation of prohibition's repeal through the Twenty-first Amendment, Ostner, then the company's president following Bongner's death in 1924, prepared to resume brewing. He ordered equipment and began brewing months early, making Jacksonville Brewing Company the first brewery in Florida to be ready for business. They distributed their first beers just a week after the Amendment passed on December 5. In 1935, the company entered into a legal dispute over the Jax Beer trademark with the Jackson Brewing Company in New Orleans; this was resolved with a compromise giving Jacksonville Brewing exclusive rights to sell Jax Beer in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina. In 1940, Ostner officially changed the company's name to Jax Brewing Company. In 1941, Jax Brewing Company greatly expanded its production by bottling Old Union Beer for New Orleans-based Union Brewing, increasing sales by around 50%.
The brewery also credited with being the first to sell beer in a six pack in 1945 or 1946, as a result of market pressure from breweries using disposable cans. Breweries were modernizing after World War II, and the advent of canned beer created a huge cost advantage for breweries that could afford the canning equipment. In an effort to compete, the Ostners bought 100,000 durable sacks, branded them with "Jax Beer," and sold six beers to a sack.
Ultimately the pressure to modernize brought the two competing breweries together. In 1956, the Jacksonville Brewing Company sold to the Jackson Brewing Company of New Orleans and the Jax brewery in Jacksonville closed its doors. As of 2014, the old Jacksonville brewery building still stands in the Durkeeville neighborhood at 1429 W. 16th St. Jax was solely brewed by the Jackson Brewing Company from 1956 through 1974, until pressure from national breweries made it difficult for regional breweries to compete.
In popular culture
In the 1984 movie A Soldier's Story, the Army Negro baseball team celebrates a victory at the mess hall with Jax beer.
In the 1987 HBO movie, Long Gone, Virginia Madsen's character orders Jax beer at the hotel bar after a one-night stand with the main character, Cecil "Stud" Cantrel (William L. Petersen). The barmaid asks her how old she is and she says, "I'm old enough to know I like Jax for breakfast.".
In the third season of Marvelous Mrs Maisel, Jax beer appears prominently as the local brew while the show setting is in Miami, Florida.
Notes
References
Beer brands
Beer brewing companies based in Florida
Lists of medical abbreviations109
General Lambert may refer to:
Henri François Lambert (1760–1796), French Revolutionary Army brigadier general
John Lambert (British Army officer) (1772–1847), British Army general
John Lambert (general) (1619–1684), British Army major general
Karl Lambert (1815–1865), Imperial Russian Army General of Cavalry
Peter J. Lambert (fl. 1980s–2020s), U.S. Air Force major general
Thomas Stanton Lambert (1870/71–1921), British Army major general (temporary rank)
Wayne W. Lambert (born 1936), U.S. Air Force brigadier general
Madalsa Sharma Chakraborty (born 26 September 1991) is an Indian film and television actress best known for portraying Kavya Shah in Star Plus's Anupamaa.
Personal life
Madalsa Sharma was born to actress Sheela Sharma and film producer and director Subhash Sharma on 26 September 1991. After completing her schooling from Marble Arch school, she studied English literature at the Mithabai collage, mumbai.
She became interested in acting as a career at an early age. She attended the Kishore Namit Kapoor Acting Institute and took acting lessons and learned dancing under Ganesh Acharya and Shiamak Davar.
She married Mahaakshay Chakraborty, son of Mithun Chakraborty in 2018.
Career
Chakraborty made her acting debut in the 2009 Telugu film Fitting Master by E.V.V. Satyanarayana. The film was a success and Madalsa's performance was appreciated. The next year she made her debut in the Kannada film industry with Shourya, which gave a great boost to Madalsa's career. Also in 2010 she was seen in another Telugu film, Aalasyam Amrutam, under the banner of Suresh Productions. D. Rama Naidu chose Madalsa as the leading lady for the film, not only did the film fare well, but this took Madalsa's career to another level. She received positive comments for her performance in the film.
Her maiden Bollywood film Angel, by choreographer Ganesh Acharya released in February 2011. The film received great comments and Madalsa's performance was the talk of the town. Soon after was another Telugu release, Mem Vayasuku Vacham and her role was well received. The Times of India wrote that she "plays the eye candy very well"
Later in 2014, her second Hindi film, Sooraj Barjatya Rajshri Productions' Samrat & Co. released. The film received very good reviews overall. Samrat & Co. was a great relaunch for Madalsa in Bollywood. This was followed by Chitram Cheppina Katha, Telugu actor Uday Kiran's last film. In April 2014, she had stated that she has been working on three Telugu projects.
In 2020 she made her television debut by portraying Kavya Shah in Star Plus's Anupamaa.
In December 2021, Chakraborty made her digital debut through music video titled Butterfly opposite Namit Khanna, sung by Dev Negi and Swati Sharma.
In May 2022, Chakraborty reprised her role of Kavya Gandhi in Anupamaa's prequel web-series Anupama: Namaste America's last episode.
Filmography
Films
Television
Web series
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses from Mumbai
Female models from Mumbai
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Punjabi cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Ebrahimabad (, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād; also known as Ebrāhīmābād-e Hāshemī) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 19 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Wale Fanu (21 April 1950 – 12 June 2022), popularly known as Uncle Wales, was a veteran TV and Film producer and one of the few septuagenarians with sickle cell anaemia.
Early Life and Career
Wale Fanu was born into Fanu family in Lagos State Nigeria and he attended St. Paul's College Zaria. He was the third child of the family, and the only one with sickle cell anaemia. The ailment was diagnosed at age of thirteen and apart from being medically sentenced to a life not more than twenty one years, he also faced different challenges and some of them are ; unable to do some activities meant for young people like playing football, hockey, cricket etc. He forwent his admission to be a pilot and also withdrew out of Technical College (now The Polytechnic), Ibadan as an Electrical Engineering student because of the adversities of the ailment. Eventually, he picked up a job at film laboratory in Ikoyi and eventually become a veteran film producer and the CEO of CINECRAFT.
References
2022 deaths
Nigerian film producers
Nigerian television producers
1952 births
Nigerian chief executives
The Monroe Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Monroe, Georgia which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included 33 contributing buildings.
Location: Spring and Broad Sts.
It includes work by architects Bruce & Morgan.
Architecture: Classical Revival, Late Victorian
It includes the Walton Hotel.
It includes the courthouse square of the Walton County Courthouse and surrounding commercial buildings.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Walton County, Georgia
Victorian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Neoclassical architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1820
Robert Downie is a British lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1978 FISA Lightweight Championships in Copenhagen with the lightweight men's eight.
References
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing
The 1992 British National Track Championships were a series of track cycling competitions held from 15–23 August 1992 at the Leicester Velodrome.
Medal summary
Men's Events
Women's Events
References
National Track Championships
British National Track Championships
Somova is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Mineri (formerly Câșle), Parcheș and Somova.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Slavic origin in Romania
House at 176 Prospect Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1886 and is a -story, clapboard residence with a cross-gable, slate-covered roof in the Queen Anne style. It features a 3-story square tower with a hipped roof and board and batten cornice.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Queen Anne architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1886
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Ruslan Faritovich Zainullin (; born 14 February 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Kuban Krasnodar of the Russian second tier Higher Hockey League (VHL). His National Hockey League rights belong to the Calgary Flames.
Playing career
Zainullin was drafted 34th overall by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft after playing his first professional season in the Russian Super League with Ak Bars Kazan. Despite being drafted in the NHL, Zainullin has never played in the league, opting to remain in Russia.
Playing with HC MVD in 2007–08, he recorded his most prolific season with 23 points in 50 games.
Career statistics
International
Transactions
5 March 2001 - Traded to Phoenix Coyotes by Tampa Bay with Mike Johnson, Paul Mara and New York Islanders' 2nd-round choice (previously acquired, Phoenix selected Matthew Spiller) in 2001 NHL Entry Draft for Nikolai Khabibulin and Stan Neckar.
19 March 2002 - Rights traded to Atlanta Thrashers by Phoenix with Kirill Safronov and Phoenix's 4th-round choice (Patrick Dwyer) in 2002 NHL Entry Draft for Darcy Hordichuk and Atlanta's 4th (Lance Monych) and 5th (John Zeiler) round choices in 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
15 November 2002 - Traded to Calgary Flames by Atlanta for Marc Savard.
External links
1982 births
Living people
Ak Bars Kazan players
HC CSKA Moscow players
HC Dynamo Moscow players
HC MVD players
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
HC Spartak Moscow players
Tatar people of Russia
Tatar sportspeople
Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod players
Russian ice hockey right wingers
Tampa Bay Lightning draft picks
Your Money or Your Life (French: La bourse et la vie) is a 1966 comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky and starring Fernandel, Heinz Rühmann and Jean Poiret. It was made as a co-production between France, Italy and West Germany. It is a loose remake of the 1931 German film The Virtuous Sinner in which Rühmann had also appeared.
It was shot at the Billancourt Studios in Paris and the Bavaria Studios in Munich. Location shooting also took place across France including Toulouse.
Partial cast
Fernandel as Charles Migue
Heinz Rühmann as Henry Schmidt
Jean Poiret as Lucien Pélépan
Marilù Tolo as Violette
Jean Carmet as Le curé
André Gabriello as Pierre Robinhoude
Jacques Legras as Tapu
Claude Piéplu as Un surveillant de l'agence de Paris
Darry Cowl as Marquy
Michel Galabru as Maître Laprise
Simone Duhart as Madame le P.-d.g.
Andrex as Le chef de convoi
Krista Nell as Geneviève
Roger Legris as Dumoulin, le pharmacien
Colette Teissèdre as Ursula
Henri Poirier as Un parieur
Claude Mansard as Un parieur
Marcel Pérès as Le gardien de l'agence de Toulouse
Raymond Jourdan as Un parieur
Maryse Martin as La femme à la valise
Michael Lonsdale as Le conférencier au club des timides
Pierre Gualdi as Jean Ronbinhoude
Rudy Lenoir as Un surveillant de l'agence de Paris
Jean-Claude Rémoleux as Paul Robinhoude / Un chauffeur de camion
Léonce Corne as Un employé de la SNCF
Françoise Arnaud as Une timide
Gilbert Robin as Un voyageur
Dominique Zardi as Un convoyeur
Henri Attal as Le voyageur au chat
References
Bibliography
James Monaco. The Encyclopedia of Film. Perigee Books, 1991.
External links
1966 films
1960s crime comedy films
German crime comedy films
West German films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky
Italian crime comedy films
French crime comedy films
Bavaria Film films
Films shot at Billancourt Studios
1966 comedy films
1960s French films
1960s Italian films
1960s German films
Carenum convexum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Maximilien Chaudoir in 1868.
References
concinnum
Beetles described in 1868
Mary Lillian Duke Biddle (November 16, 1887 – June 14, 1960) was an American philanthropist.
Early life
She was born as Mary Lillian Duke on November 16, 1887, to Benjamin Newton Duke in Durham, North Carolina. She attended Durham's Trinity College, the institutional predecessor of Duke University, which was named in honor of her family. She graduated in 1907 with a degree in English.
She was a great enthusiast for the arts and traveled frequently with her family to New York City for the theater and opera, later becoming an accomplished singer and musician. In 1912 she was engaged to Prince Ludovic Pignatelli d'Aragon, an Italian nobleman, who tried to kill himself after the marriage was cancelled.
Around 1918, she was given her father's brick-and-limestone Beaux-Arts townhouse on Fifth Avenue at 82nd Street. It was built in 1901 and is now known as the Benjamin N. Duke House. It is one of only nine surviving mansions on Fifth Avenue.
Marriage and later life
Her marriage to Anthony Joseph Drexel Biddle Jr. in 1915 ended in divorce in 1931. Their children were Mary Duke Biddle Trent Semans and Nicholas Benjamin Duke Biddle.
She and her husband owned an estate, "Linden Court", in Tarrytown, New York, bought from the William R. Harris family in 1921. It still stands today as the Tarrytown House Estate and Conference Center.
She established the Mary Duke Biddle Foundation in 1956. Since then, the foundation has donated more than $28 million in grants to non-profit organizations.
The Foundation commissioned American composer Norman Dello Joio to write a piece for the Duke University Band and its conductor Paul Bryan titled Variants on a Medieval Tune based on the melody In dulci jubilo. It was first performed on April 10, 1963.
The Mary Duke Biddle Estate at Durham, North Carolina, was her home from 1935 until her death in 1960. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
Notes
External links
The Mary Duke Biddle Foundation
Forbes.com "Manhattan's Most Expensive Townhouse "
American philanthropists
Duke University Trinity College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Duke family
Mary Duke
1887 births
1960 deaths
People from Durham, North Carolina
American people of English descent
Itojo Hospital, is a hospital in Itojo, Ntungamo District, in Western Uganda.
Location
Itojo Hospital is located in Itojo Trading Centre, along the Mbarara–Ntungamo–Kabale–Katuna Road, approximately , southwest of Mbarara, the largest city in the sub-region. This location lies approximately , by road, northeast of Ntungamo, the largest town in the district, and the location of the district headquarters. The geographical coordinates of Itojo Hospital are:
0°47'16.0"S, 30°16'38.0"E (Latitude:-0.787778; Longitude:30.277222).
Overview
Itojo hospital is a rural hospital built in the 1968 by the administration of Prime Minister Milton Obote. It serves Ntungamo District together with some parts of neighboring Northern Tanzania and Northeastern Rwanda. It has a bed capacity of 120, although sometimes many more patients are admitted, with many sleeping on the floor.
Over the years the hospital infrastructure has deteriorated. In 2006, the then area Member of Parliament, who is also the First Lady of Uganda, Janet Museveni, started to solicit funding from both internal and external sources, to rehabilitate the hospital.
In 2007, the Egyptian Government, through the Egyptian Fund for Technical Cooperation with Africa, donated US$280,000 to rehabilitate the hospital, including the construction of three new staff houses. Egypt also pledged to send three specialists; a surgeon, an obstetrician/gynecologist and a pediatrician, to work at the hospital as part of the assistance package.
The construction work was contracted out to Excel Construction Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Madhvani Group. In June 2011, Egypt donated pharmaceuticals, an electricity generator and other hospital supplies to assist in the rehabilitation of the hospital.
See also
Hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Ntungamo District Information Portal
Location of Itojo Hospital At Google Maps
Egyptian Government Rehabilitates Itojo Hospital
Hospital buildings completed in 1968
Hospitals in Uganda
Ntungamo District
Ankole sub-region
Western Region, Uganda
1968 establishments in Uganda
Newcomb Art Museum of Tulane University is an art museum located in the Woldenberg Art Center on the campus of Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. It has been historically known for its significant collection of Newcomb Pottery and other crafts produced at Newcomb College, as well as administering the art collections of the university. Since 2014, the institution has increasingly focused on exhibitions and programs that explore socially engaged art, civic dialogue, and community transformation.
History
In 1886, H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College was founded by Josephine Louise Newcomb in memory of her daughter Sophie. The first national coordinate college for women, Newcomb followed industrial trends offering intensive design training for decorative arts production.
The endowment was established by Mrs. Newcomb to provide, perpetuate, and protect the women's college indefinitely. In the 1970s, Tulane sought to use this endowment for the purpose of the entire university during a time of economic hardship. Later, in the 1980s an effort was initiated to close the college and incorporate it into Tulane University. At the time of the Newcomb Centennial Celebration in 1986, concerned graduates of Newcomb College met as an ad hoc committee to re-establish the intended purpose of the original endowment and to reaffirm the integrity of Newcomb College. The Tulane board of trustees ultimately affirmed the status of H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College and established a Board to administer the Newcomb Endowment.
During this period, Mignon Faget, a New Orleans jewelry artist and a member of the committee, suggested establishing an art museum to maintain the legacy of Newcomb's art program and to ensure the permanence of Newcomb College. In the early 1990s, a grant funded by Joyce Frank Menschel, another Newcomb alumna, ultimately led to the establishment of such an institution.
In 1996, the Newcomb Art Gallery became a reality when the Newcomb Art Department completed an expansion and renovation that included the addition of a exhibition space dedicated to presenting contemporary and historic exhibits to the Tulane and New Orleans communities. The gallery became its own department within the School of Liberal Arts.
Although the gallery's administrative offices were flooded with four feet of water by Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the art holdings were relatively undamaged. After Katrina, Tulane closed Newcomb College and diverted the school's endowment to other uses. In 2010, the gallery received a Community Arts Award from the Arts Council of New Orleans.
In 2012, Tulane University implemented a new reporting structure for the gallery, moving it out of the School of Liberal Arts and putting it under the Office of the Provost. With the hiring of director Mónica Ramírez-Montagut, who began her tenure in July 2014 and left July 2020, the institution began an intensive year-long transformation.
In July 2015, the Newcomb Art Gallery officially became the Newcomb Art Museum of Tulane University. The change was made to distinguish the art space from a commercial gallery and to indicate its status as a collections-holding institution.
Maurita N. Poole was hired as director August 2021.
Exhibitions
The museum holds on average four exhibitions annually. Shows encourage the creative exchange of ideas and cross-disciplinary collaborations around innovative art and design. The Museum has presented exhibitions featuring the work of such recognized artists as Mickalene Thomas, Pat Steir, KAWS, Joan Mitchell, Marsden Hartley, Chakaia Booker, Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian, Diane Arbus, Nick Cave, David Smith, and Ellsworth Kelly, as well as artists with a Newcomb connection like Mark Rothko, Ida Kohlmeyer, and current faculty member Gene Koss. Honoring the legacy of the artistic traditions of Newcomb College, the Museum regularly presents work by women artists. In 2003 the Newcomb Art Museum (then Gallery) commissioned a new work by artist Carrie Mae Weems that became known as her "Louisiana Project".
The exhibitions include educational programs such as lectures, symposia, film series, artist-led family programs, public tours, performances, studio demonstrations, and partnerships with other organizations.
Collections
Newcomb Arts and Crafts
The museum holds the world's largest collection of Newcomb arts and crafts produced at Newcomb College from 1895 until 1940. The collection includes outstanding groups of Newcomb pottery as well as other objects associated with the Arts & Crafts Movement including embroidery, bound books, and metalwork. The museum's collection includes important pieces made by Sadie Irvine, Harriet Coulter Joor, and Marie de Hoa LeBlanc.
Tiffany Glass
The uptown campus of Tulane University is home to several one-of-a-kind stained-glass windows designed by Louis Comfort Tiffany. Newcomb College founder Josephine Louise Newcomb and her confidant Frank Walter Callender commissioned the majority of these works between 1894 and 1896 for a chapel at Newcomb's Washington Avenue campus in New Orleans' Garden District. In the decades following Newcomb's 1918 relocation to the Tulane Broadway campus, the two stained-glass triptychs were installed in the Woodward Way breezeway fronting the museum's interior façade. The school's other Tiffany windows are located in the Myra Clare Rogers Memorial Chapel and in Tilton Memorial Hall.
Other Holdings
The museum administers a collection of drawings, watercolors, paintings, sculpture, and prints by Newcomb College-affiliated artists such as Angela Gregory, Ida Kohlmeyer, Lynda Benglis, and Caroline Durieux. In addition, the university's teaching collection includes examples of Louisiana portraiture, neo-classical sculpture, as well as modern and contemporary prints and photography. Notable holdings are works by Hippolyte Sebron, John James Audubon, Randolph Rogers, Carrie Mae Weems, Andy Warhol, and Garry Winogrand.
See also
Newcomb Pottery
H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College
Tiffany glass
List of museums in New Orleans
References
External links
Newcomb Art Museum
University museums in Louisiana
Art museums and galleries in Louisiana
Tulane University
Museums in New Orleans
Ceramics museums in the United States
Yuta Murakoshi is a Japanese kickboxer, fighting out of Tokyo, Japan. He is the former K-1 Featherweight and RISE Bantamweight champion.
As of November 2021, he is the #5 ranked bantamweight in the world according to Combat Press. He was ranked in the strawweight top ten by Combat Press between May 2019 and February 2020, and in the bantamweight top ten between July 2018 and November 2018.
Kickboxing career
RISE
Murakoshi made his professional debut in April 2011, against Singdam M16muaythaistyle as part of the 2011 Rising Rookies Cup. He lost the fight by KO in the third round.
After this loss, Murakoshi went on a five fight winning streak, scoring KO wins over Yunbo, Yuji and Hironori Okama, as well as decision wins over Hirofumi Kamata and Daihachi Furuoka.
His winning streak was snapped by an extra round split decision loss to Seiya Rokugawa during RISE 91.
After this loss, Murakoshi once again went on a five fight winning streak. He scored decision wins over Hikaru Fujihashi and Tomoya Aoki, and KO wins over Tomo Arimatsu, Kazuki Tanaka and Shuto Miyazaki.
Murakoshi's five fight winning streak earned him a chance to challenge Hiroki Maeda for the RISE Bantamweight title. Murakoshi won the fight by unanimous decision.
After winning the RISE Bantamweight title, Murakoshi fought three non-title bouts. During RISE 101, he defeated Takashi Oono by unanimous decision. During RISE 102, he defeated Nakalek Kaew.Kanraya by a second round KO. During RISE 104, he defeated So Jeon Hu by a second round KO.
Murakoshi was scheduled to defend his RISE Bantamweight title for the first time against the sixteen year old Tenshin Nasukawa. Nasukawa won the fight by TKO, midway through the second round.
BLADE FC
Yuta Murakoshi took part in the 2015 BLADE FC 55 kg tournament. In the quarterfinals, Murakoshi faced Yu Wor.Wanchai, and won the bout by unanimous decision. In the semifinals he fought Taiki Naito, but would in turn lose a unanimous decision.
Return to RISE
Returning to RISE, Murakoshi went on a three fight winning streak. He won a split decision against Itto, and scored (T)KO wins over Tomo Arimatsu and Eisaku Ogasawara.
Murakoshi fought a rematch with Tenshin Nasukawa for the RISE Bantamweight title in September 2016. Nasukawa won the fight by majority decision.
After his failed title bid, Murakoshi won his next four fights. He first won a unanimous decision against Norihisa Isencho during J-NETWORK 20th Anniversary～2nd. He then won a majority decision against Masahide Kudo during RISE 118. Afterwards, Murakoshi fought Shunta during Big Bang's ISEHARA event, and won the fight by unanimous decision. The last win of this four fight winning streak came against Ryusei Ashizawa, whome he defeated by majority decision.
K-1
Murakoshi fought Haruma Saikyo for the Krush Featherweight title, during Krush 86. Saikyo successfully defended his title by an extra round decision.
Yuta Murakoshi participated in the 2018 K-1 Featherweight World Grand Prix. He defeated Elias Mahmoudi by an extra round split decision in the quarterfinals. He again went into an extra round against Jorge Varela in the semifinals, after which Murakoshi won a unanimous decision. In the tournament finals, he fought a rematch with Haruma Saikyo, whom he defeated by TKO, after Saikyo suffered an ankle injury in the first round.
After winning the K-1 Featherweight title, Murakoshi lost a decision to Alex Rivas, in November 2018.
He was scheduled to defend his K-1 Featherweight title against Hirotaka Urabe at K'Festa 2. Murakoshi won the fight by unanimous decision.
In his next two fights, Murakoshi won a unanimous decision against Huo Xiaolong, and lost a majority decision to Takeru Segawa. In December 2020, he won a unanimous decision against Naoki Yamamoto. Murakoshi fought Ryusei Ashizawa at the K-1: K'Festa 4 Day 1 event, and won the fight by unanimous decision.
Murakoshi faced Narufumi Nishimoto at K-1 World GP 2021: Yokohamatsuri on September 20, 2021. He won the fight by unanimous decision.
Murakoshi was scheduled to face Hirotaka Asahisa at K-1: K'Festa 5 on April 3, 2022. He lost the fight by knockout in the first round.
Titles and accomplishments
Kickboxing
RISE
2012 RISE Rookies Cup Bantamweight Winner
2014 RISE Bantamweight Champion
K-1
2018 K-1 World GP -57.5kg Champion (One defense)
Karate
2006 Byakuren Kaikan All Japan Jr Championship U-12 runner-up
Fight record
|- style="background:#fbb"
| 2022-04-03 || Loss||align=left| Hirotaka Asahisa || K-1: K'Festa 5 || Tokyo, Japan ||KO (Jumping knee) || 1 ||1:42
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2021-09-20 || Win ||align=left| Narufumi Nishimoto || K-1 World GP 2021: Yokohamatsuri || Yokohama, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2021-03-21|| Win || align=left| Ryusei Ashizawa || K-1: K'Festa 4 Day 1 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-12-13|| Win || align=left| Naoki Yamamoto || K-1 World GP 2020 Winter's Crucial Bout|| Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2020-03-22|| Loss ||align=left| Leona Pettas || K-1: K'Festa 3 || Saitama, Japan || TKO (Punches)|| 3|| 2:33
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2019-11-24 || Loss|| align=left| Takeru|| K-1 World GP 2019 Yokohamatsuri || Yokohama, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-06-30|| Win ||align=left| Huo Xiaolong || K-1 World GP 2019: Super Bantamweight World Tournament || Saitama, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-03-10|| Win ||align=left| Hirotaka Urabe ||K-1 World GP 2019: K'FESTA 2 || Saitama, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2018-11-03|| Loss ||align=left| Alex Rivas || K-1 World GP 2018: 3rd Super Lightweight Championship Tournament || Saitama, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-06-17|| Win ||align=left| Haruma Saikyo || K-1 World GP 2018: 2nd Featherweight Championship Tournament, Final || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (ankle injury) || 1 || 0:51
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-06-17|| Win ||align=left| Jorge Varela || K-1 World GP 2018: 2nd Featherweight Championship Tournament, Semi Final || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-06-17|| Win ||align=left| Elias Mahmoudi ||K-1 World GP 2018: 2nd Featherweight Championship Tournament, Quarter Final || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Split) || 4 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2018-03-10|| Loss ||align=left| Haruma Saikyo || Krush.86 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Split) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-12-27|| Win ||align=left| Ryusei Ashizawa || K-1 World GP 2017 Japan Survival Wars 2017 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-10-08|| Win ||align=left| Shunta || Big Bang ISEHARA || Kanagawa, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-07-17|| Win ||align=left| Masahide Kudo || RISE118 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-02-25|| Win ||align=left| Norihisa Isencho || J-KICK 2017～J-NETWORK 20th Anniversary～2nd || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2016-09-25|| Loss ||align=left| Tenshin Nasukawa || RISE 113 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2016-07-30|| Win ||align=left| Eisaku Ogasawara || RISE 112 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Corner Stoppage)|| 3 || 1:53
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2016-03-26|| Win ||align=left| Tomo Arimatsu || RISE 110 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Liver Kick) || 3 || 1:37
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2015-11-08|| Win ||align=left| Itto || RISE 108 || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Split) || 4 || 3:00
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2015-08-01|| Loss ||align=left| Taiki Naito || BLADE Fighting Championship 2 - JAPAN CUP -55kg, Semi Finals || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2015-08-01|| Win ||align=left| Yu Wor.Wanchai || BLADE Fighting Championship 2 - JAPAN CUP -55kg, Quarter Finals || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2015-09-31|| Loss ||align=left| Tenshin Nasukawa || RISE 105 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Punches)|| 2 || 1:31
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2015-03-21|| Win ||align=left| So Jeon Hu || RISE 104 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Left Knee to the Body)|| 2 || 1:46
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2014-11-06|| Win ||align=left| Nakalek Kaew.Kanraya || RISE 102 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Left Hook) || 2 || 0:32
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2014-09-28|| Win ||align=left| Takashi Oono || RISE 101 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2014-07-12|| Win ||align=left| Hiroki Maeda || RISE 100～BLADE 0～ || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2014-03-30|| Win ||align=left| Shuto Miyazaki || RISE 98 || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R KO (Right Knee)|| 4 || 0:23
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2013-11-04|| Win ||align=left| Kazuki Tanaka || RISE 96 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Front Kick)|| 2 || 1:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2013-09-13|| Win ||align=left| Tomo Arimatsu || RISE 95 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Knee)|| 2 || 1:10
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2013-07-20|| Win ||align=left| Tomoya Aoki || RISE 94 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2013-06-09|| Win ||align=left| Hikaru Fujihashi || RISE 93 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2013-01-06|| Loss ||align=left| Seiya Rokugawa || RISE 91/M-1MC ～INFINITY.II～ || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Split) || 4 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2012-10-25|| Win ||align=left| Daihachi Furuoka || RISE 90 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2012-06-17|| Win ||align=left| Hironori Okama || J-NETWORK J-KICK 2012～NEXT J-GENERATION～3rd || Tokyo, Japan || KO || 2|| 2:26
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2012-03-11|| Win ||align=left| Yuji || RISE ZERO || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Right Hook) || 2 || 0:35
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2011-12-18|| Win ||align=left| Hirofumi Kamata || RISE ZERO || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2011-09-23|| Win ||align=left| Yunbo || RISE 82 || Tokyo, Japan || KO || 1 || 2:08
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2011-04-24|| Loss ||align=left| Singdam M16muaythaistyle|| RISE 77 - Rising Rookies Cup || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Punches)|| 3 || 2:53
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2010-10-31|| Loss||align=left| Shogo Kondo|| KAMINARIMON All Japan Tournament, Quarter Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 1 ||2:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2010-08-25|| Loss||align=left| Nobuto Ikeda|| K-1 Koshien East Japan Selection Tournament, 1/8 Final || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision || 2 ||2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2010-08-25|| Win||align=left| Haruki Nihei || K-1 Koshien East Japan Selection Tournament, First Round || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision || 2 ||2:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2009-10-25|| Loss||align=left| Shogo Kondo|| KAMINARIMON Championship Selection Tournament, Semi Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 1 ||2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2009-10-25|| Win||align=left| Kouki Hosogai || KAMINARIMON Championship Tournament, Quarter Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 1 ||2:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2009-08-23|| Win||align=left| Tokio Yachuda || KAMINARIMON || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 2 ||1:30
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
See also
List of male kickboxers
List of K-1 champions
References
Living people
1994 births
Japanese male kickboxers
Flyweight kickboxers
People from Hiratsuka, Kanagawa
Sportspeople from Kanagawa Prefecture
"Fool's Gold" is a song by Australian singer songwriter, Jack River. It was released in June 2017 as the lead single from River's debut studio album, Sugar Mountain. It was certified platinum in Australia in 2020.
Jack River said "I was alone in New York, chasing shiny things. The verses were spinning around my head. I was annoyed at myself for falling for the same things over again without them giving back. But I also knew how human it was to feel like that, and how I'd probably come up against this feeling again and again. I wanted to write a song for that emotion – the relentless humanity in thinking something is gold when it just isn't."
Certifications
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Jack River (musician) songs
Songs written by Jack River (musician)
The Beehive Works are a purpose-built cutlery works located on Milton Street in the Devonshire Quarter area of Sheffield city centre. The works were built in stages in the second half of the 19th century and are designated as a Grade II* listed building with English Heritage stating that they are of special architectural and historic interest as an example of buildings associated with Sheffield's metal manufacturing and metal working trades. The works stand adjacent to the Taylor's Eye Witness Works and together they make Milton Street one of the best places to gain an impression of Sheffield's former cutlery industry.
History
It is thought that the first phase of building took place in the late 1850s or the early 1860s. The buildings were initially known as the Milton Works, with B. Mathewman and Sons being the first known occupants. The Works expanded quickly during the 1880s and 1890s with the addition of more grinding wheels and forges; the steam power plant was also enlarged to drive this extra machinery. By 1888 the Atkinson Brothers had taken over the works as manufacturers of steel, cutlery, files and electro plate products. The Atkinsons had considerable success as a company using the trademark "In Mind". They exhibited at the 1894 Antwerp World's fair, becoming a registered company on the stock exchange in 1897.
Atkinson Brothers were resident at the Beehive Works well into the 20th century. Later the works were taken over by the cutlery manufacturers Gregory Fenton Ltd, a company established in 1968 by the amalgamation of the Gregory Brothers and Joseph Fenton firms. Gregory Fenton Ltd are still resident at the Beehive Works although in a much reduced capacity, their name is still displayed extensively on the frontage of the building (see photograph). Today the works have been divided up into small offices, workshops and storage areas which are rented out. Among the businesses using the Beehive Works at present (in addition to Gregory Fenton Ltd) are: Exposed Magazine (an entertainment and listings guide for Sheffield), Hardy Transactions Ltd (corporate finance advisors), the Brunch Box (take away food outlet) and P. Hobson Ltd (metal finishing services).
Architecture
The works frontage stretching along Milton Street is eighteen bays long and three storeys high with some cellars beneath street level. The building is constructed from red brick with ashlars dressing and a slate roof. The windows are mostly 12-pane sash. There is a painted sign reading "Beehive brand / Gregory Fenton Ltd. / knives and tools" between the first and second floors. This continues round the corner onto Headford Street and read "Gregory Fenton Ltd. / Beehive Works". An arched doubled door cart entrance with the words "Beehive Works" above leads off Milton Street into the internal courtyards. The courtyards include four- and three-storey workshop ranges with large casement windows on the lower floors. Steps from the courtyard give separate access to the first/-floor workshops and indicates that they were intended for use by a number of little mesters.
References
Industrial buildings and structures in Sheffield
History of Sheffield
Grade II* listed buildings in Sheffield
Evelyn Anita Stoke-Hayford is the first Ghanaian to lead the World Food Programme Executive Board since it was established in 1996. During the 3rd Parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana, she was appointed by the late President John Atta Mills to serve as Ghana's ambassador to 5 countries namely, Italy, Turkey, Greece, Croatia and Slovenia. Stokes - Hayford has also served as Permanent Representative of Ghana to FAO and IFAD.
References
Ghanaian women ambassadors
Ghanaian diplomats
Living people
World Food Programme people
Ambassadors of Ghana to Turkey
Ambassadors of Ghana to Italy
Ambassadors of Ghana to Greece
Ambassadors of Ghana to Croatia
Ambassadors of Ghana to Slovenia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Juan Ramón Martinez (born 1941 in Olanchito) is a Honduran writer, columnist, analyst and former politician. He was a presidential candidate for the 2005 general elections, representing the Christian Democratic Party of Honduras. Currently he is a columnist in the newspaper La Tribuna.
He received the Ramón Rosa National Literature Award in 2016.
References
Christian Science Monitor article on Martinez
1941 births
Living people
People from Yoro Department
Christian Democratic Party of Honduras politicians
Honduran male writers
FRAS1-related extracellular matrix protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FREM2 gene.
This gene encodes a membrane protein that belongs to the FRAS1 family. This extracellular matrix protein is thought to be required for maintaining the integrity of the skin epithelium and the differentiated state of renal epithelia. The protein localizes to the basement membrane, forming a ternary complex that plays a role in epidermal-dermal interactions during morphogenetic processes. Mutations in this gene are associated with Fraser syndrome.
References
Further reading
The Czech First League, known as the Fortuna liga for sponsorship reasons, is a Czech professional league for football clubs. At the top of the Czech football league system, it is the country's primary football competition. Seasons typically run from August to May, most games are played on Saturdays and Sundays with few games played on Fridays. All Fortuna liga clubs qualify for the Czech Cup.
The history of the Czech football league began with its reorganization for the 1993–94 season following the dissolution of Czechoslovakia and therefore the league became the successor of the Czechoslovak League. Thirty-five clubs have competed in the Fortuna liga since its founding. Sparta Prague has won the title 12 times, the most among Czech clubs. Other clubs that were crowned as champions are Slavia Prague, Slovan Liberec, Baník Ostrava and Viktoria Plzeň, who are the reigning champions.
Based on performances in European competitions over the past five years, the league is ranked 17th in the UEFA league rankings for the 2021–22 season.
Competition format
In the inaugural season, two points were awarded for a win, before switching to three points for a win in 1994. Teams are ranked by total points, in the case of two or more teams finishing with equal points, the head-to-head record between the teams is used for ranking, counting points in relevant games, then goal difference and then goals scored.
1993–2018
There were 16 clubs in the league. During the course of a season, which lasted from August to May, each club played the others twice, once at their home stadium and once at that of their opponents, for a total of 30 games.
New format
The 2018–19 season was the first season played with the new competition format. After the regular season, which lasts from July to April and involves each team playing every other team home and away, the teams are divided into three groups. The top six teams enter the championship group, with the first-placed team being named champions. The teams play against each other only once, playing total of five additional matches. Points earned are added to the points from the regular season.
The teams 7th–10th position after 30 games take part in the Europa League play-offs. The best of them play against the fourth-placed or fifth-placed (it depends on the result of the Czech Cup and on the Czech coefficient rankings between European football leagues) of the championship group to determine who will participate in the Europa League.
The teams from 11th–16th position play in the same format as the championship group. The team finishing in 16th position is relegated directly to the Czech National Football League, while teams in 15th and 14th places play relegation play-offs against teams finishing 2nd and 3rd in the Czech National Football League.
Changes in 2020/21
Due to positive tests for Covid-19 in the 2019–20 season the relegation group was abandoned.
The league announced that due to time pressure the relegation group will remain unfinished and as a consequence, no team can be relegated and the winner of the second league should be promoted. To avoid playing the 2020–21 season with odd number of teams, the automatic promotion was granted to the second placed team as well. There were 18 clubs in the league, each club plays the others twice, once at their home stadium and once at that of their opponents, for a total of 34 games. The three lowest placed teams were relegated to the second tier (Czech National Football League). From the 2021–22 season, the system returns to its previous format.
Champions
Year by year
Performance by club
Participating teams in 2022–23
Map
2022–23 Season
The following 16 clubs are competing in the 2022–23 Czech First League.
Managers
.
Sponsorship
In 1997 the league started a sponsorship deal with Plzeňský Prazdroj, a. s. and became known as the Gambrinus liga (after the company's Gambrinus beer). In 2008, the sponsorship was extended until the end of the 2013–14 season.
In May 2014, the league announced a four-year sponsorship deal with betting firm Synot, becoming the Synot liga. However, in January 2016 the company announced that their deal would conclude at the end of the 2015–16 season.
In July 2016 a new two-year sponsorship deal was announced, with the league partnering ePojisteni.cz, an online insurance company. The league subsequently became known as the ePojisteni.cz liga. Due to a government subsidy scandal and the arrest of FAČR chairman , ePojisteni.cz terminated the contract prematurely in May 2017. The league was then renamed HET liga for the 2017–18 season, after paint manufacturer HET.
In October 2016 FAČR, League Football Association and Czech betting company Fortuna a.s. signed a 6-year partnership deal. In accordance with this deal, the Czech First League will be called Fortuna liga from the 2018–19 season.
Media coverage
All time table
.
The table counts all the seasons since the Czech First League was founded in 1993. Highlighted teams will be competing in the 2022–23 Czech First League.
Point deductions are not counted in this historical table (2004–05: 1. FC Slovácko −12, SFC Opava −6, Slovan Liberec −6; 2009–10: Bohemians Praha (Střížkov) −15; 2011–12: Sigma Olomouc −9).
A win was awarded with 2 points in the 1993–94 season.
Statistics
UEFA coefficients
The following data indicates Czech coefficient rankings between European football leagues.
UEFA Country ranking
.
14th (18) Swiss Super League (29.675)
15th (20) Super League Greece (28.200)
16th (17) Czech First League (27.800)
17th (22) Eliteserien (27.250)
18th (14) Danish Superliga (27.175)
UEFA Club ranking
.
32th Slavia Prague (52.000)
55th Viktoria Plzeň (31.000)
112th Sparta Prague (13.500)
120th Jablonec (12.000)
Attendance
Records
.
Following statistics count only seasons of Czech First League since its inception in 1993.
Clubs are in order of the first appearance.
Highlighted players currently plays in the Czech First League.
Most appearances
Most appearances (expatriate players)
Most appearances by country
Appearances by age
Most goals
Most goals (expatriate players)
Goal scorers by age
Fastest goals
Source:
Most clean sheets
Most yellow cards
Most red cards
Most games coached
References
External links
Official website of Czech First League (English version)
Official website of Czech football
fotbal.iDNES.cz
První fotbalová liga at eFotbal.cz
League321.com – Czech Republic football league tables, records & statistics database
Czech Republic – List of Champions at RSSSF
Czech Republic
1
Professional sports leagues in the Czech Republic
Khalet al-Maiyya خلة المية is a Palestinian village located nine kilometers south of Hebron and four kilometers west of Yatta. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,412 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 2.
Footnotes
External links
Kallet Al Maiyya Village (Fact Sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem, ARIJ
Kallet Al Maiyya Village Profile, ARIJ
Kallet Al Maiyya Village Area Photo, ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in Khallet al Maiyya village based on the community and local authorities' assessment, ARIJ
Villages in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
The 2010 AFC U-16 Championship was the 14th edition of the tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation. The top 4 teams qualified for the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup, hosted by Mexico.
Oman, Iran, Jordan and Australia expressed an interest in hosting the tournament, but it was once again awarded to Uzbekistan for the 2nd edition running. Qualification for the tournament started in 2009.
Venues
Qualification
Qualifiers
Squads
Draw
The draw for the AFC U-16 Championship 2010 was held on 20 May 2010 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Group stage
All times are Uzbekistan Time (UZT)–UTC+5.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Winners
Countries to participate in 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup
The four semi-finalists qualified for 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Goalscorers
Tournament team rankings
Broadcasters
Al Jazeera Sports Global, Abu Dhabi Sports, Dubai Sports . All channels are free-to-air at Hot Bird.
References
"AFC U-16 Championship schedule". The-AFC.com. Asian Football Confederation. 16 July 2010.
Under
2010 in Uzbekistani football
International association football competitions hosted by Uzbekistan
2010 in youth association football
AFC U-16 Championships
AFC U-16 Championships
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Obelya Glacier, Sentinel Range
Oberbauer Point, Anvers Island
Obidim Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Obitel Peninsula, Anvers Island
Oborishte Ridge, Greenwich Island
Obretenik Bastion, Danco Coast
Obzor Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Odesos Buttress, Nordenskjöld Coast
Odrin Bay, Nordenskjöld Coast
Oeagrus Beach Snow Island
Oescus Island, Robert Island
Ofelia Island, Joinville Island
Ogled Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Ognen Cove, Trinity Peninsula
Ogosta Point, Livingston Island
Ogoya Glacier, Trinity Peninsula
Ograzhden Cove, Livingston Island
Ogygia Island, Snow Island
Ohoden Col, Trinity Peninsula
Ojeda Beach, Livingston Island
Okol Rocks, Aitcho Islands
Okorsh Saddle, Oscar II Coast
Olusha Cove, Trinity Island
Omurtag Pass, Livingston Island
Ongal Peak, Livingston Island
Onogur Islands, Robert Island
Opaka Rocks, Robert Island
Opalchenie Peak, Vinson Massif
Opitsvet Lake, Livingston Island
Opizo Peak, Brabant Island
Orbel Peak, Graham Coast
Orcho Glacier, Clarence Island
Oread Lake, Livingston Island
Oreshak Peak, Sentinel Range
Organa Peak, Smith Island
Orizari Glacier, Sentinel Range
Orpheus Gate, Livingston Island
Orsoya Rocks, Robert Island
Oryahovo Heights, Livingston Island
Oselna Glacier, Alexander Island
Osenovlag Island, Robert Island
Oshane Glacier, Brabant Island
Osikovo Ridge, Graham Coast
Osmar Strait, South Shetland Islands
Osogovo Bay, Livingston Island
Ostrusha Nunatak, Sentinel Range
Ovech Glacier, Smith Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Kevin Nee (born August 21, 1985) is an American professional Strongman athlete, who in 2007, at age 21, was the youngest person ever to reach the finals in the World's Strongest Man.
Biography
Born in Framingham, Massachusetts, Née began his strength training at the age of 14. As a high school student at Hopedale High School in Hopedale, Massachusetts, he began competing in the teenage level Strongman competitions. He won the teenage heavyweight division of 2002 USA Teenage Strongman. Née has competed in five of the World's Strongest Man championships. In 2005, he competed in the tournament held in Chengdu, China; at the age of 20, he made history as the youngest competitor ever to compete in this annual sports event.
Née also competed in the 2006 World's Strongest Man championship in Sanya, China, but did not make it to the final round of competition. In 2007, at the World's Strongest Man championship held in Long Beach, California, Née finished in eighth place. He has also competed in the annual World's Strongest Man Super Series Competition at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Connecticut, where he finished fifth in 2006 and second in 2007.
While he was still competing as an amateur strongman, Née was featured in a 2005 episode of the MTV reality show True Life: I Want the Perfect Body 2. It was in the same episode that it was mentioned he was named the Strongest Teen in the United States. In 2007, Men's Fitness magazine named him among the world's “25 Fittest Men”.
The 6'2, 295-pound Née, who has a degree in supply chain management from Arizona State University, resides in the Boston, MA area.
Competition record
2005
7. - Super Series 2005: Mohegan Sun
9. - Pan-American Strongman 2005
2006
7. - FitExpo Strongman 2006
7. - Ironman Strongman 2006
5. - Super Series 2006: Mohegan Sun
4. - America's Strongest Man 2006
7. - World Strongman Cup Federation 2006: Grodzisk Mazowiecki
2007
5. - Polish Grand Prix
2. - All-American Strongman Challenge 2007
2. - Super Series 2007: Mohegan Sun
6. - Super Series 2007: Venice Beach
4. - World Strongman Cup Federation 2007: Dartford
8. - World's Strongest Man 2007, United States
2008
7. - Super Series 2008: New York
5. - Super Series 2008: Viking Power Challenge
2009
5. - All-American Strongman Challenge 2009
5. - Giants Live 2009: Stavanger
11. - Super Series 2009: Bucharest
4. - Giants Live 2009: Malbork
2010
10. - Strongman Champions League 2010 Ireland
2011
3. - Asian World Cup
References
1985 births
Living people
American strength athletes
Arizona State University alumni
People from Hopedale, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Worcester County, Massachusetts
Tommy Spinks (born 22 April 1994 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Hawks at the Flanker or Lock positions. Spink states his preferred position is openside flanker.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Spinks started playing mini rugby when he was 5 years old. By his fourth year of high school at North Berwick he played for the 1st XV. The rugby coach at Fettes College got Spinks a scholarship there.
In June 2014 it was announced that Spinks would join Glasgow Warriors as part of their Elite Development Programme. As part of his deal Spinks was able to play for Glasgow Hawks when not involved with the Warriors.
After a stint in Jersey he re-joined the Hawks in 2016.
Professional career
The back-row forward was to sign for London Scottish straight from Fettes College.
During the 2014–15 season he was loaned out to the Ospreys. and played twice in the LV Cup.
He played twice for Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12 league in their championship winning season; both appearances as substitute. On 28 February 2015 he made his debut for Glasgow Warriors away to Munster at Thormond Park. He also appeared in the 6 March 2015 home match at Scotsoun against Italian side Zebre. He was also part of the Warriors 7s squad that successfully defended the 2015 Melrose Sevens.
On 28 May 2015 it was announced that Tommy Spinks would sign for Jersey Rugby Club.
He left Jersey to re-join Glasgow Hawks in July 2016.
International career
Spink has played for the Scotland under 18s, under 20s and ClubXVs. He captained the under-20 national side at the Under-20 Rugby World Cup in 2014.
Coaching career
Spink has agreed to a player-coach deal at Glasgow Academicals for season 2019-20.
References
.
External links
Tommy Spinks joins Jersey
1994 births
Living people
People educated at Fettes College
Scottish rugby union coaches
Scottish rugby union players
Glasgow Warriors players
Scotland Club XV international rugby union players
London Scottish F.C. players
Ospreys (rugby union) players
Jersey Reds players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
4NT may refer to:
4NT (bridge), a bid in the game of bridge, especially contract bridge
4NT (shell), a command-line interpreter for Microsoft Windows
4NT internal variable
New Crusaders F.C. was an English association football club from Sidcup, Kent which folded in 1915. It was a founder member of the Southern Amateur Football League for the 1907/08 season and were Champions in the 5 of the 6 seasons they competed in it up to them joining the Isthmian League for the 1913/14 season. In the 1905/06 and 1906/07 seasons New Crusaders competed in the FA Cup and the FA Amateur Cup.
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Southern Amateur Football League
Isthmian League
Defunct football clubs in Kent
Association football clubs disestablished in 1915
An anti-vibration compound is a temperature-resistant mixture of a liquid with fine particles, which is used to reduce oscillations in calender rolls
and to dampen vibrations in fabricated structures like machine beds and housings.
Use
Vibration may limit the performance of a calender or paper machine. It can have numerous sources such as bulk variations in the sheet, bearing problems, or misalignment of the driveshaft. Vibration manifests itself as a high frequency periodic movement of the roll body with an amplitude from less than one to several µm.
When anti-vibration compound is introduced to the center bores of the rolls, vibration is transferred from the solid roll structure to the incompressible fluid component of the anti-vibration compound. Its solid particles are less mobile due to their inertia. Thus the fluid is forced to oscillate around the solid components. The flow energy is absorbed by micro eddies by which the vibration is damped.
The benefits are a smoother running with increased operating speed and production, longer operating times of the polymer covers between re-grindings and improved product quality due to the reduction of barring.
Classical mechanics
ASAC may refer to:
Administrative Sciences Association of Canada; see Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences
ASAC Concorde, a Mauritanean football club
Airborne Surveillance And Control, a version of the Westland Sea King helicopter
Assistant Special Agent in Charge
Austrian Society of Analytical Chemistry, the society behind the Fritz Feigl Prize
TTPost is the Trinidad and Tobago postal corporation, responsible for the postal services in Trinidad and Tobago.
The company was formed in 1999, with a New Zealand operation taking over the previous government-run service. TTPost provides postal services including registered mail, courier services, package tracking and express mail within the country and internationally. It is also a source of stamps and other postal supplies. The head/general post office is at Piarco Road, now called BWIA Boulevard, replacing the former head office on Wrightson Road, Port of Spain.
See also
Caribbean Postal Union
External links
Postal organizations
Postal system of Trinidad and Tobago
Government-owned companies of Trinidad and Tobago
Philately of Trinidad and Tobago
Neil William Ashcroft (27 November 1938 – 15 March 2021) was a British solid-state physicist.
Early life and education
Ashcroft was born in London on 27 November 1938, and migrated to New Zealand in 1947. He was educated at Hutt Valley High School, and completed his undergraduate studies at Victoria University College, earning a Bachelor of Science degree, in 1958. He received his PhD in 1964 from the University of Cambridge for research investigating the Fermi surfaces of metals.
Career
Following his PhD, Ashcroft completed postdoctoral research at the University of Chicago and at Cornell University, where he became a Professor in 1975. In 1990 he was named the Horace White Professor of Physics, and was elected to emeritus status in 2006.
He served as the director for the Laboratory of Atomic and Solid State Physics at Cornell University (1979–1984), the director for the Cornell Center for Materials Research (1997–2000), and as the deputy director for the High Energy Synchrotron Source (1990–1997).
Between 1986 and 1987, he served as the head of the Condensed Matter division of the American Physical Society. His textbook on solid-state physics, written with N. David Mermin, is a standard text in the field.
Ashcroft died in Ithaca, New York, on 15 March 2021.
Awards and honours
In 1997, Ashcroft was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Sciences.
In 2003, he was awarded the Bridgman Award for his contributions to high-pressure physics. Since that date, he was therefore an honorary member of the AIRAPT.
References
1938 births
British physicists
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Cornell University faculty
Cornell Laboratory of Atomic and Solid State Physics
2021 deaths
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Foreign Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Scientists from London
Fellows of the American Physical Society
University of Chicago staff
British expatriates in the United States
English emigrants to New Zealand
People educated at Hutt Valley High School
Hamilton United is a Canadian semi-professional soccer club based in Hamilton, Ontario that plays in the League1 Ontario men's and women's divisions.
History
The club was founded in 2013 by local clubs Saltfleet-Stoney Creek SC, Mount Hamilton Youth SC, and Ancaster SC to foster youth development.
The club's first team entered the League1 Ontario women's division in 2018. They played their inaugural match against West Ottawa SC on April 28.
In 2020, they added a team in the men's division, although their debut has been delayed indefinitely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As preparation for the top division, they fielded a team in the L1O men's Reserve division in 2019. After once again fielding only a team in the reserve division in 2021 due to the pandemic, Hamilton's men's team finally made their debut in the main division in 2022, on April 26, defeating Burlington SC 2-0.
Seasons
Men
Women
References
Soccer clubs in Ontario
League1 Ontario teams
Sport in Hamilton, Ontario
Soccer clubs in Hamilton, Ontario
The Bundaberg Spirit Football Club were an Australian soccer club located in Bundaberg, Queensland who competed in the Queensland State League. They participated in this competition since its inaugural season in 2008. Each season Bundaberg had finished in bottom place on the ladder and went through winless in the 2009 season. In 2012 the Bundaberg Spirit team was dissolved and removed from the Queensland State League due to poor finances and continued bad results. This served to strengthen the playing level and ability of the local soccer league in Bundaberg.
Last squad
2012 Queensland State League Squad
References
Association football clubs established in 2008
Queensland State League soccer teams
2008 establishments in Australia
Bundaberg
Association football clubs disestablished in 2012
2012 disestablishments in Australia
Meyer's friarbird (Philemon meyeri) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found throughout New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The common name commemorates Adolf Bernard Meyer (1840–1911), a German anthropologist and ornithologist who collected in the Dutch East Indies.
References
Meyer's friarbird
Birds of New Guinea
Meyer's friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Middlebrook is a historic house located at 4001 Middlebrook Pike in Knoxville, Tennessee. It was constructed circa 1845 by Gideon Morgan Hazen, and is one of the oldest existing frame residences in Knoxville.
The house is a typical large estate home. The property also includes a small Gothic Revival spring house. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
References
Further reading
Knoxville: Fifty Landmarks. (Knoxville: The Knoxville Heritage Committee of the Junior League of Knoxville, 1976), page 10.
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
2Pac Live is a live album by American rapper Tupac Shakur. It was released on August 10, 2004 by Koch Records and is Shakur's first-ever live album.
Track listing
Chart history
Album
References
Live albums published posthumously
2004 live albums
Tupac Shakur live albums
Death Row Records live albums
E1 Music live albums
Live gangsta rap albums
is a middle Jōmon period archaeological site in the town of Ichinohe, Iwate Prefecture, in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan. Discovered during the construction of an industrial park in 1989, the area was designated a National Historic Site in 1993 by the Japanese government.
Overview
The Goshono ruins consist of a large scale residential settlement from the middle Jōmon Period, approximately 2500 BC to 2000 BC. The site is located on a river terrace on the east bank of the Mabechi River, on raised ground at an altitude of approximately 190 meters, in an area forested with beech, zelkova and chestnut trees. There are the foundations of over 800 pit dwellings extending over 75,000 m² and the site has only partially been excavated.
The settlement contains two or three groups of pit-house dwellings, located to the east and west of a central ceremonial area containing a necropolis and ritual buildings. Nearby earthen mounds have yielded burned animal bones, seeds, pottery shards and stone tools.
The eastern settlement contains more than 250 pit-dwellings of various sizes and a number of graves. The central settlement has two stone circles, with diameters of 80 meters by 50 meters, surrounding grave pits, encircled by what appear to be post holes to create a colonnade and to support ritual buildings. The southern portion of this area is raised earthen work, within which a large amount of pottery, stone tools, and burnt bone and plant remnants. The number of structures is also estimated to be between 300 and 500. The area also contains at least 20 dome-shaped kofun burial tumuli, with diameters of 8-10 meters, most of which have the remnants of horseshoe-shaped moats. The western area is largely unexcavated, but appears to be a residential area with between 70-100 dwellings.
The site is now open to the public as an archaeological park which contains a museum and reconstructions of some pit-dwellings and other structures. The museum building, which was designed after the mud-roofed buildings of the site, has won various awards such as the 2003 Good Design Award, and has a glass floor, under which a burnt-down pit dwelling from 4000 years ago can be viewed.
The site is one of several submitted for inscription on the UNESCO World Heritage List as one of the Jōmon Archaeological Sites in Hokkaidō, Northern Tōhoku, and other regions.
The site is located about 20 minutes by car from JR East Ninohe Station.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Iwate)
References
External links
Iwate Prefecture Tourism site
Kuji city tourism site}
Ichinohe Town official home page
Archaeological sites in Japan
Tourist attractions in Iwate Prefecture
Jōmon period
Archaeological type sites
Archaeological parks
Ichinohe, Iwate
Historic Sites of Japan
History of Iwate Prefecture
Museums in Iwate Prefecture
Stone circles in Asia
Union Hospital may refer to:
Union Hospital (Gauteng), Alberton, Gauteng, South Africa
Union Hospital (Hong Kong), Tai Wai, Shatin, Hong Kong
Union Hospital (Indiana), Terre Haute, Indiana, United States
Union Hospital (Maryland), Elkton, Maryland, United States
Union Hospital (Massachusetts), Lynn, Massachusetts, United States
Union Hospital (Massachusetts), New Bedford, Massachusetts, United States
Union Hospital (New Jersey), Union, New Jersey, United States
Union Hospital (California), Benicia, California, United States
Trauma centers
Jan Trampota (21 May 1889, Prague – 19 October 1942, Poděbrady) was a Czech Modernist landscape painter.
Biography
His father was a shoemaker. He originally intended to be a gardener, but decided to pursue landscape painting instead. From 1907 to 1909, he studied at the Academy of Arts, Architecture and Design and at the Academy of Fine Arts with Jan Preisler, among others. In 1910, his family emigrated to America for economic reasons, but he remained behind.
In 1913, he became a member of the Mánes Union of Fine Arts. Two years later, he went to Nová Ves u Chotěboře at the invitation of Jarmila Šťastná-Mixová (sister of the poet ) where he and several other young Czech artists spent the time painting en plein aire. In 1916, he was drafted into service and was stationed in Salzburg, Bergheim and Fondo. He held his first exhibition upon returning.
From 1919 to 1920, he lived in Nové Hrady and Vysoké Mýto as a guest of the painter , and created a series of works on apple farming. He married Albertina Venclová (an amateur actor) in 1921 and, after touring Slovakia and Hungary, settled in Pěčín. From then on, most of his works consisted of landscapes of the local countryside there. His wife died in 1928.
From 1930 to 1931, to help relieve his depression, he visited France with his friend, , where he visited the art galleries and went on painting expeditions to Normandy. Upon returning, he exhibited the works he created there, but they were not critically well received.
Back in Pěčín, he attempted to synthesize what he had learned by painting seascapes with his earlier landscape style and spent much of his time in the Orlické Mountains. Many of his works from this period were left unfinished.
He had always suffered from a weak heart. In 1939, his health began to fail and he died three years later while seeking a cure at the spa in Poděbrady. A small monument to him has been erected in Pěčín.
Selected paintings
References
Further reading
Jiří Hlušička, Jan Trampota, Galerie Antonína Procházky, Brno, 2009
External links
ArtNet: More works by Trampota.
Jan Trampota @ abART
1889 births
1942 deaths
20th-century Czech painters
Landscape painters
Expressionist painters
Artists from Prague
Czech male painters
20th-century Czech male artists
George Blanchard (March 3, 1891 – July 19, 1978) was an English-born architect and politician in Ontario, Canada. He served as mayor of Port Arthur in 1933.
He was born in Kingston-upon-Hull and came to Canada in 1903. Blanchard trained as an architect's assistant in Regina and then worked as a draftsman for the Saskatchewan Department of Public Works. From 1912 to 1915, he was chief assistant to Walter William LaChance in Saskatoon. Blanchard next worked for C. D. Howe & Company and came to Port Arthur in 1917 to supervise the construction of several grain elevators; in 1920, he took over William Hood's architectural business. He designed a number of prominent public and commercial buildings in the area. From 1952 to 1961, he was resident architect in Northwestern Ontario for the Ontario government.
Blanchard served on Port Arthur council from 1931 to 1932. He was defeated by Charles Cox when he ran for reelection as mayor in 1934, gathering 2,008 votes to Cox's 2,957. He also served 17 years as treasurer for Shuniah municipality and was president of the local Children's Aid Society.
He died in Vernon, British Columbia at the age of 87.
References
1891 births
1978 deaths
British emigrants to Canada
Mayors of Port Arthur, Ontario
Canadian architects
Charles J. Shirek (born October 25, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher.
Career
Shirek attended the University of Nebraska at Lincoln, where he played college baseball for the Nebraska Cornhuskers baseball team. The Chicago White Sox selected Shirek in the 23rd round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft.
In 2012, he pitched to an 11–5 win–loss record with a 3.65 earned run average (ERA) for the Charlotte Knights of the Class AAA International League. His performance led the White Sox to add him to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. However, during the offseason, the White Sox released Shirek so that he could pursue an opportunity playing in Asia.
NC Dinos (KBO)
Shirek signed with the NC Dinos of the Korea Baseball Organization (KBO). In 2013, he had an 11–7 win-loss record and a 2.48 ERA, which led KBO. After the season, he signed with the NC Dinos to play until 2015.
On June 24, 2014, Shirek threw a no-hitter, becoming the 11th pitcher and the first non-Korean player to record a no-hitter in KBO history.
References
External links
Career statistics and player information from Korea Baseball Organization
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Minot, North Dakota
Baseball players from North Dakota
Nebraska Cornhuskers baseball players
Kannapolis Intimidators players
Birmingham Barons players
Winston-Salem Dash players
Charlotte Knights players
NC Dinos players
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
KBO League pitchers
Kung Fu Ghost is a 2022 action comedy film directed by Jennifer N. Linch in her feature directorial debut and written by Ivan White. The film stars Linch, Noah Sargent, Mark Atkinson, Amber Grayson and David S. Dawson. Kung Fu Ghost was released on August 2, 2022 by Vision Films.
Plot
Daisy inherits a mysterious aged property from her late grandfather, a martial arts master whom she never met. When she shows up on the grounds, she finds the house is being haunted by ghosts. When burglars stumble into the estate, she calls on the spirits to put a stop to them.
Cast
Jennifer N. Linch as Daisy
Noah Sargent as William
Mark Atkinson as Marv
Amber Grayson as Thief
David S. Dawson as Grandpa
Whitney Wegman-Wood as The Boss
Eddie Lain as Harry
Kiki Yeung as Auntie Minh
Rene Fernandez as Warren
Production
This is the feature length directorial debut for Linch. An indie martial arts film, Kung Fu Ghost was produced by Nameless Studio. The film was shot with an Angenieux Lens on a Red Epic 8K camera in San Diego. After wrapping principal photography in 2019, additional scenes were scheduled to be filmed in July 2020. Larry Johnson of Stanford, Kentucky was an associate producer on the project.
Release
The film was initially scheduled to release late in 2020 though it would later be announced to release in Summer 2020. It was then delayed until the following Summer, before an eventual release on August 2, 2022. The film was distributed by Vision Films.
Reception
Alan Ng at Film Threat scored it 6 out of 10 claiming “dialogue is the film's greatest weakness.” Jim Morazzini of Voices From The Balcony rated it 3 out of 5 and stated it should be of interest to a younger audience. That's My Entertainment praised the film, saying "it knows exactly what it's supposed to be and leans into it." Space Jockey Reviews says it includes an homage to Ghost, claiming that it's a "fun, ultimately uplifting movie." The Action Elite compared the film to older Jackie Chan movies and complimented the choreography. World Film Geek scored it a B+ claiming that the "choreography is actually pretty decent for an American B-movie." In a mixed review, Trina Boice says that that "musical score is appropriately goofy" but the "dialogue is clunky and stiffly delivered."
References
External links
2022 action comedy films
American martial arts comedy films
2020s martial arts comedy films
2022 martial arts films
American action comedy films
American independent films
2022 independent films
American haunted house films
Treasure hunt films
Home invasions in film
American children's comedy films
American crime comedy films
Films about spirit possession
Films about inheritances
Films shot in San Diego
Films set in San Diego
2020s English-language films
2022 directorial debut films
2020s American films
Reiser's tyrannulet (Phyllomyias reiseri) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in central Brazil and northern Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Reiser's tyrannulet
Birds of Brazil
Reiser's tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
DTaP-IPV-HepB vaccine is a combination vaccine whose generic name is diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and acellular pertussis adsorbed, hepatitis B (recombinant) and inactivated polio vaccine or DTaP-IPV-Hep B. It protects against the infectious diseases diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, poliomyelitis, and hepatitis B.
A branded formulation is marketed in the U.S. as Pediarix by GlaxoSmithKline.
References
Combination drugs
Combination vaccines
GSK plc brands
Diphtheria
Hepatitis B
Whooping cough
Polio
Tetanus
Vaccines
Matthew Gandy, FBA (born 1965 in London) is a geographer and urbanist. He is Professor of Cultural and Historical Geography and Fellow of King's College at the University of Cambridge, moving from University College London (UCL) in 2015, where he was also the founder and first Director of the UCL Urban Laboratory from 2005 to 2011.
Education
Matthew Gandy grew up in Islington, London.
University of Cambridge, BA Geography, 1988
London School of Economics, PhD Geography, 1992
Career
His research on environmental history, urban infrastructure and visual culture has involved work in a variety of countries including France, Germany, Nigeria, India, the UK and the USA. In 2003 he was winner of the Spiro Kostof Prize of the Society of Architectural Historians for Concrete and clay: reworking nature in New York City as the book “within the last two years that has made the greatest contribution to our understanding of urbanism and its relationship with architecture”. In 2005 he set up the UCL Urban Laboratory as an international and interdisciplinary centre for urban research and teaching and in 2006 he was a founder of the London-wide Urban Salon. In 2007 he produced and directed a documentary film, Liquid City (2007), which explores the complexity of water politics in Bombay/Mumbai. In 2015 his book "The fabric of space: water, modernity, and the urban imagination" won the Meridian Book Award for Outstanding Scholarly Work in Geography and in 2016 it was awarded the International Planning History Society's prize for the "most innovative book in planning history". In 2016 he was elected as a Fellow of the British Academy. In 2017 he produced, wrote, and directed the prize-winning documentary film, Natura Urbana: the Brachen of Berlin, which charts the dual histories of urban botany and geo-politics in post-war Berlin.
His current work explores three main themes: landscape (including depictions of nature in the visual arts), infrastructure and urban metabolism (including atmospheres and corporeal geographies), and urban bio-diversity.
He is also actively involved in local issues in Hackney, east London, writes regular reviews and commentaries for his blog Cosmopolis at http://www.matthewgandy.org, and is an urban field ecologist, specialising in entomology and has written a book on moths.
Publications
He has over a hundred publications in many international journals including Architectural Design, International Journal of Urban and Regional Research, New Left Review and Society and Space. He is also author or editor of eleven books.
Selected publications include:
Books
Gandy, M. 1994. Recycling and the politics of urban waste. London: Earthscan.
Gandy, M, 2015. Nature, sexualité, et hétéropie. Paris: Eterotopia.
Gandy, M. 2016. Moth''. London: Reaktion Books.
Book chapters
Journal articles
See also
Human geography
References
External links
Living people
British geographers
Academics of University College London
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of the Academy of Social Sciences
1965 births
Tut (), in Iran, may refer to the following villages:
Tut, Lorestan
Tut, Markazi
Tut, Razavi Khorasan
Tut, Mehrestan, Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Tut, South Khorasan
Tut, Yazd
See also
Tut-e Olya, Khuzestan Province
Tut-e Sofla, Khuzestan Province
Tut-e Lashkaran, Razavi Khorasan Province
Tut-e Safar, Razavi Khorasan Province
Tut-e Seyyed Mohammad, Razavi Khorasan Province
Muhammad Hanif Malik Awan is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from 1997 to 1999 and again from May 2013 to May 2018. He had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2012 to 2013.
Early life and education
He was born on 5 May 1952 in Gujrat.
He has received matriculation level education.
Political career
He ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as an independent candidate from Constituency PP-95 (Gujrat-cum-Jhelum) in 1993 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 20,726 votes and lost the seat to a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (J) (PML-J).
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) from Constituency PP-95 (Gujrat-cum-Jhelum) in 1997 Pakistani general election. He received 29,854 votes and defeated a candidate of PML-J.
He could not contest the 2002 general election due to graduation degree requirement.
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-107 (Gujrat-IV) as a candidate of PML-N in by-polls held in 2012. He received 70,434 votes and defeated Rehman Naseer, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
He was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-114 (Gujrat-VII) in 2013 Pakistani general election. He received 40,428 votes and defeated Raja Muhammad Naeem Nawaz, a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI).
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 2013–2018
1952 births
Punjab MPAs 1997–1999
Pakistan Muslim League (N) politicians
Robert A. Irving (15 February 1948 – 18 April 1999) was an English World Cup winning professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s. A Great Britain and England international, and Yorkshire representative , he played at club level for Oldham (Heritage № 672), Wigan (Heritage № 705), Salford, Barrow, Blackpool Borough and Swinton during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Bob irving was born in Castle Hill, Huddersfield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, he was a hotelier in Blackpool, and studied for a degree, becoming a senior lecturer in business studies at Blackpool and The Fylde College. He was active in the Catholic Church, and undertook charity work in his spare time, regularly manning a soup kitchen for homeless and displaced people, and he died aged 51, following a heart attack in Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
Playing career
Irving was transferred, aged 16, from St. Joseph's ARLFC (in Huddersfield) to Oldham, and within a few weeks, he was playing in the first team.
International honours
Irving won caps for England while at Wigan in the 1975 Rugby League World Cup against Wales, France, and Australia, and won caps for Great Britain while at Oldham in 1967 against France (2 matches), and Australia (3 matches), in 1970 against Australia (sub), and New Zealand, in 1971 against New Zealand, in 1972 against France (sub), and in the 1972 Rugby League World Cup against New Zealand, and Australia (sub).
County Cup Final appearances
Bob Irving played right-, i.e. number 12, in Oldham's 13–16 defeat by Wigan in the 1966–67 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1966–67 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 29 October 1966, and played left-, i.e. number 11, in the 2–30 defeat by St. Helens in the 1968–69 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1968–69 season at Central Park, Wigan on Friday 25 October 1968, played left-, i.e. number 11, in Wigan's 19–9 victory over Salford in the 1973–74 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1973–74 season at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Saturday 13 October 1973, and played right-, i.e. number 10, in the 13–16 defeat by Workington Town in the 1977–78 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1977–78 season at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Saturday 29 October 1977.
Honoured at Oldham
Robert Irving is an Oldham Hall of Fame Inductee.
Note
The "Tracking down the heroes of 1972" reference misstates his year of death as 2002, it was 1999. The "Obituary: Bob Irving at independent.co.uk" reference misstates his month of birth as December, it was February.
References
External links
When Great Britain won the World Cup
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
Tracking down the heroes of 1972
Oldham Hall of Fame
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
Obituary: Bob Irving at independent.co.uk
1948 births
1999 deaths
Barrow Raiders players
Blackpool Borough players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
Rugby league players from Huddersfield
Rugby league second-rows
Salford Red Devils players
Swinton Lions players
Wigan Warriors players
Yorkshire rugby league team players
The Slamdance Film Festival is an annual film festival focused on emerging artists. The annual week-long festival takes place in Park City, Utah, in late January and is the main event organized by the year-round Slamdance organization, which also hosts a screenplay competition, workshops, screenings throughout the year and events with an emphasis on independent films with budgets under US$1 million.
History
The festival was founded in 1995 by Dan Mirvish, Jon Fitzgerald, Shane Kuhn, and Peter Baxter, along with Paul Rachman, after they had been unsuccessful in submitting films to the Sundance Film Festival. Baxter has been in charge of Slamdance since 1997.
Screenplay competition
In addition to the festival, Slamdance's screenplay competition has discovered a number of talented screenwriters, including Joshua Marston (Maria Full of Grace) and Steven Fechter and Nicole Kassell, co-writers of (The Woodsman). In 2008, Slamdance entered into an agreement with Upload Films to develop and produce Drool, the winner of Slamdance's screenplay competition. Written and directed by Nancy Kissam, Drool premiered at the 2009 Festival and thereafter was acquired by Strand Releasing. Chad Crawford Kinkle's southern horror screenplay Jug Face won the 2011 Grand Prize. During the 2012 Festival, Modernciné producers Andrew van den Houten and Robert Tonino announced their production of Jug Face in Nashville, Tennessee.
In 2011, Dead in the Room, written by Marjory Kaptanoglu (winner of Slamdance's 2010 Short Screenplay Competition) was directed by Academy Award–nominated filmmaker Adam Pertofsky. In 2012, Harold's Bad Day, written by R.J. Buckley, was directed by Slamdance alum Jordan Brady. The 2011 Grand Prize winner Jug Face, written by Chad Crawford Kinkle, premiered at the 2013 festival, where it was picked up for distribution by Gravitas Ventures.
The Slamdance 2013 Screenwriting Competition was presented by JuntoBox Films. Awards were given to the top three scripts in each category, with a Grand Prize of $10,000 cash that went to Butterfly Children by Melanie Schiele. The Short Screenplay winner Think Ink by Emily Hu was produced and premiered at the 2015 Festival, as part of the Special Screenings section.
The 2014 Screenplay Competition saw an original teleplay (Search for Life by Andrea Janakas) take home the Grand Prize. Search for Life was also given the award for Best Original Teleplay, the Best Narrative Feature was given to HF Crum's The 3 Faces of Hunger & Thirst, the Best Horror Screenplay was given to Sean Patrick Geraghty's The Hounds of House Rearden, and the Best Short Screenplay was given to David Shushan's Over the Line (And Far Away). The awards were given at the Writers Guild of America West in Los Angeles.
The 2015 Screenplay Competition received a record-breaking 50% increase in submissions, with nearly 3,500 total submissions. Narrative Feature script The Delegation by Shane Andries was awarded the Best Narrative Feature and Grand Prize Award, Best Horror Screenplay was awarded to Speak of the Devil by Jesse J. Cook, Best Short Screenplay was awarded to Deep Storage by Susan Earl, and the Best Teleplay was awarded to Castle Rock by Jamie King. The awards were given at the Writers Guild of America West in Los Angeles for the second time.
The 2016 Screenplay Competition received a record-breaking number of submissions, with 3,600 total scripts submitted. Narrative Feature script Great White Shark by Andrew Kightlinger was awarded the Best Narrative Feature and Grand Prize Award, Best Horror Screenplay was awarded to The Housesitter by Suju Vijayan, Best Short Screenplay was awarded to Conviction by Anju Andre-Bergmann, and Best Teleplay was awarded to Feral by Bryan Kett. The awards were given at the Writers Guild of America West in Los Angeles for the third time. Andrew Kightlinger has received representation from Principato-Young Entertainment and is currently in development on a new narrative feature which focuses on sex trafficking.
The 2017 Screenplay Competition received over 3,000 submissions. Horror Feature "Day Shift" by Tyler Tice was awarded $2,000 for Best Horror Screenplay and $8,000 for the Grand Prize Award. Best Narrative Feature was awarded to Escher by Jason Kessler, Best Short Screenplay was awarded to The Clown-Faced Plumber by Frederick Jones, and Best Teleplay to Jackrabbit by David Schlow. The awards were given at the Writers Guild of America West in Los Angeles for the fourth time.
Slamdance on the Road
The Slamdance organization has established Slamdance on the Road, a traveling showcase supported by the festival and its filmmakers. On the Road brings popular Slamdance films to audiences that otherwise would not have the chance to see them and provide theatrical venues with an alternative film program experience. On the Road events usually take place in U.S. cities such as New York, Los Angeles, Austin, and Detroit, but have also traveled to countries like Canada, China, Poland, France, and Chile.
Slamdance Cinema Club
In 2015, as a further development of its theatrical distribution efforts, Slamdance announced a partnership with ArcLight Hollywood to produce and promote the Slamdance Cinema Club, which features two Slamdance films a month for the first three quarters of 2015.
Slamdance Presents
In January 2010, Slamdance and Microsoft announced its partnership of year-round Slamdance Film programming on Xbox and Zune.
Slamdance president and co-founder Peter Baxter said, “Slamdance has a true independent identity and proven track record of unearthing great films. It's time now to be progressive and unleash our film programs outside of the festival and directly help filmmakers find popular, worldwide audiences. The standard of Slamdance films deserve this much and we believe the audience will respond.”
As of opening day at the 2011 Festival, select Competition Feature Films were made available via Zune Video Marketplace as part of this year's Festival and VOD Showcase for the duration of the festival, January 20–27. Select films included narrative features Modern Imbecile's Planet World, Snow on tha Bluff by Damon Russell, and The Beast Pageant by Albert Birney & Jon Moses; documentary features Road Dogs and Scrapper, as well as films from previous years' festivals.
In 2013, Slamdance expanded its VOD business onto iTunes, Amazon, Google, Vudu, and PlayStation. Slamdance Studios acquired and released four Slamdance favorites and award winners through Cinedigm/New Video, including Monteith McCollum's Hybrid, Ron Eyal and Eleanor Burke's Stranger Things, Rudd Simmons' The First Season, and Daniel Martinico's OK, Good.
Also in 2013, "The Slam Collective" made Slamdance's first collaborative feature film called I Want to Be an American. In the spirit of the surrealist parlor game of chance Exquisite Corpse, 7 Slamdance filmmakers each made a documentary short film based on imagery forwarded on by the previous filmmaker in the chain.
In January 2015, Slamdance Studios launched a streaming program on Hulu that includes Slamdance favorites and independent classics including Marc Levin's Slam, Cullen Hoback's Terms and Conditions May Apply, and Gerard Johnson's Tony. The Slamdance-produced short film "D.I.Y.", featuring conversations with prominent Slamdance alumni Christopher Nolan, Penelope Spheeris, and the Russo brothers also premiered on the platform.
In 2015, Slamdance partnered with filmmakers Steve Yu and Diamond Dallas Page for a theatrical release of The Resurrection of Jake the Snake as the first title for Slamdance Presents, a distribution enterprise dedicated to creating theatrical and other commercial opportunities for independent filmmakers. The Resurrection Of Jake The Snake documents the rehabilitation of Jake Roberts and Scott Hall. The film played in markets in the United States and Canada, including Los Angeles, New York City, Chicago, Atlanta, Philadelphia, and Baltimore. Upon its subsequent VOD release, The Resurrection Of Jake The Snake became the number one documentary on iTunes.
In 2017, Slamdance Presents acquired four award-winning and critically acclaimed films now available on VOD: Driftwood by Paul Taylor, Dead Hands Dig Deep by Jai Love, Without by Mark Jackson, and The Ground We Won by Christopher Pryor.
Slamdance Digital, Interactive & Gaming
In 2015, Slamdance integrated digital, interactive, and immersive art into its program with the launch of DIG. DIG opened at Big Pictures Los Angeles on December 4, 2015, and showcased cutting-edge works in the field of digital storytelling.
Featured projects included Pry by Tender Claws; The Visitor by James Kaelan, Eve M. Cohen, and Blessing Yen; Sleighting by Rachel Ho; Woman Without Mandolin by Fabiano Mixo; Simulacra by Theo Tagholm; Thumper by Drool; Memory of a Broken Dimension by XRA; Apoptosis by Kytten Janae; Line Wobbler by Robin Baumgarten; and TL;DR [the shape of the internet (Orgy)] by Theo Triantafyllidis.
In 2016, Slamdance DIG continued into its second iteration, expanding its program with the creative input of Dekker Dreyer and virtual reality network Littlstar. Featured projects included (THREE² x 3P2:VR) by Float (Kate Parsons & Ben Vance); Bad News by Expressive Intelligence Studio ([James Ryan, Ben Samuel, & Adam Summerville); Infinit-O by Corazon Del Sol; Manifold Garden by William Chyr; Natural History by Lillian Mehrel; Soundstage by Logan Olson; The Magic Dance Mirror by Kyle Ruddick; and You Must Be 18 or Older to Enter by Seemingly Pointless. DIG opened at Big Pictures Los Angeles on December 2, 2016, and then again at the Slamdance Film Festival in January 2017.
In 2017, Slamdance DIG featured artists from South Africa, Poland, and beyond. Projects included Brief Excursion by Aaron Oldenburg; BVOVB: Bruising Vengeance of the Vintage Boxer by Michal Rostocki; Dujanah by Jack King-Spooner; Everything is going to be OK by alienmelon (Nathalie Lawhead); F.L.O.W. (Future Ladies of Wrestling) by Jennifer Juniper Stratford of Telefantasy Studios; Laser Non Laser by Jeanette Bonds of GLAS Animation; Nour by Terrifying Jellyfish (aka TJ Hughes); Semblance by Nyamakop (Cukia Kimani and Ben Myres); Sundays with Absalon by John Vanderhoef; Super Void by Sam Weiss (Shnabubula) and John Donohue Bell (Lazy Brain Games); The Game: The Game by Angela Washko; ULTRA ADHD (Amazing Death and Huge Destruction) by Alon “DancingEngie” Karmi. DIG opened at Big Pictures Los Angeles, December 1, 2017.
Select projects, including The Game: The Game, BVOB: Bruising Vengeance of the Vintage Boxer, and [The (De)escalation Room by Columbia University's Digital Storytelling Lan with Lance Weiler and Nicholas Fortugno was featured at the 2018 Slamdance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.
Guerrilla Games Competition controversy
The festival used to host a computer and video game competition called Slamdance Guerrilla Games Competition. In January 2007, the festival for the first time dropped a finalist. The game Super Columbine Massacre RPG! was announced as a finalist in late November 2006, but the controversial game was dropped by Slamdance founder Peter Baxter with no outside pressure as initially reported.
In response to this, six other finalists withdrew from the competition in protest, Jonathan Blow withdrew Braid, thatgamecompany withdrew Flow, Waking Games withdrew Once Upon a Time, the developers for Toblo withdrew their game (however, on January 16 the college which they attend, the DigiPen Institute of Technology against their wishes "overwrote our decision and readmitted Toblo to the Slamdance Festival", because the developers did not consult the college prior to their withdrawal decision), Queasy Games withdrew Everyday Shooter, Nick Montfort withdrew Book and Volume, and The Behemoth withdrew Castle Crashers. The University of Southern California has also withdrawn its sponsorship of Slamdance over this controversy.
On January 26, 2007, the date the game awards were to be presented, a panel discussion with the remaining finalists resulted in the withdrawal of the Official Jury Selection for all finalists, and no awards were handed out. The competition has not been held since.
See also
2007 Slamdance Film Festival
2008 Slamdance Film Festival
2010 Slamdance Film Festival
2011 Slamdance Film Festival
2012 Slamdance Film Festival
References
External links
Film festivals in Utah
Park City, Utah
January events
Film festivals established in 1995
1995 establishments in Utah
Erica-Irene Daes (18 September 1925 – 12 February 2017) was an academic, diplomat, and United Nations expert best known for her almost 20 years work with the United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Populations (1984–2001) promoting the cause of the world's indigenous peoples, during which time she authored many United Nations reports on Indigenous rights issues and was a driving force behind the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
She was the Founding Chairperson & Special Rapporteur, United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Populations; Member, United Nations Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights.
Published works
Freedom of the individual under law : a study on the individual's duties to the community and the limitations on human rights and freedoms under Article 29 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (Book)
The individual's duties to the community and the limitations on human rights and freedoms under article 29 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights : a contribution to the freedom of the individual under law (study)
Status of the individual and contemporary international law : promotion, protection and restoration of human rights at national, regional and international levels (Book)
Protection of the heritage of indigenous people (Book)
Justice pending : indigenous peoples and other good causes : essays in honour of Erica-Irene A. Daes (Book)
Principles, guidelines, and guarantees for the protection of persons detained on grounds of mental ill-health or suffering from mental disorder : a contribution to (a) the protection of the fundamental freedoms, human and legal rights of persons who are mentally ill or suffering from mental disorder ; (b) the abolition of psychiatric abuses ; (c) the promotion of mental health law and medical practice ; and (d) the improvement of mental health care and mental institutions (Book)
Indigenous peoples : keepers of our past, custodians of our future (Book)
Principles, guidelines and guarantees for the protection of persons detained on grounds of mental ill-health or suffering from mental disorder : a contribution to (a) the protection of the fundamental freedoms, human, and legal rights of persons who are mentally ill or suffering from mental disorder; (b) the abolition of psychiatric abuses; (c) the promotion of mental health law and medical practice, and (d) the improvement of mental health care and mental institutions (report)
Liberté de l'individu en droit : Etude des devoirs de l'individu envers la communauté et limitations des droits et libertés de l'homme en vertu de l'article 29 de la Déclaration universelle des droits de l'homme (Book)
Protection du patrimoine des populations autochtones
References
External links
Professor Dr. iur. Erica Irene DaesAccessed 10 February 2009
Curriculum Vitae of Dr., Drhc, Mrs Erika-Irene Daes Accessed 11 February 2008
1925 births
2017 deaths
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens alumni
Members of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights
Greek officials of the United Nations
People from Kissamos
The American Educational Resources Association (AERA) is an education resources organization in the U.S. According to the group's website, it was founded in 1916, and is research focused. The group publishes, issues awards, and holds meetings. The group is located in Washington, DC. The group has a site on Common Core Standards
The group's publications have included Review of Education Research.
References
Further reading
Pregaming AERA Education Week (subscription required), March 26, 2014
Educational organizations based in the United States
Organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Gulf of İzmit (Turkish: İzmit Körfezi), also referred to as Izmit Bay, is a bay at the easternmost edge of the Sea of Marmara, in Kocaeli Province, Turkey. The gulf takes its name from the city of İzmit. Other cities and towns around the bay are Gebze, Körfez, Gölcük, and Altınova.
In the east–west direction, it extends for a length of about , while in the north–south direction its width varies from at the narrowest spots to about at its widest. The İzmit Bay Bridge is a suspension bridge that bridges the gulf.
Etymology
Iznik's ancient names were Gulf of Astacus, Sinus Astacenus (), Olbianus Sinus () and Gulf of Nicomedia.
It took the names Gulf of Astacus and Sinus Astacenus from the city Astacus.
See also
Astacus in Bithynia
Astacus – a genus of crayfish (from the Greek word αστακός (astakós), adopted into Turkish as ıstakoz, both meaning lobster)
Nicomedia (modern İzmit) – the eastern and most senior capital of the Roman Empire during the Tetrarchy system
İzmit
İzmit Bay Bridge
İzmit Körfez Circuit
References
External links
Motorway over the Gulf
Izmit
Sea of Marmara
The Big Tree is a sycamore in Kirkwall, Orkney. It was named "Scotland's Tree of the Year" in the annual competition held by Woodland Trust Scotland, in 2017. The tree was nominated for the Scottish competition by Andrew Richards and Hazel Flett on behalf of the Kirkwall Community Council who also won a £1,000 grant from the Scottish Woodland Trust and Postcode Lottery. The prize money was used to stage a series of competitions to engage the public with the tree in the largely treeless islands.
The sycamore is thought to be more than 200 years old and now stands in the main thoroughfare of Albert Street, Kirkwall. It is under the care of Orkney Islands Council.
History
The big tree has been used as a meeting place by generations of Orcadians, and it once stretched across to touch the windows of the building opposite. It was originally one of three trees within the privately owned garden of chemist Thomas Sclater. Sclater divided up his properties in the 1870s to create two shop fronts and started to chop down his trees to make use of the garden ground. There was a public outcry and the last tree was saved by the Kirkwall Town Council, who paid Sclater £5 to leave it standing. In a letter from Sclater to the Kirkwall Town Council dated 30 January 1875: Sir,
To avoid litigation, and by way of compromise I hereby beg to offer to convey to the Town Council of Kirkwall my whole right and interest in and to the large Tree growing in front of my property in Albert Street for the sum of Five Pounds Sterling, the Council undertaking to keep it pruned on the side next my house so that the branches do not reach within six feet of the wall or roof.
Thos H Sclater At a meeting on 3 February 'the arrangement come to with Mr T H Sclater for the preservation of the large Tree in front of his premises in Albert Street was reported.'
As Kirkwall grew the tree found itself part of the main street but in the mid 20th century, when the tree was given an notional life of only 5 years and Orkney County Council threatened to remove it, another public campaign saved it.
In 2009 Orkney Islands Council did some remediation work on the tree, hollowing out the dead core and reinforcing it with a metal pole.
References
External links
Orkney Museum: Tree of the Year Award 2017
Individual trees in Scotland
Landmarks in Scotland
Maurice Joseph Brennan BSC, MIMechE, FRAes (April 1913 – 18 January 1986) was a British aerospace engineer. His career encompassed the design and development of flying boats before the Second World War to rocket powered fighters after. He had a significant role in Britain's first indigenous rocket project (Black Knight) and in the development of practical hovercraft (SR.N1)
Career
Maurice Brennan was born in April 1913, at Muswell Hill, London. He was educated in Scotland, first at St. Mungo's Academy then at Glasgow University. He qualified for his pilots "A" licence in 1931. After graduating from Glasgow in April 1934, he joined the technical office of Hawker Aircraft, Ltd in Kingston, where he remained until 1936, when he went to work for Saunders-Roe.
At Saunders-Roe he was engaged in the stress office, the aerodynamics office and the project office. In this period his design responsibilities included the Saro Lerwick and the Short Shetland flying boats. From 1947, he was technical assistant to the chief executive, Sir Arthur Gouge. In January 1947 Brennan took charge of helicopter development when Saunders-Roe took over the development contract on the Cierva W.14 Skeeter and Cierva Air Horse helicopters. He became chief designer in October 1953, and among his responsibilities were the Saunders Roe Princess flying boat, the SR.53 and SR.177 mixed (rocket and jet)-powered interceptor fighters and the Black Knight programme. He also led the detail design of the SR.N1 hovercraft, working closely with Christopher Cockerell.
He resigned from Saunders-Roe in March 1959 to work for Vickers Armstrong in Weybridge. This was three days after the chief rocket development engineer, Mr Paul Layton, resigned "as a protest against Britain's lack of a space exploration policy", although Brennan said at the time his resignation was unconnected with Layton's. At Vickers Armstrong he was the assistant chief engineer working with Barnes Wallis on variable-geometry aircraft projects that would eventually become the basis of the AFVG project. However, he resigned again after ten months, joining Folland in 1960, replacing Teddy Petter as director and chief engineer. By this time Folland was part of Hawker Siddeley, and he was responsible for developing the two-seat Gnat T.1, various twin engined and variable wing geometry Gnat proposals and the GERM hovercraft project (Ground Effect Research Machine).
In 1961 he moved to Avro (also part of Hawker Siddeley) succeeding Roy Ewans as a director and chief engineer. From 1961 to 1969 his responsibilities included the Avro 748, its derivative the Hawker Siddeley Andover and the Hawker Siddeley Nimrod. Later Brennan became director of special projects with responsibility for V/STOL military and civil designs.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s he was a Technical Director of Aircraft Designs with Sheriff Aerospace. He died in 1986 on the Isle of Wight.
Patents
References
Citations
Sources
1913 births
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
People from Muswell Hill
English people of Irish descent
British aerospace engineers
Fellows of the Royal Aeronautical Society
People educated at St Mungo's Academy
Saunders-Roe
1986 deaths
The 1941 Mississippi State Maroons football team was an American football team that represented Mississippi State College in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1941 college football season. In their third season under head coach Allyn McKeen, the Maroons compiled an 8–1–1 record (4–0–1 against SEC opponents), won the only SEC championship in school history, outscored opponents by a total of 191 to 55, and were ranked No. 16 in the final AP Poll.
After losing eight of eleven starters from the undefeated 1940 team, the Maroons were picked to finish at or near the bottom of the SEC in 1941. Yet, they won games against conference opponents, Florida, Alabama, Auburn, and Ole Miss, and played a scoreless tie against LSU. The sole loss of the season was to No. 10 Duquesne. The 1941 season was the second consecutive season in which Mississippi State went undefeated against SEC opponents.
Two Mississippi State players were named to the 1941 All-SEC football team. Tackle Bill Arnold received first-team honors from the Associated Press (AP) and second-team honors from the United Press (UP). Halfback Johnnie "Blondy" Black was picked by the UP for the second team.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Steeplechase Films is a documentary production company founded in 1989 by filmmaker Ric Burns. They produce films focusing on events and people in American history, mainly for the PBS series American Experience. Ric and his company are best known for the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series, New York: A Documentary Film, which premiered nationally on PBS to wide public and critical acclaim when broadcast in three installments in November 1999, September 2001, and September 2003.
Filmography
Coney Island (1991)
The Donner Party (1992)
The Way West (1995)
Ansel Adams: A Documentary Film (2002)
New York: A Documentary Film (1999)
New York: A Documentary Film—The Center of the World (2003)
Eugene O'Neill: A Documentary Film (2006)
Andy Warhol: A Documentary Film (2006)
Into the Deep: America, Whaling & the World (2010)
Death and the Civil War (2012)
Enquiring Minds: The Untold Story of the Man Behind the National Enquirer (2014)
American Ballet Theatre: A History (2015)
The Pilgrims (2015)
Debt of Honor: Disabled Veterans in American History (2015)
VA: the Human Cost of War (2017)
The Chinese Exclusion Act (2018)
Made for Each Other: A History of the Bond Between Humans and Dogs (2019)
Oliver Sacks: His Own Life (2019)
List of awards and nominations
31st News & Documentary Emmy Awards (2010) - Outstanding Nonfiction Series (nominated) for Into the Deep: America, Whaling & The World
27th News & Documentary Emmy Awards (2006) - Outstanding Writing for Nonfiction Programming (won) for Andy Warhol: A Documentary Film
27th News & Documentary Emmy Awards (2006) - Outstanding Nonfiction Series (nominated) for Andy Warhol: A Documentary Film under the American Masters series.
27th News & Documentary Emmy Awards (2006) - Outstanding Individual Achievement in a Craft: Writing (won) for Eugene O'Neill
Peabody Award (2006) - (won) for Andy Warhol: A Documentary Film
References
External links
American Experience website
WGBH-Eugene O'Neill
Andy Warhol
New York: A Documentary Film
The Donner Party: A Documentary Film
Way West: A Documentary Film
Categories
Film production companies of the United States
Mass media companies established in 1989
Tuchenbach is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.
Geography
Tuchenbach is located about 20 Kilometer west of Nuremberg. The closest villages are Obermichelbach, Veitsbronn, Puschendorf and the town of Herzogenaurach. The altitude is 345 Meters. The area of Tuchenbach is 6.50 km2
History
Tuchenbach was first officially mentioned in 1284.
Population
The population was 1226 on 30 June 2007. The density is 184/m2.
Politics
Town Council
The Town Council has 13 members, including the mayor. The "Interessengemeinschaft Tuchenbach" has 8 seats, the SPD has 1 seats and the "Wählergemeinschaft Tuchenbach" has 3 seats (Election 2008).
Mayor
Leonhard Eder (Interessensgemeinschaft) was elected mayor on 3 March 2002 with 61.8%. He was re-elected on 2 March 2008 with 73.8%, and again in 2014 and 2020.
Church
The "Friedenskirche" (Peace Church) including a cemetery was opened in 2000.
Sport clubs
Sportfreunde Tuchenbach
The Sportreunde Tuchenbach have soccer teams, gym, archery, cycling and Ping-Pong.
Tennisclub Tuchenbach
The tennis club was founded is 1977 and it has 4 clay courts.
Different
The ZIP-Code is 90587. The Area Code is 0911. The address of the townhall is Schulplatz 2,
90587 Tuchenbach
References
External links
http://www.tuchenbach.de/
http://www.sportfreunde-tuchenbach.de/
http://www.tc-tuchenbach.de/
Fürth (district)
Gigen (, ) is a village in northern Bulgaria, part of Gulyantsi Municipality, Pleven Province. It is located near the Danube River, close to the place where the Iskar River empties into it, opposite the Romanian town of Corabia.
Gigen is most famous for being built on the site of the important Roman colony of Oescus. The extensive ruins are located in the northwestern part of the village and were first associated with the ancient colony in the end of the 17th century. A bridge, built or reconstructed by Constantine I and named Constantine's Bridge in his honour, linked Oescus with Sucidava (modern Corabia) across the Danube in the 4th century.
Gigen is also known for an anti-Bogomil inscription in Old Bulgarian dating to the 10th century, the rule of Tsar Peter I of Bulgaria. The text was discovered in the old village church, inscribed on a stone block 85 centimetres in width. According to the scientifically accepted reading, the text of the inscription is as follows:
, Gigen has a population of 2,192 inhabitants. It lies at , at 39 m above sea level.
Honour
Gigen Peak on Graham Land in Antarctica is named after the village.
References
Villages in Pleven Province
Old Bulgarian inscriptions
The Marconi-RCA Bolinas Transmitting Station, on Mesa Rd. in Bolinas, California, in Marin County, California, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2018.
It was built in 1914. It was taken over by RCA after World War I.
It is one of six Point Reyes sites listed on the National Register in 2018.
It is recognized as a cultural landscape-type resource.
It was photographed by Jet Lowe as part of a "Marconi Radio Sites, Transmitting, Point Reyes Station, Marin County, CA" listing in the Historic American Engineering Record.
See also
Station KPH, Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America, Marshall, California
Marconi–RCA Wireless Receiving Station, Chatham, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Marin County, California
Transport infrastructure completed in 1914
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Telecommunications buildings on the National Register of Historic Places
21st Century Live is a live album by the band Styx released in 2003. The album contains a CD and a DVD.
The tracks on the CD are identical to the tracks released on Styx World: Live 2001 (2001), but are presented in a different order and do not include some tracks included on Styx World: Live 2001. The DVD contains songs from Styx World: Live 2001 and two other previously released albums, Arch Allies: Live at Riverport (2001) and At the River's Edge: Live in St. Louis (2002), which contain songs recorded by Styx at a live performance in St. Louis, Missouri on June 9, 2000. The DVD contains two previously unreleased live recordings from that show, "Kiss Your Ass Goodbye" and "These Are the Times".
Track listing
CD tracks
DVD tracks
Personnel
Tommy Shaw: Vocals, Electric & Acoustic Guitar, Mandolin
James "J.Y." Young: Vocals, Electric & Acoustic Guitar, Keyboards
Lawrence Gowan: Vocals, Keyboards
Glen Burtnik: Vocals, Bass, Electric Guitar
Chuck Panozzo: Bass
Todd Sucherman: Drums
2003 live albums
Styx (band) live albums
2003 video albums
Live video albums
Styx (band) video albums
Sanctuary Records live albums
Sanctuary Records video albums
Marco Blaauw is a Dutch trumpet soloist known for his work in the field of new music and with Cologne-based contemporary music group Ensemble Musikfabrik. He plays a double bell trumpet, an invention that has allowed for numerous new compositions for trumpet, including those by Ernst von Siemens Music Prize winner, Rebecca Saunders. Blaauw is a consistent faculty member at the Darmstadt Summer Course, the Stockhausen Courses Kürten, the Lucerne Festival, and the Chosen Vale International Trumpet Seminar.
Biography
Marco Blaauw was born September 23, 1965 in Lichtenvoorde, the Netherlands, and began playing trumpet at a young age in the local band. As a young student, Blaauw attended the Sweelinck Conservatorium in Amsterdam and later studied with Pierre Thibaud and Markus Stockhausen.
Blaauw has an extensive solo career, particularly in the contemporary, new, and improvised music scenes. He has collaborated on and premiered several pieces for trumpet solo and ensemble and is well known for his work with composer Karlheinz Stockhausen. Marco was also a founding member of contemporary music group Ensemble Musikfabrik in Cologne, Germany, and appears on several recordings with the ensemble.
Blaauw has performed solo with numerous orchestras and new music ensembles, including the Dutch Radio Symphony Orchestra, the National Polish Radio Symphony Orchestra, WDR Symphony Orchestra Cologne, the Deutsche Oper Berlin, Klangforum Wien, London Sinfonietta, and Asko|Schönberg Ensemble. He has also performed at festivals such as Musikfest Berlin, Donaueschinger Musiktage, Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, the Lucerne Festival, and more.
The focus of Marco Blaauw's work is the further development of the trumpet, its technique, and its repertoire. He works in close collaboration both with the established and younger composers of our time, and many works have been written especially for Blaauw or have been inspired by his playing, including Peter Eötvös, Rebecca Saunders, Richard Ayres, Isabel Mundry, Hanna Kulenty, Georg Friedrich Haas, John Zorn, and Wolfgang Rihm.
Double bell trumpet
Marco Blaauw plays a double bell trumpet. The first model was made by Dieter Gaertner in Düren, Germany, with whom Blaauw had previously worked on various C trumpets. This instrument inspired composer Péter Eötvös to write the first piece for the instrument – "Snatches of a Conversation" – which Blaauw premiered and recorded. In the relatively short life of the double bell trumpet, Marco Blaauw has generated a huge amount of new repertoire for the instrument and helped spearhead development of other double bell brass instruments (now used by Ensemble Musikfabrik).
Since the first iteration of the double bell trumpet built by Gaertner, Blaauw has developed a close working relation with Hub van Laar of Van Laar Trumpets and Flugelhorns in Margraten, the Netherlands. Along with B-flat, C, and piccolo trumpets, Van Laar has also made the quarter-tone flugelhorn (notable for its use in Karlheinz Stockhausen's PIETA from DIENSTAG aus LICHT) and the double bell trumpet that Blaauw now plays.
Collaborations and projects
Marco Blaauw worked in close collaboration with German composer Karlheinz Stockhausen for 17 years. Beginning in 1998, Marco Blaauw worked intensely with Karlheinz Stockhausen and premiered solo roles in scenes of the opera cycle LICHT. In August 2008, he presented the premiere of "HARMONIES for trumpet" from KLANG for BBC Radio 3 in the Royal Albert Hall. Blaauw has since performed all major works for trumpet by Stockhausen and can be heard on several recordings of the Stockhausen Verlag (see discography).
In 2015, Blaauw started working with La Monte Young on “the Second Dream of the High Tension Line Stepdown Transformer" for a concert in the Chelsea Dream House, NYC, and went on to perform to critical acclaim in Warsaw, Huddersfield, Paris, Oslo, Amsterdam, Krems, Cologne, and Polling. This project has since grown into the Monochrome Project – an ensemble of 8 trumpet players – which maintains an active schedule of premieres, including works by Anthony Braxton.
Blaauw has also worked in close collaboration with famous German painter Gerhard Richter. Blaauw, with Ensemble Musikfabrik, premiered "Richter's Patterns" by composer Marcus Schmickler at the Kölner Philharmonie in 2016, and Blaauw has continued a close working relationship with the artist since. In 2019, Blaauw played for the premiere of Richter's "Moving Picture 946-3" at the Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto, Japan. The film was created in collaboration with Corinna Belz (filmmaker) with score for solo trumpet and electronics by Rebecca Saunders and has since also been a featured event at Musikfest Berlin 2020.
Recently, Blaauw has been working on the Global Breath project working to record and archive iconographic sounds, as well as connect pioneering trumpet players worldwide. The project will host a conference in March 2021.
Teaching
Marco Blaauw served on the faculty of the Masters aus LICHT program at the Koninklijk Conservatorium in The Hague, the Netherlands from 2017 until 2019. This one-time masters program served to instruct students in the performance of the music of Karlheinz Stockhausen and prepare them to play solo roles in the aus LICHT production of the Dutch National Opera and 2019 Holland Festival.
Marco Blaauw has been a teacher at the Darmstadt Summer Course since 2014 and head of the Brass Academy since 2016. He also currently leads the trumpet class at the Stockhausen Courses Kurten and has served as a faculty member of the Chosen Vale International Trumpet Seminar since 2008. In 2018, Blaauw and the Musikfabrik brass soloists created the Ensemble Musikfabrik Brass Academy, and they have since hosted the course at the Musikfabrik studios every summer with the exception of 2020, when the Academy took place online due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Honors and awards
In 2003 Marco Blaauw was awarded the Orpheus Prize for his performance of Hanna Kulenty's Trumpet Concerto during the Warsaw Autumn Festival. In 2008 he received the Karel de Grote-award from the city of Nijmegen. Blaauw's sixth solo CD, Angels, was awarded the Preis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik 2014. As a composer, Blaauw was awarded the 2016 Karl Sczuka Prize for his first radio play, deathangel. Blaauw also gave the laudation speech in honor of Rebecca Saunders for her Ernst von Siemens Music Prize award.
Discography
As featured artist
2005 Blaauw (BVHAAST)
2006 HOT (BVHAAST)
2008 Improvisation, with Gijsbrecht Roye (World Edition)
2010 Play Robot Dream, with Yannis Kyriakides (Unsounds)
2011 Blue Dog (Wergo)
2014 Angels (Wergo)
Appearances
1993 Arrows in Time, by Rajesh Mehta Collective (New Limits); Performing Rajesh Mehta's Third Kalpa for 4 trumpets
1995 Mauricio Kagel 7: Nah und Fern, by Mauricio Kagel (Montaigne)
1996 Music + Practice, by Ives Ensemble (Donemus); Performing Richard Ayres' No. 5 Untitled for trumpet and piano
1997 Bassetsu-Trio, by Karlheinz Stockhausen (Stockhausen Verlag)
1997 Conquest of Melody, by Marcus Weiss (Hat Hut); Performing Stefan Wolpe's Quartet for trumpet, tenor saxophone, piano and percussion
1999 Madrigale, by Ives Ensemble (Hat Hut); Performing Aldo Clementi's Studi for violin, trumpet and piano
2000 Counterpoise, by Marcus Weiss, Trio Accanto, XASAX (Hat Hut); Performing Wolpe's Quartet & John Carisi's “Counterpoise No 1” for trumpet, baritone sax, percussion and piano
2000 James Tenney Forms 1-4, by musikFabrik (Hat Hut); Performing Stefan Wolpe's Piece for Trumpet and 7 Instruments
2002 Dutch New Music, by Concertzender Live 02 (Muziekgroep Nederland); Performing Christina Viola Oorebeek's Fulgura Frango for trumpet/piccolo/flugel and ensemble
2002 LICHT-BILDER, by Karlheinz Stockhausen (Stockhausen Verlag)
2001 Cornelius Cardew, Chamber Music 1955–1964, by Apartment House (Matchless Recordings); Performing Cornelius Cardew's Three Rhythmic Pieces for Trumpet and Piano
2001 Arcs & Circles – Portrait Concert of Hanna Kulenty, by Hanna Kulenty (Frau Musica); Performing A Sixth Circle for trumpet and piano
2003 Warsaw Autumn 2003, no. 1, by Sinfonia Varsovia under Renato Rivolta; Performing Hanna Kulenty's Trumpet Concerto
2003 ON Turntable Jazz, by Produciehuis Oost Nederland
2003 Michaels Ruf, Quitt, and Trumpetent, by Karlheinz Stockhausen (Stockhausen Verlag)
2004 Hoch-Zeiten, by Karlheinz Stockhausen (Stockhausen Verlag)
2004 Snatches, by Péter Eötvös (BMC); Performing Snatches of a Conversation for double-bell trumpet, speaker and ensemble with Ensemble Musikfabrik
2004 Vision, by Karlheinz Stockhausen (Stockhausen Verlag)
2005 Soundstreams Canada, Performing world première of Hanna Kulenty's Brass No. 1 for double bell trumpet
2005 fiato coninuo 1,2,3,4,5, by Bojidar Spassov (Wergo); Performing Fiato Coninuo IV for trumpet and tape
2007 Dokumentation Wittener Tage für neue Kammermusik 2007, 20. Bis 22. April, by Salome Kammer, Stimme, and WDR Rundfunkchor Köln under Rupert Huber; Performing Isabel Mundry's gesichtet, gesichelt for voice, trumpet and 3 choirs
2007 50th Warsaw Autumn, CD no8, by Various Artists; Performing Yannis Kyriakides' “Dog Song” (Cerberus serenades Orpheus)
2008 Witten 2008 Tage für neue Kammermusik; Performing Rebecca Saunders' Company for 5 soloists
2008 Musik in Deutschland 1955-2000, by Musikfabrik (Deutsche Musikrat); Performing Rebecca Saunders' Behind the Velvet Curtain & Richard Ayres' No 31 noncerto for trumpet and ensemble
2008 Richard Ayres Portrait CD, by Musikfabrik (BMC); Performing Richard Ayres' No 31 and No. 5 Untitled
2008 Stirrings Still, by Musikfabrik (Wergo); Performing Rebecca Saunders' Blaauw for double bell trumpet
2009 Speech Songs, by Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2009 Antichamber, by Yannis Kyriakides; Performing “Dog Song” (Cerberus serenades Orpheus)
2009 Gleichzeit – Eine Musikalische Zeitreise, by Junge Deutsche Philharmonie under Susanna Mälkki; Performing Bernd Alois Zimmermann's Nobody Knows the Trouble I See
2010 Hoffnung und Glanz, by Karlheinz Stockhausen; playing "GLANZ" with members of Ensemble Musikfabrik (Stockhausen Verlag)
2010 Visible Traces; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2010 Treue und Erwachen, by Karlheinz Stockhausen; playing "AWAKENING" with members of Ensemble Musikfabrik (Stockhausen Verlag)
2010 NONcertos and Others, by Richard Ayres; playing "No. 31: NONcerto for Trumpet" with Ensemble Musikfabrik (NMC)
2010 Harmonien und Schönheit, by Karlheinz Stockhausen (Stockhausen Verlag)
2010 Edition Musikfabrik vol. 3 – From Heaven to Hell, with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2010 Edition Musikfabrik vol. 5 – Coronation; playing "Cinnabar" by Rebecca Saunders (Wergo)
2011 Donaueschinger Musiktage 2011; playing "'Séraphin' – Symphonie" by Wolfgang Rihm with Ensemble Musikfabrik (NEOS)
2012 Maria de Alvear – Flores; playing "Flores" with Ensemble Musikfabrik (World Edition)
2013 Michael's Reise um die Erde, by Karlheinz Stockhausen; with Peter Rundel, Nicola Jurgensen, and Ensemble MusikFabrik (Wergo)
2013 Tongue of the Invisible, by Liza Lim; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2014 Malika Kishino – Irisation, playing "Sensitive Chaos" with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2014 Edition Musikfabrik vol. 8 – Graffiti; playing "...Miramondo Multiplo..." by Olga Neuwirth with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2014 György Ligeti – Cello Concerto, Mysteries of the Macabre, Piano Concerto; performing "Mysteries of the Macabre", with PluralEnsemble and Fabian Panisello (NEOS)
2017 Milica Djordjevic; playing "Phosphorescence" (Wergo)
2017 Edition Musikfabrik vol. 12 – Silence; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2018 Edition Musikfabrik vol. 13 – Crossings; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2019 Oxana Omelchuk, with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2019 Substratum, by Sam Hayden; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Nmc)
2019 A Selection of Instrumental Pieces by Czech Composers; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Czech music Information Center)
2019 Edition Musikfabrik vol. 16 – Fall; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Wergo)
2020 Richters Patterns, by Marcus Schmickler; with Ensemble Musikfabrik (Tochnit Aleph)
References
External links
musikFabrik
1965 births
Living people
Dutch trumpeters
People from Lichtenvoorde
Conservatorium van Amsterdam alumni
21st-century trumpeters
Musicians from Oost Gelre
Trumpet Records artists
Dutch contemporary artists
Dutch experimental musicians
Randy Costa (born July 6, 1994) is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Background
Costa began to box in the sixth grade and then got into kickboxing in the eighth grade. He later wrestled for Taunton High School as a junior in the 160-pound weight class. Adding the element of jiu-jitsu, Costa began training for an MMA career during the summer between his junior and senior years at Taunton High. Costa was a student-athlete at Taunton High. He played football as a freshman, sophomore, and junior. Costa was selected as the Defensive Player of The Game following the Tigers' 35-7 Thanksgiving Day win over Coyle-Cassidy in 2010 at Aleixo Stadium.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Starting his professional career in 2018, Costa fought only for the Cage Titans organization, compiling a perfect 4–0 record with all the wins coming via stoppage in the first round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Costa made his UFC debut against Brandon Davis on April 13, 2019 at UFC 236. He lost the fight via a rear-naked choke submission in the second round.
Costa faced Boston Salmon on October 18, 2019 at UFC on ESPN: Reyes vs. Weidman. He won the fight via TKO in the first round.
Costa faced Journey Newson on September 19, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Covington vs. Woodley He won the fight via knockout in round one. This win earned him his first Performance of the Night award.
As the first bout of his new four-fight contract, Costa was expected to face Trevin Jones on March 6, 2021 at UFC 259. However, Costa withdrew from the bout in mid-February citing injury and was replaced by Mario Bautista.
Costa faced Adrian Yanez at UFC on ESPN: Sandhagen vs. Dillashaw on July 24, 2021. Despite a strong first round for Costa, he lost the fight by technical knockout in round two.
Costa faced Tony Kelley on December 11, 2021 at UFC 269. He lost the fight via TKO in the second round.
Costa is scheduled to face Guido Cannetti on October 1, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 211.
Personal life
Costa graduated from Taunton High in the spring of 2012 and then headed to Massasoit Community College in Brockton. He transferred to Bridgewater State University where he majored in political science.
Costa's longtime friend and former training partner, Devin Carrier, died in a car crash in 2016 when Carrier was 21 years old. Costa brings a picture of his friend to weigh-ins.
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center|6–3
| Tony Kelley
| TKO (elbows)
|UFC 269
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|4:15
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|6–2
|Adrian Yanez
|TKO (punches)
|UFC on ESPN: Sandhagen vs. Dillashaw
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:11
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–1
| Journey Newson
| KO (head kick)
| UFC Fight Night: Covington vs. Woodley
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:41
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–1
| Boston Salmon
| TKO (punches)
| UFC on ESPN: Reyes vs. Weidman
|
|align=Center|1
|align=center|2:15
|Boston, Massachusetts, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4–1
| Brandon Davis
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC 236
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:12
|Atlanta, Georgia, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Rob Fuller
| TKO (punches)
| Cage Titans 42
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:42
| Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Chris Thorne
| KO (punches to the body)
| Cage Titans 41
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:11
| Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Kenny Lewis
| KO (head kick)
| Cage Titans 40
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:11
| Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Stacey Anderson
| TKO
| Cage Titans 39
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:46
| Kingston, Massachusetts, United States
|
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
American male mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Bantamweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing kickboxing
People from Taunton, Massachusetts
Mixed martial artists from Massachusetts
Elena Zamura is a journalist from the Republic of Moldova. She is the editor-in-chief of 'Novoie Vremea' weekly.
Awards
Order of the Republic (Moldova) - the highest state distinctions (2009)
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Moldovan journalists
Moldovan women journalists
Writers from Chișinău
Recipients of the Order of the Republic (Moldova)
The Contender Asia (known as The Contender: Kickboxer in the United Kingdom, and The Contender: Muay Thai in the United States) was a reality-based television series that follows 16 Muay Thai middleweight fighters from 12 countries as they compete in a series of outdoor challenges and sanctioned matches. The series is a deviation from the original Contender series, which involved boxing. The winner received US$150,000 and bragging rights as "The Contender Champion".
The program was hosted by Vice President of World Muay Thai Council and former World Champion Stephen Fox (who also serves as the show's main trainer) and Jaymee Ong.
The second season has been announced on its official website. Production will begin in late September 2009 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, with 16 fighters (14 currently revealed) vying for the title and a bigger cash prize, which the producers say as "the highest prize money ever to be paid out in the sport of Muay Thai."
Contestants
1 Currently based in the United Arab Emirates.
2 Currently based in Thailand.
3 Currently based in Thailand.
Episode summary
Episode 1
Original airdate: January 16, 2008
The contestants, handpicked by Fox and his team of trainers, were introduced and brought to their loft where they would be staying during the course of the competition. The fighters were then divided into two groups: Blue Team and Red Team. Fox selected the team captains based on their fight records and characters. The leaders then chose their teammates in a "school yard pick", with John Wayne Parr choosing Yodsanklai first while Sean Wright was chosen last by Rafik Bakkouri.
Blue Team and Red Team were given the names "Wild Boars" and "Tiger Kings" respectively, based on legendary Muay Thai fighters.
During the challenge, Kim stumbled and cost the Tiger Kings a loss.
Challenge: A relay race wherein the contestants ran in pairs bound by ropes.
Challenge winner: WILD BOARS
Match: Naruepol vs. Trevor Smandych
Match winner: Naruepol (by decision)
Eliminated: Trevor Smandych
Episode 2
Original airdate: January 23, 2008
The Tiger Kings were devastated with Trevor Smandych's loss and felt unwell that they did not give him a decent farewell. Meanwhile, the Wild Boars were triumphant with Naruepol declaring that the fight was "easy". Other members began contemplating about the pressure of defeating Thai fighters especially in their national sport, but Rafik Bakkouri stayed firm that he was not afraid of the Thais in and out of the ring.
Challenge: A dragon boat race along Singapore River.
Challenge winner: WILD BOARS
Match: Sean Wright vs. James Martinez
Match winner: Sean Wright (by technical knockout)
Eliminated: James Martinez
Episode 3
Original airdate: January 30, 2008
The Wild Boars celebrated their second consecutive win, while the Tiger Kings were starting to feel angry at their opponents. This anger was channelled on the following training session as Dzahbar Askerov felt offended by the Wild Boars' fits of laughter during a discussion. Dzahbar Askerov and Rafik Bakkouri had a shouting match which resulted in a brawl between the two. The informal fight was broken up by several trainers.
Challenge: A five-man relay race which involved lunges, sit-ups, push-ups, jump rope and carrying a weight in a swimming pool.
Challenge winner: TIGER KINGS
Match: John Wayne Parr vs. Rafik Bakkouri
Match winner: John Wayne Parr (by decision)
Eliminated: Rafik Bakkouri
Episode 4
Original airdate: February 6, 2008
The Tiger Kings were ecstatic as they celebrate the loss of the opposing team's captain Rafik Bakkouri, while John Wayne Parr had his nose stitched. He even quipped that he already had 186 stitches in his face alone and this number might reach 200 sooner than later. Meanwhile, the Wild Boars elected Bruce as their new captain. But the Wild Boars' problems were compounded when David Pacquette, Zidov Dominik, Naruepol, Joakim Karrison, and Alain Sylvestre fell ill. Soren Monkongtong used this as an opportunity to train harder.
Challenge: Retrieve the pieces of a puzzle from inside giant blocks of ice, and put them together to appease the figures of Chinese mythology who were depicted in the masks in Haw Par Villa.
Challenge winner: TIGER KINGS
Match: Yodsaenklai vs. Bruce Macfie
Match winner: Yodsaenklai (by decision)
Eliminated: Bruce Macfie
Episode 5
Original airdate: February 13, 2008
The Tiger Kings once again were elated at their win, finally evening the fight at 2-2. In a show of sportsmanship, even the Wild Boars congratulated Yodsaenklai for his victory. Later, when David Pacquette saw that the food Alain Sylvestre was eating was not very appetizing, he explained to David Pacquette that he had to eat this way because he has Crohn's disease. After training, the Wild Boars once again elected for a new captain, this time giving the helm to David Pacquette. He, meanwhile, had reservations because of his new "jinxed" role, considering his predecessors were both eliminated.
Challenge: A truck pull tug-of-war.
Challenge winner: TIGER KINGS
Match: Soren Monkongtong vs. Alain Sylvestre
Match winner: Soren Monkongtong (by technical knockout – referee stopped contest)
Eliminated: Alain Sylvestre
Episode 6
Original airdate: February 20, 2008
The Tiger Kings had tipped the scales in their favor securing yet another win for them. The gloomy Wild Boars were encouraged by the newest captain to work even harder in the challenge to gain the opportunity to tip the scales back in their favor. At the Courts Megastore challenge, the Tiger Kings defeated the Wild Boars again by barely mere second. The triumphant Tiger Kings were juxtaposed with the frustrated Wild Boars over losing the opportunity to choose for the fourth time in a row. For their reward, the Tiger Kings won another shopping spree in Courts Megastore.
During deliberation, John Wayne believed that Dzhabar should fight David and eliminate the strongest competition from their team. During the match, tempers flew as they fought each other viciously. Blood spilled from both men though Dzhabar devalued himself by succumbing to dirty tactics in the ring that lost him two points. Despite this, it was a close fight between the two men with the score being 96-95. Finally it was announced that Dzhabar had succeeded David.
Challenge: A box-by-box unload off a dolly in Courts Megastore.
Challenge winner: TIGER KINGS
Match: Dzhabar Askerov vs. David Pacquette
Match winner: Dzhabar Askerov (by decision)
Eliminated: David Pacquette
Episode 7
Original airdate: February 27, 2008
Challenge: One-by-one swim in the water to retrieve a plaque, come back on land and destroy a watermelon using the action on the plaque; namely kicking and punching.
Challenge winner: WILD BOARS
Match: Zidov "Akuma" Dominik vs. Kim Khan Zaki "Zig Zach"
Match winner: Zidov "Akuma" Dominik (by technical knockout-Dislocated shoulder from previous injury occurred during a challenge)
Eliminated: Kim Khan Zaki "Zig Zach"
Episode 8
Original airdate: March 5, 2008
Challenge: Complete a high ropes course six levels above the ground, there were four sections; each team member would complete one section; start at the beginning of the course, complete their section and tag their team member at the end who would then start his course.
Challenge winner: TIGER KINGS
Match: Jose "Pitu" Sans vs. Joakim "Yukay" Karlsson
Match winner: Joakim "Yukay" Karlsson (by knockout)
Eliminated: Jose "Pitu" Sans
Episode 9
Original airdate: March 12, 2008
For the rest of the episodes, no more teams, team captains, team challenges, and for the elimination fight, the fate was with the Chinese Drawers, where each fighter would have to pull one drawer. If it's empty, the fighter would not have to fight the elimination fight. If it's occupied with an amulet, the fighter would have to fight. If the amulet is red, the fighter would have to fight in the red side. Same thing for the blue side.
Match: Yodsaenklai vs. Naruepol
Match winner: Yodsaenklai (by knockout)
Eliminated: Naruepol
Episode 10
Original airdate: March 19, 2008
Match: Sean Wright vs. Joakim "Yukay" Karlsson
Match winner: Sean Wright (by technical knockout)
Eliminated: Joakim "Yukay" Karlsson
Episode 11
Original airdate: March 26, 2008
Match: John Wayne Parr vs. Zidov "Akuma" Dominik
Match winner: John Wayne Parr (By Knockout)
Eliminated: Zidov "Akuma" Dominik
Episode 12
Original airdate: April 2, 2008
Match: Soren Monkongtong vs. Dzhabar Askerov
Match winner: Dzhabar Askerov (by knockout)
Eliminated: Soren Monkongtong
Episode 13
Original airdate: April 9, 2008
Match: Yodsaenklai vs. Sean Wright
Match winner: Yodsaenklai (by knockout)
Eliminated: Sean Wright
Episode 14
Original airdate: April 16, 2008
Match: John Wayne Parr vs. Dzhabar Askerov
Match winner: John Wayne Parr (by decision)
Eliminated: Dzhabar Askerov
Episode 15(Finale)
Original airdate: April 23, 2008
Match: Yodsaenklai vs. John Wayne Parr
Match winner: Yodsaenklai (by decision)
Eliminated: John Wayne Parr
Co-Commentators -"The Voice" Michael Schiavello & Mark " The Hammer"Castagnini
Emcee for the Final -Perry Cale -Australia
Elimination summary
Challenge and match winner
Challenge loser and match winner
Match winner
Challenge winners
Match loser
Challenge winner and match loser
Challenge and match loser
International Broadcast
References
External links
2008 Singaporean television seasons
Asia
Kickboxing television series
2008 Singaporean television series debuts
2008 Singaporean television series endings
Muay Thai television series
Hotel Europe is a six-story heritage building located at 43 Powell Street (at Alexander) in the Gastown area of Vancouver, British Columbia. The building was commissioned by hotelier Angelo Calori and built in 1908-1909 by Parr and Fee Architects. Situated on a triangular lot, the building is designed in the flatiron style. It was the first reinforced concrete structure to be built in Canada and the earliest fireproof hotel in Western Canada. Contractors had to be brought in from Cincinnati, Ohio for the necessary expertise; the Ferro-Concrete Construction Company began this project six years after constructing the first tall concrete building in the world.
With funding from the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation, the building was renovated in 1983 as affordable housing with A. Ingre and Associates as the project designers. The residential units are now managed by the Affordable Housing Society. A beer parlour formerly existed below the ground floor, which included areaways extending underneath the above sidewalks. To prevent a cave-in from the weight of pedestrians and above ground traffic, the City of Vancouver filled the areaway in with pea gravel at a cost of $215,000, which presumably can be easily removed in the event of future restoration.
The Hotel Europe was one of the filming locations for the suspense movie The Changeling. In it, the building houses the Seattle Historical Society, but the hotel sign can be seen on the right side facade of the building in some takes. Some scenes are set on its roof terrace. Hotel Europe was also a filming location in the 1994 epic drama film Legends of the Fall. It is also one of the locations for the music video Likey from the Korean female group twice. It also appeared in the 1984 film The NeverEnding Story, as well as its 1990 sequel The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter. The exterior is also briefly shown in the 2007 family comedy film Are We Done Yet?, as Ice Cube carries out a cardboard standee of Magic Johnson.
References
Gallery
Hotels in Vancouver
Tourism in Vancouver
Heritage hotels
Hotels established in 1909
Hotel buildings completed in 1909
Defunct hotels in Canada
In common law jurisdictions, a personal representative or legal personal representative is a person appointed by a court to administer the estate of another person. If the estate being administered is that of a deceased person, the personal representative is either an executor if the deceased person left a will or an administrator of an intestate estate. In other situations, the personal representative may be a guardian or trustee, or other position. As a fiduciary, a personal representative has the duties of loyalty, candor or honesty, and good faith. In the United States, punctilio of honor, or the highest standard of honor, is the level of scrupulousness that a fiduciary must abide by.
In either case of a deceased estate, a probate court of competent jurisdiction issues a finding of fact, including that a will has or has not been filed, and that an executor or administrator has been appointed. These are often referred to as "letters testamentary", "letters of administration" or "letters of representation", as the case may be. These documents, with the appropriate death certificate, are often the only license a person needs to do the banking, stock trading, real estate transactions, and other actions necessary to marshal and dispose of the deceased's estate in the name of the estate itself.
Types
There are a number of types of personal representatives, including:
Administrator
Administrator de bonis non - one acting without complete authority
Alternate executor
Ancillary administrator
Conservator
Executor or executrix (term for females)
Legal guardian
Overseer - an assistant to an executor, now mostly obsolete
Public administrator
U.S. Department of Defense
In the U.S., the Office for the Administrative Review of the Detention of Enemy Combatants appointed a Personal Representative (CSRT) to meet with each captive who was still being held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba, in August 2004, when the Supreme Court forced the Department of Defense to start convening Combatant Status Review Tribunals. Such a personal representative is more like a guardian ad litem.
References
Bibliography
Inheritance
Common law
Legal terminology
Jakub Illéš (born 15 December 1995) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre playing for HC Dukla Jihlava of the Chance Liga.
Illéš previously played 35 games for HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga between 2015 and 2017. On 24 May 2019, Illéš moved to Aigles de Nice of the Ligue Magnus in France. He would leave the team in December however after 18 games without scoring a goal and returned to the Czech Republic with HC Dukla Jihlava of the Chance Liga.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Les Aigles de Nice players
Czech ice hockey centres
HC Dukla Jihlava players
AZ Havířov players
LHK Jestřábi Prostějov players
HC RT Torax Poruba players
Hokej Šumperk 2003 players
Sportspeople from Ostrava
VHK Vsetín players
HC Vítkovice players
Czech expatriate sportspeople in France
Gondia (also spelled Gondiya) is a city and municipal council in the Indian state of Maharashtra which serves the administrative headquarters of the eponymous administrative district. Gondia is also known as Rice City due to the abundance of rice mills in the area. Tirora (33km) is only nearby city to Gondia. Gondia Airport is only airport in district.
History
The region is named after the Gondi people, an Adivasi group in central India.
During British rule in India, the Great Famine of 1876–78 provided an opportunity for the construction of a metre-gauge rail link called the Nagpur Chhattisgarh Railway, connecting Nagpur with Rajnandgaon. Gondia railway station was created when this line began operation in December 1888. Bengal Nagpur Railway (BNR) was formed in 1887 to upgrade and extend this line, and in 1902 BNR was contracted to provide a railway line from Gondia to Jabalpur with branches from Nainpur to Mandla as well as Nainpur to Seoni and Chhindwara. With these links and the commerce they brought, Gondia grew and prospered.
Geography
Climate
Location
Gondia is very close to the state of Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and is considered the gateway to Maharashtra from central and eastern India. Tirora is only nearby city. Gondia municipal council was established in 1920. At that time Gondia had only 10 wards population up to 20,000 and an area of 7.5 km2. Gondia has 42 wards, as well as population nearing up to 2 lakhs. The urbanization has crossed municipal limits merging into nearby villages like Kudwa, Katangi, Fulchur, Nagra, Karanja, Murri, Pindkepar, and Khamari. The Ministry of Urban Development has recently announced to merge 20 nearby villages into Gondia to give the city status of Municipal Corporation. It is connected with National Highway 543 and 753.
Economy
The city has a large number of rice mills.
Transportation
Road
The Mumbai–Nagpur–Kolkata Road is the only national highway passing through the district, covering a total distance of 99.37 km (62 mi). Gondia is situated about 170 km by road from Nagpur of Vidarbha region. The district has road links to adjoining districts Chandrapur, Bhandara, Nagpur. The city is well connected by roads. It takes around 4 hours journey from Nagpur by State Transport Bus to reach Gondia. Gondia has bus connectivity to Jabalpur, Nagpur, Raipur and Hyderabad.
Rail
Gondia Junction railway station is a junction in Maharashtra, with heavy passenger and goods traffic. It is an A-Grade station.
It lies on the Howrah–Mumbai route. The station has seven platforms, each with potable water, tea stalls, benches and waiting sheds. There is also a fruit stall and a bookstall. The station is equipped with air-conditioned waiting rooms for passengers travelling by upper accommodation classes and a waiting hall for passengers travelling by lower accommodation classes.
The Gondia–Jabalpur Junction (Madhya Pradesh) section of South East Central Railway runs north–south, along the valley of the Wainganga River. The line was formerly narrow gauge (762 mm [2 ft 6 in]) along its entire length, but the section between Gondia and Balaghat was converted to broad gauge in 2005–2006, connecting Balaghat to India's national broad-gauge network. Work is completed to convert the Balaghat–Jabalpur section to broad gauge as well.
Railway milestones for Gondia include:
1888 – Gondia Railway Station was opened to the public.
1901 – Satpura Express began first class service.
1903 – The first portion of Gondia–Nainpur was opened.
1905 – Nainpur–Gondia line was extended to Jabalpur.
1908 – Gondia–Nagbhir–Nagpur line was opened for traffic. Mr. Manson was an agent of BNR at that time.
1990-91 – Paniajob–Gondia and Gondia–Bhandara Road sections were electrified.
1999 – Gauge-converted Gondia–Balharshah line opened.
2005 – Gauge-converted Gondia–Balaghat section opened.
Airport
Gondia Airport is situated near Kamtha village, from Gondia. This airstrip was built by the British in 1940, during World War II. Initially run by the Public Works Department, it was taken over by the state-owned Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) from August 1998 to December 2005, after which it has been operated by the Airports Authority of India (AAI). The airport's runway has been extended to to accommodate Airbus A-320, Boeing 737 and similar aircraft.
References
Cities and towns in Gondia district
Talukas in Maharashtra
Cities in Maharashtra
10th SLGFCA Awards
December 20, 2015
Best Film:
Spotlight
Best Director:
Tom McCarthySpotlight
The nominees for the 12th St. Louis Film Critics Association Awards were announced on December 13, 2015.
Winners, runners-up and nominees
Best Film
Spotlight
Runner-up: Inside Out
Mad Max: Fury Road
The Revenant
Room
Best Actor
Leonardo DiCaprio – The Revenant
Runner-up: Ian McKellen – Mr. Holmes
Abraham Attah – Beasts of No Nation
Matt Damon – The Martian
Eddie Redmayne – The Danish Girl
Best Supporting Actor
Sylvester Stallone – Creed
Runner-up: Mark Rylance – Bridge of Spies
Paul Dano – Love & Mercy
Idris Elba – Beasts of No Nation
Mark Ruffalo – Spotlight
Best Original Screenplay
Spotlight – Tom McCarthy and Josh Singer Runner-up: Ex Machina – Alex Garland Clouds of Sils Maria – Olivier Assayas
The Hateful Eight – Quentin Tarantino
Inside Out – Pete Docter, Meg LeFauve, and Josh Cooley
Best Cinematography
The Revenant – Emmanuel Lubezki Runner-up: Carol – Edward Lachman Beasts of No Nation – Cary Fukunaga
The Hateful Eight – Robert Richardson
Mad Max: Fury Road – John Seale
Best Editing
Mad Max: Fury Road – Margaret Sixel Runner-up: The Revenant – Stephen Mirrione The Big Short – Hank Corwin
The Martian – Pietro Scalia
Spotlight – Tom McArdle
Best Music
Ennio Morricone – The Hateful Eight
Runner-up: Michael Giacchino – Inside Out
Carter Burwell – Carol
Disasterpeace – It Follows
Junkie XL – Mad Max: Fury Road
Best Art Direction
Mad Max: Fury Road
Runner-up (tie): Brooklyn, Carol, and The Danish Girl
Cinderella
Best Foreign Language Film
Goodnight Mommy • Austria Runner-up Son of Saul • Hungary The Assassin • Taiwan
Phoenix • Germany
Wild Tales • Argentina
Best Animated Feature
Inside Out
Runner-up: Anomalisa
The Good Dinosaur
The Peanuts Movie
Shaun the Sheep Movie
Best Scene
(favorite movie scene or sequence)
The Revenant: Hugh mauled by a grizzly Runner-up: The Walk: The walk between the Twin Towers Creed: Creed's first fight.
Furious 7: The farewell scene between Vin Diesel and Paul Walker.
Room: Jack's escape and rescue.
Best Director
Tom McCarthy – Spotlight
Runner-up: George Miller – Mad Max: Fury Road
Todd Haynes – Carol
Alejandro G. Iñárritu – The Revenant
Ridley Scott – The Martian
Best Actress
Brie Larson – Room
Runner-up: Saoirse Ronan – Brooklyn
Cate Blanchett – Carol
Charlize Theron – Mad Max: Fury Road
Alicia Vikander – The Danish Girl
Best Supporting Actress
Alicia Vikander – Ex Machina
Runner-up (tie): Kristen Stewart – Clouds of Sils Maria and Rooney Mara – Carol
Jennifer Jason Leigh – The Hateful Eight
Kate Winslet – Steve Jobs
Best Adapted Screenplay
The Martian – Drew Goddard Runner-up: Brooklyn – Nick Hornby Creed – Ryan Coogler and Aaron Covington
Room – Emma Donoghue
Steve Jobs – Aaron Sorkin
Best Visual Effects
Mad Max: Fury Road
Runner-up: The Walk
Ex Machina
The Martian
The Revenant
Best Song
"Writing's on the Wall" – Spectre
Runner-up: "See You Again" – Furious 7
"Feels Like Summer" – Shaun the Sheep Movie
"Til It Happens to You" – The Hunting Ground
"Simple Song #3" – Youth
Best Soundtrack
Love & Mercy
Runner-up: Straight Outta Compton
Amy
Dope
The Martian
Best Documentary Film
Amy
Runner-up: The Look of Silence
Best of Enemies
Cartel Land
The Hunting Ground
Best Comedy
Trainwreck
Runner-up: Me and Earl and the Dying Girl
Inside Out
Spy
What We Do in the Shadows
Worst Film
Fantastic Four
Runner-up: Aloha
The Boy Next Door
Jem and the Holograms
Jupiter Ascending
Mortdecai
Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2
The Ridiculous 6
Stonewall
Strange Magic
SPECIAL RECOGNITION: The stunt work on Mad Max: Fury Road.
References
External links
Official website
2015
2015 film awards
2015 in Missouri
St Louis
Parliamentary elections were held in Latvia on 6 October 2018. Following the elections, a coalition government was formed by Who owns the state?, the New Conservative Party, Development/For!, the National Alliance and New Unity. Despite being from the smallest elected party, Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš of New Unity was chosen as Prime Minister.
Background
The 2014 elections saw Social Democratic Party "Harmony" emerge as the largest party. Although the largest party, Harmony has not participated in the government. A coalition was formed by Unity, the Union of Greens and Farmers and the National Alliance with Laimdota Straujuma as Prime Minister. On 7 December 2015 she resigned after increasing tensions within the ruling coalition. Following her resignation and several scandals around the Unity leader Solvita Āboltiņa, opinion polls showed a rapid decrease of support for Unity. On 13 January 2016 Māris Kučinskis of the Union of Greens and Farmers was nominated to be the next Prime Minister by President Raimonds Vējonis. His government was approved by the Saeima on 11 February.
Electoral system
The 100 members of the Saeima are elected by open list proportional representation from five multi-member constituencies (Kurzeme, Latgale, Riga (in which overseas votes are counted), Vidzeme and Zemgale) between 13 and 32 seats in size. Seats are allocated using the Sainte-Laguë method with a national electoral threshold of 5%.
Electoral alliances
The Movement For!, Latvian Development and Growth parties contested the election as the Development/For! alliance, formed on 20 April 2018.
The Social Democratic Workers' Party, the Christian Democratic Union and contested the election as the SKG Alliance electoral list, the memorandum of which was signed by the leaders of the parties on 28 March 2018.
The long-standing alliance of the Latvian Farmers' Union and the Green Party (in cooperation with the regional For Latvia and Ventspils and Liepāja Party) continued.
Unity formed an association in April 2018 with several regional parties under the New Unity alliance. The involved parties are the Kuldīga County Party, For Valmiera and Vidzeme and parties, joined by the Jēkabpils Regional Party. The Latgale Party, after a period of consideration, joined the alliance in July, although its Daugavpils chapter allied itself with The Progressives. The Progressives and Movement For! declined invitations to join the list.
Disqualifications
The Central Election Commission of Latvia used its powers to remove eight candidates from submitted lists. It did so after receiving notification from the Interior Ministry that the individuals in question were disqualified from election to the Saeima under the country's election law. The eight candidates were Aivars Zablockis and Nikolajs Žeļezņakovs (Eurosceptic Action Party), Zigfrīds Laicāns and Valdis Taupmanis (For Alternative), Edgars Krūmiņš (Latvian Association of Regions), Katrīna Brandala (The Progressives), Aivars Silinieks (Latvian Centrist Party) and Tatjana Ždanoka (Latvian Russian Union). Ždanoka has been barred in the past as Latvian courts have found that she was a member of the Communist Party of Latvia after 31 January 1991, making her ineligible. The Election Commission additionally sought information from the Security Police and the Constitution Protection Bureau to confirm her ineligibility.
Prime Minister candidates
Leading candidate by constituency
Other parties
United for Latvia – on 17 May 2018 party leader Inese Muhamberga announced that the party will not run in the elections.
Latvian Socialist Party – has not submitted a separate electoral list, instead urging "Latvian workers" to "vote politically bankrupt politicians out of office". Its alliance with Harmony was dissolved in 2014, although some of its members or supporters have continued to run as candidates from Harmony.
Opinion polls
Graphical summary
Results
Aftermath
Political leaders met on 18 October with the president Raimonds Vējonis. Although they failed to agree on a name for a Prime Minister, they reiterated their intention to form a coalition government and to exclude Harmony from any coalition, even if it required forming a coalition of five or six parties.
On 7 November 2018, Latvian President Raimonds Vējonis asked Bordāns to form a new coalition government and serve as the next Prime Minister of Latvia. Bordāns intended to form a five-party majority coalition, and he announced that his coalition will not include ZZS, a political alliance led by a Latvian oligarch Aivars Lembergs. However, other political parties wished to cooperate also with ZZS. Consequently, Bordāns did not reach an agreement with the coalition partners, and informed the President that he is unable to form the cabinet.
On 14 November 2018, Development/For!, National Alliance and New Unity pulled out of coalition talks with the New Conservative Party and KPV LV, making a five-way centre-right coalition government infeasible.
After Jānis Bordāns was unsuccessful in negotiating a governing coalition, President Raimonds Vējonis nominated Gobzems as Prime Minister of Latvia on November 26, 2018 and gave him two weeks to form a government. A week later, he proposed a coalition that would consist of his Who Owns the State? party along with the New Conservative Party, the National Alliance, the Union of Greens and Farmers, and New Unity, despite the conservatives' objection to the Greens and Farmers' inclusion in government. Fellow Who Owns the State? party leader Artuss Kaimiņš also opposed the inclusion of the Greens and Farmers, leading to a breakdown in talks later in the week. Gobzems then retracted his proposal for the coalition and instead called for a non-partisan cabinet of unnamed "best of the best" industry professionals, a proposal that was nearly immediately rejected by the conservatives, the nationalists, and New Unity on the grounds that it could increase the influence of the Harmony party. Although he had initially called on the president to hold early elections if his proposal were to be rejected, Gobzems instead offered a new four-party coalition that would not include the Union of Greens and Farmers. The president revoked Gobzems' nomination on December 10, 2018.
In December it was announced that coalition talks would continue into January.
On 7 January 2019, Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš was tasked by Latvian President Raimonds Vējonis with forming the next government, following the failures of previous nominees Bordans and Gobzems in a contentious negotiation process. Kariņš took office as prime minister on 23 January 2019, leading a broad centre-right coalition of five conservative and liberal parties that includes KPV LV, New Conservative Party, Development/For!, National Alliance and New Unity.
References
Latvia
Parliamentary elections in Latvia
2018 in Latvia
Latvia
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1994:.
1994
See also
1994 in Hong Kong
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1994 at HKcinemamagic.com
1994
Hong Kong
1994 in Hong Kong
Bill Durst is a Canadian blues artist. He was one of the founding members of the band Thundermug. Since 1983, he has also released several solo albums.
History
Bill Durst, based on London, Ontario, Canada, co-founded the band Thundermug in 1970. The band existed from 1970 to 1976 and again from 1991 to 2001, releasing five albums and two Top 40 Canadian singles. Thundermug went on hiatus in 1976, after releasing three albums. During this hiatus period, Durst joined a ZZ Top tribute band called Tres Hombres. He was later was a member of The Brains, a band that released one album in 1980 through Falcon Records. In 1983, Durst released a solo album, Call Billy, through Passport Records His second solo album, Father Earth, was released exclusively on cassette in 1989 through independent label Cottage Records.
Thundermug reunited in 1991, but split up again in 2001. The Thundermug name was formally retired in 2000, and the band continued for a period thereafter as Big on Venus. During the 1991–2001 period, two further albums were released by the band, featuring Durst, which resulted in three charting singles. Both during this period of band reformation and following the final breakup of the band, Durst continued his solo career. In 2005, he released The Wharncliffe Sessions independently through his label Durstwerks. In 2006, as a member of Thundermug, Durst was inducted into the London Music Hall of Fame. In 2009 and 2012, Durst released The Great Willy Mammoth and Bill Durst Live, respectively. In 2012, Durst won the London Music Award for most popular blues/R&B artist. In 2013, Durst was a featured performer at the Montreal International Jazz Festival. In 2014, Durst received the Jack Richardson Music Award for best blues/R&B performer.
Discography
Solo
Call Billy (1983)
Father Earth (1989)
The Wharncliffe Sessions (2005)
The Great Willy Mammoth (2009)
Bill Durst Live (2012)
Hard And Heavy (2013)
Good Good Lovin (2015)
With Thundermug
Thundermug Strikes (1972)
Orbit (1973)
Ta-Daa (1974)
Who's Running My World (1995)
Bang The Love Drum (1997)
With The Brains
Audio Extremo (1980)
References
Canadian blues singers
Canadian blues guitarists
Canadian rock musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Musicians from London, Ontario
Living people
District 12 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Lane County. The current representative for the district is Democrat John Lively of Springfield.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Lane County, Oregon
The Rover P5 series is a group of large saloon and coupé automobiles that were produced by Rover from 1958 until 1973. The models were marketed under the names Rover 3 Litre, Rover 3.5 Litre and Rover 3½ Litre.
The P5 was a larger car than the P4 which in some respects it replaced. 69,141 units were built.
A major step ahead for Rover came with the P5 model of 1958, a large luxury saloon with a 3-litre version of Rover's six-cylinder Inlet Over Exhaust (IOE) engine carried forward from the Rover P4 series.
It was the first Rover car with unitary bodywork, styled by David Bache. This model combined elegance with dignity, and had a traditionally well-appointed interior. Later developments of the P5 included the more rakish coupe with a lowered roofline, and the 3.5 litre V8 model of 1967 which for the first time used an all-aluminium V8 engine design purchased from the Buick Motor Division of General Motors Corporation in the United States. The 3- and 3.5-litre models became favourites for transport of dignitaries, including British Prime Ministers from Harold Wilson to Margaret Thatcher. HM The Queen also used several Rover P5 cars for her private motoring.
Mark I
The P5 appeared in September 1958, badged as the "3-litre". It was powered by a engine. This straight-6 IOE engine used an overhead intake valve and side exhaust valve, an unusual arrangement inherited from the Rover P4. In this form, output of was claimed. An automatic transmission, overdrive on the manual, and Burman power steering were optional, with overdrive becoming standard from May 1960.
Stopping power came originally from a Girling brake system that employed drums all round, but this was a heavy car and by the time of the London Motor Show in October 1959 Girling front power disc brakes were fitted.
The suspension was independent at the front using wishbones and torsion bars and at the rear had a live axle with semi-elliptic leaf springs.
A Mark I-A line, introduced in September 1961, featured a minor restyle with added front quarter windows, intended to "assist the dashboard ventilation". Under the metal, the 1A featured modifications to the engine mountings and the automatic transmission and hydrosteer variable ratio power steering as an option.
By 1962, when production of the original Mark I series ended, 20,963 had been produced.
An automatic version tested by The Motor magazine in 1960 had a top speed of and could accelerate from in 17.1 seconds. A fuel consumption of was recorded. The test car cost £1,864 including taxes.
Mark II
The Mark II version of the P5 was introduced in 1962. It featured more power, , from the same 3-litre engine and an improved suspension, while dropping the glass wind deflectors from the top of the window openings which also, on the front doors, now featured "quarterlight" windows.
The most notable addition to the range was the option of the Coupé body style launched in autumn 1962. Unlike most coupés, which tend to be two-door versions of four-door saloons, this retained the four doors and was of the same width and length as the saloon, but featured a roofline lowered by along with thinner b-pillars, giving it the look of a hardtop. Hydrosteer power-assisted steering was standard on the coupé and optional on the saloon.
Production of the Mark II ended in 1965, by which time 5,482 coupés and 15,676 saloons had been produced.
Mark III
The Mark III was presented at the London Motor Show in October 1965, described at the time as "even more luxuriously trimmed and furnished". It was again available in two 4-door body styles, coupé and saloon. The Mark III used the same engine as its predecessor, but it now produced . Externally it could be distinguished by the full-length trim strip along the body and Mark III badging; internally, it replaced the rear bench seat with two individually moulded rear seats, making it more comfortable to ride in for four occupants but less so for five.
A total of 3,919 saloons and 2,501 coupés had been sold by the time production ended in 1967.
P5B
The final iteration of the P5 appeared in September 1967. Now powered by the Rover V8 engine also used in the 3500, the car was badged as the "3.5 Litre", and commonly known as the 3½ Litre. The final letter in the "P5B" model name came from Buick, the engine's originator. Rover did not have the budget to develop a new engine, hence they chose to redevelop the lightweight aluminium Buick engine, making it considerably stronger. While this added some weight, it still maintained the engine's light and compact features. The Borg Warner Type-35 automatic transmission, hydrosteer variable ratio power steering and front Lucas fog lights were now standard.
Output of was claimed along with improved torque. When introduced in 1967 the Buick-designed V8 produced at 5,200 rpm and of torque at 2,600 rpm. The greater power of the engine, along with its lower weight, provided improved performance as well as fuel economy.
The exterior was mostly unchanged, apart from bold "3.5 Litre" badging, a pair of fog lights which were added below the headlights, creating a striking four-light array, and the fitting of chrome Rostyle wheels with black painted inserts. The P5B existed as both the 4-door coupé and saloon body style until end of production. Production ended in 1973, by when 9,099 coupés and 11,501 saloons had been built.
The 3½ Litre saloon variant was a favourite of high-ranking government ministers, and served as Prime Ministerial transport for Harold Wilson, Edward Heath, James Callaghan, and Margaret Thatcher. As testament to their suitability, the last batch of P5Bs to roll off the Rover line in June 1973 was purchased by the British government and placed in storage, to be released for government use as required. For that reason, registered relatively new-looking P5s were therefore still familiar sights in Westminster for more than a decade after production had ended.
When Margaret Thatcher entered Downing Street in 1979 after her election victory, she was driven in a 1972 model. It was during Thatcher's eleven-year tenure that the P5 was eventually phased out as a Prime-Ministerial car, in favour of the Jaguar XJ.
Queen Elizabeth II also owned an Arden Green Rover P5B Saloon "JGY 280", which is on display at the Heritage Motor Centre, Gaydon, Warwickshire and was seen in the 18 May 2003 episode of BBC motoring show Top Gear.
Motorsport
The Rover P5 is sturdy enough to be a popular choice for banger racing.
A Rover P5 3-litre was the seventh of the "Magnificent Seven" finishers in the 1963 Safari Rally. One humorous theory is that the car was so heavy that it sank through the mud until it found bedrock.
Royal P5 and P5Bs
In some respects it is difficult to establish exactly how many Rover P5s Queen Elizabeth II had because she had arranged to carry forward her personal number plates JGY 280 on most of her private cars, with the exception of her last P5B which was JGY 280K.
In February 1961 the Queen took delivery of her first Rover P5 3 litre Mk 1 which was registered JGY 280 and finished in dark green. In May 1961 Her Majesty the Queen Mother took delivery of a similar 3 litre cars registered VUL 4. Neither car was obviously different from standard specification, although VUL 4 did carry a discreet identifying lamp at the base of its roof mounted radio aerial and was illuminated when in use by a member of the Royal family. This was to allow the police on point duty to quickly identify and usher the Royal Rover through the traffic.
In 1963 Her Majesty took delivery of the first of two 3 Litre Mk 2 cars, the first carrying forward the personal number plate JGY 280 with the second Mk 2 being built rather later, finished in Pine Green, and registered 155 HYU. This was an additional car, not a replacement, and delivered to the Royal Estate at Sandringham and is still housed in the Royal Mews and is on display for visitors to see, among other Royal vehicles.
It is clear that Her Majesty the Queen had considered the Rover P5 her favourite car during the 1960s and when the 3-litre models were no longer available, she took delivery of her first P5B replacement. Rover records suggest that just two P5Bs were delivered for Her Majesty's personal use and both were saloons, although other P5Bs were undoubtedly used by the Royal Household more generally.
The first of these two cars was VIN 84007057D, which was finished in a special dark green (Recorded as T&N Dark Green) which she specifically requested and it was delivered towards the end of January 1971 with the registration number JGY 280.
Her Majesty's second car was also in the T&N Dark Green and was VIN 84100723D – the last P5B manufactured in 1973 but not delivered to the Queen until March 1974, as it had a number of modifications as a consequence of the Irish troubles. The Queen appears to have wanted to retain her private registration JGY 280 which had been on all of her earlier Rovers, but in fact the car was given the contemporary number of JGY 280K – presumably because that was less conspicuous for a car which Her Majesty used to drive unaccompanied on public roads. Both cars are still owned by Her Majesty and are retained at the Gaydon Motor Heritage Museum.
References
P5
Luxury vehicles
1960s cars
1970s cars
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Sedans
Coupés
Cars introduced in 1958
Lara González Ortega (born 22 February 1992) is a Spanish handball player for ESBF Besançon and the Spanish national team.
In 2012, she was competing for Spain during the Women's Junior World Championship.
Honours
Champion of the French Championship of first division (D1F) in 2013 and 2014 (Metz)
References
External links
Data on the French League website
Living people
Spanish female handball players
1992 births
Expatriate handball players
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in France
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Handball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic handball players of Spain
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Spain
Siófok KC players
People from Baix Vinalopó
Sportspeople from the Province of Alicante
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
is a Japanese music unit which is signed to Sacra Music. It consists of vocalist Mia, whose music videos and promotional images are illustrated by various artists. The unit began activities in 2015 when it uploaded its first song "Day Break" on YouTube, before making its major debut in 2016. Their music has been featured in anime television series such as Kiznaiver, Interviews with Monster Girls, Re:Creators, Slow Start, and The Honor Student at Magic High School. In addition to producing music, Mia also writes novels, with some of the unit's songs being based on her novels.
History
The unit began its activities in 2015 when vocalist Mia uploaded a song titled "Day Break" on YouTube. The song was produced by the internet musician Scop, and quickly gained attention. During this time, their videos and songs featured illustrations by artist Natsu Asami.
In 2016, the unit made its major debut with the release of the single , the title track of which was used as the ending theme to the anime television series Kiznaiver. Their second single was released in December of the same year. Their third single was released in February 2017; the title track was used as the ending theme to the anime television series Interviews with Monster Girls. Their first album was released on March 8, 2017.
The unit's fourth single, , was released on August 30, 2017; the title track was used as an ending theme to the anime television series Re:Creators. Their fifth single, was released on March 7, 2018; "Kaze no Koe o Kikinagara" was used as the ending theme to the anime television series Slow Start. Their sixth single was released on November 21, 2018; the title track was used as the opening theme to the anime television series As Miss Beelzebub Likes. Their second album, was released on November 21, 2018.
The unit released its third album on September 30, 2020. They released their seventh single on July 21, 2021; "101" was used as the opening theme to the anime television series The Honor Student at Magic High School.
In addition to producing music, the unit also writes novels. Some of their songs, such as , have received novelizations. In 2018, vocalist Mia began writing novels; since then, some of the unit's songs have been based on her novels.
Discography
Singles
(Release date: June 1, 2016)
(Release date: December 14, 2016)
(Release date: February 1, 2017)
(Release date: August 30, 2017)
(Release date: March 7, 2018)
(Release date: July 21, 2021)
Albums
(Release date: March 8, 2018)
(Release date: November 21, 2018)
(Release date: September 30, 2020)
(Release date: March 9, 2022)
References
External links
Official website
Anime musical groups
Japanese musical groups
Musical groups established in 2015
Sacra Music artists
Community Alliance for Jewish-affiliated Cemeteries (CAJAC) is a nonprofit organization established to rescue and maintain Jewish cemeteries. CAJAC's mission is to be a central repository for fundraising, endowment management and the general care of abandoned and at-risk Jewish cemeteries.
History
The organization was incorporated as Friends of Bayside Cemetery on September 22, 2006. It officially changed its name to Community Association for Jewish At-risk Cemeteries on April 13, 2007. The organization officially changed its name again to Community Alliance for Jewish-affiliated Cemeteries on August 11, 2014.
Bayside Cemetery restoration
Starting with seed money from the UJA Federation of New York, CAJAC has begun a massive restoration and maintenance program at Bayside Cemetery in Queens, New York. CAJAC has employed a private contractor and instituted a volunteer program to clear the entire cemetery.
References
External links
Bayside Cemetery Cleanup Begins by CAJAC - The Community Association for Jewish At-risk Cemeteries
Official Site of the Hebrew Free Burial Association
CAJAC Facebook Page
Organizations established in 2006
Charities based in New York (state)
Jewish charities based in the United States
Dariusz Wdowczyk (born 25 September 1962) is a Polish football player and coach, who was previously the manager of Piast Gliwice. He played for Gwardia Warszawa, Legia Warsaw, Celtic, Reading, and Polonia Warsaw. He has subsequently carved out a career in football management. In the 2005/06 season he led Legia Warsaw to the league title.
On 13 April 2007 he was replaced as manager of Legia Warsaw by Jacek Zieliński, following a run of bad results.
He joined Livingston as Director of Football on 28 June 2007, to assist new manager Mark Proctor, his main objective was to investigate the foreign market, in particular the Eastern European market. It was announced on 30 October 2007 that Wdowczyk was to leave Livingston to embark on a second spell as manager of Polonia Warsaw.
Honours
Manager
Polonia Warszawa
Ekstraklasa: 1999–2000
Polish Cup: 2000-01
Polish Super Cup: 2000
Legia Warsaw
Ekstraklasa: 2005–06
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Polish footballers
Legia Warsaw players
Celtic F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Polonia Warsaw players
Poland youth international footballers
Poland international footballers
Association football fullbacks
Footballers from Warsaw
Polish expatriate footballers
Polish football managers
Legia Warsaw managers
Polonia Warsaw managers
Pogoń Szczecin managers
Widzew Łódź managers
Wisła Kraków managers
Piast Gliwice managers
Ekstraklasa players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Gwardia Warsaw players
Association football defenders
Livingston F.C. non-playing staff
Korona Kielce managers
Wisła Płock managers
The men's 100 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 and 21 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
21 July
Wind: +1.2 m/s
Semifinals
21 July
Semifinal 1
Wind: +1.1 m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind: +0.8 m/s
Quarterfinals
20 July
Quarterfinal 1
Wind: +0.2 m/s
Quarterfinal 2
Wind: +1.6 m/s
Quarterfinal 3
Wind: +2.2 m/s
Quarterfinal 4
Wind: +1.3 m/s
Heats
20 July
Heat 1
Wind: +0.1 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: +0.3 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: +0.1 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: +2.8 m/s
Heat 5
Wind: +1.5 m/s
Heat 6
Wind: +1.7 m/s
Heat 7
Wind: +1.3 m/s
Heat 8
Wind: +1.5 m/s
Heat 9
Wind: +1.1 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 66 athletes from 50 countries participated in the event.
References
100 metres
100 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
V1429 Aquilae is a candidate luminous blue variable multiple star system located in the constellation of Aquila. It is often referred to by its Mount Wilson Observatory catalog number as MWC 314. It is a hot luminous star with strong emission lines in its spectrum.
Spectrum
V1429 Aql has a peculiar spectrum dominated by emission lines of hydrogen and many ionised metals, with Fe being particularly strong and numerous. There are also comparatively weak forbidden lines, primarily [Fe], but also [N]. Some absorption lines are present, but are either very weak or hidden by the emission. Many lines have variable profiles, particularly the hydrogen and helium series which vary during the orbit from emission to P Cygni profiles. The absorption lines are considered to be formed in the photosphere of the primary star, although some Fe absorption appears to be from gas between the stars. No lines of the secondary can be detected. The emission lines are formed in circumstellar material between and around the two stars Overall, the spectral type is given as B3 Ibe.
In infrared spectra, the Pfund series of lines are strongly in emission, a very unusual feature characteristic of supergiant Be stars and LBVs. V1429 Aql is given a B2:e spectral type from analysis in the infrared.
System
V1429 Aquilae is a single-lined spectroscopic binary. The existence of a companion is inferred from the highly periodic variations in the radial velocity of its spectral lines and by equally periodic variations in brightness and spectral line profiles. It is unclear whether there are partial eclipses of the larger star or just of gas surrounding the stars.
The orbital period is well-defined at 60.7 days and it is moderately eccentric (0.244). The primary star fills its roche lobe for at least part of the orbit. The other characteristics of the orbit are disputed. The orbital velocity of the secondary is unknown, and the possible inclinations do not sufficiently restrict the possible models of the system. Assumptions based on broadly similar data produce wildly different results for the masses of the stars, from to for the primary.
A third star is visible in infrared images just over one arc second away. It is statistically likely to be in a wide orbit around the spectroscopic pair, about 5,700 AU away.
The system contains material being transferred from the primary to the secondary star as well as material surrounding both stars. A dense clump of gas near the centre of mass of the system, and co-rotating with the stars, produces the bulk of the emission lines. A more diffuse region of gas surrounds both stars and produces some absorption components in the spectrum.
The entire system is surrounded by a shell of material about 0.8 parsecs across, assuming that MWC 314 is 3,000 parsecs away. This appears in infrared images as a circular ring 25 arc-seconds from the central star. There is a much larger bipolar nebula detected by its Hα radiation. It is 13 parsecs from end to end.
Variability
V1429 Aquilae shows brightness variations of about 0.3 magnitudes and a detectable period of 4.16 days. No longterm variations in brightness have been detected over several decades of observations. The profiles of many spectral lines also vary with the same period, produced partly by radial velocity variations. The absorption and emission lines show different radial velocity amplitudes, but with the same period. Most of these variations can be accounted for by the orbit of the two stars and material being transferred from the primary to the secondary, with the gas being involved in partial eclipses, and possibly also partial eclipses of the stars themselves. The two stars are also distorted into ellipsoidal shapes by their gravity and vary in brightness as they rotate.
In addition to the orbital variations, two pulsation modes have been observed with amplitudes of a few thousandths of a magnitude and periods of 0.77 and 1.42 days.
Physical properties
Estimates of the distance of V1429 Aquilae made by indirect methods range between 2.4 and 4.3 kiloparsecs (9,800-14,000 light years), with 3 kpc usually being adopted. The Gaia EDR3 parallax is , suggesting a somewhat larger distance.
The primary is a hot B-type star. Its total luminosity has been estimated to be as much as 1,200,000 times that of the Sun (), with a radius 60 times larger than that of the Sun (), and 80 times more massive than the Sun (). More recent calculations give a luminosity of , radius of , and mass of . Alternative assumptions about the orbit lead to lower values of , , and .
The physical parameters of the star, and its spectrum, are comparable to a luminous blue variable (LBV). Although it has not shown the defining outbursts and spectral variations, the surrounding nebulae indicate episodes of heavy mass loss in the past. Alternatively, it may be a supergiant Be star.
The secondary cannot be observed. Making some assumptions, primarily the existence of a partial eclipse of the primary star, allows its mass and some physical properties to be estimated, giving a mass of and temperature of 6,227 K, but these are speculative.
References
B-type supergiants
Luminous blue variables
Aquila (constellation)
Aquilae, V1429
BD+14 3887
J19213397+1452570
Eclipsing binaries
Emission-line stars
The following is a list of Jewish heads of state and/or government in the Land of Israel.
House of Saul
King Saul (c. 1079–1007 BCE)
King Ish-bosheth (II Samuel 2:8–9)
House of David
King David (II Samuel 5:3) c. 1004–970 BCE – who made Jerusalem the capital of the United Kingdom of Israel.
King Solomon (I Kings 2:12)
King Rehoboam (I Kings 11:43)
After Rehoboam
After Rehoboam reigned three years (1 Chronicles 11:17), the kingdom was divided in two – the northern kingdom of Israel under Jeroboam, with its capital, first in Shechem (Nablus), then Tirzah, and finally Samaria, and ruled by a series of dynasties beginning with Jeroboam; and the southern kingdom of Judah with its capital still at Jerusalem and still ruled by the House of David. The following list contains the kings of Judah with the kings of Israel in the summaries. See also: the dynasties of the northern kingdom of Israel.
King Abijam (I Kings 14:31) c. 915–913 BCE
King Asa (I Kings 15:8) – under whose reign, the following were kings in Israel: Nadab, Baasha, Elah, Zimri, Omri, and Ahab.
King Jehoshaphat (I Kings 15:24) – under whose reign, Ahaziah and Jehoram reigned in Israel.
King Jehoram ben Jehoshaphat (I Kings 22:50)
King Ahaziah ben Jehoram (II Kings 8:24) – under whose reign, Jehu ruled in Israel.
Queen Athaliah (II Kings 11:3) mother of Ahaziah
King Jehoash (II Kings 11:21) – son of Ahaziah, under whose reign, Jehoahaz and another Jehoash ruled in Israel.
King Amaziah (II Kings 14:1) – under whose reign, Jeroboam II ruled in Israel.
King Uzziah referred to as Azariah (II Kings 15:1) – under whose reign, the following ruled over Israel: Zachariah, Shallum, Menahem, Pekahiah, and Pekah.
King Jotham (II Kings 15:32)
King Ahaz (II Kings 16:1) – under whose reign, Hoshea ruled as the last king of Israel.
King Hezekiah (II Kings 18:1) – under his reign, the Assyrian Empire conquered and destroyed the northern kingdom 722 BCE leaving only the southern kingdom of Judah.
King Manasseh (II Kings 20:21)
King Amon (II Kings 21:18)
King Josiah (II Kings 21:26)
King Jehoahaz (II Kings 23:30) son of Josiah
King Jehoiakim (II Kings 23:34) son of Josiah
King Jeconiah (II Kings 24:6) son of Jehoiakim
King Zedekiah (II Kings 24:17) – son of Josiah, last king to rule over, and in, Judah. Overthrown by the Chaldean Empire (which succeeded the Assyrian Empire) and exiled, along with most of the rest of the population, to that kingdom, where his 10 sons were executed in front of him, then he was blinded and imprisoned. [All thought he was released later on along with Jeconiah (who was imprisoned some 14 years before Zedekiah) when Nebuchadnezar died and was succeeded by his son Evil Moredach]
Gedaliah (II Kings 25:22–23) son of Ahikam advisor to King Josiah; he became governor over the remnant of Judah in their homeland and was assassinated the next year [This ended all Jewish settlement in Israel for that period]
Governors of the Persian Province of Judea
Zerubbabel (Ezra 3:8) son of Shealtiel. In the first year of the reign of Cyrus, successor to Darius, the Jews were allowed to return to their homeland. Zerubbabel led the first group of returnees and ruled in Judea for two years. The date is generally thought to have been between 538 and 520 BC. The House of David had survived, but struggled to reclaim its place as the ruling House of Israel.
Nehemiah (Book of Nehemiah) arrived in Jerusalem in 445 as governor of Judah, appointed by Artaxerxes.
Hananiah (Nehemiah 7:2)
Hasmonean dynasty 168–37 BCE
The Maccabees founded the Hasmonean dynasty, which ruled from 168 BCE – 37 BCE, reasserting the Jewish religion and expanding the boundaries of the Land of Israel by conquest. In the post-Maccabean period the high priest was looked upon as exercising in all things, political, legal, and sacerdotal, the supreme authority.
Mattityahu – who began a war for independence.
Judah – during whose reign, Alcimus succeeded Menelaeus as high priest.
Jonathan – assumed the high priesthood.
Simon – succeeded his brother Jonathan as high priest and was also installed as ethnarch. Under his reign, Judea gained its independence.
John Hyrcanus I – also succeeded as ethnarch and high priest.
Aristobulus – succeeded his father John Hyrcanus I as high priest and was also installed as king.
Alexander Jannaeus – high priest and king.
Salome Alexandra - reigning as queen only.
Hyrcanus II – succeeded his father Alexander as high priest beginning with the rule of Salome. Became king upon the death of Salome.
Aristobulus II – succeeded as high priest and king. During his reign, Judea lost its independence and passed under the rule of Rome (63 BCE) who overthrew him and reinstalled:
Hyrcanus II as high priest only.
Antigonus – high priest and king.
Herodian dynasty (37 BCE – 70 CE)
King Herod the Great
Ethnarch Herod Archelaus (4 BCE – 6 CE), ruler of the Tetrarchy of Judea
After Archelaus and during the intervening period, the Sanhedrin, founded by Ezra, became the sole rulers of the Jewish people in Judea in conjunction with the High Priest. The heads, or nesiim, of the Sanhedrin beginning in 20 BCE, were Hillel the Elder, his son Shimon, and his son Gamaliel I whose rule extended into the reign of:
King Agrippa I (41–44)
King Herod of Chalcis (44–48)
King Agrippa II (48–73). In 66 CE, the great revolt began against Rome, resulting in the Zealot Temple Siege and culminating in the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem in 70 CE, the abolition of the High Priesthood, and the final defeat at Massada in 73. Agrippa II was exiled to Rome during the revolt where he died.
Great Sanhedrin 80–429 CE
The Patriarchate was the governing legalistic body of Judean and Galilean Jewry after the destruction of the Second Temple until about 429 CE. Being a member of the house of Hillel and thus a descendant of King David, the Patriarch, known in Hebrew as the Nasi (prince), had almost royal authority.
Gamaliel II of Jamnia (80–115)
Eleazar ben Azariah (115–120)
Interregnum (Bar Kokhba revolt) (132–135)
Judah bar Ilai c. 140 moved the Sanhedrin to Usha
Shimon ben Gamliel II
Judah haNasi (170–220) – ruled from Bet Shearim, then Sepphoris
Gamaliel III (220–230)
Judah II (230–270) – ruled from Sepphoris, then Tiberias. This was the Sanhedrin's last move.
Gamaliel IV (270–290)
Judah III (290–320)
Hillel II (320–365) – 320 is given as the traditional date for the codification of the Jerusalem Talmud
Gamaliel V (365–385)
Judah IV (385–400) – in 395, the Roman Empire split into east and west and Palestine passed under the eastern Byzantine Empire.
Gamaliel VI (400–425) – on 17 October 415, an edict issued by the Emperors Honorius and Theodosius II deposed Gamaliel VI as nasi. Theodosius did not allow the appointment of a successor and in 429 terminated the Jewish patriarchate.
7th century
Nehemiah ben Hushiel (615–617)
Hacham Bashi (1842–1918)
Hakham Bashi is the Ottoman Turkish name for the Chief Rabbi of the nation's Jewish community.
Avraham Haim Gaggin (b. Turkey) 1842–1848
Yitzhak Kovo 1848–1854
Haim Abulafia 1854–1860
Haim Hazzan (b. Turkey) 1860–1869
Avraham Ashkenazi (b. Greece) 1869–1880
Raphael Meir Panigel (b. Bulgaria) 1880–1893
Yaakov Shaul Elyashar 1893–1906
Yaakov Meir 1906–1907
Eliyahu Moshe Panigel 1907–1908
Nahman Batito 1908–1915
Nissim Danon 1915–1918 – In 1917, Palestine was conquered by the British. Danon was succeeded as chief rabbi after World War I by Haim Moshe Elyashar who assumed the title of Acting Chief Rabbi 1918–1921. (For a list of Chief Rabbis during the Mandate and afterwards, see List of chief rabbis of Israel and Mandatory Palestine They controlled religious affairs while:
Jewish National Council (1917–1948)
The Jewish National Council (Vaad Leumi) controlled civil affairs, as defined by a British Mandatory Ordinance. The following list contains the elected chairmen of the Jewish National Council.
Yaacov Thon (b. Ukraine) 1917–1920 – head of a provisional council which preceded the actual formation of the Vaad Leumi in 1920.
David Yellin 1920–1929
Pinhas Rutenberg (b. Ukraine) 1929–1931
Yitzhak Ben Zvi (b. Ukraine) – elected as chairman in the 1931 elections, held the office until independence in 1948. In 1939, Pinhas Rutenberg was, once again, appointed chairman of the Va'ad while Ben Zvi became President. He held that position until his death in 1942. In the 1944 elections, *David Remez (b. Ukraine), was elected as chairman while ben Zvi continued with the title of President.
State of Israel 1948–present
David Ben-Gurion (b. Russian Poland) 1948–1953, 1955–1963
Moshe Sharett (b. Russian Ukraine) 1953–1955
Levi Eshkol (b. Russian Ukraine) 1963–1969
Golda Meir who came from Ukraine via the United States 1969–1974
Yitzhak Rabin (b. Mandatory Palestine) 1974–1977, 1992–1995
Menachem Begin (b. Russian Belarus) 1977–1983
Yitzhak Shamir (b. Russian Poland) 1983–1984, 1986–1992
Shimon Peres (b. Poland) 1984–1986, 1995–1996
Benjamin Netanyahu (b. Israel) 1996–1999, 2009–2021
Ehud Barak (b. Mandatory Palestine) 1999–2001
Ariel Sharon (b. Mandatory Palestine) 2001–2006
Ehud Olmert (b. Mandatory Palestine) 2006–2009
Naftali Bennett (b. Israel) 2021-2022
Yair Lapid (b. Israel) 2022-present
See also
Jewish leadership
Kings of Israel and Judah
References
Jews in the Land of Israel
Jewish history timelines
Israel
Jewish leaders in the Land of Israel
Jewish
Israel
Louis Le Laboureur (1615–1679) was a French poet.
Early life
Louis Le Laboureur was born in 1615 in Montmorency, Val-d'Oise, France. His paternal uncle, Claude Le Laboureur, was the provost of the Abbey of Île Barbe on the Île Barbe in Lyon and a book collector. His brother, Jean Le Laboureur, was a historian.
Career
Le Laboureur was a poet. His best-known poems are Charlemagne, La Promenade de Saint-Germain, and Les victoires du Duc d'Anguien. He was also the author of a treatise on the superiority of the French language over Latin.
Death
Le Laboureur died in 1679 in Montmorency, France.
References
1615 births
1679 deaths
People from Val-d'Oise
17th-century French poets
17th-century French male writers
French male poets
Business analytics (BA) refers to the skills, technologies, and practices for continuous iterative exploration and investigation of past business performance to gain insight and drive business planning. Business analytics focuses on developing new insights and understanding of business performance based on data and statistical methods. In contrast, business intelligence traditionally focuses on using a consistent set of metrics to both measure past performance and guide business planning. In other words, business intelligence focusses on description, while business analytics focusses on prediction and prescription.
Business analytics makes extensive use of analytical modeling and numerical analysis, including explanatory and predictive modeling, and fact-based management to drive decision making. It is therefore closely related to management science. Analytics may be used as input for human decisions or may drive fully automated decisions. Business intelligence is querying, reporting, online analytical processing (OLAP), and "alerts."
In other words, querying, reporting, and OLAP are alert tools that can answer questions such as what happened, how many, how often, where the problem is, and what actions are needed. Business analytics can answer questions like why is this happening, what if these trends continue, what will happen next (predict), and what is the best outcome that can happen (optimize).
Examples of application
In healthcare, business analysis can be used to operate and manage clinical information systems. It can transform medical data from a bewildering array of analytical methods into useful information. Data analysis can also be used to generate contemporary reporting systems which include the patient's latest key indicators, historical trends and reference values.
Decision analytics: supports human decisions with visual analytics that the user models to reflect reasoning.
Descriptive analytics: gains insight from historical data with reporting, scorecards, clustering etc.
Predictive analytics: employs predictive modelling using statistical and machine learning techniques
Prescriptive analytics: recommends decisions using optimization, simulation, etc.
Basic domains within analytics
Behavioral analytics
Cohort analysis
Competitor analysis
Cyber analytics
Enterprise optimization
Financial services analytics
Fraud analytics
Health care analytics
Key Performance Indicators (KPI's)
Marketing analytics
Pricing analytics
Retail sales analytics
Risk & Credit analytics
Supply chain analytics
Talent analytics
Telecommunications
Transportation analytics
Customer Journey Analytics
Market Basket Analysis
History
Analytics have been used in business since the management exercises were put into place by Freddi WinWin Taylor in the late 19th century. Henry Ford measured the time of each component in his newly established assembly line. But analytics began to command more attention in the late 1960s when computers were used in decision support systems. Since then, analytics have changed and formed with the development of enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, data warehouses, and a large number of other software tools and processes.
In later years the business analytics have exploded with the introduction of computers. This change has brought analytics to a whole new level and has brought about endless possibilities. As far as analytics has come in history, and what the current field of analytics is today, many people would never think that analytics started in the early 1900s with Mr. Ford himself.
Challenges
Business analytics depends on sufficient volumes of high-quality data. The difficulty in ensuring data quality is integrating and reconciling data across different systems, and then deciding what subsets of data to make available.
Previously, analytics was considered a type of after-the-fact method of forecasting consumer behavior by examining the number of units sold in the last quarter or the last year. This type of data warehousing required a lot more storage space than it did speed. Now business analytics is becoming a tool that can influence the outcome of customer interactions. When a specific customer type is considering a purchase, an analytics-enabled enterprise can modify the sales pitch to appeal to that consumer. This means the storage space for all that data must react extremely fast to provide the necessary data in real-time.
Competing on analytics
Thomas Davenport, professor of information technology and management at Babson College argues that businesses can optimize a distinct business capability via analytics and thus better compete. He identifies these characteristics of an organization that are apt to compete on analytics:
One or more senior executives who strongly advocate fact-based decision making and, specifically, analytics
Widespread use of not only descriptive statistics, but also predictive modeling and complex optimization techniques
Substantial use of analytics across multiple business functions or processes
Movement toward an enterprise-level approach to managing analytical tools, data, and organizational skills and capabilities
See also
Business analysis
Business analyst
Business process discovery
Customer dynamics
Test and learn
References
Further reading
Business terms
Data warehousing
Applied data mining
Business intelligence
Management science
analytics
de: Business Analytics
Antaeotricha tumens is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are fuscous-whitish, with a faint lilac tinge, white on the costal edge and between the veins posteriorly. There is a fuscous basal dot in the middle, and a short oblique mark above the base of the dorsum and three cloudy dark fuscous oblique transverse lines, the second and third triangularly dilated on the costa, the first from one-fifth of the costa to the middle of the dorsum, slightly curved, the second from the middle of the costa to four-fifths of the dorsum, slightly sinuate outwards in the middle, the third from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus, curved outwards on the lower half, the dorsal area between this and the second partially suffused with fuscous. There are eight marginal dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are whitish with the costa broadly expanded and clothed with rough projecting white scales from the base to two-thirds, beyond this abruptly sinuate-incised. There is also a yellowish subcostal finely striated groove from the base to three-fifths.
References
Moths described in 1916
tumens
Moths of South America
Monument to the Revolution may refer to:
Monument to the Revolution (Kozara), a 1972 World War II memorial sculpture by Dušan Džamonja
Monument to the Revolution of the people of Moslavina, a 1967 World War II memorial sculpture by Dušan Džamonja
Monument to the Revolution of 1905, a monument in Tallinn, Estonia
Monument to the Revolution of 1905 (Matveev Kurgan), a monument in Taganrog, Russia
Monumento a la Revolución, a monument in Mexico City
KRSB-FM (103.1 FM, "Best Country 103") is a radio station licensed to serve Roseburg, Oregon, United States. The station, established in 1970, is currently owned by Brooke Communications, Inc. The station gained worldwide attention in the 1970s for its "Goat Weather Forecasts" based on the movement of local wild goats.
Programming
The station's initial format was a mix of middle of the road and contemporary music. By the end of the 1970s, the format had transitioned to a more modern adult contemporary music mix with up to four hours of jazz music broadcast each week.
KRSB-FM currently broadcasts a contemporary country music format.
History
This station began regular operations on October 1, 1970, broadcasting with 2,750 watts of effective radiated power on a frequency of 103.1 MHz. The station was assigned the call sign KRSB by the Federal Communications Commission. Under the ownership of W.R.R., Inc., KRSB was run by Tom Worden who served as general manager, program director, and company president while Bob Reese took on the job of chief engineer for the station.
To accommodate the rebranding of a co-owned AM sister station as KRSB, the FM station was assigned the KRSB-FM call sign by the FCC on December 10, 1985.
In May 1986, W.R.R., Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Michael R. Wyatt. The deal was approved by the FCC on July 2, 1987, and the transaction was consummated the same day.
In February 1989, Michael R. Wyatt reached an agreement to sell this station to Broadcast Management Services, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on March 1, 1989, and the transaction was consummated on March 10, 1989. This ownership change would prove very short-lived as just six days later, on March 16, 1989, Broadcast Management Services, Inc., filed an application with the FCC to transfer the broadcast license for KRSB-FM to Brooke Communications, Inc. The new deal was approved by the FCC on April 28, 1989, and the transaction was consummated on May 8, 1989.
In 1991, KRSB-FM changed from Adult Contemporary to Top 40, under the “B103” branding. This format was moved from AM sister station; “Q124” 1240 KQEN, which became Soft Adult Contemporary. In 1992, KRSB-FM became “Country 103” with a Country format. Later in the 90's, it was modified to the current “Best Country 103” branding.
Weather goats
KRSB gained national and international attention in the 1970s for their "Goat Weather Forecasts", based on the behavior of wild goats grazing on Mount Nebo, near Interstate 5. Visible from the station's studio, if the goats were high on the hill it meant fair weather. If the goats were grazing near the bottom of the hill, the forecast would call for rain. Station manager Tom Worden told interviewers that the goats were right about 90 percent of the time while the National Weather Service forecasts from distant Portland, Oregon, were only about 65 percent accurate.
While the station did still deliver the conventional scientific weather forecasts from the National Weather Service, the Goat Weather Reports included less scientific terms like "widely scattered goats" for mostly sunny skies and "low goat pressure" as a sign of rain and stormy weather ahead. By the end of the 1970s, as both traffic along Interstate 5 and accidents involving goats increased, the herd was relocated to a local ranch about 15 miles away from Mount Nebo.
Station alumni
Tom Worden, then the general manager of KRSB and KYES, served as the president of the Oregon Association of Broadcasters for the 1983 calendar year.
Translators
KRSB-FM programming is also carried on a broadcast translator station to extend or improve the coverage area of the station.
References
External links
Official Website
RSB-FM
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1970
Roseburg, Oregon
1970 establishments in Oregon
Francois "Frank" Joseph Girardin (October 6, 1856 – August 7, 1945) was an American impressionist artist who worked in the Cincinnati, Ohio, Richmond, Indiana and Los Angeles, California areas. He was also an early player for the Cincinnati Reds baseball team.
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, Girardin came to Cincinnati in the 1870s and studied under Thomas Satterwhite Noble and later Frank Duveneck at the Cincinnati Art Academy. He was best known for his landscape paintings of both Indiana and southern California.
He played an important role in the development of the Art Association of Richmond (now the Richmond Art Museum) was a prominent member of the Richmond Group of artists. He was a member of the board of directors of the Art Association for several years. It was during his time in Indiana that he received the most recognition for his work. He exhibited three paintings in the Indiana building at the St. Louis World's Fair in 1904 and was a member of the Society of Western Artists.
In 1910, Girardin moved to Redondo Beach, California where he painted local landscapes. His paintings are found in the San Diego Museum of Art; the Haan Mansion Museum of Indiana Art, the Richmond Art Museum; the Art Museum of Greater Lafayette; Morrisson-Reeves Library; Kokomo-Howard County Public Library; Connersville, Indiana Public Library and the Wayne County (Indiana) Historical Museum.
He died in Redondo Beach August 7, 1945 and was buried there.
References
Burnet, Mary Q. (1921). Art and Artists of Indiana. New York: The Century Co.
1856 births
1945 deaths
19th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American painters
American Impressionist painters
Artists from Cincinnati
Artists from Richmond, Indiana
Artists from Louisville, Kentucky
Painters from Kentucky
Painters from California
People from Redondo Beach, California
19th-century American male artists
20th-century American male artists
This is a list of the 89 currently operating suburban railway stations in Adelaide, South Australia, in addition to active proposals. The stations comprise six railway lines, of which two are branch lines.
Stations
See also
List of closed Adelaide railway stations
List of suburban and commuter rail systems
Railways in Adelaide
Rail transport in South Australia
References
External links
Adelaide Metro
01
Railway stations
Railway stations, Adelaide
Adelaide
.Rail
Adelaide
The black-fronted tyrannulet (Phylloscartes nigrifrons) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in the tepuis of southern Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
black-fronted tyrannulet
Birds of Venezuela
black-fronted tyrannulet
black-fronted tyrannulet
black-fronted tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Tepuis
Inter-connected Stock Exchange Ltd. (ISE) is an Indian national-level government owned stock exchange, providing trading, clearing, settlement, risk management and surveillance support to its trading members. It is under the ownership of Ministry of Finance , Government of India. It started its operation in 1998 in Vashi, Mumbai, and has 841 trading members, who are located in 18 cities. These intermediaries are administratively supported through the regional offices at Delhi, Kolkata, Patna, Ahmedabad, Coimbatore and Nagpur, besides Mumbai.
The ISE is promoted by 12 regional stock exchanges namely at Bangalore, Bhubaneshwar, Chennai, Kochi, Coimbatore, Guwahati, Indore, Jaipur, Kanpur, Mangalore, Magadh and Vadodara. The participating exchanges of ISE have 4,500 members and listed securities. It is a stock exchange of stock exchanges, members of the stock exchanges being traders on the ISE.
History
At a meeting of the Federation of Indian Stock Exchanges held in October 1996, a steering committee was formed to evolve an Inter-Connected Market System. As a result, Inter-connected Stock Exchange (ISE), which was promoted by 14 regional stock exchanges of the country (excluding Calcutta, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Ludhiana and Pune Stock Exchange, apart from NSE, BSE and OTCEI) was incorporated by SEBI under the Securities Contracts (Regulations) Act, 1956 on 18 November 1998, ISE commenced trading on 26 February 1999.
ISE was launched with an objective of converting small, fragmented and illiquid markets into large, liquid national-level markets. ISE is also a professionally managed stock exchange with the Chairman of the Exchange being also a Public Representative Director from its inception. Unfortunately for the RSEs, particularly small brokers, the ISE experiment did not succeed. The daily turnover, which used to be Rs. 1 to 2 crore in the first six months, gradually declined to virtually zero level. Failure of ISE was, due to the bigger brokers of the participating RSEs failing to support any interest in trading on ISE due to commercial considerations. As a result, it becomes virtually impossible for ISE to create any worthwhile liquidity in its markets in competition with the breadth and depth of NSE and BSE. Markers continued to be fragmented as the participating RSEs did not close down their regional segments. All the while the small fragmented and illiquid market failed to emerge. ISE has also not succeeded in getting companies listed on it despite the stipulation by SEBI that the State of Maharashtra constituted the regional area for ISE due to lack of regulatory support for making it applicable to over 3,000 already listed companies in the State of Maharashtra.
SEBI permitted ISE to exit bourse business as per the SEBI order on 8 December 2014.
Services
Membership
A registered Member is entitled to execute trades and to clear and settle trades executed on his own account as well as on account of his clients in the Capital Markets Segment. Membership of the Exchange is open to corporate entities, individuals and partnership firms who fulfill the eligibility criteria laid down by SEBI and ISE
Depository services
Inter-connected Stock Exchange is a Depository Participant of Central Depository Service (India) Limited (CDSL) and National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL). ISE-DP has branches at Delhi, Kolkata, Patna, Guwahati, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Nagpur, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and 155 Collection Centers across the country. Following depository services of CDSL are provided to the individual and corporate investors by ISE-DP:
Dematerialisation (Demat)
Rematerialisation (Remat)
Pledge of Demat securities
Electronic Access to Securities Information & Execution of Secured Transactions (easiest)
Settlement of securities in Demat Mode
Electronic Access to Securities Information (easi)
Research and Training
The ISE Training centre was established in November, 2000. It is a classroom training program on subjects related to the capital market, such as equities trading and settlement procedure, derivatives trading, day trading, arbitrage operations, technical analysis, financial planning, and compliance requirement. ISE also offers Joint Certification Training programmes in association with its partners.
Listing
The trading platform of ISE enables the 'Indian companies' to access equity capital, by providing a liquid and well-regulated market. Scrips which are already being traded on stock exchanges across India are traded on the Exchange. ISE's trading members in India trade on the scrips and provide liquidity and visibility to such scrips.
See also
List of stock exchanges in the Commonwealth of Nations
References
External links
BSE
Financial services companies established in 1998
Financial services companies based in Mumbai
Former stock exchanges in India
1998 establishments in Maharashtra
Indian companies established in 1998
KFRlib is an open-source cross-platform C++ DSP framework written in C++.
It is covered by a dual GPL/commercial license.
Official support
Supported platforms
KFR is supported on the following platforms.
Mac OS X
Linux
Microsoft Windows
iOS
Android
Supported compilers
Xcode 6.3 and later
Clang 3.6 and later
Visual Studio 2015 using LLVM-vs2014 toolkit
Features
Optimized for ARM NEON, SSE, SSE2, SSE3, SSSE3, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, AVX, AVX2 instruction sets
Fast Fourier transform
Convolution
Finite impulse response filters
Infinite impulse response filters
Digital biquad filter
Sample rate conversion
Window function
Goertzel algorithm
Digital delay line
Pseudorandom number generator
SIMD versions of many C mathematical functions
References
External links
Official website
C++
C++ libraries
Multimedia software
The Buffet (Arabic: البوفيه Il-Bufayh) is a 1968 one-act play by Ali Salem which is widely regarded as a classic of modern Egyptian theatre. The Buffet was written in 1967, first performed at the Hakim Theatre in Cairo in March 1968, published in Arabic in 1969, and in English translation in 1973 by John Waterbury. The term al-Būfīh in Arabic refers to an office canteen or snack bar, although the play is set not down in the canteen, but upstairs in the office of the theatre manager. The cast requires only three actors: a theatre manager in an unnamed Kafkaesque authoritarian state, a playwright trying to get his play produced, and the waiter who brings food up from the buffet below. These characters symbolize the human contract between the powerful (the manager) and the powerless (the playwright) and the waiter (brute force).
References
1968 plays
Egyptian plays
The urogenital sinus is a part of the human body only present in the development of the urinary and reproductive organs. It is the ventral part of the cloaca, formed after the cloaca separates from the anal canal during the fourth to seventh weeks of development.
In males, the UG sinus is divided into three regions: upper, pelvic, and phallic. The upper part gives rise to the urinary bladder and the pelvic part gives rise to the prostatic and membranous parts of the urethra, the prostate and the bulbourethral gland (Cowper's). The phallic portion gives rise to the spongy (bulbar) part of the urethra and the urethral glands (Littre's). Note that the penile part of the urethra originates from urogenital fold.
In females, the pelvic part of the UG sinus gives rise to the sinovaginal bulbs, structures that will eventually form the inferior two thirds of the vagina. This process begins when the lower tip of the paramesonephric ducts, the structures that will eventually form the uterus and vaginal fornices, come in contact with the UG sinus. Shortly afterwards, the sinovaginal bulbs form as two solid evaginations of the UG sinus. Cells in these bulbs divide to form a solid vaginal plate, which extends and then canalizes (hollows) to form the inferior portion of the vagina. The female urogenital sinus also gives rise to the urethra and vestibule of the vagina.
Clinical significance
A urogenital sinus anomaly is also a rare birth defect in women where the urethra and vagina both open into a common channel.
A persistent cloaca is a disorder where the rectum, vagina, and urinary tract meet and fuse, creating a cloaca, a single common channel.
Other animals
In most mammals (excluding primates and species that have a cloaca), the urogenital sinus refers to the sinus in which the openings to the female's urethra and vagina are found. The urogenital sinus of non-primates is homologous to the vulval vestibule of primates.
Additional images
See also
Genitography
References
http://www.embryology.ch/anglais/ugenital/genitinterne04.html
https://www.amboss.com/us/knowledge/Development_of_the_reproductive_system
External links
Urologyhealth.org page on Urogenital Sinus anomalies
Fetal pig dissection
Embryology.ch
AMBOSS
Embryology of urogenital system
Frank Russell Woodward (May 17, 1894 – June 11, 1961) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball between 1918 and 1923 for the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Washington Senators, and Chicago White Sox.
References
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Phillies players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Chicago White Sox players
New Britain Sinks players
New Haven Murlins players
Seattle Rainiers players
New Haven Weissmen players
New Haven Indians players
Worcester Panthers players
New Haven Profs players
Baseball players from New Haven, Connecticut
1894 births
1961 deaths
Saline County (standard abbreviation: SA) is located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 54,303. The largest city and county seat is Salina.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles.
In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per [cre. In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Spain brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
19th century
In 1860, Saline County was founded.
20th century
Saline County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1994.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Ottawa County (north)
Dickinson County (east)
Marion County (southeast)
McPherson County (south)
Ellsworth County (west)
Lincoln County (northwest)
Demographics
Saline County is part of the Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 53,597 people, 21,436 households, and 14,212 families residing in the county. The population density was 74 people per square mile (29/km2). There were 22,695 housing units at an average density of 32 per square mile (12/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 89.17% White, 3.10% Black or African American, 0.52% Native American, 1.70% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 3.33% from other races, and 2.14% from two or more races. 6.02% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 21,436 households in the county, out of which 32.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.90% were married couples living together, 9.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.70% were non-families. 28.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 18, 9.40% from 18 to 24, 28.40% from 25 to 44, 22.10% from 45 to 64, and 14.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,308, and the median income for a family was $46,362. Males had a median income of $31,509 versus $22,047 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,073. About 6.00% of families and 8.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.60% of those under age 18 and 8.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Board of Commissioners
Saline County is governed by a Board of Commissioners. The commission enacts the annual budget for the county, currently set at about $38,000,000, creates policy to be implemented by the county administrator, approves contracts, and oversees legislation relating to the health, safety, and well-being of the county's citizens.
The Board of Commissioners has three members, one elected from each of the three commission districts. Commissioners are elected on a partisan basis. The districts are reapportioned every three years, with the three districts being equally populated. Term lengths are four years.
Current representatives on the Board of Commissioners are John Price (District 3; vice chairman), Monte Shadwick (District 1; secretary), and Jim Gile (District 2; chairman).
In 2014, citizens voted to change the number of commissioners from three to five. The group, “Drive for Five”, successfully campaigned for better representation of the people. Monte Shadwick easily won against long time commissioner Randy Duncan.
Governor Sam Brownback was tasked with appointing the two new commission members that will serve for two years and then be up for election by the people. On January 12, 2015, Luci Larson and Dave Smith were appointed to the newly created 4th and 5th Districts.
County administrator
The county administrator is hired by the Board of Commissioners and is the administrative officer for the county. The administrator is responsible for researching administrative and operational issues and then presenting suggestions for improvement in government efficiency to the Board of Commissioners and for reviewing all requests for action brought to the Board of Commissioners. The county administrator also implements policies enacted by the Board of Commissioners, prepares the annual budget, and "supervises accounts payable, payroll, human resource division and central purchasing for the county." As needed, the county administrator will represent the county on boards and commissions.
The current county administrator is Andrew Manley.
Presidential elections
Saline County is a Republican stronghold: the last Democrat to win a majority in the county was Lyndon Johnson in 1964, who was also the last Democrat to carry the state's electoral votes. Saline has voted for the statewide winner in every presidential election since 1872, including for James Weaver in 1892.
Laws
The county voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 55% to 45% despite backing Donald Trump with 64% of the vote to Joe Biden's 33% in the 2020 presidential election.
Education
Colleges and universities
Kansas State University Polytechnic Campus in Salina
Kansas Wesleyan University in Salina
Salina Area Technical College in Salina
Unified school districts
Salina USD 305
Southeast of Saline USD 306
Ell-Saline USD 307
School district office in neighboring county
Twin Valley USD 240
Solomon USD 393
Smoky Valley USD 400
Private schools
St. John's Military School
Sacred Heart High School
Communities
Cities
Assaria
Brookville
Gypsum
New Cambria
Salina
Smolan
Solomon (partly in Dickinson County)
Unincorporated communities
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Bavaria†
Bridgeport†
Falun†
Glendale
Hedville
Kipp†
Mentor†
Salemsborg
Shipton
Trenton
Townships
Saline County is divided into eighteen townships. The city of Salina is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Saline County, Kansas
Rolling Hills Zoo
References
Further reading
Portrait and Biographical Record of Dickinson, Saline, McPherson, and Marion Counties, Kansas; Chapman Bros; 614 pages; 1893.
Standard Atlas of Saline County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 71 pages; 1920.
Plat Book of Saline County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 40 pages; 1903.
Edwards' Atlas of Saline County, Kansas; John P. Edwards; 42 pages; 1884.
External links
County
Saline County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Saline County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1860 establishments in Kansas Territory
Salina, Kansas micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1860
The 1960 Washington Senators won 73 games, lost 81, and finished in fifth place in the American League. They were managed by Cookie Lavagetto and played home games at Griffith Stadium, where they drew 743,404 fans in 1960, last in the eight-team league but an increase of almost 25 percent over 1959. This was the "original" Senators' 60th and final season in Washington, as they moved to Minnesota and became the Twins in 1961, which they have been named ever since. Griffith Stadium was demolished after the second Washington Senators franchise played its inaugural season there.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
Relocation to Minnesota
After an early flirtation with San Francisco, by 1957 Calvin Griffith was courting Minneapolis-St. Paul, a prolonged process that resulted in him rejecting the Twin Cities' first offer before agreeing to relocate. The American League opposed the move at first, but in 1960 a deal was reached: The Senators would move and would be replaced with an expansion Senators team for 1961. The old Washington Senators became the Minnesota Twins.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Wytheville
Notes
References
1960 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1960 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
1960 in sports in Washington, D.C.
The List of Lamar University alumni includes notable former students of Lamar University. The term "Lamar Cardinal," which comes from Lamar's mascot "Big Red," a cardinal, refers to current and former students of Lamar University. The class year of each former student indicates the year four years after their enrollment year, and does not necessarily represent graduation year.
Lamar University was previously known as Lamar College and Lamar State College of Technology (Lamar Tech); this list includes students who graduated when Lamar held different names than the one it holds today.
Academia
John E. Gray, prominent banker and President of Lamar University
Hershel Parker – H. Fletcher Brown Professor Emeritus at the University of Delaware
Athletes and coaches
Baseball
Beau Allred – retired Major League Baseball outfielder
Bruce Aven – retired Major League Baseball player
Phil Brassington – retired Australian right-handed pitcher
Eric Cammack – retired relief pitcher in Major League Baseball
Jerald Clark – retired Major League Baseball outfielder
Jim Gilligan – one of the NCAA's most winning baseball coaches
Clay Hensley – retired MLB pitcher
Micah Hoffpauir – retired MLB player
Tony Mack – retired professional baseball player
Kevin Millar – MLB World Champion, Boston Red Sox
Brian Sanches – retired MLB pitcher
Mike Sarbaugh – retired minor league baseball player and minor league manager
Dave Smith – retired professional baseball pitcher
Randy Williams – retired professional baseball pitcher
Stijn van der Meer – Infielder in the Houston Astros organization and a member of the Netherlands national baseball team in the 2017 World Baseball Classic
Jonathan Dziedzic – Pitcher in the Kansas City Royals organization
Basketball
Nicole Aiken-Pinnock – Jamaican netball player
Alvin Brooks – associate coach and former head coach of the University of Houston's men's basketball team
Adrian Caldwell – retired professional basketball player
B. B. Davis – retired basketball player
James Gulley (born 1965) - former professional basketball player for Ironi Ramat Gan in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Clarence Kea – retired professional basketball player
Steve Roccaforte – assistant coach at the University of South Florida
Tom Sewell – retired professional basketball player
Billy Tubbs – retired men's college basketball coach
Keith Veney – retired professional basketball player
Football
Reggie Begelton - Wide Receiver for the Green Bay Packers
Otho Davis – first athletic trainer nominated for induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame; Athletic Trainer for the Philadelphia Eagles
Johnny Fuller – retired NFL player
Bobby Jancik – former player in the AFL
Dudley Meredith – former defensive end in the AFL
Wayne Moore – retired NFL player
Tracey Perkins – former defensive back in the Arena Football League
Bum Phillips – head coach and general manager of the Houston Oilers
Colin Ridgeway – former NFL player, first Australian to play in the NFL. He also competed in the high jump at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Eugene Seale – former NFL player
Golf
Ronnie Black – PGA Tour professional golfer
Dawn Coe-Jones – Canadian LPGA golfer
Clifford Ann Creed – retired LPGA golfer
Trevor Dodds – Namibian professional golfer
Gail Graham – Canadian LPGA golfer
Susie McAllister – LPGA golfer
John Riegger – PGA Tour professional golfer
Chris Stroud – PGA Tour professional golfer
Jen Wyatt – Canadian LPGA golfer
Justin Harding - PGA Tour professional golfer
Tennis
Sherwood Stewart – retired professional tennis player
Track and field
Thomas Eriksson – retired male high jumper from Sweden
Midde Hamrin – Olympian marathon runner
Arts
Film
Kelly Asbury – film director, screenwriter, voice actor, children's book author/illustrator, and non-fiction author
G. W. Bailey – stage, television and film actor
Phyllis Davis – actress
Music
Janis Joplin – former singer-songwriter
Joshua Ledet – American Idol Season 11 Top 3 contestant from Westlake, Louisiana
Bob McDill – singer-songwriter
Jiles Perry Richardson – former musician and songwriter known as "The Big Bopper"
Visual art
John Alexander – painter
Keith Carter – photographer
Matchett Herring Coe – former sculptor
Marvin Hayes – painter and illustrator
Jerry Wilkerson – former artist known for his contemporary pointillistic style of painting
Writers
H. Palmer Hall – former poet, fiction writer, essayist, editor, and librarian
Business
Claude H. Nash – CEO of Bloodstone Ventures; researcher
Randy Best – Founder of Academic Partnerships
Media
Bill Macatee – sports broadcaster
Military
Harry Brinkley Bass – former U.S. Navy pilot who was twice awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions in the Pacific theater during World War II
Politics
Brian Birdwell (B.S., criminal justice, 1984) – member of the Texas State Senate and survivor of the Pentagon attack of September 11, 2001
Jack Brooks – former member of the U.S. House of Representatives, served for forty-two years in the House
Charles Holcomb – Texas Appeals Court Judge
Nick Lampson – politician, served in the U.S. House of Representatives from two Texas districts
Robert Nichols – Republican senator for the 3rd District in the Texas Senate
Elvin Santos – former Vice President of Honduras
Wayne Shaw - Oklahoma State Senator
Karen Silkwood – former chemical technician and labor union activist
References
External links
Lamar.edu
Google Search
Lamar University
George Sparkes (8 August 1845 – 9 March 1908) was an English first-class cricketer.
Sparkes was born in August 1845 at Westbourne, Sussex. He made a single appearance in first-class cricket for Sussex against Hampshire in 1875 at Hove. He was dismissed for ducks in both of Sussex's innings, by Henry Tate in their first-innings and by Arthur Ridley in their second-innings. He died on 9 March 1908 at Old Fishbourne, Sussex.
References
External links
1845 births
1908 deaths
People from Westbourne, West Sussex
English cricketers
Sussex cricketers
People from Fishbourne, West Sussex
Dean Prior is a village and civil parish near the A38 road, in the South Hams district, in the county of Devon, England. It is located near the town of Buckfastleigh and north of South Brent. Dean Prior has a Grade I listed church dedicated to St George the Martyr, where the seventeenth-century poet Robert Herrick was vicar from 1629 to 1646 and 1660 to 1674 and is buried.
In the 1870s, Dean Prior was described as "a parish in Totnes district, Devon; on the verge of Dartmoor, near the river Dart, 3 miles N of Brent r. station, and 6 NW of Totnes." According to the 2011 census, there were 94 males and 107 females living in the parish; a total population of 201 people.
Traditionally, Dean Prior's population were predominantly working in agriculture, trade or manufacturing; reflected by the 1801 census that divided its population into these three categories. This was contrasted by the census of 1841 which did not divide the population into these groups and instead focused on occupational data and social status. The first census to report on how well people were housed was that of 1891, but the only statistics gathered were on the number of rooms and the number of people in each household. We know of no constituencies that were named after Dean Prior; where constituencies had more than one name, we base this on their "preferred" name.
Dean Prior's population has gradually risen based on the census, with a fairly even, but slightly male-dominated population. Its greatest infant mortality rate was recorded to be at 150 per 1000 in 1860 (today it is recorded at two). There has always been a heavy agricultural presence in the parish of Dean Prior, as well as consumer services and manufacturing. However, contemporary statistics state that the area is now much more service-based, e.g. business, consumer and public. Traditionally the unemployment rate has stayed low but the percentage of people with university degrees or equivalent has risen to 35 (2010). Living conditions have also massively improved over the years. Industrial Britain meant that overcrowding in housing was common, however as Britain has developed this is no longer a problem; this is echoed in Dean Prior.
References
External links
Genuki
Listed buildings in Dean Prior
The Church of St George The Martyr website
Villages in South Hams
Civil parishes in South Hams
Emma Vyssotsky (October 23, 1894 – May 12, 1975, born Emma T. R. Williams) was an American astronomer who was honored with the Annie J. Cannon Award in Astronomy in 1946.
Biography
Emma earned her bachelor's degree in mathematics at Swarthmore College in 1916 and worked at Smith College as an astronomy/mathematics demonstrator for a year before finding work at an insurance company as an actuary. In 1927, after receiving a Whitney Fellowship and a Bartol Scholarship, she enrolled in astronomy at Radcliffe College (now part of Harvard). There, she worked with Cecilia Payne on the "spectral line contours of hydrogen and ionized calcium throughout the spectral sequence."
Emma received her PhD in astronomy from Harvard College in 1930 for her dissertation titled, A Spectrophotometric Study of A Stars. At the time, she was only the third individual to be awarded a PhD in astronomy from Harvard.
She followed her husband, astronomer Alexander N. Vyssotsky, to the University of Virginia, where he was offered a professorship; she was offered an instructor position. She spent her astronomy career at the McCormick Observatory at the university, where her specialty was the motion of stars and the kinematics of the Milky Way. The couple worked together. [They were] studying stellar parallaxes by applying trigonometric functions to observations made on multiple photographic exposures. They discovered many of these parallaxes by attaching a special objective prism to the observatory's astrograph. Their research led to accurate calculations of stellar motions and the determination of the structure of galaxies.She worked at the observatory "for more than a dozen years" before the university promoted her to professor in 1945, but by then she had taken a medical leave of absence after contracting a debilitating illness, Malta Fever, which restricted her activities. Still, she continued to publish.
Personal life
Emma Williams married the Russian-born astronomer Alexander N. Vyssotsky in 1929 and they published jointly and worked together at the McCormick Observatory in Charlottesville, Virginia. They had one son, Victor A. Vyssotsky (a mathematician and computer scientist), who was involved in the Multics project and co-created the Darwin computer game.
Emma died in Winter Park, Florida two years after her husband's death.
Awards
In 1946, she was awarded the Annie J. Cannon Award in Astronomy by the American Astronomical Society in recognition of her contributions to the field of stellar spectra.
Select publications
Emma published much of her research under the name E. T. Williams. The couple would alternate the lead author role on their joint papers, with her name appearing first sometimes, and his name appearing first at other times.
Vyssotsky, E. T. W. (1929). A Spectrophotometric Study of A Stars (Doctoral dissertation, Radcliffe College).
Vyssotsky, A. N., & Williams, E. T. (1933). Color indices and integrated magnitudes of fifteen bright globular clusters. The Astrophysical Journal, 77, 301.
Williams, E. T., & Vyssotsky, A. N. (1935). Color Indices and Integrated Magnitudes of Fifteen Bright Globular Clusters, by AN Wyssotsky and Emma TR Williams. University of Virginia.
Vyssotsky, A. N., & Williams, E. T. (1943). Mccormick Spectral Statistics. The Astrophysical Journal, 98, 185.
Williams, E. T., & Vyssotsky, A. N. (1946). Distribution of faint red giants in galactic longitude as compared with faint A star. The Astronomical Journal, 52, 51.
Vyssotsky, A. N., & Williams, E. T. (1948). An investigation of stellar motions. XII An interpretation of peculiar motions in terms of galactic structure (Astron. J., vol. 56, 1951, p. 62).
References
External links
Alexander N. Vyssotsky (McCormick Museum)
1894 births
1975 deaths
People from Media, Pennsylvania
American women astronomers
Recipients of the Annie J. Cannon Award in Astronomy
University of Virginia faculty
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American scientists
Harvard College alumni
Radcliffe College alumni
American women academics
Steeve Gerard Fankà (born 28 February 1988) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Biography
Born in Douala, Cameroon, Steeve Gerard Fankà started his professional career in Italy. An illegal immigrant, he was signed by Astrea on 20 October 2006 as non-EU amateur player, as he declared that he was not registered as footballer in other nation, but rejected by FIGC because his residence permit did not fulfill the requirement (12 months residence legally before the application, which Fankà started on 16 September 2006), and the appeal rejected on 9 January, thus missing the registration deadline on 31 December.
In the next season, he joined Serie B side Ascoli and played at their Primavera under–20 team. In 2008–09 season, he remained in Primavera team as overage player.
He made his Serie B debut on 16 May 2009, against league strugglers Salernitana, replacing Luigi Giorgi in the 76th minute. The match ended in a 2–0 loss.
In 2009–10 season, he changed his shirt from 87 to 65 but failed to receive any call–up.
References
External links
Profile at Lega-calcio.it
Profile at Football.it
Living people
1988 births
Sportspeople from Douala
Association football defenders
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Serie B players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Hanne N. Rasmussen (born 1950) is a Danish scientist who studies orchid-fungal symbioses.
She is currently a senior researcher at the University of Copenhagen in the Department of Geosciences and Natural Resource Management. Her research has included studies on numerous plant families, but the majority has focused on symbiotic relationships between various fungi and member of the Orchidaceae family. These relationships are called orchid mycorrhiza.
Rasmussen is the author of the book Terrestrial Orchids: from seed to mycotrophic plant (1995). Her most cited articles are on the role of fungal symbionts in orchid seed germination and growth.
References
Danish women scientists
Women botanists
Danish mycologists
20th-century Danish botanists
University of Copenhagen faculty
Living people
1950 births
Women mycologists
21st-century Danish botanists
Mohna is one of the famous villages of Jhanjharpur in Mithila region. Mohna is a village of Simra panchayat. It is surrounded with three main villages, Simra panchayat (Majhaura, Simra, Maheshpura) as well as Kanhauli. Famous festivals are Durga puja and Ram navami.
NH 57 is the main road which connects Mohna from Darbhanga and Patna of Bihar and silliguri of West Bengal. This National Highway is also known as the East- West Corridor. The length of this corridor is about 3,214 km. It starts from Porbandar(Gujrat) and ends at Silchar (Assam).
References
Villages in Madhubani district
Susan Mary Rees, FRS (born 31 July 1953) is a British mathematician and an emeritus professor of mathematics at the University of Liverpool since 2018, specialising in research in complex dynamical systems.
Career
Rees was born in Cambridge. After obtaining her BA in 1974 and MSc in 1975 at St Hugh's College, Oxford, she did research in mathematics under the direction of Bill Parry at the University of Warwick, obtaining a PhD in 1978. Her first postdoctoral position was at the Institute for Advanced Study from 1978 to 1979. Later she worked at Institut des hautes études scientifiques and the University of Minnesota. Following this she worked at the University of Liverpool until her retirement. She became professor of mathematics in 2002 and retired in 2018, becoming an emeritus professor.
She was awarded a Whitehead Prize of the London Mathematical Society in 1988. The citation notes that, in particular,Her most spectacular theorem has been to show that in the space of rational maps of the Riemann sphere of degree d ≥ 2 those maps that are ergodic with respect to Lebesgue measure and leave invariant an absolutely continuous probability measure form a set of positive measure.
She also spoke at the ICM at Kyoto in 1990. In recent years, much of Rees' work has focused on the dynamics of quadratic rational maps; i.e. rational maps of the Riemann sphere of degree two, including an extensive monograph. In 2004, she also presented an alternative proof of the Ending Laminations Conjecture of Thurston, which had been proved by Brock, Canary and Minsky shortly before.
FRS
She was elected to a Fellowship of the Royal Society in 2002.
Family
Her father David Rees was also a distinguished mathematician, who worked on Enigma in Hut 6 at Bletchley Park. Her sister Sarah Rees is also a mathematician.
Works
Mary Rees (2010) "Multiple equivalent matings with the aeroplane polynomial". Ergodic Theory and Dynamical Systems, pp. 20
Mary Rees (2008) "William Parry FRS 1934–2006". Biographical Memoirs of the Royal Society, 54, pp. 229–243
Mary Rees (2004) "Teichmuller distance is not $C^{2+\varepsilon }$". Proc London Math, 88, pp. 114–134
Mary Rees (2003) "Views of Parameter Space: Topographer and Resident". Asterisque, 288, pp. 1–418
Mary Rees (2002) "Teichmuller distance for analytically finite surfaces is $C^{2}$." Proc. London Math. Soc. 85 (2002) 686 – 716.,85, pp. 686–716
References
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
1953 births
Whitehead Prize winners
20th-century British mathematicians
21st-century British mathematicians
British women mathematicians
People from Cambridge
Academics of the University of Liverpool
Alumni of St Hugh's College, Oxford
Alumni of the University of Warwick
Fellows of the Royal Society
Dynamical systems theorists
20th-century women mathematicians
21st-century women mathematicians
Elizabeth Lorraine Vice (born February 9, 1983) is an American gospel music recording artist and musician from Portland, Oregon. Her music career started in 2015, with the studio album, There's a Light, with Ramseur Records. This album was her breakthrough release upon the Billboard magazine charts.
Early life
Liz Vice was born, Elizabeth Lorraine Vice, on February 9, 1983, in Portland, Oregon, where she was the third of five children. Her physical health declined, when she was 19, having to go on hemodialysis for a three and a half-year stretch, eventually giving her a fistula. She obtained a kidney transplant, in 2005, facilitating her eventual recovery from illness.
Music career
Her music career started in 2012, with the studio album, There's a Light, that was originally released with the Deeper Well Collective, and was later re-released on September 25, 2015, by Ramseur Records. The album was her breakthrough release upon the Billboard magazine charts, where it peaked at No. 6 on the Top Gospel Albums chart, and No. 13 on the R&B Albums chart.
Discography
Studio albums
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Portland, Oregon
Songwriters from Oregon
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
The Women's 200 metre individual medley competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 18 and 19 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 18 May at 10:14.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 18 May at 18:32.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 19 May at 18:15.
References
Women's 200 metre individual medley
2016 in women's swimming
Steinbrugg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Solothurn of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Solothurn
Castles in the canton of Solothurn
Halley is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Desha County, Arkansas, United States. It was first listed as a CDP in the 2020 census with a population of 44.
History
John J. Bowie (the eldest brother of James Bowie) purchased land in the area in 1857.
Construction of the Mississippi, Ouachita and Red River Railroad—the first chartered railway in Arkansas—began in 1852, and of track had been laid west from Eunice by the start of the Civil War. The line passed through Bowie's land, and a stop there was called "Bowie Station". The railroad was completed after the war, but abandoned in 1875 after flooding on the Mississippi River damaged the railbed and bridges. Highway 208 between Eunice and Halley was built on the abandoned railbed.
Bowie Station was later renamed "Halley" after early settlers, the Halley family.
In 1901, a line of the Missouri Pacific Railroad was built through Halley.
Demographics
2020 census
Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.
Infrastructure
The Halley Volunteer Fire Department is located in the settlement.
Notable person
Dewey Corley (1898–1974) – blues multi-instrumentalist musician in Memphis jug band ensembles, who was born in Halley.
References
Unincorporated communities in Desha County, Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
Census-designated places in Arkansas
Pretzfeld is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Geography
Geographical location
The municipality is located in the south-western part of Upper Franconia, in Franconian Switzerland. The region is known for growing and processing fruit. Of the approx. 2500 ha total area, 1100 ha are forest. The town of Pretzfeld lies in the west of the municipality, near the confluence of the Trubach and the Wiesent.
Districts
The pretzfeld municipality has 13 districts:
Economy and Infrastructure
The largest closed sweet cherry growing area in Germany and one of the largest in western Europe extends around the Pretzfeld market. Due to the warm climate and nutrient-rich soils, there are over 200,000 sweet cherry trees on 1700 ha.
In the municipality there are the breweries Nikl-Bräu in Pretzfeld, Meister in Unterzaunsbach and Penning-Zeißler in Hetzelsdorf. There are also several distilleries, one of the best known is the Haas distillery with an annual production of approx. 60 - 70,000 bottles.
From the semiconductor laboratory initiated by Walter Schottky in 1946, a plant for power semiconductors emerged , which last operated as the Infineon subsidiary eupec (European Power-Semiconductor and Electronic Company) before it was closed in 2002.
Architecture
The Rococo parish church of St. Kilian was built from 1742 to 1761 by the Bamberg architect Johann Jakob Michael Küchel.
The Pretzfeld Castle was mentioned in 1145 (or 1182) as the seat of the "Hademar de Bretevelt" (wide field). In its present form it dates from the middle of the 18th century. From 1375 the castle belonged to those of Wiesenthau, from 1522 to those of Stiebar, in 1754 the Bavarian Minister, Count von Seinsheim, received the fief, in 1852 the Nuremberg merchant Kohn bought property, which went to the Herrmann family through marriage, the current owners.
The Jewish cemetery , which has existed since the 17th century, mainly contains graves from the 18th and 19th centuries.
References
Forchheim (district)
This is a list of Spanish football transfers for the January sale in the 2010–11 season of La Liga and Segunda División. Only moves from La Liga and Segunda División are listed.
The winter transfer window opened on 1 January 2011, although a few transfers took place prior to that date. The window closed at midnight on 1 February 2011. Players without a club could have joined one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows. Clubs below La Liga level could also have signed players on loan at any time. If need be, clubs could have signed a goalkeeper on an emergency loan, if all others were unavailable.
List of Transfers
See also
List of Spanish football transfers summer 2010
References
Transfers Winter 2010-11
Football transfers winter 2010–11
2010-11
Engelen is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is part of the municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch.
Location and plan
Engelen is located in the north of North Brabant. It borders the villages Vlijmen and Bokhoven as well as the industrial area De Vutter in `s-Hertogenbosch.
Engelen is divided in several parts. The oldest part consists of the original village. The “new” part consists of the areas that were built before the current expansion took place. The newest part is called plan Haverleij. This consists of castle style housing blocks built around a courtyard / parking lot. Haverleij also includes an 18-hole golf course from Burg Golf. Haverleij borders Engelen Lock on the Dieze Canal. De Haverleij is also closer connecting Engelen to Bokhoven and Vlijmen.
One of the things that are typical for Engelen is the which is a small lake connected to the village by industrial ground De Vutter. January 4, 2007 Engelen came into the news because of a dead baby being found at the lake, which was left there by her parents, till so far the parents have not yet been found. The baby has been given the name “Engel van het Meer,” which means “Angel of the Lake”, referring to the name Engelermeer.
Engelen even has its very own anthem named; Kaas is Baas (en: Cheese is boss)
Facilities
Currently, there are many facilities, for example a sport complex with a tennis club, football club (FC Engelen), and a golf club located in De Haverleij, and also a healthcare facility called “De Lage Leun” including a dentist, chemists, and doctor's post. A main meeting place for people and companies in Engelen is the Engelenburcht, a social meeting place and small event hall where yearly activities for the inhabitants of Engelen, Bokhoven, and De Haverleij are held. A primary school De Matrix and Jenaplanschool Antonius Abt. serves Engelen and surrounding areas.
History
Engelen was a separate municipality between 1821 and 1971, when it was merged with 's-Hertogenbosch.
References
External links
Official site
Boroughs of 's-Hertogenbosch
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Abdeldjalil Bouanani (born 27 July 1966) is an Algerian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Algerian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Algeria
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
MC Oran Handball players
Sportspeople from Oran
21st-century Algerian people
Suresh Kumar Bhatia (born 1952) is an Indian-born chemical engineer and a professor at the School of Chemical Engineering, University of Queensland. He is known for his studies on porous media and catalytic and non-catalytic solid fluid reactions. He was awarded an ARC Australian Professorial Fellowship (2010–15) and is an elected fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences (1993), and the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (2010). In 1993, the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the Indian government's peak agency for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards, for his contributions to the engineering sciences.
Biography
Born on 8 September 1952, Bhatia graduated in chemical engineering (BTech) from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and gained his master's and doctoral degrees at the University of Pennsylvania. Starting his career in the US in the chemical industry, he shifted to university research by joining the University of Florida, where he worked for two years until his move to the Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai in 1984. He served IIT Mumbai for 12 years, winning the Herdillia Award for Excellence in Basic Research in Chemical Engineering, Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers in 1992. He joined the School of Chemical Engineering at the University of Queensland in 1996, where he is a professor.
Focusing his work on transport and reaction in nanostructured porous media, Bhatia has contributed to the field of catalysis, specifically in vapour-liquid and reaction equilibria in small pores. He elucidated multiphase reactions in catalyst particles by demonstrating the existence and consequence of partial internal wetting states.
He was elected a fellow of the Institution of Chemical Engineers, Australia. He received the ExxonMobil Award for excellence of the Institution of Chemical Engineers in 2009, and the Institution of Chemical Engineers, UK (2008). He served on the ARC's Excellence in Research Australia Panel in 2012, and received the University of Queensland, Vice-Chancellor's Research Excellence Award (2011).
Selected bibliography
See also
Porosity
Nanoporous materials
References
External links
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Engineering Science
1952 births
Indian scientific authors
Indian chemical engineers
Fellows of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Living people
IIT Kanpur alumni
University of Pennsylvania School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
University of Florida faculty
IIT Bombay faculty
University of Queensland faculty
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering
Vel Soap or Vel Detergent (from the slogan "Mar-VEL-ous") is a soap liquid detergent by Colgate-Palmolive. Introduced in the United States in the late 1940s, the product was sold in places such as Argentina, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Venezuela and other Latin American countries as well as in Scandinavia. In Mexico, it was sold as Vel Rosita (Vel Pink). This was due to the liquid being pink as well as the bottles it was sold in.
In 2002, the brand was retired, but survives on the Danish market.
References
Products and services discontinued in 2002
Colgate-Palmolive brands
Cleaning product brands
The Brive-la-Gaillarde - Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway is a 248-kilometre French railway line that connects the rural areas between Brive-la-Gaillarde and the large southern city of Toulouse via Figeac and Capdenac. The railway was opened in several stages between 1858 and 1864.
Route
The Brive-la-Gaillarde–Toulouse railway leaves the Brive-la-Gaillarde station in a southeastern direction, towards Saint-Denis-près-Martel station. Here, the line to Aurillac station leaves in an easterly direction and the preserved line to Martel in a westerly direction. The line soon crosses the River Dordogne and follows the valley for a short while before it opens out into flat land. The Figeac station is on two curves, where the line from Aurillac station joins. Shortly after leaving Figeac the railway travels through a 1.3 km tunnel and then travels alongside the River Lot and the preserved railway from Cahors joins; but this line has been disused since 2003. At Capdenac station the line to Rodez station leaves in an easterly direction. The line continues south from here, where after 95 km the line from Albi station and Rodez station join at Tessonnières station, although most interchanges are made at Gaillac station. From here the line twists and turns around the River Tarn until Saint-Sulpice-sur-Tarn station where the river heads northwest. At Saint-Sulpice the line from Castres station joins and the former line to Montauban leaves. The line continues a further 30 km before arriving at its southern terminus of Toulouse-Matabiau station.
Main stations
The main stations on the Brive - Toulouse railway are:
Brive-la-Gaillarde station
Figeac station
Capdenac station
Gaillac station
Saint-Sulpice-sur-Tarn station
Toulouse-Matabiau station
History
The first section that was opened in 1858 led from Lexos to Capdenac. Capdenac and Brive-la-Gaillarde were connected in 1862. Finally, the line was extended from Lexos to Toulouse in 1864.
Before the opening of this line in 1864, trains between Paris and Toulouse would travel via Tours and Bordeaux. The line remained the main link between Paris and Toulouse until 1891 when the Brive–Cahors section of the Orléans–Montauban railway was opened.
In 2010 a complete renewal of all the ballast between Capdenac and Tessonnières (95 km) took place.
Accident
On 3 August 1985 at 3:48 p.m., at the height of Flaujac-Gare, there was a serious train accident involving a Corail intercity train towards Assier and a train towards Gramat.
Services
The Brive–Toulouse railway is used by the following passenger services:
Intercités de nuit night trains from Paris to Albi on the section between Brive and Capdenac
TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, TER Nouvelle-Aquitaine and TER Occitanie regional services on the whole line
References
Railway lines in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Railway lines in Occitania (administrative region)
Railway lines opened in 1858
Standard gauge railways in France
A keris bahari is a long version of a keris dagger mainly used in Sumatra. It is also called keris panjang. Keris bahari is dubbed by European people as "Sumatran rapier kris" or "execution keris".
History
Keris bahari evolved from the original keris, which is a dagger. As men fought, they needed a weapon with greater reach, and keris became longer and heavier. Two forms then evolved: The first is rapier keris (keris bahari), and the second is broadsword keris (sundang). Because the blade became longer, the handle had to be straightened to balance it.
Description
The hilt of keris bahari is made of horn, sometimes of silver and fish ivory, usually beautifully carved. The shape of the hilt is straight or slightly curving at the end. The sheath tip is usually rounded, but if cased in silver it often has square tip. The blade of keris bahari is long and narrow. Keris bahari is classified to 3 type depending on the length: The longest is called keris panjang, the medium keris alang, and the shortest, keris pendek.
Execution by keris
The execution by keris is called hukuman salang. Salang is synonymous with keris panjang. The executioner made the victim to squat then drove the keris panjang from certain spot inside his collar bone down to the heart.
See also
Kalis
Langgai Tinggang
Luwuk (sword)
References
Further reading
Gardner, G. B. (1936). Keris and Other Malay Weapons. Singapore: Progressive Publishing Company.
Southeast Asian swords
Malayan swords
Blade weapons
Weapons of Indonesia
Weapons of Malaysia
The Road Individual Time Trial at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic was held on the second day of the cycling competition, on 11 August 2003.
Results
Men's Individual Time Trial (50 km)
Women's Individual Time Trial (30 km)
See also
Cycling at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's road time trial
Cycling at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's road time trial
References
cyclingnews
Road Time Trial
2003 in road cycling
Road cycling at the Pan American Games
Peer Günt are a hard rock band from Kouvola, Finland, formed in 1976. The band became known in mid-to-late 1980s with three successful albums, Peer Günt (1985), Backseat (1986) and Good Girls Don't... (1987).
Current members
Timo Nikki — Vocals, guitar
Pete Pohjanniemi — Bass
Sakke Koivula — Drums
Former members
Vesa Suopanki — Bass (1976-1977)
Pauli Johansson — Drums (1976-1977)
Jussi Kylliäinen — Secondary Lead Guitar (1977)
Jukka Loikala — Bass (1977-1979, 1981-1982)
Reima Saarinen — Drums (1977-1981)
Seppo Karjalainen — Keyboard (1977-1978)
Timo Kipahti — Vocals, Guitar (1979)
Petri Korppi — Bass (1979-1981)
Teijo "Twist Twist" Erkinharju — Drums (1981-2005)
Teijo "Tsöötz" Kettula — Bass (1983-2005)
Discography
Albums
Peer Günt (1985)
Backseat (1986)
Good Girls Don't... (1987)
Fire Wire (1988)
Don't Mess with the Countryboys (1990)
Smalltown Maniacs (1994)
No Piercing, No Tattoo (2005)
Guts and Glory (2007)
Buck the Odds (2009)
Finnish musical groups
Finnish rock music groups
Finnish hard rock musical groups
Finnish blues rock musical groups
Finnish heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1976
1976 establishments in Finland
Philippa Christian (born 20 October 1987), is an Australian celebrity nanny, television personality and author, from Brighton, Victoria, Australia. She has been featured on several Australian and American television networks. plus National and International Radio. Her debut novel, Nanny Confidential, was published in the summer of 2015.
Career
Born in Brighton, Victoria in Australia, Christian began baby-sitting at age 11, rising to fame after working as a nanny for a number of Australian celebrities in Los Angeles, the Bahamas, and India.
Christian has built a reputation for professionalism, confidentiality and loyalty to her clients. She once famously refused $280,000 for a photo of a former client and his new celebrity girlfriend.
Christian has appeared regularly on National TV, Print
Writing
In the summer of 2015, Christian published her debut fictional novel, "Nanny Confidential" with Allen & Unwin, showcasing the life of an elite Celebrity Nanny. Ghost written by freelance writer, and former Gracia editor, Amy Molloy, the novel became a bestseller shortly after its release date.
Christian has also written articles on nannying for Estate and Manor magazine.
Radio
Following the success of Nanny Confidential, Christian is continually interviewed on Australian radio services, including the Kyle and Jackie O Show and 3AW with Denis Walter.
Recognised internationally, Christian has also appeared on the BBC World Service in an interview with Kim Chakanetsa, about what it takes to be a Celebrity Nanny.
Television
Christian has been featured on both Australian and American television networks.
She has appeared on numerous Australian morning television shows, including the Seven Network, and the Nine Network.
In February 2016 Christian was flown to Los Angeles to do a sit down interview with Entertainment Tonight
Public Speaking
Christian has completed extensive public speaking engagements, including nanny training schools and public events. In 2015 Christian spoke at the Australian Nanny Conference in Sydney and in 2016 spoke at the Fairfax Essential Baby and Toddler show in Melbourne
References
External links
official website
Living people
1987 births
People from Melbourne
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1642.
Events
May – The 35-year-old John Milton marries the teenage Mary Powell. A few weeks later she leaves him in London and returns to her family in Oxfordshire.
May/June – English Cavalier poet Richard Lovelace is incarcerated in the Gatehouse Prison, Westminster for defying Parliament. During his time there he may be writing "To Althea, from Prison".
September 2 – The theatres in London are closed by the Puritan government; the "lascivious mirth and levity" of stage plays are to "cease and be forborn" for the next 18 years, during the English Civil War and the Interregnum. Richard Brome's A Jovial Crew is reportedly staged on the final day, making it the last to be performed in the era of English Renaissance theatre.
New books
Prose
Thomas Browne – Religio Medici
Gauthier de Costes, seigneur de la Calprenède – Cassandre
Thomas Fuller – The Holy State and the Profane State
Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft – Nederduytsche Historiën (History of the Netherlands, publication begins)
Sir Walter Ralegh – The Prince, or Maxims of State
Alonso de Castillo Solórzano – La garduña de Sevilla y anzuelo de las bolsas
Tohfatu'l-Ahbab, a Persian-language work by Muhammad Ali Kashmiri
Drama
Antonio Coello – Los empeños de seis horas (approximate date)
Pierre Corneille – Polyeucte
François le Métel de Boisrobert – La Belle Palène
Donaires del gusto
Pierre du Ryer – Saul
Francis Jaques – The Queen of Corsica
James Shirley – The Sisters
Jan Vos – Klucht van Oene (The Farce of Oene)
Poetry
John Denham – Cooper's Hill, the first example in English of a poem devoted to local description, in this case the Thames scenery around the author's home at Egham in Surrey
Richard Lovelace – "To Althea, from Prison"
Alonso de Castillo Solórzano – Academias morales de las musas
Births
March 15 (baptised) – Laurence Hyde, 1st Earl of Rochester, English politician and writer (died 1711)
April 21 – Simon de la Loubère, French diplomat, writer, mathematician and poet (died 1729)
April 30 – Christian Weise, German dramatist and poet (died 1708)
December 30 – Vincenzo da Filicaja, Florentine poet (died 1707)
Unknown dates
Abdul-Qādir Bīdel, Persian Sufi poet (died 1720)
Josep Romaguera, Catalan author (died 1723)
Ihara Saikaku (井原 西鶴), Japanese poet and creator of the ukiyozōshi (floating world) genre of prose (died 1693)
James Tyrrell, English political philosopher (died 1718)
Probable year of birth
Thomas Shadwell, English dramatist (died 1698)
Edward Taylor, English-born colonial American poet and author (died 1729)
Deaths
May 14 – Nicolas Ysambert, French theologian (born c. 1565)
June 1 – Sir John Suckling, English poet (born 1609)
July 5 – Festus Hommius, Dutch Calvinist theologian (born 1576)
Unknown dates
Abdul-Haqq Dehlavi, Indian Islamic scholar and writer (born 1551)
Sir Francis Kynaston, English poet (born 1587)
James Mabbe, English scholar, poet and translator (born 1572)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Devil in a Blue Dress is a 1990 hardboiled mystery novel by Walter Mosley, his first published book.
The text centers on the main character, Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins, and his transformation from a day laborer into a detective.
Plot
Set in 1948, the story begins in the Watts area of Los Angeles, with Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins, a Houstonian — from that city's Fifth Ward — who lost his job at an aviation defense plant in Los Angeles and is unable to pay the mortgage on his LA home. Easy is sitting in a bar run by Joppy, a friend who is also from Houston, when a man named DeWitt Albright walks into the bar and offers him a job finding a young White woman named Daphne Monet, who is rumored to be hanging out in bars frequented mostly by African Americans, but where White women are allowed inside.
At the bar, Easy meets two old friends, Coretta and Dupree, among many other people that he knew from his former life in Houston. Coretta says that she knows Daphne, but gives an incorrect address to Easy. He goes home with them and has sex with Coretta while Dupree is asleep in the next room. Easy then leaves her early the next morning, only to be arrested by the LAPD. Shortly thereafter, following police interrogation, Easy is told that Coretta is dead, and that he is a suspect in her murder.
When Easy finally does find Monet, he figures out that she has stolen a large amount of money from a man named Todd Carter, who is a local wealthy businessman. Albright wanted this money for himself. Eventually, Albright finds Monet through Easy, who is trying to shield the thieving woman.
Easy enlists the help of a friend and fellow Houstonian, Mouse, who shows up due to a half-hearted invitation from Easy and domestic strife back home. Easy and Mouse find Monet with Albright and Joppy, who was revealed to have killed Coretta and Howard Green, someone who had been previously beaten to death. They rescue her and kill Joppy and Albright. Then Mouse reveals that Monet is actually Ruby, an African-American woman passing as White, and the sister of a local gangster named Green. Mouse and Easy blackmail Ruby, taking her money and dividing it into thirds for each of them. Daphne/Ruby leaves shortly thereafter, and Easy has to clean up the mess with the police as well as Carter, who had initially hired Albright to find her, since he really did love her and not his money.
Easy approaches Carter and requests his help with the police. He blackmails him by saying that he will leak the information about his love for a Black woman unless he is protected from the law. Carter helps him. At the conclusion, Mouse returns to Houston, Easy takes up detective work, and Ruby disappears.
Main characters
Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins is an out-of-work African American man who has moved from Houston to Los Angeles. Easy is a war veteran and owns his own home. He is drawn into a mystery by Albright, who hires him to locate Monet, telling him that it is on behalf of a wealthy businessman named Todd Carter. Easy has no interest in life as a detective, but his tutelage under Albright encourages him to consider doing 'favors' for people as an ongoing career.
Raymond "Mouse" Alexander is Easy's best friend, described as dangerous and deadly. Easy calls Mouse to assist him when the case becomes dangerous, but Mouse's deadly nature forces Easy to question whether this is the right decision.
Daphne Monet is the young woman who has gone missing in the Watts neighborhood of LA; Easy is tasked with finding her, and as a result, gets caught up in the intrigue.
Dewitt Albright is the white private investigator who hires Easy to find Monet.
Frank Green is a criminal in the Watts neighborhood, who is known for his skills with a knife. He is connected to Monet, and a person of interest in Easy's investigation.
Jackson Blue is Easy's intelligent but cowardly friend, who assists him with information on his case.
Matthew Teran is a pedophile who recently dropped out of the mayor's race. He keeps a little Mexican boy as a sex slave, and is grotesque in appearance. He tries to use Daphne to get back at Carter, who forced him to withdraw his candidacy.
Odell Jones is Easy's quiet, cautious, religious middle-aged friend. He is wont to sit at John's or Vernie's, and sip one beer all night. He is also a voice of fear, advising Easy to run away from his problems.
Todd Carter is a well-connected white man who has a relationship with Monet. The president of Lion Investments, he is a humble-looking, weak-willed man with more money than any other character. He dated Monet until she stole $30,000 from him and vanished. He hires Albright, and later Easy, to bring Monet back to him. He also helps Easy to avoid jail time.
Analysis
The novel is an important contribution to African-American and ethnic detective fiction in that it focuses on a black protagonist who falls into the role of detective, but by the series' end, has made both the profession and the identity that often comes along with it his own. Particularly noteworthy are Easy's use of African-American English and the emergence of "the Voice" (an inner voice that advises Easy during particularly stressful or dangerous situations). Literary scholars of ethnic detective fiction have explored these qualities by means of genre study and gender identity approaches.
Reception
First published by W.W. Norton in 1990, Devil In a Blue Dress won the 1991 Shamus Award in the category of "Best First P. I. Novel".
Adaptations
Devil In a Blue Dress was adapted into a 1995 film of the same name, which starred Denzel Washington as Easy Rawlins, and also featured Jennifer Beals, Tom Sizemore, Maury Chaykin, as well as Don Cheadle as the unhinged "Mouse".
In 1996, a 10-part abridgement by Margaret Busby, read by Paul Winfield, was broadcast on BBC Radio 4, starting on April 1.
References
1990 American novels
Novels by Walter Mosley
Novels set in Los Angeles
American novels adapted into films
Shamus Award-winning works
African-American novels
1990 debut novels
American detective novels
Helcogramma is a genus in the triplefin family Tripterygiidae. The blennies in the genus Helcogramma are found throughout the Indo-Pacific and in the South Atlantic Ocean off the islands of St Helena and Ascension.
Characteristics
The fishes in the genus Helcogramma are characterised by the possession of a continuous lateral line which bends down towards the operculum, this lateral line comprises 7–39 tubular pored scales. There are three spines in the first dorsal fin and the anal fin has one spine, the pelvic fin has a single spine and two rays. The head is scaleless and normally the bases of the dorsal and anal fins have a scaleless strip. There are five bones in the joint between the caudal fin and the vertebrae, the hypurals.
Species
There are currently 41 recognized species in this genus:
Helcogramma albimacula J. T. Williams & Howe, 2003 (Whitespot triplefin)
Helcogramma alkamr Holleman, 2007
Helcogramma aquila J. T. Williams & C. J. McCormick, 1990 (Darktail triplefin)
Helcogramma ascensionis Lubbock, 1980 (Ascension triplefin)
Helcogramma atauroensis Fricke & Erdmann, 2017
Helcogramma billi P. E. Hadley, 1986
Helcogramma capidata Rosenblatt, 1960 (Hooded triplefin)
Helcogramma cerasina J. T. Williams & Howe, 2003
Helcogramma chica Rosenblatt, 1960 (Little hooded triplefin)
Helcogramma decurrens McCulloch & Waite, 1918 (Black-throated triplefin)
Helcogramma desa J. T. Williams & Howe, 2003 (Neglected triplefin)
Helcogramma ellioti (Herre, 1944)
Helcogramma ememes Holleman, 2007
Helcogramma fuscipectoris (Fowler, 1946) (Fourspot triplefin)
Helcogramma fuscopinna Holleman, 1982 (Blackfin triplefin)
Helcogramma gymnauchen (M. C. W. Weber, 1909) (Red-finned triplefin)
Helcogramma hudsoni (D. S. Jordan & Seale, 1906) (Hudson's triplefin)
Helcogramma inclinata (Fowler, 1946) (Triangle triplefin)
Helcogramma ishigakiensis Aoyagi, 1954
Helcogramma kranos R. Fricke, 1997 (Helmet triplefin)
Helcogramma lacuna J. T. Williams & Howe, 2003
Helcogramma larvata R. Fricke & J. E. Randall, 1992
Helcogramma maldivensis R. Fricke & J. E. Randall, 1992
Helcogramma microstigma Holleman, 2006
Helcogramma nesion J. T. Williams & Howe, 2003
Helcogramma nigra J. T. Williams & Howe, 2003 (Rotuma triplefin)
Helcogramma novaecaledoniae R. Fricke, 1994 (New Caledonian triplefin)
Helcogramma obtusirostris (Klunzinger, 1871) (Hotlips triplefin)
Helcogramma randalli J. T. Williams & Howe, 2003 (Randall's triplefin)
Helcogramma rharhabe Holleman, 2007
Helcogramma rhinoceros P. E. Hadley, 1986 (Rhinocerus triplefin)
Helcogramma rosea Holleman, 2006 (Rosy triplefin)
Helcogramma serendip Holleman, 2007
Helcogramma shinglensis Lal Mohan, 1971
Helcogramma solorensis R. Fricke, 1997 (Solor triplefin)
Helcogramma springeri P. E. Hadley, 1986 (Springer's triplefin)
Helcogramma steinitzi E. Clark, 1980 (Red triplefin)
Helcogramma striata P. E. Hadley, 1986 (Tropical striped triplefin)
Helcogramma trigloides (Bleeker, 1858) (Scarf triplefin)
Helcogramma vulcana J. E. Randall & E. Clark, 1993 (Volcano triplefin)
Helcogramma williamsi M. C. Chiang & I. S. Chen, 2012
References
Tripterygiidae
Taxa named by Allan Riverstone McCulloch
Taxa named by Edgar Ravenswood Waite
Philip of Brunswick-Grubenhagen (c. 1332 – 4 August 1369/1370) was Constable of Jerusalem. He belongs to the House of Welf.
Life
He was son of Henry II, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen called de Graecia and his second wife Heloise (Helwig, Helvis), daughter of Philip of Ibelin, Seneschal of Jerusalem. His father was the first son of Henry I, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and his sons could succeed him in Grubenhagen, but four of them joined the church and the rest three obtained careers far away: Otto married Joanna I of Naples, Philip became Constable of Jerusalem and Balthazar entitled despot of Romania. Additionally they had no male offspring, thus the principality of Grubenhagen remained to Ernest I, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen, younger brother of Henry II.
Philip was nephew of Adelheid of Brunswick, wife of Andronikos III Palaiologos the Roman Emperor.
Marriage and issue
He married firstly Helisia de Dampierre and had a daughter:
Helvis of Brunswick-Grubenhagen (1353–1421) married James I of Cyprus (son of Alix of Ibelin and Hugh IV of Cyprus). Helvis and James I had 12 children: Janus of Cyprus, Mary of Lusignan Queen of Naples and others.
Secondly he married Alix of Ibelin, the widow of Hugh IV of Cyprus. Because of the close relation, a Papal dispensation had been required for the marriage. There were no children from his 2nd marriage.
Coat of arms
References
Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, vol. 11, p. 485-486
Princes of Grubenhagen
Old House of Brunswick
The Lamar Lady Cardinals softball team represents Lamar University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Southland Conference. The Lady Cardinals are currently led by head coach Amy Hooks. The team played its home games at the off-campus Ford Park for the first two seasons following the program restart. The Lady Cardinals began playing home games at the Lamar Softball Complex located on the university's campus starting with the 2015 season.
History
LU first sponsored softball from 1971 through 1977 competing in the AIAW. Lamar finished second in the 1972 AIAW Texas state tournament. In addition to other head coaching duties, Pat Park was the Lady Cardinals head coach for the initial seasons. Coach Park also served as women's head coach for basketball, tennis, and golf while she was at Lamar.
In 1983 Lamar added softball as an NCAA Division I sport and competed in the Southland conference. Tryouts for the team were held on October 16, 1982. The sport was dropped in 1987 when Lamar left the Southland Conference. Patty Calvert was head coach during the 1982-1987 period.
On April 22, 2011, Athletic Director Larry Tidwell announced plans to reinstate college softball as an NCAA Division I sport at Lamar University. On August 1, 2011 former Morehead State head coach Holly Bruder was announced as the finalist to fill the head coaching position at Lamar after over 20 years with no program at the university. The Lady Cardinals finished fifth in the Southland Conference in their first season of competition (2012–13) following the restart of the program. The team also earned a berth in the Southland Conference softball tournament. Holly Bruder was removed as head coach on May 11, 2018. On June 20, 2018, Amy Hooks was named as head coach for the team.
Off-campus Ford Park was the home field for the first two seasons after the program was restarted. A new on-campus stadium was constructed in 2014-15. On October 17, 2014, a groundbreaking ceremony for the new Lamar Softball Complex was held. The first game at the partially completed on-campus stadium was played on March 6, 2015 against the Houston Baptist Huskies. The stadium was completed following the 2015 season.
NCAA Year-by-year results
Source:
(Results reflect games through May 11, 2022.)
Yearly attendance
Below is the Lady Cardinals' home attendance since the 2012–13 restart of the program.
*Note: Attendance restricted to 119 fans due to COVID-19 precautions.
**Note: Games after March 10, 2020 cancelled due to COVID-19 precautions.
*** Note: Temporary seating.
As of the 2021-20 season.
Post season appearances
National Invitational Softball Championship
The National Invitational Softball Championship started in 2017.
Conference Tournaments
Sources:
Awards and honors
Sources:
Southland Conference
All Conference First Team
Donna Dugas 1985, 87
Teresa Fuxa 1986
Tina Schulz 2014
Bryn Baca 2016, '17
Brittany Rodriguez 2016, '17
Kendall Talley 2018
Jade Lewis 2019
Hitter of the Year
Donna Dugas 1986
Newcomer of the Year
Laura Hall 1985
Ciara Luna 2016
Jade Lewis 2019
References
External links
This article lists the complete results of the playoffs stage of the 2013 BWF World Junior Championships – Teams event in Bangkok, Thailand.
Position 5-8
Thailand vs Vietnam
Chinese Taipei vs Malaysia
5-6
Malaysia vs Thailand
7-8
Chinese Taipei vs Vietnam
Position 9-16
Singapore vs Russia
France vs Scotland
Germany vs Denmark
India vs Hong Kong
Position 17-24
Position 25-30
References
2013 BWF World Junior Championships
2013 in youth sport
Balla Keita may refer to:
Balla Moussa Keïta (1934–2001), Malian actor and comedian
Balla Keita (Lieutenant General), United Nations Force Commander
Die sieben Worte Jesu Christi am Kreuz (The seven words of Jesus Christ on the Cross), SWV 478, is a German-language musical setting of the seven sayings of Jesus on the cross by Heinrich Schütz. It was written in Weissenfels around 1645 and revised in 1657. Schütz set the text of the biblical words in their context, framed by two stanzas from Johann Böschenstein's hymn "Da Jesus an dem Kreuze stund", as an oratorio or Passion cantata. He scored it for five voices (SATTB), five instrumental parts and continuo. The original title reads: Die Sieben Worte unsers lieben Erlösers u. Seeligmachers Jesu Christi, so er am Stamm des Hl. Kreuzes gesprochen (The seven words of our dear redeemer and saviour Jesus Christ, which he spoke on the stem of the Holy Cross).
History
Schütz wrote the work in Weissenfels around 1645, and revised it in 1655 to 1657. It was possibly composed for Protestant liturgy, such as the court of Margrave Christian Ernst von Brandenburg-Bayreuth, not the Catholic court in Dresden, or perhaps not for liturgy at all but for private devotion at court. The work was also performed in Leipzig. The oratorio is still in a fairly strict North German form, though more free than his four passion settings. The cover of a manuscript bears a poem which illustrates the meaning of the meditation: "Lebstu der Weltt, so bistu todt/ und kränckst Christum mit schmertzen / Stirbst' aber in seinen Wunden roth / So lebt er in deim Hertzen." (Lovest thou the World, then art thou dead, and the Lord must bear the Hurt / But dost thou die red in his Wounds, Then he liveth in thy Heart.)
Text
The work is in three sections, with a central text body compiled from the four Gospels in the Luther Bible, with emphasis on the Seven Words. The preceding Introitus and closing Conclusio are the first and last stanzas of the hymn "Da Jesus an dem Kreuze stund", written by (1472–1539). The hymn already contains a reflection on the Seven Words. In the following text and translation, the intervening text of the Evangelists, also set to be sung, is not shown.
Music
Schütz set the text as an oratorio, or cantata for Passiontide, for five voices (SATTB), five instrumental parts and continuo. The two framing hymn stanzas are set as motets for five parts, not using the traditional hymn tune. The two sinfonias are identical. In the narrative central part, the Evangelist's words are set for one to four voices, SATB, while the second tenor is the vox Christi, the voice of Christ. According to an early manuscript, the instruments play only in the sinfonia and with the vox Christi, while the introduction, Evangelist and conclusion are accompanied only by the continuo. The instruments are not specified, and can be a choir of viols, or strings, or woodwind instruments. The two groups of performers can be placed apart in performance.
The narrative and the dialogue, in which the Seven Words appear, are composed like contemporary operatic recitative in a style that Schütz had learned in Venice. The sinfonia is one of few surviving instrumental works by Schütz.
The work is a precursor of his Passions. The treatment of the vox Christi with obbligato instruments was used by Bach in his St Matthew Passion. The music for the dialogues is rhetoric, following the text.
Recordings
The work was first recorded in 1966 by Archiv: Peter Schreier and Theo Adam soloed with the Dresdner Kreuzchor under Rudolf Mauersberger. It was again recorded for Naxos in 2001 along with other sacred music by Schütz, conducted by Wolfgang Helbich. A reviewer described the work as a "distinctive and expansive score", and noted: "The depth of feeling offered by the principals is exceptional, with significant dramatic expression combined with conviction and appropriate reverence." The Dresdner Kammerchor recorded the work, along with Passions by Schütz, with soloists and a viol choir conducted by Hans-Christoph Rademann in 2012. A reviewer noted that the work was the highlight of the collection, with fine performances by the singers and expressive instrumental playing.
References
External links
Compositions by Heinrich Schütz
Ashford is an unincorporated community located in the town of Ashford, Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Gerhard Puchelt (18 February 1913 – August 1987) was a German pianist.
Life
Born in Stettin, Puchelt studied from 1931 to 1935 at the Akademie für Kirchen- und Schulmusik with Else C. Kraus and Eduard Erdmann and at the Humboldt University of Berlin. Afterwards, he worked as a concert pianist and accompanist for well-known singers, instrumentalists and chamber music ensembles. After the Second World War, he continued his career as a piano virtuoso and gave his first concert with the Berliner Philharmoniker as early as September 1945, Schumann, piano concerto op. 54. In 1949, he was appointed professor for piano at the Hochschule für Musik Berlin-Charlottenburg and remained in this position until 1978.
Puchelt performed in both parts of Germany, Western Europe, the Soviet Union - where he was the first West German pianist to be invited as early as 1956 -, South America, Japan and the USA. In 1962, when he gave five concerts in the Soviet Union, he was not allowed to take part in the concerts of the Philharmonic Orchestra in that year as planned, following a decision by the West Berlin cultural administration and the artistic director of the Berlin Philharmonic. The intention was to "counteract complaints in public".
Puchelt was a juror at numerous international piano competitions, including several times at the Robert Schumann International Competition for Pianists and Singers in Zwickau. In the 1970s, he was a member of the Broadcasting Council of the Sender Freies Berlin and deputy chairman of the programme committee there.
In the 1960s and 1970s Puchelt also toured with his daughter Christiane Edinger. He has been honoured several times for his outstanding work as a music teacher and concert pianist. He published among other things Lost Sounds: Studies on German Piano Music 1830-1880 and made a new instrumentation of the Piano Concerto No. 5 in C minor by Johann Baptist Cramer by the .
Puchelt is buried at the .
Work
Variationen für Klavier im 19. jahrhundert : Blüte und Verfall einer Kunstform.
Verlorene Klänge. Studien zur deutschen Klaviermusik 1830-1880.
Awards
Berliner Kunstpreis (1951)
Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany 1. Class (1978).
References
External links
German classical pianists
20th-century classical pianists
1913 births
1987 deaths
Musicians from Szczecin
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Luis Arteaga Leon is a Spanish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1979 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
The Puducherry Road Transport Corporation (PRTC) is the government transport corporation in the union territory of Puducherry that provides services in all the four regions of Puducherry, namely Pondicherry, Karaikal, Mahé and Yanam.
History
Pondicherry Tourism Development Corporation Limited (PTDC) was incorporated during February 1986 to promote tourism in the union territory of
Puducherry. With the introduction of transport service from March 1988, the corporation was converted into Pondicherry Tourism and Transport Development Corporation Limited (PT&TDC) with effect from December 1992. The corporation operates inter-state buses on 55 routes throughout the territory, providing direct services to important tourist destinations in all the southern states of India. PT&TDC has paid up capital of about Rs.28.42 crores and was incurring substantial annual losses in the tourism sector. Hence, the corporation was bifurcated with effect from 1 April 2005 into the Puducherry Road Transport Corporation (PRTC) and Pondicherry Tourism Development Corporation (PTDC), in order to focus on diversification and expansion projects.
Fleets
PRTC operates over 139 buses in various Inter-state and Intra-City routes. It operates around 40 JNNURM buses in all the 4 territories, viz: Puducherry, Karaikal, Mahe and Yanam, with a majority of them operating in Puducherry. The fleet with PRTC is entirely from Ashok Leyland.
Routes
It operates various inter-state routes, connecting important cities of Tamil Nadu and Kerala like Chennai, Tindivanam, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli, Kumbakonam, Kumily, Velankanni, Nagapattinam, Mayiladuthurai, Neyveli, Chidambaram, Viluppuram, Cuddalore , Palakkad, Malappuram, Kozhikode from its towns of Puducherry and Karaikal. It also operates to Mahe, Tirupathi, Bengaluru from Puducherry, which till date, are its only services outside Tamil Nadu. Off late, they have been adding more and more services in Mahe and Yanam. As of now, they are operating 3 JnNURM town buses, each in Mahe and Yanam.
Class of services
PRTC is now running the following types of buses, connecting different places in its 4 regions as well as to the neighboring states.
City Ordinary - 2*2 City bus and 3*2 City bus
City Semi Low Floor - 2*2 JnNURM bus
Express - 3*2 Mofussil Bus
Deluxe - 2*2 Non-Push Back
Ultra Deluxe - 2*2 Push Back
Volvo buses - 2*2 PDYCHN & PDYCUD
Future plans and expansion
PRTC has received a fresh batch of 25 buses from JnNURM for the city operations. Around 25 Semi-Low-Floor buses are being operated to destinations in and around the Pondicherry. It received another fresh batch of 14 new Semi-Low- Floor buses and they were inaugurated in the month of January, 3 out of which are running in Karaikal and Mahe, 2 in Yanam and the rest doing its service in Puducherry Urban Area in new routes.
There is also a proposal to replace all the inter-state buses. All of them have done more than 10 lakh km and are very old. Very recently PRTC has added 4 Ultra Delux buses of Prakash P8000 Model on the Pondicherry–Mahé and Pondicherry–Nagercoil routes. Another 3 Ultra Delux buses are expected to be added to the fleet soon. They also have replaced 30 of their age old inter-city bus fleet with new buses built by TVR Coach on Ashok Leyland platform and they also have procured 200 electronic ticket vending machines enabled with GPS and GPRS as a part of preventing revenue leakage.
Very recently they have invited tenders for procurement of 50 buses under JnNURM - II. They include 20 Standard Non-AC buses, 20 Mini Non-AC buses. They are expected to hit the road sometime in 2014 and are to be deployed in new local routes.
Volvo Buses
PRTC also operates 2 Volvo AC buses to two different locations. They were procured in 2006–2007, but in the year 2010–11 they were withdrawn due to an accident and a court order to halt the service between Puducherry (city) and Bengaluru. Now, due to the efforts of the new general manager and the managing director, the buses have been sent to the Volvo factory and have been re-furbished with a complete FC. Both the buses have been delivered back to PRTC and has started its service in Puducherry –Chennai route.
10 new Volvo buses to ply in Puducherry and to Chennai .A fleet of brand-new Volvo buses rolled out to enhance the travel experience of the commuters on Friday[12-07-2014].
Chief Minister N. Rangasamy flagged off the 10 swanky, air-conditioned buses of the Puducherry Road Transport (PRTC) Corporation Limited here.
See also
Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation
Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation
State Express Transport Corporation (Tamil Nadu)
Metropolitan Transport Corporation (Chennai)
References
Bus companies of India
State road transport corporations of India
Companies based in Puducherry
Transport in Puducherry
Transport companies established in 1988
Government agencies established in 1988
1988 establishments in Pondicherry
Anwar al-Khatib (; 1917–1993) was a Palestinian politician based in Jerusalem.
Career
Khatib was born in Hebron, Palestine, towards the end of the Ottoman Caliphate. He was from a prominent land-owning Hebron and East Jerusalemite family whose name "Khatib" stemmed from the deliverance of Islamic sermons by imams during Friday prayer and Eid prayers. He started his political career as a lawyer at the Palestine Higher Islamic Council. He then headed a municipal executive committee between 1949 and 1950, when he was mayor of East Jerusalem, but was replaced to find someone more experienced in Palestinian tribal history. Due to Jordan not formally annexing the West Bank until April 24, 1950, Khatib inherited civil authorities of Palestine, but he subsequently served district commissioner of Old Jerusalem, carrying out administrative duties under the Jordanian government, after being appointed by Abdullah I of Jordan. After the 1967 Israeli invasion, he was banished to Safed on charges of "incitement to subversion" against Israel and were put under police surveillance with orders to report to the police three times a day. He refused to acknowledge the dismissal and found employment as director of the Arab Hotels Company and the Jerusalem Electric Company but attempted to reinstate his old office. He died of a heart attack in East Jerusalem in 1993.
References
1917 births
1993 deaths
Mayors of Jerusalem
Palestinian politicians
People from Jerusalem
People from Hebron
control(human, data, sound) is a technology performance created by Bob van Luijt and performed in December 2014. During the performance a dancer wears a "Brain Sense Wearable" that sends its OCR data to a Node.js application that contains a music composition. In 2015 the work was selected as an awards Finalist for CREATE 2015 in Pittsburgh, USA, in the category art+technology.
Background
The project is an abstraction of the interaction between a human and his/her data. As Bob van Luijt states on chds.io: "A human being is able to contextualize data, and it's the context that gives data its value. But a computer merely observes my data, based on algorithms that try to give context. That context makes sense sometimes, but often it doesn't make sense at all. In the meantime, the data just sits there as a source of information, without any meaning."
Reception
control(human, data, sound) was selected by a jury for exhibition at the following international art and design events:
Venice Art Week - Borders & Disorders, March 13–20, 2015 and Berlin DMY International Design Festival, June 11–14, 2015
See also
CHDS.io, website with background information
IMDB profile for control(human, data, sound)
References
Performances
2014 compositions
Polyortha bryographa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
References
Moths described in 1909
Polyortha
Thordisa azmanii is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1989
Hank Wilson's Back Vol. I am an album by singer and songwriter Leon Russell singing as Hank Wilson. The UK edition has a banner printed on the front of the sleeve to the right of Russell's stetson saying "Leon Russell!", presumably as a marketing initiative to promote the album using the strength of Russell's name.
The album was recorded in 1973 at Bradley's Barn, Mount Juliet, Tennessee. The album was mixed at Ardent Studios. The album has classic country and bluegrass tunes and was produced by J. J. Cale, Audie Ashworth, Leon Russell, and Denny Cordell.
Originally released as a vinyl LP, Hank Wilson's Back Vol. I was re-released on CD by DCC Compact Classics in 1990 and again by The Right Stuff Records in 1996.
Background
Leon Russell was born in Oklahoma, had a home in Tulsa, and grew up around country and blues music. After making successful rock albums, touring, and releasing the concert album Leon Live, he returned to his roots under the name of a fictional musical personality: Hank Wilson. Leon Russell and some of his close friends from both Los Angeles and Nashville recorded the honky tonk songs between February 26 and February 28 in 1973.
Leon made a total of four Hank Wilson albums:
Hank Wilson's Back Vol. I (1973)
Hank Wilson, Vol. II (1984)
Legend in My Time: Hank Wilson Vol. III (1998)
Rhythm & Bluegrass: Hank Wilson, Vol. 4 (2001)
In 2009 Leon released the album Best of Hank Wilson
Charts
Track listing
All songs performed by Leon Russell. All tracks composed by artist listed.
Side 1
"Roll in My Sweet Baby's Arms" (Lester Flatt) - 4:25
"She Thinks I Still Care" (Dickey Lee) - 4:28
"I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry" (Hank Williams) - 3:10
"I'll Sail My Ship Alone" (Henry Bernard, Morry Burns, Lois Mann, Henry Thurston) - 2:36
"Jambalaya (On the Bayou)" (Hank Williams) - 2:49
"A Six Pack to Go" (Dick Hart, Johnny Lowe, John Lowell, Hank Thompson) - 2:20
Side Two
"The Battle of New Orleans" (Jimmie Driftwood) - 2:38
"Uncle Pen" (Bill Monroe) - 2:15
"Am I That Easy to Forget" (Carl Belew, Shelby Singleton, W.S. Stevenson) - 2:35
"Truck Drivin' Man" (Terry Fell) - 2:11
"The Window Up Above" (George Jones) - 3:24
"Lost Highway" (Leon Payne) - 2:18
"Goodnight Irene" (Huddie Ledbetter, John A. Lomax) - 4:01
Bonus Tracks
"Hey, Good Lookin'" (Hank Williams) - 2:42
"In the Jailhouse Now" (Jimmie Rodgers) - 5:19
Personnel
Leon Russell - vocals, producer
Harold Bradley - bass
David Briggs - piano, backing vocals
Jim Buchanan – fiddle
Billy Byrd - electric guitar
J.J. Cale – electric guitar, producer
Jerry Carrigan - drums
Curly Chalker - steel guitar
Dianne Davidson - rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Pete Drake - steel guitar
Ray Edenton - rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Johnny Gimble - fiddle
Buddy Harman - drums
Millie Kirkham - backing vocals
Grady Martin - electric guitar
Charlie McCoy - harmonica, backing vocals
Melba Montgomery - backing vocals
Bob Moore - electric upright bass
Weldon Myrick - steel guitar
Carl Radle - electric bass
Hargus "Pig" Robbins - piano
Butch Robins - dobro
Hal Rugg - steel guitar
Billy Sanford - high string and rhythm guitar
Tut Taylor - dobro
Bobby Thompson - banjo
Pete Wade - electric guitar
Chip Young - high string guitar
Joe Zinkan - electric upright bass
Joe Mills - engineer
Audie Ashworth - producer
Denny Cordell - producer
References
External links
Youtube Leon Russell Goodnight Irene in Studio
Leon Russell discography
Leon Russell lyrics
Leon Russell Records
Leon Russell NAMM Oral History Program Interview (2012)
1973 albums
Leon Russell albums
Shelter Records albums
Albums produced by Leon Russell
albums produced by Denny Cordell
The following is a list of commencement speeches given by Sister Helen Prejean.
References
Cultural lists
Speeches by type
The 2010 World Aesthetic Gymnastics Championships, the 11th edition of the Aesthetic group gymnastics competition, was held in Varna, Bulgaria from June 10 to 12, at the Palace of Culture and Sports.
Participating nations
Medal winners
Results
Senior
The top 10 teams (2 per country) and the host country in Preliminaries qualify to the Finals.
References
External links
http://www.ifagg.com/competition/new-results/
https://ifagg.sporttisaitti.com/
World Aesthetic Gymnastics Championships
International gymnastics competitions hosted by Bulgaria
2010 in gymnastics
Sport in Varna, Bulgaria
The Indian Packing Company was a company that was involved in the canned meat industry and was organized in Delaware on July 22, 1919. Its canned meat sold as "Council Meats." When the company was absorbed by the Illinois-based Acme Packing Company in 1921, it had facilities in Green Bay, Wisconsin; Providence, Rhode Island; Greenwood, Indiana; and Dupont, Indiana. At the time of the sale it was controlled by New England Supply Company of Providence, Rhode Island with F.P Comstock as its principal owner.
Among its slogans were "A meat market on your pantry shelf" and "From the Wisconsin country to you."
The Acme Meat Packing Company closed in June, 1943 because of supply shortages related to World War II; it did not reopen after the war.
The company gave its name to the Green Bay Packers. The football team took its name after Curly Lambeau, a shipping clerk for the company, successfully asked the company's owner, Frank Peck, for money for jerseys and use of the company's athletic field in 1919.
References
Green Bay Packers
Meat processing in the United States
American companies established in 1919
American companies disestablished in 1921
Agriculture companies established in 1919
Club Atlético Jorge Newbery, familiarly known as Newbery is an Argentine Football club, located in the city of Comodoro Rivadavia, Chubut.
History
The Club Atlético Jorge Newbery was officially established on 19 April 1924 as "Nacional Foot-Ball Club". The club formed from the merge of two clubs from the city: Sportivo Rivadavia and Correos y Telégrafos. On 23 May 1934 the club was forced to change its name because of a decree promulgated by de facto President of Argentina Agustín Pedro Justo. That decree established the prohibition of using the word "National" in any entity or particular association.
On 30 June 1934 an assembly was held to rename the institution. One of the proposals was "Argentinos del Sud" although the club finally chose the name "Jorge Newbery" as a tribute to the most important sportsman to date.
The first match as Jorge Newbery was played on 8 July 1934, beating Gimnasia y Esgrima 3–1. That same year the club began to build its sports field, which lasted until 2008 when Jorge Newbery opened its new facilities.
References
External links
Official site
Newbery es Comodoro
Jorge Newbery
1924 establishments in Argentina
Jin Hwan (1913 – 1951) was a Korean painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1946, he served as the principal of Youngsun High School in Gochang founded by his father. In 1948, he served as a professor at Hongik University in Seoul. In 1951, he died in Gochang during the Third Battle of Seoul of the Korean War.
References
1913 births
1951 deaths
20th-century Korean painters
Korean painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Hongik University faculty
People from Gochang County
Yeoyang Jin clan
Military personnel killed in the Korean War
The UPA-Left Coordination Committee was a platform dedicated to coordinate policy discussions between the Indian National Congress and the parliamentary left-wing parties during the UPA I cabinet governing India 2004–2009. During this period the parliamentary left parties were providing outside support to the government, without being part of the governing coalition as such.
The four left parties in the UPA-Left Coordination Committee were the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)), Communist Party of India (CPI), the Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP) and the India Forward Bloc (AIFB). The left parties were represented by six members in the committee, two each from CPI(M) (Prakash Karat and Sitaram Yechury) and CPI (A.B. Bardhan and D. Raja) and one each from RSP (Abani Roy) and AIFB (Debabrata Biswas). The UPA was represented by its chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, as well as by individual ministers who would be invited depending on the topics to be discussed. On the UPA side, no other party than the Indian National Congress was represented in the committee. During the Nationalist Congress Party convention of 2006, NCP leader and Minister of Agriculture Sharad Pawar appealed for inclusion of the different UPA constituents in the UPA-Left Coordination Committee. In the formation of the committee, there was an unwritten understanding that the Congress would let the communist parties vet any major policy proposals.
The first major friction between the government and the left occurred over the government plans to divest from Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited in 2005. In June 2005, the left parties began boycotting the UPA-Left Coordination Committee. In October 14, 2005 the left parties suspended their boycott, as they had received reassurances from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi that there would be no divestment from BHEL and other 'navaratna companies'.
The second major friction between the government and the left parties occurred ahead of the March 6, 2006 vote on Iran in the International Atomic Energy Agency. On February 10, 2006 the CPI(M) Politburo hinted that their support to the UPA government would be in peril unless their demands on the IAEA vote were headed. As tensions on the issue simmered, the left parties came to a common understanding with the opposition Samajwadi Party. Notably, in the same period, the Samajwadi Party and the Telugu Desam Party had announced that they were presenting a no-confidence vote against the UPA government on the coming budget session. The UPA-Left Coordination Committee met on February 13, 2006.
The seventh meeting of the UPA-Left Coordination Committee was held on March 17, 2006. Following the meeting Prakash Karat requested further safeguards to India before supporting the Indo-US nuclear deal.
The eight meeting of the UPA-Left Coordination Committee was held in May 2006.
Later phase of the UPA I government tenure, the UPA-Left Coordination Committee rarely met. On June 2, 2008 the RSP Central Committee decided to pull out of the committee, arguing that unilateral actions of UPA had rendered the committee meaningless and that the policies of the UPA government were paving the path for growing BJP influence. In response to the move of RSP to leave the committee, CPI(M) leader Biman Bose declared that the committee had become 'ineffective and defunct'.
References
Defunct political party alliances in India
Manmohan Singh administration
United Progressive Alliance
The Archdeacon of Wells is a senior clergy position in the Church of England Diocese of Bath and Wells. The post, having oversight over the archdeaconry of Wells in Somerset has existed since the twelfth century. The archdeaconry includes seven deaneries.
List of archdeacons
High Medieval
Archdeacons without territorial titles:
bef. 1086–aft. 1088: Benselin, Archdeacon of Exon
bef. 1106–aft. 1106: Walkerius
bef. 1106–aft. 1106: Robert
bef. 1120–aft. 1136: Arald
bef. 1122–bef. 1136: John de Bada (son of Hildebert)
Archdeacons of Wells:
bef. 1142–aft. 1151: Eustace
bef. 1159–aft. 1166: Robert
bef. 1168–aft. 1194: Thomas of Earley (Erlegh) alias Agnellus
bef. 1198–aft. 1199: Simon of Wells (later Bishop of Chichester)
bef. 1204–1209 (res.): Hugh of Wells (became Bishop of Lincoln)
bef. 1215–aft. 1231: William of Bardney
bef. 1238–1248 (res.): William of Bitton (uncle; became Bishop of Bath and Wells)
aft. 1248–bef. 1249 (res.): John of Bitton
bef. 1249–aft. 1254: Peter Chaceporc
bef. 1263–1267 (res.): William of Bitton (nephew) (became Bishop of Bath and Wells)
1267–1268 (res.): Godfrey Giffard (also Archdeacon of Barnstaple until May 1267; also Archdeacon of York from 1267; became Bishop of Worcester)
bef. 1269–aft. 1269: S. (i.e. either Simon de Micham or Stephen of Chichester)
bef. 1270–1284 (res.): Thomas Bytton (became Dean of Wells)
bef. 1286–aft. 1295: Walter Haselshaw (later Dean of Wells)
bef. 1295–24 January 1303 (d.): Peter de Insula (previously Archdeacon of Exeter)
Late Medieval
aft. 1303–24 May 1326 (res.): Thomas de Charlton
24 May–13 June 1326 (exch.): Wibert de Lutleton
13 June 1326–bef. 1334: Robert de Wamberg (bishop's candidate; admitted but disputed by king's candidates)
29 June 1329 – 1330: Simon de Montacute (royal grant; never admitted)
15 October 1330 – 1332: Thomas Upton (royal grant; never admitted)
bef. 1334–aft. 1336: Robert Mortimer
bef. 1344–aft. 1344: Hugh
bef. 1346–1352 (res.): Thomas Fastolf (became Bishop of St David's)
3 January 1353 – 12 June 1361 (d.): William de Court
27 October 1361–bef. 1369 (res.): Étienne Cardinal Aubert (Cardinal-deacon of Santa Maria in Aquiro)
21 February 1369 – 22 July 1376 (d.): Simon Cardinal Langham (former archbishop of Canterbury; cardinal-priest of San Sisto Vecchio until 1373, then Cardinal-Bishop of Palestrina; also Archdeacon of York from 1374)
bef. 1385–aft. 1388: Andrew Baret
1386–aft. 1391: John de Rypon (royal grant)
13 September 1388: John Beer (unsuccessful royal grant)
6 June 1391: Thomas Tuttebury (unsuccessful royal grant; became Dean of Wells)
28 August 1391 – 4 May 1398 (exch.): Nicholas Slake
4 May 1398–bef. 1419 (d.): John Ikelyngton
13 April 1419–bef. 1449 (d.): Thomas Bubwith
15 April 1450 – 1 April 1470 (d.): Andrew Holes
bef. 1471–bef. 1473 (d.): Thomas Bridlington
12 April 1473–bef. 1494 (res.): William Nykke
10 July 1494 – 1500 (res.): Richard Nykke (became Bishop of Norwich)
30 December 1500–bef. 1502 (res.): François de Busleyden, Archbishop of Besançon
19 November 1502 – 1507 (d.): Thomas Beaumont (previously Archdeacon of Bath)
1 January 1508 – 26 December 1546 (res.): Polydore Vergil (also called Castellensis)
Early modern
Archdeaconry resigned to the crown and abolished, 1547.
bef. 1547–aft. 1554: Vergil still called Archdeacon of Wells
bef. 1554–?: Cotterell already called Archdeacon of Wells
Archdeaconry re-erected, 1556.
bef. 1559–1572 (d.): John Cotterell
bef. 1572–bef. 1582 (d.): John Rugge
March 1582–?: Bartholomew Clerke (a layman)
4 February 1589–aft. 1605: John Langworth
1611–aft. 1645: Gerard Wood
1645–bef. 1649: William Watts (never took possession)
1660–27 April 1680 (d.): Grindal Sheafe
28 April 1680 – 1683 (d.): Charles Thirlby
10 November 1683 – 8 October 1705 (d.): Edwin Sandys
11 October 1705 – 7 March 1716 (d.): Samuel Hill
4 May 1716 – 24 November 1726 (d.): Henry Layng
7 December 1726 – 1 October 1739 (d.): Edmund Archer (previously Archdeacon of Taunton)
26 November 1739 – 14 November 1742 (d.): John Wicksted
24 November 1742 – 20 April 1749 (d.): George Shakerley
19 August 1749 – 7 November 1757 (d.): Edmund Aubery
26 April 1758 – 26 February 1760 (d.): Lionel Seaman (previously Archdeacon of Taunton)
9 August 1760 – 1 October 1767 (d.): Francis Potter (previously Archdeacon of Taunton)
20 October 1767 – 12 May 1815 (d.): William Willes (previously Archdeacon of Taunton)
7 July 1815 – 5 April 1826 (d.): Charles Sandiford
4 October 1826 – 1862 (res.): Henry Law (became Dean of Gloucester)
Late modern
1862–?: Fitzhardinge Portman (died 1893)
April 1863–24 December 1897 (d.): Augustus Otway Fitzgerald, Rector of Charlton Mackrell (St Mary) until 1876, then Vicar of Brent Knoll
March 1898–20 September 1899 (d.): Edwin Arthur Salmon, Vicar of Brent Knoll
1899–1 May 1917 (d.): Frederick Brymer, Rector of Charlton Mackrell (St Mary)
1917–19 December 1934 (d.): Walter Farrer, Vicar of St Cuthbert's, Wells until 1919
1935–1940 (res.): George Hollis, Bishop suffragan of Taunton
1940–1951 (ret.): Walter Norman Higgins, Rector of Mells until 1944
1951–1962 (ret.): Harold Bryant Salmon
1963–1973 (ret.): John Lance
1974–1982 (res.): Peter Haynes (became Dean of Hereford)
1983–1993 (ret.): Ted Thomas
1993–2003 (ret.): Richard Acworth
2003–2006: Peter Maurice (became Bishop suffragan of Taunton)
April 200717 September 2016 (res.): Nicola Sullivan (became Dean of Southwell)
5 September 201620 May 2017: Kevin Roberts (Acting)
20 May 2017present: Anne Gell
Notes
References
Sources
Lists of Anglicans
Lists of English people
The Ministry for Kosovo and Metohija () was the ministry in the Government of Serbia responsible for the issues relating to Kosovo and Metohija.
History
The ministry was formed on 7 July 2008, taking over the jurisdictions of disbanded Coordination Center for Kosovo and Metohija. It was abolished on 27 July 2012 after the formation of the Office for Kosovo and Metohija, while also one minister without portfolio was in charge for the issues that were in charge of the abolished ministry.
List of ministers
Political Party:
See also
Office for Kosovo and Metohija
References
External links
Serbian ministries, etc – Rulers.org
Defunct government ministries of Serbia
2008 establishments in Serbia
2012 disestablishments in Serbia
Ministries established in 2008
Ministries disestablished in 2012
Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija
Kosovo–Serbia relations
Club Deportivo Olímpico de León is a Spanish women's football club from León currently playing in Segunda División.
History
The club was founded as Puente Castro FC, before taking the name of León Fútbol Femenino in 1991. Puente Castro was one of the nine founding teams of the Liga Nacional de Fútbol Femenino in 1988.
The club enjoyed its best results in the following years, reaching the national cup's semifinals in 1990 and 1993 and playing in the División de Honor in 1989 — 1991 and 1995. In subsequent years the team played in the second tier, which served as the top category from 1997 to 2001 after the División de Honor was disbanded. León's best results in the second tier were 3rd positions in 2005 and 2010. It was briefly relegated to the third tier in 2006, 2008 ans 2013.
After spending four years in Regional, León FF promoted again to Segunda División in 2017. In May 2018, León FF was absorbed by CD Olímpico de León, becoming its women's football section.
Season to season
As Puente Castro
As León FF
As Olímpico de León
Former internacionals
Celsa García
Mercedes González
References
Women's football clubs in Spain
Football clubs in Castile and León
Sport in León, Spain
Anatoly Nikolayevich Pepelyayev (; , in Tomsk – 14 January 1938) was a White Russian general who led the Siberian armies of Admiral Kolchak during the Russian Civil War. His elder brother Viktor Pepelyayev served as Prime Minister in Kolchak's government.
Early life and career
Anatoly Pepelyayev was brought up "in the family of a military man." who was a Lieutenant General in the Imperial Russian Army, by the name of Nikolai Mikhailovich Pepelyayev (05/06/1858-11/20/1916.) and to the daughter merchant by the name of Claudia Nekrasova. He had a total 8 siblings, two of which were his sisters, and the remainder were his brothers.
During his youth, one of his brothers, one Pyotr Nikolaevich, passed away.
Sometime in 1912, Pepelyayev married a woman by the name of Nina Ivanovna Gavronskaya. Born in Nizhneudinsk in 1893, Nina Gavronskaya and Anatoly Pepelyayev had two children, Vsevolod Anatolievich Pepelyaev in 1913, and Lavr Anatolievich Pepelyaev in 1922. Nina Gavronskaya died in 1979.
First World War and the Trans-Siberian march
A graduate of the Omsk Cadets Corps (Graduated in 1908, entered 1902.), followed by his graduation from the Pavlovsk Military School (Graduated in 1910, having joined the same year he graduated the Omsk Cadets Corps.), Pepelyayev took part in World War I at the rank of Lieutenant and distinguished himself at the battles of Przasnysz and Soldau. A group composed of 4 squadrons of mounted scouts from the 42nd Regiment, 11th Siberian Rifle Division, was led by Pepelyaev in mid-September 1915. By the Russian Revolution, he was a Lieutenant Colonel, and took the helm of the White movement in his native Siberian city of Tomsk, raising the 1st Middle Siberian Corps and joining forces with the White Czechs.
In the summer of 1918 Pepelyayev's corps was involved in a remarkable expedition to the east along the Trans-Siberian Railway. It was as a consequence of this expedition that the Whites managed to bring Siberia under their direct control. On 18 June Pepelyayev entered Krasnoyarsk; on 26 August he advanced as far east as Chita. Having crossed Transbaikalia, Pepelyayev's forces linked up with the Amur Cossacks of Grigory Semyonov in early September.
Service under Kolchak
In December, Pepelyayev's forces resumed their high tempo advance, this time to the west. On December 16, 1918, Pepelyaev signed Order No. 049, directing an attack on Perm. His greatest victory was the Capture of Perm, where some roughly 20,000~ Red Army soldiers were taken prisoner on 25 December 1918 following its abandonment. By the evening of the aforementioned 25 of December, the city was under White Army control. These Bolsheviks were reportedly released back to their homes on Pepelyayev's personal orders. For this victory, he was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General, nicknamed "Siberian Suvorov" (because his accomplishment coincidentally happened just after the 128th anniversary of the capture of the fortress of Izmail by Alexander Suvorov), and, for preliminary accomplishments and this, awarded the Order of St. George of the 3rd degree. Further advances on Vyatka were impeded by heavy frost. As the spring rasputitsa arrived, Pepelyayev's position deteriorated. His armies had outrun their supply lines and were exhausted from many months of incessant warfare, while the Red Army was pouring newly raised troops into the area.
Pepelyayev's taking of Glazov on 2 June 1919 was his last success. During the following months, his First Siberian Army suffered a series of setbacks and fell back on Tobolsk, where they were forced to make a last stand against the Bolsheviks. By the end of the year, the White Army had collapsed into a panic and abandoned Omsk, followed by Tomsk.
Pepelyayev's conflict with Kolchak came to a head in mid-December 1919 when he issued threats to arrest the White admiral. They were reconciled by Viktor Pepelyayev before Anatoly was disabled by typhus and transferred for convalescence to Harbin. The remains of his army joined that of Vladimir Kappel and crossed the frozen Lake Baikal during the Great Siberian Ice March.
"Pepelyayevshchina"
During his stint in Harbin, the former general was employed in menial jobs, including those of carpenter and taxi driver. Still, he harboured the intention of wresting Siberia from the Bolsheviks. On 31 August 1922 Pepelyayev and 553-strong volunteer "druzhina" embarked on the last major operation of the Civil War. They sailed into the Sea of Okhotsk and disembarked at the port of Okhotsk, aiming to penetrate westward into the rugged mountainous country.
In September Pepelyayev sailed up the Okhota River into Siberia, with his eyes set on Yakutsk. His troops swarmed over Yakutia, but were contained by Ivan Strod's Bolsheviks. Numerically weaker, they were defeated by sheer weight of numbers. After abandoning the key settlement of Amga, Pepelyayev pressed on towards the Pacific in the hope of making a crossing to Sakhalin. This final campaign saw him defeated near Okhotsk on 1–2 May. Pepelyayev surrendered to the Bolsheviks after the siege of the seaside village of Ayan on 17 June 1923. This was the last siege of the Russian Civil War.
Imprisonment and death
Lieutenant General Pepelyayev was tried by the Vladivostok military tribunal and sentenced to execution by firing squad. After he asked Mikhail Kalinin for pardon, the sentence was commuted to ten years in prison. He served this term in the Yaroslavl prison, then in Butyrki. Pepelyayev was finally set at liberty on 6 June 1936 and was employed as a carpenter in Voronezh. In August 1937, during The Great Purges, he was again arrested, taken to Novosibirsk, tried on charges of having created a counter-revolutionary organization, sentenced to death on December 7 and executed on 14 January 1938 as 'enemy of the people'. His Civil War rival Ivan Strod also perished in the Great Purge. Pepelyayev was posthumously cleared of these charges and completely rehabilitated on October 20 1989.
Honours and awards
Order of St. Anna, 4th class with the inscription "For Bravery", 3rd class and 2nd class
Order of St. Stanislaus, 3rd and 2nd classes
Order of St. Vladimir, 4th class, with swords and bow
Order of St. George, 4th class (27 January 1917)
Gold Sword for Bravery (27 September 1916)
In popular culture
Pepelyayev plays a supporting character in the novel 1936, written by Sean League. The work offers a fictional explanation for his release from prison in 1936 and re-arrest and execution a year later.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Последние бои на Дальнем Востоке. М., Центрполиграф (Recent fighting in the Far East. M. Tsentrpoligraf), 2005.
Александр Петрушин. Омск, Аян, Лубянка... Три жизни генерала Пепеляева. // «Родина», 1996 No. 9. (Alexander Petrushin. Omsk, Ayan, Lubyanka ... Three Lives General Pepelyaev. / / "Homeland", 1996 number 9)
Клипель В. И. Аргонавты снегов. О неудавшемся походе генерала А. Пепеляева. (Klipel VI Argonauts snow. On the failed campaign of General A. Pepelyaev)
Пепеляевщина. 6 сентября 1922 — 17 июня 1923 гг. (Pepelyaevschina. September 6, 1922 - June 17, 1923)
Грачев Г. П. Якутский поход генерала Пепеляева (под ред. П. К. Конкина) (Grachev GP Yakut hike General Pepelyaev (ed. Konkin PK))
1891 births
1938 deaths
People from Tomsk
People from Tomsk Governorate
White movement generals
Russian generals
Russian anti-communists
Great Purge victims from Russia
Soviet rehabilitations
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 4th class
Recipients of the Gold Sword for Bravery
Tai Kong Po () is a village in Pat Heung, Yuen Long District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Tai Kong Po is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Lin Tai Kong Po Tsuen (Pat Heung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Antiquities Advisory Board. Historic Building Appraisal. Kong Ha Tin Lo, Nos. 198-199 Tai Kong Po, Kam Tin Pictures
Webpage about Tai Kong Po
Villages in Hong Kong
Pat Heung
Arne Fliflet (born 21 May 1946) is a Norwegian jurist and civil servant.
He graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1971. After some years as a university lector at the University of Oslo, he worked as a deputy judge in Sunnfjord from 1974 to 1975.
He was a junior solicitor from 1975, lawyer in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1979 to 1986 and a private lawyer from 1987. He was appointed Norwegian Parliamentary Ombudsman for Public Administration in 1990, and served until 2014.
References
1946 births
Living people
20th-century Norwegian lawyers
Parliamentary ombudspersons in Norway
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Florida, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1845, Florida has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864, during the American Civil War, when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy. Generally considered a bellwether state, Florida has only backed the losing candidate three times since 1928.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election of Abraham Lincoln, an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections prior to 1860
See also
Elections in Florida
Notes
References
Admiral Sir Edmund Percy Fenwick George Grant, (23 September 1867 – 8 September 1952) was a Royal Navy officer who served as First Naval Member and Chief of the Australian Naval Staff from 1919 to 1921.
Naval career
Grant saw service in the Egyptian War of 1882 as well as the Brazilian Naval Mutiny in 1893. He was promoted to lieutenant on 1 October 1890, posted as a lieutenant for navigation on the battleship , and promoted to commander (Navigation) on 26 June 1902. In September 1902 he was posted to for study at the Royal Naval College.
He went on to serve during the First World War initially as flag captain to Vice Admiral Sir Lewis Bayly in and then as flag captain and chief of staff to Admiral Sir Cecil Burney who was then second-in-command of the Grand Fleet. In that capacity he saw his ship torpedoed and crippled at the Battle of Jutland in 1916.
After the war he was appointed First Naval Member and Chief of the Australian Naval Staff. In this role, he served as defence advisor to Billy Hughes, Prime Minister of Australia at the Empire Conference in London in 1921. He was appointed Admiral Superintendent at Portsmouth Dockyard in 1922 and retired in 1928. He was recalled during the Second World War to serve as Captain at the Port of Holyhead.
References
External links
1867 births
1952 deaths
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Royal Navy admirals
Royal Navy officers of World War I
Royal Navy personnel of the Anglo-Egyptian War
Robert James Connor (born 4 August 1960) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a midfielder. During his playing career, Connor made nearly 600 appearances in the Scottish Football League, and earned four caps for the Scottish national side between 1986 and 1990. Connor has also been a football manager, managing Ayr United between 2005 and 2007.
Career
Club career
Born in Kilmarnock, Connor began his professional career with Ayr United in 1977. Connor also played in the Scottish Football League with Dundee, Aberdeen, Kilmarnock, Partick Thistle and finally Queen of the South in the era of Jamie McAllister and Tommy Bryce.
International career
Connor made his international debut on 29 April 1986, and made a total of four international appearances.
Coaching career
Connor has also been a football manager, managing Ayr United between 2005 and 2007.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Ayr United F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
Aberdeen F.C. players
Kilmarnock F.C. players
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Queen of the South F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish football managers
Ayr United F.C. managers
Footballers from Kilmarnock
Scottish Football League representative players
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scotland B international footballers
Association football midfielders
Our Days are the fourth extended play by South Korean group SG Wannabe. It was released on November 19, 2016, by CJ E&M Music and B2M Entertainment. The EP consists of five songs, being "I'm Missing You" the title track. A music video for the title track was also released on November 19.
The EP was a moderate success peaking at number 17 on the Gaon Album Chart. It has sold 3,553 physical copies as of November 2016.
Release
The EP was released on November 19, 2016, through several music portals, including MelOn, and iTunes, for the global market.
Promotion
Single
"I'm Missing You" was released as the title track in conjunction with the EP on November 19, 2016. The song entered at number 66 on the Gaon Digital Chart on the chart issue dated November 13–19, 2016, with 27,943 downloads sold. In its second week, the song peaked at number 30, with 44,797 downloads sold and 1,169,683 streams. The song entered at number 90 on the chart for the month of November 2016, with 80,034 downloads sold. A music video for the song was also released on November 19.
Commercial performance
Our Days entered and peaked at number 17 on the Gaon Album Chart on the chart issue dated November 13–19, 2016. In its second week, the EP fell to number 26 and climbed to 25 the following week, before dropping the chart.
The EP entered at number 38 on the chart for the month of November 2016, with 3,553 physical copies sold.
Track listing
Digital download
Charts
Release history
References
2016 EPs
SG Wannabe albums
Korean-language EPs
The 2017 National Premier Soccer League season was the 105th season of FIFA-sanctioned soccer in the United States and the 15th season of the NPSL.
Regions and conferences
Changes from 2016
Incoming teams
The following expansion clubs were announced for the 2017 NPSL season:
Moved and/or rebranded teams
Outgoing teams
Conference realignments
There were a number of conferences realigned for the 2017 season. In the South Region the South Atlantic Conference was eliminated and the South Central Conference was split into the Lone Star and Heartland Conferences. In the Midwest Region, the expanded Central Conference was renamed the North Conference and the Great Lakes East and Great Lakes West Conferences were renamed the East and Great Lakes Conferences respectively.
Personnel and sponsorship
Standings
Northeast Region
Atlantic Blue Conference
Atlantic White Conference
Atlantic White Conference top scorers
Keystone Conference
Mid-Atlantic Conference
South Region
Southeast Conference
Southeast East Division
Southeast West Division
Sunshine Conference
Lonestar Conference
Heartland Conference
Midwest Region
East Conference
Great Lakes Conference
North Conference
West Region
Northwest Conference
Golden Gate Conference
Southwest Conference
Playoffs
The format is as follows. All playoff seeding is based on points per game.
West: The top 3 teams qualify from Southwest Conference. The top 2 teams qualify from Golden Gate Conference. The top 2 teams qualify from Northwest Conference. The top remaining team based on points per game in the region qualifies as a wildcard. The 3 conference champions are seeded 1-3. The wildcard team is seeded 8. The remaining teams are seeded 4-7. Each game will be hosted by the higher seed.
Midwest: The top 2 teams from each conference qualify. The 3 conference champions are seeded 1-3. The 3 remaining teams are seeded 4-6. The region quarterfinals will be hosted by the higher seed. The semifinal and final will be a site to be determined.
South: The 4 conference champions will be seeded based on points per game. Each game will be hosted by higher seed.
Heartland: The top 4 teams qualify and each game is hosted by higher seed.
Lone Star: The top 4 teams qualify and each game is hosted by higher seed.
Southeast: The top 3 teams from each division qualify. Each game is hosted by higher seed.
Sunshine: The top team qualifies directly to the region playoffs.
Northeast: The 4 conference champions will be seeded based on points per game. Each game will be hosted by higher seed.
Atlantic Blue: The top 3 teams qualify and each game is hosted by higher seed.
Atlantic White: The top 3 teams qualify and each game is hosted by higher seed.
Keystone: The top 4 teams qualify and each game is hosted by higher seed.
Mid-Atlantic: All 4 teams qualify and are seeded based on the first 6 games of the regular season. Each game is hosted by higher seed.
Heartland Conference Playoffs
Bold = winner* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
Lone Star Conference Playoffs
Bold = winner* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
Southeast Conference Playoffs
Bold = winner* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
Atlantic Blue Conference Playoffs
Bold = winner* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
Atlantic White Conference Playoffs
Bold = winner* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
Keystone Conference Playoffs
Bold = winner* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
Mid-Atlantic Conference Playoffs
Bold = winner* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
Regional and National Playoffs
Bold = winner
* = after extra time, ( ) = penalty shootout score
References
2017
Club Deportivo Motril Atlético is a Spanish football team based in Motril, Granada, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 2009, it plays in Tercera Provincial, holding home matches at Estadio Paulino Salgado, with a capacity of 1,500 seats.
Season to season
External links
Official website
lapreferente.com profile
Football clubs in Andalusia
Association football clubs established in 2009
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol clubs
2009 establishments in Spain
The People's Democratic Movement (PDM) is a political party in Montserrat.
History
The party was established by the then leader of the opposition Donaldson Romeo on 30 April 2014, in order to contest the upcoming elections. The elections saw the party win seven of the nine seats in the Legislative Council, becoming the ruling party. However, two party members, Ingrid Buffonge and Gregory Willock, later left the party to join the opposition.
References
Political parties in Montserrat
Political parties established in 2014
2014 establishments in Montserrat
Conservative parties in British Overseas Territories
The Liverpool Range is a mountain range and a lava-field province in New South Wales, Australia.
The eastern peaks of the range were the traditional territory of the Wonnarua people.
Geography
The Liverpool Range starts from the volcanic plateau known as the Barrington Tops and runs for about westwards, forming the northern boundary of the Hunter Region. Parts of the Liverpool Range form the watershed between the coastal and inland drainage of New South Wales and thus form a component of the Great Dividing Range. The western end of the Liverpool Range merges into the Warrumbungle Range.
The Liverpool Range has a reputation as a breeding ground for severe summer thunderstorms. The peaks of the range generally experience several snowfalls each winter.
History
The Liverpool Range was named after Robert Banks Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool, who was the prime minister of the United Kingdom at the time of its exploration by Europeans. The higher parts of the Liverpool Range reach approximately above sea level, and the range formed a significant barrier to the expansion of settlement in the early period of British settlement in New South Wales.
The first route across the range was Pandora's Pass discovered by Allan Cunningham. This is located near the western end of the range, north from the town of Coolah and within Coolah Tops National Park. The crossing used by the New England Highway is Nowlands Gap (otherwise known as Murrurundi Gap), which crosses the range near its east end. The railway from Newcastle to Werris Creek crosses under this pass via Ardglen Tunnel.
The southern slopes of the Liverpool Range are drained by the headwaters of the Hunter River and its tributaries, such as the Pages River, which flows through the town of Murrurundi. The northern slopes are drained by the headwaters of the Peel River and the Mooki River. The Talbragar River and the Coolaburragundy River also rise on the range and flow south-west, joining near the town of Dunedoo.
See also
List of mountains in Australia
List of volcanoes in Australia
References
Volcanoes of New South Wales
Extinct volcanoes
Biogeography of New South Wales
IBRA subregions
Great Dividing Range
Hunter River (New South Wales)
Ronak Pandit (12 April 1985) is an Indian sport shooter. He won gold medal in the Men's 25m Standard Pistol (Pairs) with Samaresh Jung at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He is married to Indian shooter Heena Sidhu. He is also the coach of Indian pistol team preparing for Tokyo Olympics.
References
Indian male sport shooters
ISSF pistol shooters
Living people
1985 births
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 2006 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Finguine mac Cathail Con-cen-máthair (died 696) was a King of Munster from the Glendamnach branch of the Eoganachta. He was the son of Cathal Cú-cen-máthair mac Cathaíl (d. 665). He succeeded Colgú mac Faílbe Flaind in 678.
During his reign the law text Cáin Fuithirbe was enacted at Mag Fuithirbe on the borders of Cork and Kerry in 683. Representatives of the major tribes of Munster are mentioned in the tract.
Finguine's known son was Cathal mac Finguine (d. 742) a powerful King of Munster.
He is a recurring character in Peter Tremayne's Sister Fidelma mysteries.
Notes
See also
Kings of Munster
References
Annals of Tigernach
Francis J.Byrne, Irish Kings and High-Kings
The Chronology of the Irish Annals, Daniel P. McCarthy
External links
CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Kings of Munster
696 deaths
7th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
The Television Interface Adaptor (TIA) is the custom computer chip, along with a variant of the MOS Technology 6502 constituting the heart of the 1977 Atari Video Computer System game console. The TIA generates the screen display, sound effects, and reads the controllers. At the time the Atari VCS was designed, even small amounts of RAM were expensive. The chip was designed around not having a frame buffer, instead requiring detailed programming to create even a simple display.
Development of the CO10444/CO11903 TIA was led by Jay Miner who continued at Atari expanding on the design of the TIA for the Atari 400/800 computers with the ANTIC and CTIA/GTIA chips. Jay Miner later led the design of the custom chips for the Amiga computer.
Design
Background
Around 1975, Atari's engineers at Cyan Engineering led by Steve Mayer and Ron Milner had been considering alternatives to the development dedicated hardware such as application-specific integrated circuits (ASIC) for arcade video games and home video game consoles. Programmable microprocessors had reached the market, but Atari considered them too expensive for a home application. They were limited by cost in options for displaying graphics. At this point in time, most computer graphics were generated by using sprites drawn atop a playfield, which then were translated into an analog signal for display on a CRT video monitor. Sprites would be held as a bitmap in a framebuffer, requiring random-access memory (RAM). RAM was still expensive, costing tens of thousands of dollars per megabyte., and to display a two-color playfield on a 80×48 display would have cost thousands of dollars in memory. On a conventional NTSC color television, maximum resolutions generally fell between 256 and 320 pixels per line, and 192 to 240 lines per screen.
In September 1975, MOS Technology introduced the 6502 microprocessor, one of the first low-cost microprocessors on the market. Mayer and Milner arranged to speak to the chip's designer, Chuck Peddle, on using the 6502 as the basis for their programmable video game console. Over the course of a couple of days, the basic design of the Atari VCS was laid out, with Peddle offering Atari the use of the lower-cost MOS Technology 6507 processor and the MOS Technology 6532 RAM-I/O-Timer (RIOT) as the core of the design. Using a breadboard prototype for the display adapter atop a 6502 testbed system, Milner was able to demonstrate the ability to program a simple version of their Tank game. Joe Decuir was hired on to help convert Milner's proof-of-concept to a functional prototype, sufficient for Atari to give the go-ahead for the development to continue.
While Decuir worked on the design of the rest of the system, Jay Miner focused on making an ASIC for the display adapter. Early on, the ASIC display adapter was named the Television Interface Adapter (TIA). The cost of RAM remained high as the team began its design, and thus the option to use memory-based framebuffers was dropped from the TIA's design.
RAM-less design
Due to the lack of RAM, the TIA differs from the conventional framebuffer approach on the screen is composed by manipulating five movable graphic objects (2 players, 2 missiles and 1 ball) and a static playfield object. These are all generated on every scan line from their respective registers, unlike the technique used in a framebuffer-mapped model, requiring the program to update these on every scan line. Horizontal resolution is not uniform, as its size depends on the particular graphics object. The smallest unit of pixel corresponds to 1 color clock cycle of the chip, of which there are 160 visible ones on a line.
The Playfield object consists of a two-and-a-half byte register (20 bits wide), which can be reflected symmetrically or copied as-is to the right half of the screen for 40 bits in total (each bit being 4 color cycles wide). The color that was drawn if the bit was a 1 or a 0 was selected from a pre-defined palette of up to 128 colors (see below) and held in other registers.
The TIA also supported five separate graphics objects consisting of:
Two 8-pixel horizontal lines which make up the 'sprites' Player 1 and Player 2. These are single color, can be stretched by a factor of 2 or 4, and can be duplicated or triplicated.
A 'ball' - a horizontal line that is the same color as the playfield. It can be one, two, four, or eight pixels wide.
Two 'missiles' - another horizontal line that is the same color as its respective player. It can be one, two, four, or eight pixels wide.
Without RAM-based framebuffers, collision detection is also complicated. The TIA has hardware collision detection for all of these objects through the use of 15 set/reset flip-flops and stores a bitmap of collisions, that are typically read during the VBLANK period. Registers in the TIA allow the programmer to control the positioning of the graphical objects and their color.
The TIA also provides two channels of one-bit sound. Each channel provides for 32 pitch values and 16 possible bit sequences. There is a 4 bit volume control.
Lastly, the TIA has inputs for reading up to four analog paddle controllers using potentiometers and for two joystick triggers.
Drawing the display
As the registers hold data for only a single line of the display, creating a full screen requires the game program to update the registers on the fly, a process known as "racing the beam".
To start the process, the game program running on the MOS Technology 6502-based CPU loads the TIA's registers with the data needed to draw the first line of the display. The TIA then waits until the television is ready to draw the line (under the command of the TIA's associated analog hardware) and read out the registers to produce a signal for that line. During the horizontal blanking period between lines, the 6502 quickly changes the TIA's registers as needed for the next line. This process continues down the screen.
This is made more difficult because the MOS Technology 6507 in the 2600 is a pin-reduced version of the 6502 with no support for hardware interrupts. Generally the analog side of the display system generates an interrupt when it finishes drawing a raster line and is getting ready for the next one. The interrupt triggers the code needed to update the screen, and then returns to the "main" program. The 6507 left these pins off of the CPU to save money, however it does have a "RDY" pin to insert wait states into CPU bus cycles. The TIA was specifically designed to use the RDY pin to synchronize the CPU with the raster line timing of the video generated by the TIA: when the CPU writes to a certain register address of the TIA, the TIA lowers its RDY output signal until the beginning of the next line, a "wait for sync" command. This suspends the operation of the CPU until the start (color clock cycle 0) of the next line, providing a measure of automatic synchronization. The intended use of this mechanism is for the CPU to set up the TIA registers for the following line before the TIA reaches the end of the current line, then write to the register that triggers the synchronization delay via RDY, throwing away a variable amount of CPU time for the benefit of easier video timing synchronization.
In addition, the TIA only semi-automatically generates vertical sync timing signals (to mark the end of each video frame and the start of the next). The TIA is capable of inserting a vertical sync signal into the analog output video signal, but it does not have a frame line-counter and so cannot tell when a frame should end. Instead, it is left to the CPU program to trigger vertical sync signals and to count the lines in each frame to determine when a vertical sync signal should be generated. Like for the RDY-wait hardware, the vertical sync signal is triggered by the CPU writing to a specific TIA register address. If no write to that address was ever done and the TIA was allowed to free-run, it would generate a single infinite frame of active raster lines, which would typically appear on the TV as a rolling picture. Most published games for the Atari 2600 generated vertical sync after either every 262 or every 263 lines (but nothing about the TIA prevents it from generating frames of any length, shorter or longer, though the resulting video displays would roll vertically on normal TVs).
These and other details of TIA programming mean that programmers need to time their programs carefully to run in the exact number of cycles needed for various screen-related events. Getting this wrong means the screen is not drawn properly. The part of a program that does this is known as the "kernel" of that program.
Given this complexity, early games using the system tended to be simple in layout, using the TIA to create symmetric playfields with players on top. This was the original intention of the system: to run the handful of arcade games Atari had already produced like Tank and Pong. In these cases the playfield data was typically laid out in the 2 kB ROM memory in the game cartridge. As each line used 20 bits of data, and there were 192 lines on an NTSC display, a display with a different layout on every line needed only 480 bytes (192 x 20 / 8) of the cartridge's 4 kB to hold a single hard-coded display. In this case the kernel simply advanced 20 bits through ROM for every line as the TIA advanced down the screen, a task that took only a few cycles of CPU time. This can be further reduced by using the same data for multiple lines, either doubling them vertically, or reading one way through the list for the top and then back the other way for the bottom, producing a vertically mirrored display of only 240 bytes.
A key advance was the licensing of Space Invaders for the platform, which required many more player graphics to draw the enemy aliens. The solution was to change the player data for every line as the image was being drawn, creating an apparent large number of players. Another advance was made by (partially) coding the display as CPU instructions instead of storing it as fixed data in ROM. Adventure uses this concept to produce a wide variety of maps by combining different portions of the data in ROM, jumping back and forth through it during the screen drawing. This allowed the game to have 30 rooms, which would have otherwise required 14 kB of ROM.
As programmers grew more accustomed to the odd timing needed to get things to work properly on-screen, they began to use the inherent flexibility in the TIA to greatly improve the displays. One common technique was to change the color registers that were used to draw the 1 and 0 states of the playfield, resulting in displays with rainbow-like effects. Later games could modify the playfield mid-line to generate asymmetric patterns, repositioning and changing player sprites mid-screen to generate additional sprites.
TIA Color Capabilities
The TIA uses different color palettes depending on the television signal format used. For NTSC format (part number CO10444), a 128-color palette is provided, while only 104 colors are available for PAL (part number CO11903). Additionally, the SECAM palette consists of only 8 colors.
NTSC palette
PAL palette
SECAM palette
Noise/Tone Generator (AUD0/1)
The TIA is capable of generating different types of pulse and noise output to its two oscillators (or channels) AUD0 and AUD1. Each oscillator has a 5-bit frequency divider and a 4-bit audio control register which manipulates the waveform. There is also a 4-bit volume control register per channel.
Frequency Divider (AUDF0/1)
Frequencies are generated by taking 30 kHz and dividing by the 5-bit value supplied. The result is a cheap frequency divider capable of detuned notes and the odd tuned frequency. The TIA is not a musical chip unless the composer works within the frequency limits or modulates between two detuned frequencies to create a vibrato tuned note.
Audio Control (AUDC0/1)
The Audio Control register generates and manipulates a pulse wave to create complex pulses or noise. The following table (with designed duplicates) explains how its tones are generated:
References
Sources
External links
ATARI 2600 Programming for Newbies
TIA technical information
TIA technical manual
TIA schematics
TIA high resolution die shots
Programming the Atari 2600, and Me - Part 1, part 1 of an 8-part series
Atari 2600 Development by Joe Decuir
Atari 2600
Graphics chips
Pittsburgh Panthers softball is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate softball program of the University of Pittsburgh, often referred to as "Pitt", located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Pitt softball team competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference and plays their home games at Vartabedian Field in the Petersen Sports Complex.
History
The inaugural season of Pitt softball was in 1998 with the program guided by its first head coach, Michelle Phalen. The program competed as an independent during its first season in NCAA Division I and then played in the Big East Conference from 1999 to 2013. Phalen guided the program to its first winning season (31-27) and first Big East Tournament appearance in 2006 as well as its first season over .500 in Big East play (12-10) in 2008, a year that saw Pitt upset multiple nationally ranked teams. In 2009, Holly Aprile, and assistant coach in charge of pitchers and catchers under Phalen, took over as the head coach of the program. April began her tenure by leading the team to three consecutive winning seasons, a first for the program to that point, and led the 2011 team to a single season school record of 34 wins that included a victory over national ranked Georgia Tech. On July 1, 2013, Pitt moved to the Atlantic Coast Conference. In 2015, Pitt reached the ACC Softball Tournament championship game and earned the program's first NCAA tournament appearance on way to an appearance in the Regional Final and a program best 37–22 record. In 2017, after a 5–0 start to the season, Pitt received the first national ranking in the program's history. Pitt won its first ACC Coastal Division championship in 2018. In August 2018, former Ohio head coach Jodi Hermanek was announced as the Panthers' new head coach following Holly Aprile's departure to become head coach at Louisville.
Vartabedian Field
The team's home field includes the 600-seat Vartabedian Field, a softball ballpark that is part of the Petersen Sports Complex on the University of Pittsburgh campus that open for the 2010–11 school year. Vartabedian Field features a skinned infield with an artificial grass outfield. The stadium includes team dugouts, hitting and pitching practice areas, lighting, and a press box. The first softball game played at Vartabedian Field was a 2-1 Pitt victory over Penn State on March 29, 2011. Prior to the program moving into the Petersen Sports Complex and Vartabedian Field, the team played home games at Trees Field on the Pitt campus.
Current coaching staff
Jodi Hermanek - Head Coach
Jenna Hall - Assistant Coach
Bianka Bell - Assistant Coach
Morgan Gardner- Volunteer Assistant Coach
Conference championships
ACC Coastal Division
2018
Conference honors
During Pitt's time as a member of the Big East Conference, Pitt players garnered 20 All-Big East selections including five First Team All-Big East selections. Two Panthers have also received ECAC All-Star status. Numerous players have also won Big East Player of the Week and Pitcher of the Week honors.
Big East Rookie of the Year
Tori Nirschl, 2013
Big East First Team All-Conference
Francesca DiMaria, 2003, 2005
Joey Scarf, 2006
Jessica Dignon, 2008
Samantha Card, 2008
Atlantic Coast Conference First Team All-Conference
Jenna Modic, 2015
Erin Hershman, 2016
Giorgiana Zeremenko, 2018
Olivia Gray, 2018
Atlantic Coast Conference Coach of the Year
Holly Aprile, 2018
NCAA tournament results
The Panthers have appeared in the NCAA Tournament one time. Their combined record is 2–2.
No-hitters and perfect games
The following ten no-hitters have been thrown by Pitt pitchers over the program's history. There have been two perfect games thrown which are designated by bold.
March 11, 2000 Gina Bessolo vs Colgate (won 8–0)
April 7, 2001 Gina Bessolo at Syracuse (won 2–0)
March 16, 2002 Nikki Gasti vs Jacksonville State (won 2–0)
April 3, 2002 Gina Bessolo vs Youngstown State (won 10–0)
February 23, 2003 Nikki Gasti at UNC-Charlotte (won 1–0)
April 5, 2008 Kayla Zinger vs Connecticut (won 1–0)
March 30, 2010 Alyssa O'Connell vs St. Francis (won 9–0)
March 26, 2011 Cory Berliner at Seton Hall (won 9–0)
February 27, 2016 Sarah Dawson vs. Providence (won 13–0)
February 6, 2017 Kayla Harris vs. Southeastern Louisiana (won 5–0)
Professional softball
Two former Panthers have played softball professionally in the National Pro Fastpitch league.
Jessica Dignon played for the Washington Glory in 2008 and USSSA Pride in 2009.
Reba Tutt played for Akron Racers in 2011.
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
External links
Official website
The following is a list of the songs produced by Sam the Kid.
Production discographies
Production discography
Hip hop discographies
Farnham station, or the Canadian Pacific Railway station is a disused railway station in Farnham, Quebec, Canada. Its address is 191 Victoria Road. The current station was built in 1950 to replace a previous station building (built in 1879–1882) which burned down in 1949, and opened to passenger service on March 8, 1951. The station saw its final passenger service on October 24, 1980. It was designated as a heritage railway station under the Heritage Railway Stations Protection Act in 1994.
The Farnham station building last served as the headquarters for the Canadian operations of the Montreal, Maine and Atlantic Railway (MMA), which declared bankruptcy in August 2013 as a direct result of the Lac-Mégantic derailment in July that year.
See also
List of designated heritage railway stations of Canada
References
External links
HistoricPlaces.ca - Farnham Canadian Pacific Railway Station
Canadian Pacific Railway stations in Quebec
Disused railway stations in Canada
Railway stations in Montérégie
Railway stations in Canada opened in 1950
Designated Heritage Railway Stations in Quebec
Brome-Missisquoi Regional County Municipality
Mother Teresa of Calcutta Medical Center (MTCMC) is a tertiary hospital in San Fernando, Pampanga, Philippines.
History
Founded by Vilma Caluag. Owned and operated by Mount Grace Hospitals, Inc., Mother Teresa of Calcutta Medical Center was founded on February 28, 2006 at MacArthur Highway, Barangay Maimpis, City of San Fernando, Pampanga. It initially started with 100 capacity and today, it already has 142 beds with 415 doctors.
Awards and recognition
The City of San Fernando Health Office awarded MTCMC as the healthiest hospital, in large category for three consecutive years. It has been recognized as the Center of Excellence by the Philippine Health Insurance Corporation. In 2012, it was granted certification by ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007.
Services and Departments
Center provides the following services:
The Cancer Unit
Cardiology Unit
Dental Unit
Emergency Unit
Endoscopy Unit
Eye Center
Hemodialysis Unit
Clinical Laboratory & Pathology
Operating Room
Surgery & Anesthesia Care
Neonatal ICU
OB-GYNE Complex
Newborn Service
Pediatric ICU
EEG Services
Pharmacy Unit
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Pulmonary Unit
Radiology Unit
Nuclear Medicine
Admissions
Patients can be admitted to Mother Teresa of Calcutta Medical Center 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
References
External links
Official Website
ISO 9001:2008
ISO 14001:2004
Hospital buildings completed in 2006
Hospitals in the Philippines
Buildings and structures in San Fernando, Pampanga
Memorials to Mother Teresa
is a Japanese professional shogi player ranked 7-dan.
Early life
Hiroki Iizuka was born in Tokyo on April 2, 1969. He entered the Japan Shogi Association's apprentice school under the guidance of shogi professional in December 1982 at the rank of 6-kyū. He was promoted to 1-dan in 1988, and then obtained full professional status and the rank of 4-dan in April 1992.
Promotion history
The promotion history for Iizuka is as follows:
1982: 6-kyū
1988: 1-dan
1992, April 1: 4-dan
1996, August 5: 5-dan
2001, August 13: 6-dan
2009, October 27: 7-dan
References
External links
ShogiHub: Professional Player Info · Iizuka, Hiroki
Japanese shogi players
Living people
Professional shogi players
Professional shogi players from Tokyo Metropolis
1969 births
The Florida State Seminoles women's softball team represents Florida State University (variously Florida State or FSU) in the sport of softball. Florida State competes in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
In the forty-five year history of the Seminoles softball program, the team has won eighteen ACC championships, two AIAW slow-pitch national championships, and one NCAA championship. Florida State has made thirty-four appearances in the NCAA Tournament, advancing to the Women's College World Series on eleven occasions, reaching the semifinals on four occasions and the championship series on two occasions. Jessica van der Linden and Lacey Waldrop have won the USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year award while thirty-five Seminole players have been honored as All-Americans while seven have been drafted into the National Pro Fastpitch League and one has been drafted into the Women Professional Fastpitch League.
The Seminoles play their home games at JoAnne Graf Field on the university's Tallahassee, Florida campus, and are currently led by head coach Lonni Alameda.
Program history
Florida State has been one of the most successful softball programs in the history of collegiate softball. As of the end of the 2021 season, only nine teams in the history of the NCAA have made more WCWS appearances than FSU, and no school east of Arizona has been to more NCAA Tournaments than the Seminoles. Florida State has made a regional appearance every year since 2000. Florida State has never endured a losing season and the Seminoles have achieved 38 forty-win seasons; under head coach Lonni Alameda, the Seminoles have achieved 12 forty-win seasons, including eight straight from 2012 to 2019, and won six consecutive ACC titles from 2014 to 2019.
2018 season
The 2018 season saw the Seminoles win the ACC regular season title for the sixth consecutive year and the ACC tournament title for the fifth consecutive year, defeating Pittsburgh in the ACC championship game with a walk-off homerun. securing a spot in the NCAA Tournament as the sixth overall seed. The Seminoles defeated Auburn and Jacksonville State twice to win the Tallahassee Regional and advance to the Tallahassee Super Regional, where they defeated LSU in a double header after dropping the first game of the series, clinching a spot in the Women's College World Series.
In the World Series, the Seminoles dropped their opener to UCLA after blowing a late lead; they went on to win their next four games: defeating Georgia, top-seed Oregon, and UCLA twice in the semifinals to advance to the national championship for the first time to face Washington. Florida State went on to sweep the Huskies to win the national title, becoming the first team to lose their first game in the World Series and go on to win the title during the championship series era. The Seminoles also tied the record for most elimination game wins, going 6-0 over the course of the postseason.
Venue
The softball team plays at the Seminole Softball Complex; the field is named for JoAnne Graf, the winningest coach in school history and the second-winningest coach in college softball history.
Head coaches
Records are through the 2022 season
Current Coaching Staff
Records and results
Year-by-year results
Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, C = Conference
All-time record vs. ACC teams
Florida State softball maintains a winning percentage against all current ACC teams.
Rivalries
College World Series
Florida State has made 11 trips to the Women's College World Series, winning the title in 2018 and finishing as runner-up in 2021.
Championships
National championships
Conference regular season championships
Division championships
Conference tournament championships
Florida State has made twenty-four appearances in the ACC Championship, with a 18-6 record.
Awards
USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year
Broderick Award
Gold Glove Award
All-Americans
Serita Brooks
Jessica Burroughs
Susan Buttery
Myssi Calkins
Darby Cottle
Danielle Cox
Lisa Davidson
Natalie Drouin
Renee Espinoza
Kristy Fuentes
Toni Gutierrez
Kylee Hanson
Casey Hunter
Meghan King
Morgan Klaeveman
Christy Larsen
Cindy Lawton
Marla Looper
Leslie Malerich
Susan Painter
Alex Powers
Toni Robinette
Kathryn Sandercock
Sydney Sherrill
Jan Sikes
Brandi Stuart
Jessica van der Linden
Elisa Vasquez
Lacey Waldrop
Jessie Warren
Shamalene Wilson
Veronica Wootson
Conference awards
ACC Player of the Year – Toni Gutierrez (1992), Cindy Lawton (1995), Shamalene Wilson (1996), Jessica van der Linden (2003, 2004), Maddie O'Brien (2014), Alex Powers (2016), Jessica Warren (2017, 2018)
ACC Defensive Player of the Year – Jessica Warren (2017), Sydney Sherrill (2019, 2021, 2022)
ACC Pitcher of the Year – Sarah Hamilton (2009), Lacey Waldrop (2014, 2015), Jessica Burroughs (2016, 2017), Kylee Hanson (2018)
ACC Freshman of the Year - Shamalene Wilson (1993), Kristy Hull (1995), Jessica van der Linden (2001), Veronica Wootson (2004), Tiffany McDonald (2005), Monica Montez (2007), Jessica Warren (2015), Sydney Sherrill (2018)
ACC Coach of the Year – JoAnne Graf (1992, 1993, 1997, 2001, 2003, 2004), Lonni Alameda (2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017)
Retired jerseys
See also
Florida State Seminoles
Florida State Seminoles baseball
History of Florida State University
List of Florida State University professional athletes
References
External links
Seminoles.com – Official website of the Florida State Seminoles softball team.
Phyllonorycter kearfottella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Connecticut, New Jersey, Kentucky, Maine, New York and Washington in the United States.
The wingspan is about 7 mm.
The larvae feed on Castanea species, including Castanea dentata, Castanea mollissima and Castanea sativa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a rather small elongate mine on the underside of the leaf. It is placed between two veins. The pupa is enclosed in a loose, semi-transparent silken cocoon.
References
kearfottella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1908
Sodium erythorbate (C6H7NaO6) is a food additive used predominantly in meats, poultry, and soft drinks. Chemically, it is the sodium salt of erythorbic acid. When used in processed meat such as hot dogs and beef sticks, it increases the rate at which nitrite reduces to nitric oxide, thus facilitating a faster cure and retaining the pink coloring. As an antioxidant structurally related to vitamin C, it helps improve flavor stability and prevents the formation of carcinogenic nitrosamines. When used as a food additive, its E number is E316. The use of erythorbic acid and sodium erythorbate as a food preservative has increased greatly since the U.S. Food and Drug Administration banned the use of sulfites as preservatives in foods intended to be eaten fresh (such as ingredients for fresh salads) and as food processors have responded to the fact that some people are allergic to sulfites. It can also be found in bologna, and is occasionally used in beverages, baked goods, and potato salad.
Sodium erythorbate is produced from sugars derived from different sources, such as beets, sugarcane, and corn. An urban myth claims that sodium erythorbate is made from ground earthworms; however, there is no truth to the myth. It is thought that the origin of the legend comes from the similarity of the chemical name to the words earthworm and bait.
Alternative applications include the development of additives that could be utilized as antioxidants in general. For instance, this substance has been implemented in the development of corrosion inhibitors for metals and it has been implemented in active packaging.
Sodium erythorbate is soluble in water. The pH of the aqueous solution of the sodium salt is between 5 and 6. A 10% solution, made from commercial grade sodium erythorbate, may have a pH of 7.2 to 7.9. In its dry, crystalline state it is nonreactive. But, when in solution with water it readily reacts with atmospheric oxygen and other oxidizing agents, which makes it a valuable antioxidant.
References
Food antioxidants
Organic sodium salts
E-number additives
Frontiers of Information Technology & Electronic Engineering is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering electrical and electronic engineering, including computer and information sciences. It was established in 2010 as Journal of Zhejiang University Science C (Computer & Electronics) and obtained its current title in 2015 when it started to be co-sponsored and administrated by the Chinese Academy of Engineering and Zhejiang University. It is now published by Zhejiang University Press and Springer Science+Business Media.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded, EI-Compendex, Scopus, and Inspec. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 0.622.
References
External links
Monthly journals
Electrical and electronic engineering journals
Publications established in 2010
English-language journals
Zhejiang University Press academic journals
Gerard Wilk (12 January 1944, Gliwice - 28 August 1995, Paris) – Polish dancer, the soloist of Warsaw Grand Theatre ballet from 1966 to 1970, member of Ballet of the 20th Century.
Life
Early life
He was born in Gliwice to Jadwiga and Jan/Hans Wilk. He was raised by a single mother, with father drafted into the German army, and after the war, exiled to Siberia until 1949 for being a member of Wehrmacht. Gerard had a brother, Jan, who was four years older. At the age of 13, he took the exams for the . He was admitted on a probationary period for a year. During this time, he had to catch up three years worth of craft under Halina Hulanicka, who studied dance under Isadora Duncan in Paris. Wilk not only successfully dealt with the backlog, but also discovered a life passion, and years later became an icon of Polish ballet.
Career
Hulanicka persuaded Wilk to move to the Warsaw ballet school. When he passed his final exams there in 1964, he already had dance employment. He climbed all the way in the ballet hierarchy: from a member of the corps de ballet to the coryphée. In 1968 he joined the troupe of the Warsaw Grand Theater (now Polish National Ballet), where in 1970 he became a soloist. Wilk was appreciated by critics and the public. Performances with his participation became mass events. The critics wrote that he was an individuality, attracted attention, that one could admire both the mastery with which he performs the dance, and at the same time the spontaneity, the ability to convey emotions. On 26 June 1970 was his last Warsaw performance, Romeo and Juliet premiere, after which he moved abroad.
He was photographed by in fashion photo-shoots for „Przekrój” magazine, starred in music videos and TV entertainment shows. He played a dancer in Stanisław Bareja comedies – Marriage of Convenience (1966) and Przygoda z piosenką (1968) and a legal spokesman of an insurance company in Andrzej Wajda sci-fi comedy Przekładaniec (1968). He became countrywide famous after performing (with ) in TV-aired music video of Piotr Szczepanik song „Kochać” (1967). He played in ballet-themed short films: Fantomy (1967, choreo Krystyna Mazurówna), Gry (1970) and Podróż magiczna (1979, choreo ). Gry, choreographed by earned awards on Prix Italia 1970 and Polish Short Film Festival in 1971. He also performed in ballet etudes of Krzysztof Komeda.
From 1970 he stayed abroad, unable to return for years because of passport problems. Until 1981 he performed in the Maurice Béjart's Ballet of the 20th Century in Brussels. In 1981 he decided to end his stage career. He moved to Paris and started teaching there in 1989. He also taught dance in Munich, Berlin, Florence and Monte Carlo. Once a year he came to train dancers at the Warsaw's Grand Theatre, where in the fall of 1994 he staged Massenet's opera Werther. In 1995 he appeared as the title character in the documentary film Gerard Wilk - kilka razy zaczynałem od zera (Gerard Wilk - I started from scratch several times), directed by Bogdan Łoszewski.
Private life
In the 60s, Wilk briefly dated Spanish theatre scenographer , then living in Poland. Two men remained lifelong friends until Puigserver's death. From August 1968, he shortly dated then 23 year old actor , for several months. His longtime partner was the painter Jean-Jacques Le Corre.
Death
He died on August 28, 1995 as a result of HIV/AIDS complications. He kept the fact of the HIV infection in secret even from his closest friends. The farewell ceremony took place at the Père Lachaise Cemetery, there was no burial. The urn with the ashes was taken to his estate near Paris by Jean-Jacques Le Corre.
References
External links
Gerard Wilk at Filmweb
Gerard Wilk at FilmPolski.pl
Artists from Brussels
People from Gliwice
Polish male ballet dancers
Artists from Warsaw
20th-century Polish ballet dancers
1944 births
1995 deaths
LGBT entertainers from Poland
LGBT dancers
AIDS-related deaths in France
The IEEE Founders Medal is an award is presented for outstanding contributions in the leadership, planning, and administration of affairs of great value to the electrical and electronics engineering profession. It may be presented to an individual or team up to three in number. This medal was established by the Institute of Radio Engineers (IRE) in 1952. The medal continued to be awarded after the merge of the IRE with the American Institute of Electrical Engineers (AIEE) in 1963 to form the IEEE.
Recipients of this medal receive a gold medal, bronze replica, certificate, and cash honorarium.
The award is sponsored by the IEEE Foundation.
Basis for Judging: In the evaluation process, the following criteria are considered: outstanding leadership, planning or administration of affairs related to the profession, major industry administrator, manager of a complex scientific mission. An additional consideration may be service to the IEEE beyond normal expectations.
Nomination deadline: 1 July
Notification: Recipients are typically approved during the November IEEE Board of Directors meeting. Recipients and their nominators will be notified following the meeting. Then the nominators of unsuccessful candidates will be notified of the status of their nomination.
Presentation: At the annual IEEE Honors Ceremony
Recipients
The following people have received the IEEE Founders Medal:
References
Founders Medal
Highway Heartbreaker is a 1992 television film directed by Paul Schneider. The film was based on the true story of Joseph (Mac) Duffy, who in 1990 pleaded guilty to four counts of grand theft for con schemes in Orange County and was subsequently dubbed in the media as 'the Playboy of the Coast Highway'.
Plot
Catherine (Linda Gray) is a wealthy and lonely woman who has been handicapped ever since getting involved in a car accident, which she herself caused on the day of signing her divorce papers four years prior due to driving under the influence. During the accident she broke her back and suffered third degree burns. One day while driving on the highway, she meets Mickey Kenton (John Schneider), who claims to run investments for his father. She immediately falls for his charms and they start dating straight away. One day, he borrows $30,000 from her for a 'promising stock offer' in medial equipment, then vanishes following the money transaction. Catherine grows convinced that he is kidnapped and contacts private investigator Bert Quinn (Brock Peters), but he quickly finds out that Mickey is a con man. Quinn tracks Mickey down and threatens to unmask him.
Meanwhile, Mickey meets Alex (Heather Locklear), an overworked but very ambitious stock broker on the verge of breaking in a major corporate client. Her father (Dick O'Neill) disapproves of her car purchases which she claims will help her land the breakthrough she desperately wants. She is immediately infatuated with Mickey, who now claims to be in international trade. Aspiring to get into international trade herself, Alex repeatedly meets up with Mickey in hopes of starting a joint venture. When one day she lands a deal with the corporate client, she uses the $15,000 acquired from the deal to invest in a business deal with Mickey. A day later, he tells her the stakes have been raised and that he needs an additional $25,000 dollars, which in reality he intends to use to buy a car. Even though she does not have the money, she draws him the cheque, hopeful that she will land another deal within the company. However, immediately after signing the cheque she finds out that the major client has pulled back. However, Mickey is unwilling to return her the money and threatens to harm her if she goes to the police. She nevertheless contacts the police, who reveal that Mickey is a con man with several aliases.
By that time, Mickey has already moved on to his new victim, Annie (Tracy Nelson), a young woman running a charity for a church who needs to raise $5,000 dollars for a children's clinic on a short term. Mickey lures her into a private investment deal, claiming that she can get $6,000 dollars out of a $1,000 dollar investment. While staying at her place, he is once again approached by Quinn and realizes that the private investigator will not leave him alone. Therefore, he decides to return to Catherine and convinces her that he had to leave town for a while for his mother's funeral. She forgives him and allows him to move in with her. Meanwhile, the police and Quinn build a strong case against Mickey and track down the car that he bought with Alex's money. Alex immediately heads out to the car dealer to retrieve the car and finds Catherine, who was told by Mickey that the car was bought in her name. Alex tells Catherine that Mickey is a con man, but she refuses to believe her. A short while later, Mickey is arrested and the media reveal all of his cons. Alex and Annie are the only two victims stepping forward, and Alex even sells all of her belongings to finance the case against him.
Despite the media attention and the warnings of her teenage daughter Emily (Dedee Pfeiffer), Catherine bails him out of jail and elopes with him. When the trial against Mickey starts, however, she slowly starts to believe the accusations against him and eventually teams up with Alex and Annie. At that moment, Mickey claims to have left to Arizona for work, but the bail requires him to call in once a day. In Arizona, he is already working on a new victim when the three women lure him into town with a fake story. When he arrives, he is arrested and sent off to jail. In the closing credits, it is revealed that Mickey was given a suspended sentence, contingent upon restitution to his victims. However, no restitution was ever made.
Cast
John Schneider as Mickey Kenton
Linda Gray as Catherine Brandon
Heather Locklear as Alexandra Moulton
Tracy Nelson as Annie
Dick O'Neill as Alex's father
Dedee Pfeiffer as Emily Brandon
John Kapelos as Detective Baker
Meg Wittner as Lillian Brand
Jon Korkes as Jack Hudson
Brock Peters as Bert Quinn
Lloyd Battista as Rupert Menlow
Tonye Patano as Carolyn
References
External links
1992 television films
1992 films
1992 drama films
American drama films
Drama films based on actual events
Films directed by Paul Schneider (director)
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Josip Marn (13 March 1832 – 27 January 1893) was a Slovene literary historian, journalist, and teacher.
Life
Josip Marn was born in Dragovšek, at that time a hamlet of Štanga, on 13 March 1832. Because there was no primary school in Štanga, he was taught to read and write by the parish priest. He enrolled in a teacher training school in the fall of 1839, in high school in 1843, and in the newly founded Ljubljana boarding school in 1846. He graduated from high school with honors in 1851. However, his poor health prevented him from taking the exit exam—which, however, was not required for studying theology at that time. He was ordained on 21 July 1855 and then appointed a curate in Horjul on 24 September 1855, where he rented a room at his own expense to found a part-time school to teach the local children catechism, reading, and writing.
At the end of the 1857 school year, Franc Serafin Metelko requested retirement as chair for Slovene at the Ljubljana Lyceum, and Bishop Wolf recommended Marn as his successor. Marn then served as alternately as a catechism teacher for the lower years and taught Slovene for the seventh and eighth years. After the death of the catechist Anton Globočnik (1826–1858) and passing a catechism exam, Marn became the permanent lower secondary school catechist on 17 July 1859. On 13 July 1860, after passing a Slovene exam in Vienna under Franz Miklosich, Marn was appointed as a full secondary school instructor. He was appointed a professor on 18 December 1866. He became the head of the Slovene Society's books department in 1882, and served as its chair from 1886 to 1893, where he exerted a decisive influence on its activities.
When he retired in 1892, Marn was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of Franz Joseph on 4 October in recognition of his educational work. He had already been recognized for his religious activity by being named honorary canon of the Ljubljana Cathedral Chapter. Marn stated that this distinction was "ample recompense for much contempt and humiliation suffered in the past years."
Career
At the boarding school in Ljubljana, Marn was a favorite of the institution's head, Janez Zlatoust Pogačar, whom he assisted with translations and corrections for his Slovenski verski časopis (Slovene Religious Newspaper). His first publications appeared in 1849 in Ivan Navratil's children's magazine Vedež (Knowledge) as short articles with humorous and serious content: "Blagosrčni mladenič" (The Good-Natured Young Man), "Življenje-leto" (Life: A Year), "Povračilo" (Payment), "Kmet in tatje" (The Farmer and the Thieves), "Skopuha vmori glad pri zakladu" (Hunger Kills a Miser by His Treasure), "Vojak zares junak" (A Soldier, A True Hero), and "Plačilo nehvaležnosti in hudodelstva" (Payment for Ingratitude and Wickedness). In 1852, under the pseudonym Milko, he published the parable "Hrast in lipa" (The Oak and the Linden). As a primary school student, he edited the weekly manuscript publication Daničica (The Little Morning Star), and he contributed the story "7 pivcev o svojih ženah in njih 7 žen o svojih možeh" (Seven Drinkers Talk about Their Wives, and Their Seven Wives Talk about Their Husbands) to Jernej Lenček's almanac Slovenski romar (The Slovenian Pilgrim) in 1852.
Marn's story "Beseda, ktero je govoril bogoslov svojim vrstnikom" (The Word the Theologian Told his Classmates), written in 1853, typifies the orientation that he maintained all his life. It emphasizes both a thorough education in theology and the necessity of knowing many languages. In 1855 he assisted in the preparation of Matej Cigale's German–Slovene dictionary. As a curate in Horjul, he translated the first part of the Book of Ezra, Book of Judith, and Book of Esther for an edition of the Bible with commentary by Jožef Franc Allioli published by Bishop Wolf.
As a schoolteacher, he encountered language-related problems. He was required to teach Slovene through German without textbooks, and school grades in Slovene were not taken into account. It was only in January 1860 that Slovene became a required school subject for all ethnic Slovene schoolchildren, and grades in the subject were treated as equivalent to grades in other subjects.
Marn was not an aesthete, as is shown in his praise of Umek's poems and his Abuna Soliman, which he used with the permission of school superintendent Anton Jarc alongside the Berilo (Reader) until 1868, when Anton Janežič's Cvetnik slovenske slovesnosti (Anthology of Slovene Literature) was published. This method of teaching Slovene was resisted by his pupils Josip Jurčič, Fran Levec, and Janko Kersnik, and was also criticized by Josip Stritar in his Kritična pisma (Critical Letters). After 1860 he wrote the work Slovanskiga cerkveniga jezika pravo imé, pervotna domovina in razmera proti sedanjim slovanskim jezikom (The True Name of the Church Slavic Language, Its Original Homeland, and Relations with Today's Slavic Languages) based on the works of Jernej Kopitar and Franz Miklosich. From 1863 until his death he published the newsletter Jezičnik (The Prattler), a supplement to Bishop Wolf's Učiteljski tovariš (Teacher's Friend), for which he wrote linguistics articles, overviews of Slovene literature, and extensive biographical, bibliographical, and literary-history articles about Metelko, Kopitar, and Janez Bleiweis; after 1883 these works appeared under the joint title Knjiga slovenska (The Slovene Book).
Selected works
Kopitarjeva spomenica (A Kopitar Memorial Volume), 1880
Jezičnik (The Prattler), 1863–1892
Josip Marn, vitez Fran-Josipovega reda (Josip Marn, Knight of the Order of Franz Joseph), 1892
Kratka staroslovenska slovnica (A Concise Old Slavic Grammar), 1863
Slovanskiga cerkveniga jezika pravo imé, pervotna domovina in razmera proti sedanjim slovanskim jezikom (The True Name of the Church Slavic Language, Its Original Homeland, and Relations with Today's Slavic Languages), after 1860
Works about Josip Marn
Dušan Mevlja. 1988. "Josip Marn: ob 95-letnici smrti." Večer 44(21): 14.
Andrijan Lah. 2002. "Josip Marn: naša kultura." Ave Maria 94(5): 108–109.
Andrijan Lah. 1993. "Ob stoletnici smrti Josipa Marna." Mohorjev koledar 69–71.
References
1832 births
1893 deaths
Slovenian literary historians
People from the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji
Executive oversight of the United States covert operations has been carried out by a series of sub-committees of the National Security Council (NSC).
Birth of covert operations in the Cold War
At the beginning of the Cold War, it was not inevitable that covert operations would become the dominion of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). The National Security Act of 1947 did not explicitly authorize the CIA to conduct covert operations, although Section 102(d)(5) was sufficiently vague to permit abuse. At the very first meetings of the NSC in late 1947, the perceived necessity to "stem the flow of communism" in Western Europe—particularly Italy—by overt and covert "psychological warfare" forced the issue. The actual responsibility for these operations was a hot potato, and when it was decided that the State Department would be in charge, Secretary of State George Marshall sharply opposed it, fearing it would tarnish the international credibility of his department. The upshot was that responsibility for covert operations was passed on to the CIA; this was codified in a NSC policy paper called NSC4-A, approved in December 1947. NSC4-A provided the authorization for the intervention of the CIA in the Italian elections of April 1948.
Proposed NSC 4-A Panel
A draft of NSC4-A envisioned the creation of a NSC-designated "panel" to approve operations. The executive secretary of the NSC, Sidney Souers, recommended that the panel be composed of representatives from the departments of State, Army, Navy and Air Force, as well an "observer" representative from the Joint Chiefs of Staff. This provision was dropped in the final version, which simply stated that the Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) "is charged with ensuring that [covert] psychological operations are consistent with U.S. foreign policy and overt foreign information activities, and that appropriate agencies of the U.S. Government, ..., are kept informed of such operations which will directly affect them."
From NSC 10/2 to NSC 5412 (June 1948–March 1955)
According to the Church Committee, throughout the period June 1948 to March 1955, "NSC directives provided for consultation with representatives of State and Defense". But "these representatives had no approval function. There was no formal procedure or committee to consider and approve projects."
NSC 10/2 Panel
The arrangement in NSC4-A did not please the influential director of the State Department's Policy Planning Staff (S/P), George F. Kennan. Under his leadership, a S/P paper titled "The inauguration of organized political warfare" was circulated in the NSC in early May 1948, which said that "there are two major types of political warfare—one overt and the other covert. Both, from their basic nature, should be directed and coordinated by the Department of State." Yet Kennan wanted to have his cake and eat it too: the paper made it clear that the State Department should not be formally associated with the conduct of covert operations. Then the Joint Chiefs of Staff entered the fray by guarding its prerogatives, particularly in wartime, especially in theatres of war. As a result of the controversy spurred by Kennan, NSC4-A was replaced by NSC10/2, approved by President Harry Truman on 18 June 1948, creating the Office of Policy Coordination (OPC). Kennan was still not satisfied and continued to press for State control, hoping that his choice for OPC director, Frank Wisner, would be loyal to the State Department—he was not.
NSC10/2 was the first presidential document which specified a mechanism to approve and manage covert operations, and also the first in which the term "covert operations" was defined. NSC10/2 charged the DCI with "Ensuring, through designated representatives of the Secretary of State and of the Secretary of Defense, that covert operations are planned and conducted in a manner consistent with US foreign and military policies and with overt activities." The representatives to this "10/2 Panel", also known as the "OPC Consultants", were Kennan for State (1948–1950) and Joseph McNarney for Defense (1948–1949). The panel, which met about once a week, was supplanted from January 1950 on by the regular attendance of a representative from the Joint Chiefs of Staff. According to Anne Karalekas, a Church Committee staffer, it did not constrain the OPC:
In the first half of its existence, OPC was not really under CIA's control. In the words of Edward P. Lilly, DCI Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, "although authorized by NSC-10/2 to supervise OPC, had allowed OPC to go its own way." OPC was brought under CIA control in October 1950, when Walter Bedell Smith became DCI. OPC was merged on 1 August 1952 with the CIA branch responsible for espionage, the Office of Special Operations (OSO), to form the Directorate of Plans (DDP).
NSC 10/5 Panel
Truman swelled the bureaucracy on 4 April 1951 when he established the Psychological Strategy Board (PSB). DCI Smith, seeking more high-level policy guidance, wanted the PSB "to replace the 10/2 Panel as approval body"; this proposal was adopted by the NSC. NSC10/5 tried to specify the purpose of the PSB. The 10/2Panel, which continued to function, was replaced in February 1952 by an enlarged 10/5Panel, which also included PSB staff. According to an internal CIA review from 1967, the 10/5Panel "functioned much as the 10/2 Panel had, but the resulting procedures proved cumbersome and potentially insecure."
According to John Prados, the CIA cut the PSB out of the loop, establishing instead an internal mechanism for approval of operations. In 1953, DCI Smith said that the PSB was "incompetent
and its work irrelevant".
"As the Truman administration ended", writes the Office of the Historian,
Enter Eisenhower
The Eisenhower administration took office on 20 January 1953. When Eisenhower replaced the PSB with the Operations Coordinating Board (OCB) on 2 September 1953, he also did away with the 10/5Panel, reverting to "a smaller group identical to the former 10/2Panel, without OCB staff participation." On 15 March 1954, Eisenhower approved NSC5412, which required CIA to consult with OCB. Although Eisenhower would later congratulate the CIA with its success in deposing Guatemala's democratically elected President, Jacobo Árbenz, he was privately irked by CIA's unauthorized bombing of SS Springfjord. According to Prados, that incident "convinced Eisenhower of the need for more rigorous control over covert action".
Planning Coordination Group (March 1955–December 1955)
The arrangement in NSC5412 suffered the same problem as the 10/5Panel; OCB "included more officials than ought to be concerned with secret war." So on 12 March 1955, Eisenhower approved NSC5412/1, creating a more senior Planning Coordination Group (PCG) within OCB. Significantly, the directive explicitly charged PCG with approving covert operations. The PCG proved to be a failure; its chairman, Nelson Rockefeller, recommended the abolishment of PCG before year's end. According to Prados, the problem was that CIA had not been forthcoming with details, latching on to a mention of "need-to-know" in NSC5412/1. The next directive would solve this by creating a committee "so high-powered there could be no question" of its need to know.
Special Group/303 Committee (December 1955–February 1970)
NSC5412/2 was approved by Eisenhower on 28 December 1955, a directive which remained in force for 15 years. Paragraph 7 specified the new oversight mechanism:
The resulting body became known as the 5412 Committee or, from 1957, the Special Group. It was the first time a "designated representative" of the President was included in the process; Eisenhower used his National Security Advisors for this purpose. The DCI was an ex officio member. In 1957, Eisenhower made the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff a member as well. In practice the membership of the Special Group varied on an ad hoc basis.
In late 1956, the newly formed PBCFIA, which had turned a candid eye towards covert operations, took issue with the "very informal" procedures of the Special Group. Consequently, an annex to NSC5412/2 was approved by Eisenhower on 26 March 1957, clarifying project approvals, and for the first time requiring the CIA to circulate "proposal papers" in advance of approval. The board continued to press for more prominence to the Special Group to keep the CIA from freewheeling. Eisenhower himself saw the proper functioning of the Special Group as crucial to fend off initiatives for meaningful congressional oversight of covert operations. On 26 December 1958 Eisenhower asked the Special Group to institute weekly meetings, with the result that "criteria for submission of projects to the Group were, in practice, considerably broadened."
Kennedy administration
The Special Group fell by the wayside when new administration of John F. Kennedy took office on 20 January 1961; although it remained "in theory intact", in practice it "took a backseat to meetings at which JFK personally presided". After the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion, the Special Group returned to prominence, and new procedures were set out in July 1961. In the wake of the scandal, DDP Richard M. Bissell Jr. suggested the name and workings of the Special Group be made public to demonstrate to the American people that the CIA was under effective executive oversight; that did not happen.
A second Special Group (Augmented) existed from November 1961 to the Cuban Missile Crisis of October 1962. The only difference was that it was specifically dedicated to managing the Cuban Project which sought to overthrow Fidel Castro's regime, and was headed by Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy. After the Missile Crisis brought the world to the brink of destruction, management of the war against Castro was transferred to discussions in the EXCOMM and NSC proper, before being handed over to an "obscure NSC appendage" known as the Standing Group chaired by National Security Advisor McGeorge Bundy.
Johnson administration
The Special Group was renamed to the 303 Committee on 2 June 1964, in response to the publication of the book The Invisible Government by David Wise and Thomas B. Ross, which made the old name public. A NSC staffer had recommended the new name be "something utterly drab and innocuous" to deflect away attention. The number refers to the national security directive which effected the change, NSAM303. Alternatively, the Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency by W. Thomas Smith Jr. claims the name derives from “a room number in the executive office complex in Washington D.C.”
40 Committees
On 17 February 1970, President Richard Nixon approved NSDM40, superseding and revoking NSC5412/2, and replacing the 303 Committee with the 40 Committee. Among the few substantive changes introduced by Nixon was the inclusion of Attorney General John N. Mitchell and a requirement to review covert programs annually. Like earlier, public exposure was the motive for changing the name; National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger explained to Nixon that "In view of recent mention of the 303 Committee in the public media, the directive changes the committee name to coincide with the number assigned to the NSDM itself, which is 40."
Nixon and Kissinger, who was charged with overseeing all covert operations on Nixon's behalf, kept the 40 Committee out of the loop on almost all the major and sensitive decisions, and the 40 Committee stopped having meetings; in 1972 it only met once.
Operations Advisory Group
On February 18, 1976, 40 committees was replaced by the Operations Advisory Group, in accordance with Executive Order 11905 issued by Gerald Ford. The new group was composed of the President's Assistant for National Security Affairs, the Secretaries of State and Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of Central Intelligence.
NSC Special Coordination Committee
The following year, on May 13, 1977, President Jimmy Carter issued Executive Order 11985 which updated the previous order, and renamed the Operations Advisory Group to the NSC Special Coordination Committee (SCC).
National Security Planning Group
Under the Reagan administration, the Special Coordination Committee was replaced by the National Security Planning Group (NSPG) which included the Vice-President, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Assistant for National Security Affairs, and the Director of the CIA. One level below the NSPG was the Policy Coordination Group (PCG), first known as the Crisis Pre-Planning Group (CPPG); one source describes the PCG as the actual successor to the Special Coordination Committee.
Special Intelligence Office
In 2002–2003, during the Bush Administration, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith created a special-purpose group encompassing and focusing on all military and intelligence efforts involving Iraq, Afghanistan, and other Near East countries, as well as all activities falling under the rubric of the Global War on Terror. This group has been said to have been responsible for stovepiping selective raw intelligence data, bypassing analysis processes as well as bypassing customary cooperation and coordination with NSA, Mossad, and other intelligence entities in order to shape decisions as to the war with Iraq. Its functions were morphed in the Office of Special Plans, which was subsequently investigated for manipulations of intelligence, unlawful activities, and espionage.
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Eisenhower Administration National Security Documents at Federation of American Scientists Intelligence Resource Program
Articles
Kibbe, Jennifer D. “A Loophole for Covert Operations”. Fort Worth Star-Telegram, August 8, 2004.
Prouty, L. Fletcher. “The Forty Committee”. Genesis, February 1975.
Political history of the United States
Classified documents
United States intelligence operations
Hypomesus nipponensis (wakasagi, Japanese smelt) is an important food fish native to the lakes and estuaries of Hokkaido, Japan. It has been introduced in other locations, including the San Francisco Delta of the United States. It is raised in fisheries, and is very similar in appearance to the delta smelt (H. transpacificus).
Synonyms
Hypomesus chishimaensis was described as being a new species in the lakes of Kunashir and Iturup in 1997 based on claimed morphological differences. After later studies failed to find these morphological differences, it regarded as an ecotype of H. nipponensis. A 2007 genetic analysis supported this classification, and recommended that H. chishimaensis not be given its own binomial designation.
Introduction to the United States
Native to the lakes and estuaries of Hokkaido, Japan and introduced to the lakes on Honshu and Kyushu, the Japanese wakasagi was introduced to California water reservoirs by the California Department of Fish and Game to provide more prey for stocked rainbow trout after failed attempts to introduce native delta smelt to three foothill reservoirs. At the time, the California-native delta smelt and the Japanese smelt were thought to be separated members of the same species, H. olidus. In 1959 the CDFG imported 3.6 million fertilized eggs attached to palm fiber mats from a population in Suwa Lake, located east of Tokyo; many of these eggs were dead on arrival. The fiber mats were placed in streams feeding into six lakes and reservoirs that appeared to be ecologically suitable for the smelt. It was thought at the time that these reservoirs could be chemically treated to eradicate the fish if they were found to be undesirable. In 1972 and 1973 about 77,000 fish from the Shastina Reservoir were moved to the Almanor Reservoir in Plumas County. All attempts to introduce the fish were successful, except the Dodge and Big Bear Reservoir introductions, the latter of which may have been partially attributable to chemical treatments meant to eradicate stunted crappie and goldfish.
Progression into delta
Although a retrospective analysis of preserved delta smelt samples caught in 1972 and 1982 from the Delta region has shown that wakasagi had been invading the estuaries in undetected quantities since at least the early 1970s, wakasagi expansion from these original introduction sites southward was not tracked until several years later. In 1994 they were detected at the State Water Project pumping plant for the first time, and by 1998 the fish could be found throughout the estuary including the Suisun and San Pablo Bays.
Consequences
Because the two species are very similar in morphology and life history, the wakasagi presents several potential threats to the endangered delta smelt. Besides direct competition for nutritional resources and the possibility that wakasagi may prey on the eggs and larvae of delta smelt, hybridization could either dilute the species or cause population decline due to sterilizing effects. In fact, a few hybrids have been captured in the wild, although all of them were first generation crosses and no evidence of back-crossing has been found, which would suggest that the hybrids were not viable. Misidentification of the species is an additional concern, which could lead to inaccurate assessments critical to making policy decisions; however this problem may be mitigated if genetic markers are used for identification.
In addition to its negative effects on the delta smelt, the wakasagi significantly reduced Kokanee fisheries, but helped increase growth rates of other salmon and trout fisheries.
Notes
References
nipponensis
Fish of Japan
Taxa named by Donald Evan McAllister
Fish described in 1963
Hey Ho may refer to:
Music
Albums
Hey Ho (What You Do to Me!) album Chad Allan And The Expressions (Guess Who?) 1965
Hey! Ho! Let's Go: The Anthology compilation album by Ramones
Hey-Ho Believe, album by Jimmy MacCarthy
Songs
"Hey! Ho! Let's Go!", "Blitzkrieg Bop", a 1976 punk rock song by Ramones
"Hip Hop Hooray", a 1992 hip hop song by Naughty by Nature
"Hey Ho, What You Do to Me", a 1965 song by The Guess Who
"Hey Ho" (Gin Wigmore song), 2010
"Hey Ho", a song by Ludacris, from the album Battle of the Sexes
"Hey Ho!", Lust (Lords of Acid album)
"Hey Ho Wish You Well", List of songs recorded by Slade 1985
"Hey Ho ...", The Blow Parade
"(Hey Ho) Move Your Body", Gibson Brothers 1984
"Hey - Ho", The Beachcombers (band) And Natalie With Orchestra Conducted By Ben Homer 1957
"Hey Ho! Europe", song by Barron Knights 1971
"Hey Ho! Let's Go!", T.M.F. 2009
"Hey Ho", Sebastian (Danish singer) Denmark 1973
"Datang Dan Pergi (Hey Ho)" Rahimah Rahim Senada Singapore 1974
"Hey Ho" Song By SEKAI NO OWARI
See also
"Hey Joe", a popular rock standard from the 1960s, first performed by the Leaves, notably covered by The Jimi Hendrix Experience
"Ho Hey", a song by The Lumineers
