Creagrocercidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Spirurida.
Genera:
Creagrocercus Baylis, 1943
References
Nematodes
Baddeck, And That Sort of Thing is a travel journal written by Charles Dudley Warner, the American author who co-wrote The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today with Mark Twain.
In 1873, Joseph Twichell invited Warner to accompany him on a trip to Baddeck, Nova Scotia. Warner subsequently wrote an account of this trip, which became Baddeck, And That Sort of Thing. The book helped launch Baddeck, and Cape Breton more broadly, as a tourist destination and may have influenced Alexander Graham Bell's decision to build a home in Baddeck. While Warner's story may have has a positive impact on Cape Breton's economy, the story angered many Cape Bretoners for its portrayal of them as simple and backward.
References
External links
Baddeck, And That Sort of Thing on Project Gutenberg
Books about Nova Scotia
American travel books
Victoria County, Nova Scotia
1874 books
1870s in Canada
Tazzoli may refer to:
Enrico Tazzoli (priest), an Italian priest who was one of the Belfiore martyrs
Italian submarine Enrico Tazzoli, more than one submarine of the Italian Navy
Julian Gjinaj (born 24 October 1996) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a defender for KF Oriku in the Albanian First Division.
References
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Vlorë
Albanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Flamurtari Vlorë players
KF Elbasani players
KF Oriku players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Abigail Quigley McCarthy (April 16, 1915 – February 1, 2001) was an American academic and writer, and the wife of politician and presidential contender Eugene McCarthy. She predeceased her estranged husband by almost five years.
Early life and education
Abigail Quigley was born in Wabasha, Minnesota, April 16, 1915. She graduated as a Phi Beta Kappa from the College of St. Catherine (now St. Catherine University) in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1936. She received her M.A. from the University of Minnesota in 1942 and did postgraduate work at the University of Chicago and the Middlebury School of English.
Career
McCarthy was a Catholic author, educator, and activist. She wrote several successful books and was a regular columnist for Commonweal, a liberal Catholic magazine, from 1974 to 1999. She wrote reviews for The New York Times and The Washington Post. She wrote a memoir entitled "Private Faces, Public Places", first published in 1972. She founded and was first president of "Church Women United", a lay Catholic group. In 1986 she co-authored a novel titled One Woman Lost with Jane Muskie.
Personal life
She met her future husband while working as a teacher in Mandan, North Dakota. They married on June 5, 1945, in St. Paul, Minnesota. Their first home was in Watkins, Minnesota, at an agriculture commune formed by Catholic couples. Following their separation, they lived separately, though they never divorced.
They had five children: Christopher Joseph McCarthy (April 30, 1946 – April 30, 1946), Michael Benet McCarthy, Ellen McCarthy, Margaret Alice McCarthy, and the late Mary Abigail McCarthy (died July 28, 1990).
McCarthy died in Washington, D.C. on February 1, 2001, at her home on Connecticut Avenue. The Abigail Quigley McCarthy Center for Women was established at her alma mater, St. Catherine University, in her honor.
References
External links
St Catherine University, Minnesota
In re the McCarthys' long separation
1915 births
2001 deaths
People from Wabasha, Minnesota
American columnists
American religious writers
Schoolteachers from North Dakota
20th-century American women educators
St. Catherine University alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
Writers from Minnesota
Journalists from Washington, D.C.
American women columnists
Women religious writers
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American politicians
People from Meeker County, Minnesota
American women non-fiction writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Catholics from Minnesota
20th-century American educators
The Nash–Sutcliffe model efficiency coefficient (NSE) is used to assess the predictive skill of hydrological models. It is defined as:
where is the mean of observed discharges, and is modeled discharge. is observed discharge at time t.
The Nash–Sutcliffe efficiency is calculated as one minus the ratio of the error variance of the modeled time-series divided by the variance of the observed time-series. In the situation of a perfect model with an estimation error variance equal to zero, the resulting Nash–Sutcliffe Efficiency equals 1 (NSE = 1). Conversely, a model that produces an estimation error variance equal to the variance of the observed time series results in a Nash–Sutcliffe Efficiency of 0.0 (NSE = 0). In reality, NSE = 0 indicates that the model has the same predictive skill as the mean of the time-series in terms of the sum of the squared error. In the case of a modeled time series with an estimation error variance that is significantly larger than the variance of the observations, the NSE becomes negative. An efficiency less than zero (NSE < 0) occurs when the observed mean is a better predictor than the model. Values of the NSE nearer to 1, suggest a model with more predictive skill. Subjective application of different NSE values as thresholds of sufficiency have been suggested by several authors. For the application of NSE in regression procedures (i.e. when the total sum of squares can be partitioned into error and regression components), the Nash–Sutcliffe efficiency is equivalent to the coefficient of determination (R2), thus ranging between 0 and 1.
In some applications such as automatic calibration or machine learning, the NSE lower limit of (-∞) creates problems. To eliminate this problem and re-scale the NSE to lie solely within the range of {0,1} normalization, use the following equation that yields a Normalized Nash–Sutcliffe Efficiency (NNSE)
Note that NSE=1 corresponds to NNSE=1, NSE=0 corresponds to NNSE=0.5, and NSE=-∞ corresponds to NNSE=0. This convenient re-scaling of the NSE allows for easier interpretation, and use of the NSE measure in parameter estimation schemes used in model calibration.
The NSE coefficient is sensitive to extreme values and might yield sub-optimal results when the dataset contains large outliers. To address this a modified version of NSE has been suggested where the sums of squares in the numerator and denominator of NSE are raised to 1 instead of 2 and the resulting modified NSE values compared to the original NSE values to assess the potential effect of extreme values. Importantly, this modification relies on the absolute value in lieu of the square power:
A test significance for NSE to assess its robustness has been proposed whereby the model can be objectively accepted or rejected based on the probability value of obtaining NSE greater than some subjective threshold.
Nash–Sutcliffe efficiency can be used to quantitatively describe the accuracy of model outputs other than discharge. This indicator can be used to describe the predictive accuracy of other models as long as there is observed data to compare the model results to. For example, Nash–Sutcliffe efficiency has been reported in scientific literature for model simulations of discharge; water quality constituents such as sediment, nitrogen, and phosphorus loading. Other applications are the use of Nash–Sutcliffe coefficients to optimize parameter values of geophysical models, such as models to simulate the coupling between isotope behavior and soil evolution.
Criticism
The Nash–Sutcliffe Coefficient masks important behaviors that if re-cast can aid in the interpreted as the different sources of model behavior in terms of bias, random, and other components. The alternate "Kling-Gupta" efficiency does not have the same bounds as the NSE
See also
Coefficient of determination
References
Hydrology models
Point estimation performance
The Universe Championships are annual worldwide bodybuilding events organised by the National Amateur Body-Builders' Association (NABBA). Originally promoted as the contest, the event was expanded to include women's classes in 1968. Notable previous winners include bodybuilder, actor, and former governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger, and bodybuilder and actor Steve Reeves (1926–2000).
The Universe Championships includes the following classes:
History
In 1948 David Johnston, then editor of Strength and Health magazine, and his team organised the Mr. Universe contest in London to coincide with the Olympic Games. The event drew great attention from bodybuilders and the general public who packed the Scala Theatre to see the spectacle. John Grimek earned the inaugural title with Steve Reeves placing second. Reeves eventually found his way to the microphone to declare, "I think that John Grimek is the greatest bodybuilder who ever lived!"
While there was no contest held in 1949, behind the scenes, members of the Strength and Health League were arranging the formation of the National Amateur Body-Builders' Association or NABBA. NABBA announced that it would be hosting the Mr Universe contest again in 1950. Steve Reeves returned to England to be crowned champion that year. Despite being the first NABBA Mr Universe, Steve Reeves was not chosen as the silhouette for the NABBA logo. That distinction would go to John Grimek and his likeness is still used to this day as the emblem of the association.
When Oscar Heidenstam became the NABBA Secretary in 1955, after a highly successful competitive career, he quickly became the main driving force of not only NABBA but also the Mr Universe contest. Around the same time, a network of area shows in the UK was established to increase membership.
In 1957, the Guadeloupan-French bodybuilder Arthur Robin became the first Black man to win the Mr Universe title.
The early success of the Mr Universe was underpinned by the support of many of the big names taking part such as John Grimek, Steve Reeves, Reg Park and Bill Pearl. Into the 1960s and 1970s the Mr Universe also became the launching pad for many of the famous bodybuilders of the day such as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Lou Ferrigno, Serge Nubret and many others.
These were the most influential champions, who not only took part, but encouraged others in America and Europe to support the Universe. Their inspiration still encourages many young bodybuilders today.
While the contest was initially only for amateur male bodybuilders, a professional class was added in 1952. The NABBA UK Constitution traditionally defines an amateur as someone who has "never entered and accepted prize money in an advertised professional event." Today NABBA International, the worldwide governing body, offers Pro Cards to the four male height class winners at the Universe Championships and the NABBA World Championships. Between 2011 and 2013 there was no professional Mr. Universe class held as interest had diminished. In 2013 however, following a seven-year absence from competition, Lee Priest returned and won the overall title as an amateur. Following his victory, the NABBA International Council determined that in 2014 the NABBA Professional Division would be reestablished with the inaugural professional contest being the 2014 NABBA World Championships in Belfast, Northern Ireland. In 2014, Dave Titterton won the Professional Mr Universe title in Southport, England.
Women's bodybuilding classes were included from 1968 as Ms Physique and then divided in 1986 into Ms Physique and Ms Figure. The Ms Physique class has since been discontinued at the Universe Championships however a Ms Toned and Ms. Athletic Figure is now offered.
In 1985, a Junior Mr Universe class was included for men under 21 years. The class was discontinued between 1990 and 1999 but returned in 2000.
In 1991, a Masters Over 40 class was introduced. The inaugural winner was Graeme Lancefield from Australia, narrowly beating NABBA legend John Citrone for the title. A Masters Over 50 class was introduced in 2002 with Mr Universe veteran Ian Lawrence from Scotland capturing the new award.
The NABBA Universe Championships is conducted under the auspices of NABBA UK and its chairman Jim Charles.
A separate competition called IFBB Mr. Universe was organized by the IFBB however his changed its name to the World Amateur Bodybuilding Championships in 1976.
Judging
The athletes are judged on their symmetry, proportions and the size and clarity of each muscle group. Most of the judging occurs during the day (this is called the pre-judging) before the distractions of the evening show, the finals.
Winners
References
External links
Full Winners List at NABBA
Complete Results - Amateur Men
Complete Results - Amateur Women
Complete Results - Pro Men
www.nabba.co.uk
www.nabba-international.com/
Bodybuilding competitions
Recurring events established in 1948
1948 establishments in England
James Mackay Cousins (born 23 February 1944) is an English Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newcastle upon Tyne Central from 1987 to 2010.
Early life
Cousins was educated at the City of London School, New College, Oxford and the LSE. While at Oxford University, Cousins was a leading member of the university's Liberal Club. During the 1960s, he authored a pamphlet rejecting the "new" Labour of the Harold Wilson era. From 1967 to 1972 he worked in industrial relations and as a research worker in industry. From 1972 to 1982 he was a research worker in Urban Affairs and City Labour Markets. From 1982 to 1987, he was a lecturer at Sunderland Polytechnic.
Parliamentary career
On the party's rebel left, Cousins briefly served on the party's front bench in a foreign affairs portfolio before being stripped of his position along with fellow frontbencher Ann Clwyd in 1995. The two MPs had been on a fact-finding tour of Kurdistan, at that time being ravaged by Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein, and failed to return in time for a crucial Commons vote. As a key ally of the then Shadow Foreign Secretary Robin Cook, Cousins was still hopeful of a ministerial job when Labour won the election in 1997, but his hopes were dashed and instead he became an influential member of the backbench Treasury Select Committee.
Although Cousins has been described as a member of Labour's so-called awkward squad, his politics and indeed his personality are in reality more complex. He voted against the war in Iraq in 2003 and opposed the introduction of tuition fees in 2004, but on other matters - such as Tony Blair's reforms of the National Health Service, he remained loyal.
The Liberal Democrats made a determined effort to target Cousins' Newcastle Central constituency in the 2005 general election, having taken control of Newcastle City Council the previous year, and Cousins saw his majority reduce from 11,605 to under 4,000. While unsuccessful in defeating Cousins, this result represented one of the largest swings in the country, possibly attributed to Liberal Democrat candidate Greg Stone's student-oriented campaign which focused on issues such as the 2003 invasion of Iraq and Top-up fees. In June 2009, Cousins announced that he would not be fighting to maintain his seat in the House of Commons at the next general election citing the health of his wife as the reason.
Personal life
He is married to Anne Elizabeth. They have two sons, and a stepson and stepdaughter.
External links
The Labour Party - Jim Cousins MP official biography
Guardian Unlimited Politics - Ask Aristotle: Jim Cousins MP
TheyWorkForYou.com - Jim Cousins MP
Jim Cousins Blog - by an opponent
BBC News - Jim Cousins profile 30 March 2006
BBC Profile compiled for the 1997 General Election
News items
Mugged on 20 October 2002
1944 births
Living people
Academics of the University of Sunderland
Alumni of New College, Oxford
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at the City of London School
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
People from Shepherd's Bush
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Rose Collins is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2007 and a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Stars, in 2003. In addition to her All Star awards in 2007 and a 2003, she was nominated for the All-Star shortlist in 2004.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Limerick camogie players
is a Japanese voice actress from Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi. She was previously affiliated with Mausu Promotion and Production Baobab, and is now affiliated with 81 Produce.
She is best known as the Japanese voice of Lisa Simpson.
Roles
Television animation
Anmitsu Hime (UFO)
Atashin'chi (Chikuwānu)
Bakusō Kyōdai Let's & Go!! (Tōkichi Mikuni)
The Brave Fighter of Sun Fighbird (Momoko Yamazaki)
Esper Mami (Teacher, younger brother)
Digimon Data Squad (Falcomon, Peckmon, Yatagaramon, Ravemon)
Floral Magician Mary Bell (Watch)
Ganbare, Kickers! (Hiroko)
Gintama (Space Okan)
Hamtaro (Ninham-kun)
Haré+Guu (Dama)
Jushin Liger (Mini Knight)
Mahōjin Guru Guru (Tomu Parotto, Sappari Fairy, Dosakusa Fairy)
NG Knight Lamune & 40 (Tama Q)
Onmyō Taisenki (Koroku the Black Tortoise)
Osomatsu-kun (Jajako)
Peter Pan no Bōken (Pushike)
Pretty Rhythm: Rainbow Live (Chisato Ibara/ Momo)
Star Musketeer Bismark (Marianne Louvre)
Sgt. Frog (Gomogomo)
Yes! PreCure 5 (Otaka-san)
Video games
Chaos Rings (Piu-Piu)
Crash Team Racing (Penta Penguin)
Dark Cloud
Digimon World Data Squad (Falcomon)
Kero Kero King (Super) DX (Basket-kun)
Dubbing roles
Live-action
Peter Rabbit (Taxi driver (Sacha Horler))
Ted 2 (Joy (Cocoa Brown))
The Tudors (Princess Elizabeth Tudor (Kate Duggan/Claire MacCauley/Laoise Murray))
Twin Dragons (Tong Sum (Nina Li Chi))
Wayne's World (Stacy (Lara Flynn Boyle))
Animation
Alvin and the Chipmunks (Theodore)
Cats Don't Dance (Darla Dimple)
Chuggington (Calley)
The Simpsons (Lisa Simpson)
Star Wars: Ewoks (Princess Kneesaa)
Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends (Percy the Small Engine) (2008- succeeding Chisato Nakajima)
Tiny Toon Adventures (Elmyra Duff)
References
External links
81 Produce profile
1960 births
Japanese voice actresses
Living people
People from Shimonoseki
Voice actresses from Yamaguchi Prefecture
20th-century Japanese actresses
21st-century Japanese actresses
81 Produce voice actors
Mausu Promotion voice actors
Production Baobab voice actors
All the Way to Paris is a 1965 South African comedy film directed by Jamie Uys and starring Uys, Bob Courtney and Reinet Maasdorp.
It was the first South African film to be filmed overseas.
Premise
International diplomats take part in a walking competition, heading towards a major conference in Paris.
Cast
Jamie Uys - Igor Strogoff
Bob Courtney - Granger J. Wellborne
Reinet Maasdorp - Tanya Orloff
Angus Neill - Johnny Edwards
Joe Stewardson - Ed Sloane
Arthur Swemmer - Anzonia
Frank Gregory - Italian Mayor
Mimmo Poli - Italian Butcher
Marjorie Gordon - Matron
Emil Nofal - TV Announcer
Sann De Lange - Yugoslav Mother
Wilhelm Esterhuizen - Austrian Farmer
Victor Ivanoff - Chief of the Russian Delegation
Keith Stanners-Bloxam - Chief of the American Delegation
Ricky Arden - Russian Delegate
References
External links
1965 films
1965 comedy films
Afrikaans-language films
1960s English-language films
English-language South African films
Films directed by Jamie Uys
South African comedy films
1967 comedy films
1967 films
1960s multilingual films
South African multilingual films
The 2013 Men's European Volleyball League was the tenth edition of the annual Men's European Volleyball League, which featured men's national volleyball teams from twelve European countries. A preliminary league round was played from June 13 to July 7, and the final four tournaments, which was held in Turkey on July 13–14, 2013.
For this years edition, the first four sets were played over 21 points.
Belgium defeated Croatia 3–0 in the final.
Teams
League round
Pool A
|}
Leg 1
The tournament was played at Budocenter, Vienna, Austria.
|}
Leg 2
The tournament was played at Antvorskovhallen, Slagelse, Denmark.
|}
Leg 3
The tournament was played in Sporthal Arena, Deurne, Belgium.
|}
Leg 4
The tournament was played in City Hall, Nitra, Slovakia.
|}
Pool B
|}
Leg 1
The tournament was played at Messzi István Sportcsarnok, Kecskemét, Hungary.
|}
Leg 2
The tournament was played at Pavelló de la Vall d'Hebron, Barcelona, Spain.
|}
Leg 3
The tournament was played in Mediteranski Sportski Centar, Budva, Montenegro.
|}
Leg 4
The tournament was played in Sports Hall, Opava, Czech Republic.
|}
Pool C
|}
Leg 1
The tournament was played at Dvorana "Gimnasium", Rovinj, Croatia.
|}
Leg 2
The tournament was played at Metrowest Sport Palace, Ra'anana, Israel.
|}
Leg 3
The tournament was played in Cengiz Göllü Volleyball Hall, Bursa, Turkey.
|}
Leg 4
The tournament was played in SK Olimpiets, Mogilev, Belarus.
|}
Final four
The Final Four was held at the Amiral Orhan Aydın Sports Hall in Marmaris, Turkey from July 13 to 14, 2013.
Qualified teams
(Hosts)
Bracket
Semifinals
|}
Third place game
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
Awards
Most Valuable Player
Bram Van den Dries
Best Scorer
Ivan Raič
Best Spiker
Michal Finger
Best Blocker
Tomáš Široký
Best Server
Matthias Valkiers
Best Setter
Simo-Pekka Olli
Best Receiver
Adam Bartos
Best Libero
Stijn Dejonckheere
References
External links
Official website
2013 Men
Men's European Volleyball League
League
2013 Men's European Volleyball League
2013 Men's European Volleyball League
20/20 Vision is the seventh studio album by the country music artist Ronnie Milsap, released in 1976.
Track listing
"20/20 Vision" (Geoffrey Morgan) – 3:05
"Lovers, Friends and Strangers" (Kent Robbins) – 2:52
"Not That I Care" (Cindy Walker) – 3:18
"Lovesick Blues" (Cliff Friend, Irving Mills) – 3:24
"You Snap Your Fingers (And I'm Back in Your Hands)" (John Schweers) – 3:19
"Looking Out My Window Through the Pain" (Schweers) – 3:56
"What Goes On When the Sun Goes Down" (Schweers) – 2:51
"You've Still Got a Place in My Heart" (Leon Payne) – 3:24
"I Got Home Just in Time to Say Goodbye" ("Wild" Bill Emerson, Wayne Kemp) – 3:05
"(I'm A) Stand by My Woman Man" (Robbins) – 2:56
Note: The song "You Snap Your Fingers (And I'm Back in Your Hands)" later appeared as a track on his 1989 album Stranger Things Have Happened.
Personnel
Acoustic Guitar: Jimmy Capps, Chip Young
Background Vocals: The Holladay Sisters (tracks 2,5,10), The Jordanaires (tracks 1,3,4,6,7,9), The Nashville Edition (track 8)
Bass guitar: Mike Leech, Henry Strzelecki, Jack Williams
Drums: Hayward Bishop, Larrie Londin, Kenny Malone
Electric Guitar: Glenn Keener, Reggie Young
Fiddle: Jim Buchanan, Marcy Cates, Marjorie Cates, Tommy Williams
Harmonica: Charlie McCoy, Terry McMillan
Lead Vocals: Ronnie Milsap
Percussion: Farrell Morris
Piano: Ronnie Milsap, Bobby Ogdin, Hargus "Pig" Robbins
Steel Guitar: Lloyd Green, John Hughey, Dick Overbey, Hal Rugg
String Arranger: D. Bergen White (tracks 1,3,6,8)
Vibraphone: Charlie McCoy, Farrell Morris
Charts
Singles
References
1976 albums
RCA Records albums
Ronnie Milsap albums
Domenico Gaffaro (died 1371) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Asolo (1348–1371).
Biography
On 5 November 1348, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Gregory XIII as Bishop of Asolo. He served as Bishop of Asolo until his death in 1371. While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of Lodovico Morosini, Bishop of Capodistria (1365).
References
14th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VI
1371 deaths
Norman J. Johnston (3 December 1918 – 16 March 2015) was a Professor in the Departments of Architecture, Landscape Architecture, and Urban Planning in the University of Washington College of Built Environments.
Education
Johnston was born in Seattle and raised in Olympia, Washington. His father, Jay Johnston, was the resident supervisor during the construction of the Washington State capitol complex. Johnston enrolled at the University of Washington, planning to study architecture, but graduated in 1942 with a B.A. in art. He subsequently earned his B.Arch. from the University of Oregon, graduating in 1949. He earned a Master of Urban Planning in 1959 and a Ph.D. in 1964 at the University of Pennsylvania.
Career
Johnston was a staff member for the Seattle Planning Commission from 1950–54 and then was employed by the Seattle architecture firm, Nelson, Sabin & Varey, from 1954 to 1956. After a brief period as a faculty member at the University of Oregon, he was appointed Associate Professor of Architecture and Planning at the University of Washington in 1960.
Over his academic career, Johnston taught courses in architecture, landscape architecture, and urban planning. He served as Assistant to the Dean from 1962 to 1964 and then as Associate Dean from 1966 to 1983. He was Chair of the Department of Architecture from 1983 to 1984. As a college administrator he helped to build the college library (now Built Environments Library) and the college slide collection (now Visual Resources Collection). He also worked to build the collection of architectural drawings and papers held at the University of Washington Libraries Special Collections Division. It was largely through his efforts that Elizabeth Ayer gave her family papers and drawings to the Special Collections Division of the University of Washington Libraries.
Johnston's publications focused on the history of the region, including the Washington State capitol complex and the University of Washington campus. He also wrote about the history of the Department of Architecture and the College of Built Environments (formerly the College of Architecture & Urban Planning).
Public service
During his years on the faculty, Johnston engaged in a broad range of university and public service. Johnston served on the University of Washington Landscape Advisory Committee beginning in 1970 and several times was its chair; in 2007 he was granted a lifetime voting privilege on the Committee. He was the founding chair of the Washington Capitol Master Plan Advisory Committee; he served as Chair from 1982 to 1988 and again in 1996, and he remained on the Committee for almost two decades. He was a founding member of Allied Arts of Seattle in 1952; in the 1960s he was a leader in Allied Arts's fight for legislation in Olympia to eliminate billboards. He served on the Washington State Architectural Registration Board from 1970 to 1981 and again from 1988 to 1999. He served as AIA Seattle president in 1981.
Johnston was elected a Fellow in the American Institute of Architects in 1982; he received the AIA Seattle Chapter Medal in 1990. He was a co-recipient, with his wife L. Jane Hastings, of the Leslie Boney Spirit of Fellowship Award given by the AIA College of Fellows. He received the Washington State Distinguished Citizen Award in 1991.
Writings
Johnston, Norman J., Cities in the Round University of Washington Press, Seattle and London, 1983.
Johnston, Norman J., Washington's Audacious State Capitol and its Builders, University of Washington Press, Seattle and London 1988,
Johnston, Norman J., The College of Architecture and Urban Planning, Seventy Five Years at the University of Washington: A Personal View, College of Architecture and Urban Planning, Seattle 1991.
Johnston, Norman J., The Fountain and the Mountain: The University of Washington Campus, Documentary Book Publishers, Woodinville WA, 1995; second edition: Documentary Media and the University of Washington, 2004
Johnston, Norman J., The Campus Guides: the University of Washington, Princeton Architectural Press, New York, 2001,
References
External links
AIA Seattle Honors Archive
2015 deaths
American architecture writers
American male non-fiction writers
American architectural historians
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
Architects from Seattle
University of Washington alumni
University of Oregon alumni
University of Pennsylvania School of Design alumni
University of Washington faculty
Writers from Seattle
1918 births
Historians from Washington (state)
Soopoolitse was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the eastern part of the territory of Estonia.
See also
Livonian Crusade
References
External links
Kuidas elasid inimesed vanasti, möödunud sajandil ja praegu (Estonian)
9. - 13. saj.pärinevad Eesti aardeleiud (Estonian)
Eesti haldusjaotus ja võõrvõimude vaheldumine läbi aegade (Estonian)
Ancient counties of Estonia
Streamline is the fourth studio album by drummer Lenny White, released in 1978 by Elektra Records. The album reached No. 27 on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
Critical reception
Alex Henderson at AllMusic gave Streamline three stars out of five, saying that it "isn't a five-star gem, but it isn't bad either" and calling it a "generally decent, if mildly uneven, collection of instrumental jazz fusion and R&B vocal numbers." He noted White's cover of the Beatles' "Lady Madonna" as an "interesting" highlight; other songs such as "Night Games", "Struttin'" and "Pooh Bear" he described as "enjoyable even though they fall short of the brilliance of the material on The Adventures of Astral Pirates [1978] and Venusian Summer [1975]."
Track listing
Personnel
Lenny White – drums, percussion, production
Chaka Khan – lead vocals (track 2)
Dianne Reeves – vocals (track 4), background vocals
Don Blackman – vocals (track 6), keyboard, Minimoog (track 4), synthesizer (track 7), Rhodes piano (track 10), piano (track 11), organ (track 3)
Nick Moroch – guitar (except tracks 1, 3, 10)
Jamie Glaser – guitar (tracks 1, 3, 10)
Denzil Miller Jr. – keyboard (track 8), Minimoog (track 9), rhythm arrangement (track 2)
Larry Dunn – Minimoog (track 1), synthesizer programming, production
Marcus Miller – bass
Chris Brunt – engineering
Richard Kaplan – engineering
Steve Hirsch – engineering
Don Mizell – executive production
Chart performance
References
Lenny White albums
1978 albums
Albums produced by Lenny White
Elektra Records albums
Bug Juice: My Adventures at Camp is an American docuseries that premiered on Disney Channel on July 16, 2018. It is a revival of the original Bug Juice program that aired on Disney Channel from February 28, 1998 to October 15, 2001.
Production
On August 4, 2017, Disney Channel announced that production was underway for a relaunch of Bug Juice, a docuseries that aired from February 28, 1998 to October 15, 2001. Production took place at Camp Waziyatah in Waterford, Maine, the location of the first season of the original program, with an expected premiere in early 2018. On April 19, 2018, it was announced that the relaunched program would be titled Bug Juice: My Adventures at Camp, and would premiere in summer 2018. The program premiered on July 16, 2018. Douglas Ross, Alex Baskin, Tina Gazzero Clapp, and Toni Gallagher serve as executive producers. The program is produced by Evolution Media. The first season consists of 16 episodes. On July 12, 2018, Disney Channel released the theme song for the program on YouTube.
Episodes
Ratings
}}
References
External links
2010s American children's television series
2018 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
Disney Channel original programming
English-language television shows
Television series about summer camps
Summer camps in the United States
Television series by Disney
Television series reboots
Television shows filmed in Maine
Fowler School District R4J is a school district headquartered in Fowler, Colorado. It operates two schools: Fowler Elementary School and Fowler Jr./Sr. High School.
It serves students in northwestern Otero County and a small section of Pueblo County.
History
Education in the Fowler area dates back to 1887, when the first documented school met about a mile southeast of the center of town with Miss Grace Fenlason as teacher. A school board was established around 1889. Fowler voters approved a bond to build a permanent schoolhouse in 1901. Fowler School District 26 was organized in 1903, the same year that the high school saw its first graduate. By 1906, students were being educated at the school in Fowler and a schoolhouse in Omer.
A reorganization in 1961 created Fowler School District R4j and brought in superintendent Larry Vibber, who had been the superintendent in nearby Sugar City prior to Crowley County school districts being reorganized and consolidated. A new high school was constructed in 1964.
Superintendents
Jearl Nunnelee
Larry Vibber (1962 - 2009)
Steve Grasmick
Alfie Lotrich (2017-)
Extracurricular activities
The Fowler Grizzlies compete in Colorado High School Activities Association sports in the 2A classification and 8-man football. Brent Van Hee is among the 29 four-time state wrestling champions in Colorado with titles won from 1983 to 1986.
References
External links
School districts in Colorado
Education in Otero County, Colorado
Education in Pueblo County, Colorado
Zoltank (stylized as ZOLTANK) is the second studio album by Japanese Darkwave duo, Aural Vampire, but their first released through a major record label. The song from the album, "69 Balloons", was used as the theme song to the film "The OneChanbara".
Track listing
Personnel
Exo-Chika – vocals
Raveman – production, lyrics
Reception
Charts
External links
Official Website
References
2010 albums
Japanese-language albums
Aspicilia (sunken disk lichen) is a genus of mostly crustose areolate lichens that grow on rock. Most members have black apothecia discs that are slightly immersed in the areolas, hence the common name.
Most of the species of this genus grow on calcareous and acidic rocks and most of the taxa prefer temperate and arctic habitats.
Some members of the genus Aspicilia are pioneer species on granite and other hard rock, after which members of other lichen species may grow on them, such as members of Acarospora.
Description
Members of this genus are weakly cracked to distinctly areolate, with a scattered to whole thalli. Some of the species of this genus are disc-shaped with plicate lobes at the circumference; these lobes may appear chalky white, grayish, greenish or brownish. Some possess vegetative means of propagation such as isidia (column-like structures of fungal and algal cells normally found on the top-side or outer cortex of the lichen) and soredia (structures that produce soralia, granule-like masses of intertwined fungal and algal cells occurring on top of the cortex and on the margins).
They have characteristic ascomata which are mostly immersed but occasionally emergent. They have 4 to 8 spored asci that are cylindrical to club-shaped. Their ascospores are typically ellipsoid to globose in shape, colorless and thin-walled. They often contain β-orcinol depsidones (secondary metabolites of lichens) such as norstictic acid and stictic acids; others have fatty acids or triterpenes. In genus Aspicilia dramatic changes in growth forms are very common, and some taxa may display extreme transitions within the same population or even changes within the same thallus.
Classification
Previously placed in the family Hymeneliaceae, phylogenetic analyses indicate that the genus is better placed in the family Megasporaceae.
Species
, Species Fungorum accepts 70 species of Aspicilia.
Aspicilia abbasiana
Aspicilia albosparsa
Aspicilia angelica
Aspicilia aquatica
Aspicilia arizonica
Aspicilia armeniaca
Aspicilia aurantiaca
Aspicilia auricularis
Aspicilia berntii
Aspicilia bicensis
Aspicilia blastidiata
Aspicilia boykinii
Aspicilia brucei
Aspicilia calcitrapa
Aspicilia californica
Aspicilia candida
Aspicilia cinerea
Aspicilia confusa
Aspicilia corallophora
Aspicilia cuprea
Aspicilia cyanescens
Aspicilia desertorum
Aspicilia dubertretii
Aspicilia endochlora
Aspicilia epiglypta
Aspicilia euphratica
Aspicilia expansa
Aspicilia fluviatilis
Aspicilia fruticulosofoliacea
Aspicilia fumosa
Aspicilia granulosa
Aspicilia grisea
Aspicilia guadalupensis
Aspicilia humida – South Korea
Aspicilia knudsenii
Aspicilia laevata
Aspicilia major – Falkland Islands
Aspicilia nashii
Aspicilia niesenensis
Aspicilia ochromelaena
Aspicilia olivaceobrunnea
Aspicilia olivaceopallida
Aspicilia pacifica
Aspicilia peltastictoides
Aspicilia persica
Aspicilia phaea
Aspicilia prestensis
Aspicilia pseudoabbasiana
Aspicilia pseudovulcanica
Aspicilia punctiformis
Aspicilia reagens
Aspicilia santamonicae
Aspicilia serpentinicola
Aspicilia sipeana
Aspicilia stalagmitica
Aspicilia straussii
Aspicilia subcaesia
Aspicilia subdepressa
Aspicilia subepiglypta
Aspicilia subfarinosa
Aspicilia subgeographica
Aspicilia subgoettweigensis
Aspicilia submamillata
Aspicilia substerilis
Aspicilia substictica
Aspicilia taurica
Aspicilia tuberculosa
Aspicilia verrucigera
Gallery
References
Pertusariales
Lichen genera
Pertusariales genera
Taxa named by Abramo Bartolommeo Massalongo
Taxa described in 1852
William A. Mathews (1800–1856) was a 19th-century Texas colonist, soldier, courier and quartermaster in the Texas Revolution.
Early life and family
Mathews sometimes spelled Matthews, was born in Vermont in 1800. At the age of seventeen, he would join with Green DeWitt at Missouri. In 1824, he would assist DeWitt when traveling to Texas, bringing in families and settling near Gonzales, Texas. Mathews married Naomi Dewitt, a daughter of Green DeWitt and they had one son. Mathews became a prominent citizen of Gonzales, rendering aid to all settlers of the colony. His wife died early and in 1838 he married Nancy King, a daughter of John G. King. They had two children.
Career in Texas
Mathews would aid in the colonization of the DeWitt Colony. He would contract with DeWitt, who was encountering difficulties filling his obligations with the Mexican government in bringing 400 families to Texas. Mathews was contracted to bring 20 families into the DeWitt Colony from Tennessee. Mathews would guide the group to Texas, seeing to procure their supplies and other needs. Once entering Texas he would assure that they would receive their land grants. He acquired much land for himself, thus becoming a farmer and cattle rancher of the region.
Texas Revolution
On February 4, 1836, William A. Mathews was named along with Mathew Caldwell and Byrd Lockhart as commissioners to raise a group of volunteers in Gonzales for a ranging company. On February 23, a 23 member Gonzales Ranging Company of Mounted Volunteers were mustered into service. During the Texas Revolution, he would participate as a volunteer soldier, courier and quartermaster.
In 1837-1838, he would serve with Byrd Lockhart's company, as a scout for the Republic.
William A. Matthews died in 1856 and was buried on the east side of the Masonic cemetery in Gonzales.
Legacy
In 1962, a historical grave marker was placed in the Gonzales Masonic Cemetery, honoring his service to Texas.
See also
Battle of Bexar 1835
List of Alamo defenders
Battle of the Alamo
References
Sources
Texas Revolution
People of the Texas Revolution
Schmugge is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ludwig Schmugge (born 1939), German historian
Thomas Schmugge, American physicist and hydrologist
Thorsten Schmugge (born 1971), German footballer
German-language surnames
Mikhail Rafailovich Raukhverger (also transliterated as Rauchverger or Rauverger; ; December 5 (November 22 O.S.), 1901 October 18, 1989) was a Jewish–Soviet pianist and composer.
Career
Mikhail Raukhverger was born in Odessa. He graduated from the Moscow Conservatory under Felix Blumenfeld in 1927 and in 1929–1941 taught there.
He then moved to the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic, where he composed early Kirghiz operas and ballets. He composed several operas and ballets, a symphony and a symphonic suite, a cello concerto, three string quartets, piano pieces, more than four hundred choral works and songs as well as drama and film scores.
He was awarded Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1974) and People's Artist of Kyrgyzstan (1961).
He died in Moscow in 1989, aged 87.
Selected film scores
1937 - The Lonely White Sail
1956 - For the Power of the Soviets
1959 - Morning Star
References
1901 births
1989 deaths
Russian composers
Russian male composers
Russian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Moscow Conservatory alumni
Moscow Conservatory academic personnel
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century composers
Jewish classical pianists
20th-century Russian male musicians
Gyland is a village in the municipality of Flekkefjord in Agder county in Norway. It is located in the northeastern part of Flekkefjord along the river Gylandselva, just a short distance north of the lake Kumlevollvatnet. The Sørlandet Line runs just south of the village, stopping at Gyland Station. The local village church, Gyland Church, was located in the village until 1929 when it was moved about to the southwest. Now a small chapel is located in Gyland where the old church was once standing.
Name
The municipality (originally the parish) was named after the old Gyland farm (Old Norse: Gýjuland), where Gyland Church was originally located. The first element is the old name of the river that flows past the farm (Old Norse: Gýja or Gý) and the last element is land which means "land".
References
External links
Weather information for Gyland
Flekkefjord
Villages in Agder
The rufous-bellied woodpecker or rufous-bellied sapsucker (Dendrocopos hyperythrus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. This woodpecker has a habit of making a series of small pits on the bark of trees leading to its being considered an Asiatic member of the sapsuckers in the past. It is found along the Himalayas in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia, ranging across Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, Hong Kong, India, Korea, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, Manchuria, Ussuriland and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Description
The rufous-bellied woodpecker ranges in length from about . The male has a red crown while the female has a black crown, speckled with white. Both sexes have a black mantle and back, while the wings are black barred with white. The upper tail is black, with some white barring on the outer two pairs of feathers. The face is white and the throat and underparts are a uniform cinnamon or rufous. The lower belly is black barred with white and the under-tail converts are red or pink. The iris is chestnut, the upper mandible of the beak is black and the lower mandible grey, and the legs are grey or olive.
Ecology
It has a tongue that has a brushy tip that allows it to feed on sap. Sap is predominantly sought in the spring season while wood-boring and bark insects are taken at most other times. The same trees may be used for the extraction of sap from year to year.
Status
The rufous-bellied woodpecker has a wide range but is generally an uncommon bird. It has disappeared from part of its former range because of the clearing of the deciduous forest necessary for its survival. The population trend is thought to be downwards, but the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
rufous-bellied woodpecker
Birds of China
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Manchuria
Birds of Yunnan
rufous-bellied woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bobby Collins is an American stand-up comedian and film actor.
Early life
A native of New York City, he was raised in Glen Oaks, Queens. He is the son of George and Margaret Collins and has two older brothers and one older sister. Collins attended New Hyde Park Memorial High School on Long Island and then went on to pursue a degree in history from the State University of New York at Buffalo. Collins taught high school in Buffalo as a substitute teacher for one year, then worked in the Garment District in New York City at Calvin Klein while pursuing a career at night in comedy.
Collins was named after his father's favorite comedian, Bob Hope.
Career
Collins first worked at Catch a Rising Star Comedy Club on the Upper East Side of New York City and then went on to performing all over the city and in New Jersey.
He has opened for star performers including Frank Sinatra, Cher, Julio Iglesias, Tony Bennett and Dolly Parton.
Collins has also appeared in numerous television shows and movies, including the 2010 documentary film I Am Comic. He was Rosie O'Donnell's successor in hosting the TV show VH-1's Standup Spotlight.
As of 2011 Collins appeared in over 200 live stand-up performances per year around the United States. He performs regularly on XM Satellite Radio.
Collins lives in Santa Monica, California, and he often uses the cultural tension between New York and Santa Monica in his routines.
Recordings
Over the course of his career, Collins has released six comedy albums: I'm on the Boat, Women and Children First, On the Inside, I Wanna Go Home, You're Not Coming With Us, Mr. New York and Out of Bounds.
In April 2008 he released a DVD, Bobby Collins: Live From New York City.
Recognition
Bobby Collins was nominated for a CableACE Award as well as for the American Comedy Awards 1997 “Stand-up Comic of the Year.” A New York Post reviewer described him as a “perfect fusion of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis.”
References
1951 births
Living people
American stand-up comedians
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Tavullar, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
George Christopher Archibald (30 December 1926 – 22 February 1996), briefly 2nd Baron Archibald in 1975, also known as Chris Archibald, was a British economist, a researcher and professor. He played a significant role in building the new University of Essex into a premier UK research centre for the social sciences in the 1960s.
Richard Lipsey (1996), a friend and colleague, in reviewing Archibald's last book, Information, Incentives, and the Economics of Control (1992) usefully summarises his approach to economics. He was "firmly in the camp of those who accept the practical value of the price system as a coordinator of decentralized decision making while rejecting the cruder versions of Chicagoism that everything produced by the price system is optimal." And while emphasising "the virtues of the price system" noted that "its unaided operations were, in his own words, 'not beyond human wit to improve upon.'" (Lipsey, 1996, p1005-6)
Archibald was born in Scotland, the first son of Dorothy Archibald and George Archibald, 1st Baron Archibald. He completed high school at Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, and received his bachelor's degree in history from Cambridge University in 1943. After military service in WWII and Palestine, he completed a Bachelor of Science in economics at the London School of Economics in 1951.
After graduation Archibald taught in Otago, New Zealand, but returned to the London School of Economics (LSE) in 1955 and was appointed to the staff. He was one of the founding members of the LSE Staff Seminar on Methodology, Measurement and Testing. He left LSE in 1964 to join the staff at the newly created University of Essex, where he received a professor's chair in 1967. In 1971, he moved to the University of British Columbia. Also in 1971 he married Daphne May Vincent Henman, his second wife. Upon the death of his father, instead of becoming Baron Archibald, he renounced the peerage, expressing the opinion that hereditary honours were empty honours. He retired from the University of British Columbia in 1991 and returned to Scotland.
Selected publications
with R. G. Lipsey (1958) "Monetary and Value Theory: A Critique of Lange and Patinkin" The Review of Economic Studies 26(1): pp. 1–22, , applied Patinkin's theory to stock flows and stock equilibrium and developed that relationship for the first in modern monetary economics.
(1967) "Refutation or Comparison" The British Journal for the Philosophy of Science 17(4): pp. 279–296, , detailed some of what measurement and testing can and cannot accomplish.
(1992) Information, Incentives, and the Economics of Control Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, England, (new edition republished in 2005), is considered a staple in the field.
References
Lipsey, Richard G., (1996) "Obituary: George Christopher Archibald, 1926-1996" The Canadian Journal of Economics / Revue canadienne d'Economique 29(4): pp. 1004–1006
British economists
1926 births
1996 deaths
20th-century economists
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Louis Fauconnier (born 3 October 1915, date of death unknown) was a Belgian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1915 births
Year of death missing
Belgian male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Belgium
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Tom Woodson Poor (December 15, 1903 – December 20, 1965) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born in Bismarck, Missouri and died in Grove, Oklahoma.
He won the 1923 NCAA Championship in the high jump with a jump of 6 feet, 1 inch, while competing for University of Kansas. In 1924 he finished fourth in the high jump competition.
More than 600 athletes participated in the 1st annual Kansas relays on April 20, 1923.[3] During the relays early years the meet featured collegiate athletes in track and field such as Tom Poor, Ed Weir, and Tom Churchill were some of the athletes who later competed in the Olympics.[1][3] Tom Poor was the first to win the high jump event in Kansas Relays, with a jump of six feet and a quarter inch.[3] He later went on to place fourth in the 1924 Olympics. He paved the way for other athletes competing in the track and field events in the Mid-West.
References
External links
1903 births
1965 deaths
People from St. Francois County, Missouri
American male high jumpers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Bussigny is the name of several places:
Bussigny-près-Lausanne, Canton of Vaud, Switzerland
formerly "Bussigny-sur-Morges"
Bussigny-sur-Oron, Canton of Vaud, Switzerland
Gergő Nagy may refer to:
Gergő Nagy (footballer) (born 1993), Hungarian footballer
Gergő Nagy (ice hockey) (born 1989), Hungarian ice hockey player
Karaağaç, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Scirrotherium is an extinct genus of pampatheres, a family of herbivorous cingulates, related to the similar but smaller modern armadillos, and with the now extinct glyptodonts, well-known from their shell-like armor. Its scientific name is derived from the Greek prefix "skiros-", "cover", and the suffix "-therion, "beast", while the name of the type species, hondaensis, honors the town of Honda, in the Tolima Department of Colombia. Scirrotherium is one of several genera of xenarthrans found in the La Venta fauna, dated from the Middle Miocene.
Description
Scirrotherium is only known from an incomplete skull preserving teeth and a fragmentary mandible, as well as postcranial vertebrae and parts of its osteoderm armor. These remains were smaller than in its relative Kraglievichia, and larger than those of Vassallia. Scirrotherium was characterized by its cylindrical molars, a bilobed eighth lower molar, and by the presence in the third thoracic vertebra of a disc-shaped surface, conjectured to have had a little mobility. In Scirrotherium hondaensis, the mobile osteoderms presented in the sculpted area foramina aligned in two rows, with marked lateral edges, and a short, rounded and narrow axial elevation. The fixed osteoderms had fewer foramina arranged in the form of an arch with a posterior concavity and a narrower longitudinal central elevation, delimited by superficial longitudinal depressions. Pampathere osteoderms attributed to this genus, from the Ituzaingó Formation in the Entre Ríos Province of Argentina, the Puerto Madryn Formation in the Valdes Peninsula in Argentine Patagonia and the Solimões Formation in the Brazilian State of Acre, under the species S. carinatum have some anatomical differences with the type species, such as the anterior foramina of the mobile osteoderms arranged in a row and a longitudinal central elevation carinated.
References
Prehistoric cingulates
Prehistoric placental genera
Miocene xenarthrans
Miocene genus first appearances
Miocene mammals of South America
Pliocene mammals of South America
Pliocene xenarthrans
Pliocene genus extinctions
Neogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossils of Brazil
Neogene Brazil
Neogene Colombia
Fossils of Colombia
Honda Group, Colombia
Ituzaingó Formation
Fossil taxa described in 1997
William F. Berndt is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate.
Biography
Berndt was born on July 18, 1956. He graduated from River Falls High School in River Falls, Wisconsin, class of 1974, before attending the University of Wisconsin–River Falls and the University of Minnesota. Berndt is married with a son and daughter. He owned a furniture manufacturing company.
Career
Berndt served as a Republican in the Assembly, he was first elected in 1984 and was re-elected in 1986. He was elected to the Senate in a special election in 1989 and served until 1993.
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
People from River Falls, Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Republicans
University of Wisconsin–River Falls alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
1956 births
Living people
The James Sullivan Wiley House is a historic house at 148 East Main Street in Dover-Foxcroft, Maine. A fine Greek Revival house with a temple front, it was built in 1849 by James Sullivan Wiley, a prominent local lawyer and teacher who also represented the area in the United States Congress for one term. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The building now houses offices of the Charlotte White Center, a social service agency.
Description and history
The Wiley House is set on the north side of East Main Street, not far from the center of Dover-Foxcroft, the seat of Piscataquis County. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a front-gable roof and a high granite foundation. Most of the house is finished in wooden clapboards; the front is finished in flushboarding that resembles stone. The roof extends over the front facade to form a portico with a triangular pediment supported by three slender Doric columns. The pediment houses a small sash window. Under the portico the facade is two bays wide, with the entrance in the left bay. The entry is flanked by sidelight windows and pilasters and topped by an entablature.
The house was built in 1849 by James Sullivan Wiley, a native of Mercer who became principal of Foxcroft Academy after graduating from Waterville (now Colby) College in 1836. He became a lawyer, and served one term (1847–49) in the United States Congress. He lived here until 1889. The house he built is a fine local example of a temple-fronted Greek Revival residence.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Piscataquis County, Maine
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Greek Revival houses in Maine
Houses completed in 1849
Houses in Piscataquis County, Maine
Dover-Foxcroft, Maine
1849 establishments in Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Piscataquis County, Maine
The 1990 Kingston upon Thames Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Kingston upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council stayed in no overall control.
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
The Naze is a headland on the east coast of England. It is on the coast of Essex just north of Blackwater and projects into the North Sea. This area is south of the double estuary of the River Stour and River Orwell at Harwich and just north of the town of Walton-on-the-Naze. It is also the location of the Naze Tower, an 18th century monument.
The Naze is a peninsula north of the town. It is important for migrating birds and it has a small nature reserve. The marshes of Hamford Water behind the town are also of ornithological interest, with wintering ducks and brent geese. Many bird watchers visit at migration times.
History
The Naze takes its name from Viking raiders or settlers. The place-name "Naze" derives from Old English næss "ness, promontory, headland". In 1722 Daniel Defoe mentions the nearby town Walton calling it "Walton, under the Nase".
The tall brick Naze Tower on the highest point was a light-house, and was built up to its present height in 1796. In the Napoleonic and 1st World Wars it was a naval signal station. In the 2nd World War a Chain Home Low radar station was built on the Naze to track German warships and low-flying aircraft, and extended in 1942 to include the old tower.
(Refs; WO series and AVIA 7 and AIR 26 series files at the National Archives, Kew).
Threats
The Naze is eroding rapidly and threatening the tower and the wildlife. The Naze Protection Society was formed to campaign for erosion controls. The Naze has become popular for school fieldwork into erosion and methods to protect the coast. Protection includes a sea wall, a riprap, groynes and a permeable groyne as well as drainage. Millions of tons of sand have been added to the beach to replenish it and stop the cliff eroding. However, the cliff near Naze Tower is greatly eroded. The cliff is receding fast and within 50 years Naze Tower may have tumbled into the sea like the pill boxes that can be seen on the beach.
References
External links
The official Walton-on-the-Naze website
Naze Protection Society
The Naze Tower
Headlands of England
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Essex
Coastal environment of Essex
Beaches of Essex
Landforms of Essex
Coastal Essex
The Absent One (), also known as Department Q: The Absent One, is a 2014 Danish crime mystery film directed by and co-written by Nikolaj Arcel and Rasmus Heisterberg, based on Jussi Adler-Olsen's novel of the same name. It is the second film in the Department Q series following the 2013 film The Keeper of Lost Causes, and preceding the 2016 film A Conspiracy of Faith.
Plot
The story centers around the murder of twins in 1994, one of whom was also raped. At first unwilling to get involved in the case, Mørck changes his mind after their father commits suicide after approaching him one night and leaving behind a box of material on the case he has been collecting for years. Dept Q's investigation leads away from the young man originally convicted, towards a group of students from a nearby boarding school who became pillars of the Danish establishment.
Cast
Release
When it was released in Oct 2014 it was Denmark's highest-grossing opening week for a local film ever.
Fare Fares who play Assad received the Robert Award (called the "Danish Oscar") for his performance as Best Actor in a Supporting Role. The film also received the Audience Award.
Reception
Critical response
The Absent One holds a 92% approval rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 12 reviews.
References
External links
2014 films
2010s Danish-language films
2010s French-language films
2014 crime thriller films
2010s mystery thriller films
Danish crime thriller films
German crime thriller films
German mystery thriller films
Swedish crime thriller films
Swedish mystery thriller films
Films shot in Denmark
Films shot in Germany
Films shot in Hamburg
Zentropa films
Nordisk Film films
Department Q
2014 multilingual films
Films produced by Peter Aalbæk Jensen
Films produced by Louise Vesth
2010s German films
2010s Swedish films
Astegotherium is an extinct genus of xenarthran, belonging to the family Dasypodidae. It lived from the Early to the Middle Eocene, and its fossilized remains are found in Argentina.
Description
This genus is only known from the dermal plates (osteoderms) that composed its dorsal armor. It was probably fairly similar with the modern nine-banded armadillo. Astegotherium was characterized by its osteoderms with a central figure almost devoid of foramina, while the posterior part of the osteoderms has hair foramina.
Classification
The type species, Astegotherium dichotomus, was first described in 1902 by Florentino Ameghino, based on fossil remains found in Argentina, dating to the Middle Eocene. Other fossils attributed to this genus were later discovered in Argentina, in terrains dating from the Early to the Middle-Late Eocene.
Astegotherium is one of the earliest armadillo known in the fossil records, and it is considered a member of the family Dasypodidae, which includes the modern nine-banded armadillo.
Bibliography
Tejedor, M.F., Goin, F.J., Gelfo, J.N., López, G.M., Bond, M., Carlini, A.A, Scillato-Yané, G.J., Woodburne, M.O., Chornogubsky, L., Aragón, E., Reguero, M.A., Czaplewski, N.J., Vincon, S., Martin, G.M., and Ciancio, M. 2009. New early Eocene mammalian fauna from Western Patagonia, Argentina. American Museum Novitates 3638: 1–43.
Ciancio, M.R., Herrera, C., Aramayo, A., Payrola, P., and Babot, J. 2016. Diversity of cingulate xenarthrans in the middle–late Eocene of Northwestern Argentina. Acta Palaeontologica Polonica 61 (3): 575–590.
Armadillos
Prehistoric cingulates
Prehistoric placental genera
Eocene xenarthrans
Eocene genus first appearances
Eocene mammals of South America
Eocene genus extinctions
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 1902
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Sidhi Kumari is a member of Legislative assembly from Bikaner East (Rajasthan Assembly constituency) ever since the creation of this constituency seat(after delimitation) in 2008. She got elected from Bikaner East in 2008, 2013 and 2018 respectively as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party.
She was born in 1973 in the erstwhile Royal family of Bikaner. She had studied up to M A & also serves as director of Museum at Lalgarh Palace. She is daughter of Narendra Singh Bahadur & grand daughter of Maharajah Sri Dr. Karni Singh Bahadur of Bikaner.
She is fondly called Bai Sa (beloved daughter) in Bikaner. She speaks less but is still popular among local public because of effective allocation of Funds to Public for Development Works. Quite popular among the public despite being absent on issues of public interest. She built a museum at the age of 25. In this museum, things related to her mother and grandmother are kept.
References
Sidhi Kumari
People from Bikaner
Rajasthan MLAs 2008–2013
1973 births
Women in Rajasthan politics
Living people
Rajasthan MLAs 2013–2018
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Rajasthan MLAs 2018–2023
Maryam Ebrahimi (born May 28, 1976) is a Swedish Iranian journalist, documentary filmmaker, producer and director.
Biography
Ebrahimi was born in Tehran, Iran on May 28, 1976. She is a journalist and TV producer based in Sweden. She has made several reports around the world, especially in the Middle East. Maryam is well known for her documentaries broadcast on international TV channels.
Her documentary No Burqas Behind Bars shot in Afghanistan won an international Emmy Award in 2014. In 2018 she received the gold prize during the Festival International de Programmes Audiovisuels in Biarritz for her documentary Stronger than a Bullet.
Filmography
Stronger than a Bullet (2017)
Prison Sisters (2016)
The Death Row (2013)
No Burqas Behind Bars (2012)
I Was Worth 50 Sheep (2011)
References
External links
Nimafilm Productions Official Website
Iranian journalists
Swedish journalists
Swedish documentary filmmakers
Iranian documentary filmmakers
1958 births
Living people
The fire-bellied woodpecker (Chloropicus pyrrhogaster) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Benin, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Togo and western Cameroon. A common species, the IUCN has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern". Some taxonomic authorities place this species in Dendropicos.
Description
The upper parts of the fire-bellied woodpecker are olive or bronze with slight barring. The wings are brown with some light barring and the upper-tail blackish. The rump and upper tail coverts are crimson. The head and throat are white, boldly marked with a blackish malar streak that extends onto the breast, and a post-ocular streak extending onto the ear-coverts. The breast is cream with dark chevrons on the flanks, the central region and belly being scarlet as far as the vent. The long, sharp beak is grey as are the legs. The sexes are different; the male has a red crown and nape while the female has this area black. The female has a longer tail and shorter beak than the male, and the red on her belly is less distinct. Juveniles are duller and browner than adults, and both sexes have some red on the crown at this age.
Distribution and habitat
The fire-bellied woodpecker is native to tropical West Africa, its range extending from Upper Guinea and Sierra Leone eastwards to southern Nigeria and western Cameroon. It is found in the lowlands and foothills, its habitat being clearings and edges of primary rainforest; it is also found in gallery forest, scattered woodland, partially logged and degraded areas, wooded savannah and scrubby bush, and there are usually some large dead trees within its range. It is a non-migratory species.
Ecology
This woodpecker is usually seen in pairs or small family groups, but it sometimes associates with other insect-eating birds. It forages for insects, especially beetle larvae, mainly in the canopy and on dead standing trees, but sometimes descends onto fallen trees. Both sexes drum in the dry season in repeated, short rapid bursts, at the rate of 14 to 38 strikes per second.
Status
C. pyrrhogaster has a very wide range and is a generally common or fairly common species that appears to be increasing in population size, benefiting from the fact that a few large trees are often left standing when forest is cleared. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
fire-bellied woodpecker
Birds of West Africa
fire-bellied woodpecker
fire-bellied woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Union for Democracy and Social Progress (, UDPS-Amana) is a centrist political party in Niger. With its support base in the Tuareg people of northern Niger, the party's history is tied up with that of the Tuareg rights movements which surrounded the Tuareg insurgencies of 1990–95 and 2007–09. Its slogan, "Amana", is a Hausa language word for "Trust"
History
The party was founded in 1990 by Rhissa Ag Boula, with Mohamed Abdoullahi becoming party president in 1992. In the 1993 parliamentary elections it received only 463 votes, but won a single seat in the National Assembly. Following Mahamane Ousmane's victory in subsequent the presidential elections the party joined the ruling Alliance of the Forces of Change, with the UDPS' Ben Wahab Aïchatou became Niger's first female minister when she was appointed Minister of Traditional Commerce and Arts.
In the 1995 parliamentary elections the party won two seats after receiving 3% of the vote, and supported the National Movement for the Development of Society-led government of Hama Amadou. In 1996 Akoli Daouel became party president and the party won three seats in the early elections that year, after which it supported the ruling party of General Ibrahim Baré Maïnassara until 1997. The 1999 elections saw the party lose its parliamentary representation. It did not participate in the 2004 elections. Rhissa Ag Boula became party president in 2005, serving until 2008.
Although the party returned to contest the 2009 elections, they again failed to win a seat. They did not participate in the 2011 elections. The 2016 elections saw the party run, but remain seatless after receiving only 0.1% of the vote.
References
Political parties in Niger
1990 establishments in Niger
Political parties established in 1990
Hadrianotherae or Hadrianutherae or Hadrianoutherai () was a town of ancient Mysia, on the road from Ergasteria to Miletopolis. It was built by the emperor Hadrian to commemorate a successful hunt which he had had in the neighbourhood. Coins from this town issued during the reign of Hadrian onwards are preserved. It seems to have been a place of some note; for it was the see of a bishop, and on its coins a senate is mentioned. No longer a residential see, it remains a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church.
Its site is located near Balıkesir in Asiatic Turkey.
References
Populated places in ancient Mysia
Former populated places in Turkey
Catholic titular sees in Asia
History of Balıkesir Province
Hadrian
Populated places established in the 2nd century
Roman towns and cities in Turkey
Venus Weeping for Adonis is a c.1625 oil on canvas painting by the French painter Nicolas Poussin. Painted after his relocation to Italy it is now part of the collection of the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Caen.
The painting depicts the goddess Venus mourning the death of her mortal lover Adonis after he was gored by a boar whilst hunting. She is pouring nectar onto his wounds after which a scarlet anemone flower would spring up from his blood to his permanent memory. The nearby chariot is reminiscent of Pluto, representing a symbol of death. The two doves perched thereon are attributes of Venus.
The story of Venus and Adonis, as narrated in Ovid's Metamorphoses, was a popular subject in Baroque times as an allegory for death and rebirth and had parallels with the Christian belief in Christ's resurrection. In the painting Adonis' posture is reminiscent of the crucified Christ and Venus' actions akin to those of Saint Mary.
The work found its way into the French royal collection before being sent to Caen.
References
1630 paintings
Mythological paintings by Nicolas Poussin
Paintings based on Metamorphoses
Paintings of Venus
Gilbert "Pee Wee" Holmes was a Canadian actor and stunt performer known for his short stature. He appeared in more than 70 Hollywood films between 1920 and 1934, and often co-starred in Tom Mix comedy Westerns.
Biography
Gilbert was born in Saskatchewan, Canada, and raised in Miles City, Montana. Before he became an actor, he competed in rodeos around the United States. In the early 1920s, he began appearing in Hollywood westerns. During that decade, he and Ben Corbett produced and starred in a series of comedy shorts that ran before Universal's feature-length Westerns. He died on August 17, 1936, in Los Angeles, California.
Partial filmography
Ruth of the Rockies (1920)
The Buster (1923)
The Man Who Won (1923)
The Mask of Lopez (1924)
Ladies to Board (1924)
The Tenth Woman (1924)
Code of the West (1925)
Chip of the Flying U (1926)
The Phantom Bullet (1926)
Hard Fists (1927)
The Border Cavalier (1927)
One Glorious Scrap (1927)
Galloping Fury (1927)
The Fearless Rider (1928)
Put 'Em Up (1928)
Thunder Riders (1928)
Trail Riders (1928)
The Arizona Cyclone (1928)
Quick Triggers (1928)
Beggars of Life (1928)
The Cloud Dodger (1928)
Burning the Wind (1928)
The Sky Skidder (1929)
Sunset Pass (1929)
Sagebrush Politics (1929)
The Mounted Stranger (1930)
Mountain Justice (1930)
Trigger Tricks (1930)
In Old Cheyenne (1931)
Lightnin' Smith Returns (1931)
Desert Vengeance (1931)
The Man from Hell's Edges (1932)
Law of the North (1932)
Hidden Gold (1932)
The Fighting Champ (1932)
Flaming Guns (1932)
Robbers' Roost (1932)
The Border Sheriff (1926)
The Rustler's Roundup (1933)
Western Racketeers (1934)
References
External links
1895 births
1936 deaths
Male actors from Montana
Male actors from Saskatchewan
Canadian male silent film actors
Canadian stunt performers
Canadian expatriate male actors in the United States
Male Western (genre) film actors
Mark "Frosty" Winterbottom (born 20 May 1981) is an Australian professional racing driver. He currently competes in the Repco Supercars Championship, driving the No. 18 Holden ZB Commodore for Team 18. His career highlights include winning the 2013 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 (with Steven Richards), twice winning the Sandown 500 (2006 and 2015) and receiving the Mike Kable Young Gun Award in 2003. Winterbottom has also won his maiden championship title in the 2015 International V8 Supercars Championship, making it the first title for Ford in five years.
Early career
Beginnings
Made his motorsport debut racing motorbikes, racing in club level 50 cc events, progressing to the 80 cc class and competing in fields that included riders Anthony Gobert and Chad Reed. Winterbottom raced whenever he could between his soccer commitments. Raced a dirt Mini-Speedcar and won the NSW and ACT State Championships.
Karting
Competed in his first kart race in the Cadet class at Wollongong (NSW) and would continue racing karts successfully to the age of 21. Winterbottom won ten Australian Kart Championships and 25 state Kart Championships during his rise through Australia's karting ranks. Winterbottom's national titles were six Clubman Light titles, three Junior National Lights titles and one Junior Clubman title.
In 1998, Winterbottom visited America on a family holiday and heard about a major karting event taking place close by – so a last-minute decision was made to rent a kart locally and compete. Winterbottom then won the Knoxville State Championship title race. In 1999 he competed in Japan at the Suzuka Champions Kart race on invitation.
In 2001 Winterbottom was crowned as Australian Formula A Kart Champion (Rotax 125cc Class).
Formula Ford
In 2001, Winterbottom made his Formula Ford debut in the Victorian Formula Ford Championship. Winterbottom raced to runner-up honours after winning four races out of six rounds, missing one round due to karting commitments. He won the Ford Kart Stars Scholarship Championship, gaining a Ford-supported drive in the 2002 Australian Formula Ford Championship.
He finished second in the 2002 Australian Formula Ford Championship with two round victories, five race wins and two pole positions. The championship was won by Winterbottom's future V8 Supercars rival Jamie Whincup. He was presented with 2002 Avon Formula Ford Rookie of the Year Award.
Touring car career
Development Series
In 2003, Winterbottom became the Konica V8 Supercar Series champion in his debut season. Winterbottom raced with Ford team Stone Brothers Racing (SBR) to five round victories and six pole positions in an almost perfect season. Two of Winterbottom's race victories were gained from rear-of-field reverse grid starts. He missed out on making a clean sweep of the series due to an engine failure in the fifth round at Phillip Island.
He also debuted in the V8 Supercars Championship at the Sandown 500 and Bathurst 1000 with SBR, sharing a BA Falcon with Mark Noske. Winterbottom and Noske finished 11th at Sandown, before qualifying 16th at the 2003 Bathurst 1000 and then retiring at three-quarter distance whilst running in third with engine problems.
He was the recipient of the Mike Kable Young Gun Award.
Larkham Motor Sport
Winterbottom joined Ford V8 Supercar team Larkham Motor Sport (LMS) and competed in the 2004 and 2005 V8 Supercar championships. Highlights of his debut season included a fifth-place finish at Bathurst and sixth-place result at Sandown in 2004. Winterbottom's best qualifying result was fifth at the Darwin round in 2005. The lowlight was at the V8 Supercars China Round in which Winterbottom avoided injury after a loose drain cover penetrated the chassis floor and damaged the driver's seat.
Ford Performance Racing
2006
Winterbottom joined Ford Performance Racing (FPR) as driver of the number 5 Ford Credit Falcon for the 2006 and 2007 V8 Supercar championship seasons. This appointment continued Winterbottom's career-long involvement with Ford Australia from the karting ranks all the way to a lead role with Ford's major V8 Supercars team.
He claimed his first V8 Supercars round victory co-driving with Jason Bright at the 2006 Betta Electrical 500 and gained second place overall round finishes at Pukekohe and Surfers Paradise. By the midpoint of the season, Winterbottom had climbed from 22nd to third in the championship standings and added two further podium finishes with a third at Symmons Plains Raceway and second at Phillip Island. Phillip Island also saw Winterbottom achieve his first V8 Supercars sprint race victory. With nine top ten finishes for the season, Winterbottom had secured third place in the Drivers' Championship in just his third season of main V8 Supercar Series competition.
2007
Winterbottom achieved 5th in the championship, with the highlight being winning his first solo V8 Supercars round at the Desert 400 in Bahrain, preserving FPR's undefeated record at the international round. Winterbottom also gained four pole positions, including his first at Pukekohe Park, which was followed by poles at the Sandown 500, Bathurst 1000 and at the Desert 400. These four poles allowed him to claim the 2007 V8 Supercars Pole Award. Winterbottom went off late in the race whilst leading the 2007 Bathurst 1000. FPR secured Winterbottom as the driver of the number 5 FPR Falcon for a further three years.
2008
Winterbottom's highlight of 2008 was a dominant round victory at the BigPond 400 at Wanneroo's Barbagallo Raceway in Perth, Western Australia. Winterbottom achieved pole position and wins in all three races. Winterbottom also won the 2008 City of Ipswich 400 at Queensland Raceway. With further good results at Adelaide, Eastern Creek, Surfers Paradise and Symmons Plains, he placed second in the championship, just behind his former Formula Ford rival Whincup.
2009
Winterbottom experienced a challenging season, finishing in fifth position in the championship, eight places ahead of team-mate Steven Richards. His highlights included an event win at the Gold Coast 600 and pole positions for Race 3 of the championship at the Hamilton 400 in New Zealand, and race 5 at Winton Motor Raceway. On both occasions, he had troublesome races which resulted in little or no points for the championship. In race 6 at Winton, Winterbottom recovered from the difficulties of race 5 to finish in second position. He also won a race at the V8 Supercars Challenge non-championship round at the Australian Grand Prix.
2010
In 2010, Winterbottom was a distant yet mathematical chance of winning the championship title heading into the final round, the Sydney 500. However a crash, which ironically also involved fellow contenders Whincup and James Courtney, in wet conditions in the Saturday race ruled Winterbottom out of the title race.
2011
In 2011, Winterbottom finished a distant third to the Triple Eight Race Engineering cars. He scored two wins, at the Gold Coast 600 with international co-driver Richard Lyons and in the final race of the year at the Sydney 500.
2012
Winterbottom finished the season in third position, with three race wins in the middle of the season. Before the final round of the championship, the Sydney 500 on the Homebush Street Circuit, Winterbottom was in second, but fell behind Craig Lowndes to finish third. Winterbottom also claimed the coveted Barry Sheene Medal for the best and fairest driver in the series.
2013
In 2013, Winterbottom won the Bathurst 1000 alongside ex-teammate Steven Richards on 13 October. However, due to a poor start to the championship, Winterbottom was only able to finish fourth in the championship, with three race wins. Teammate Will Davison finished narrowly ahead in third, aiding FPR's rise in the Teams' Championship to finish second for the first time.
2014
In 2014 Winterbottom started the season very well, leading the championship by 161 points after the 2014 Skycity Triple Crown in June. Despite high hopes of claiming his first title, Winterbottom's campaign ultimately crumbled against the Triple Eight juggernauts. He did not win another race after the Darwin round. At the 2014 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000, Winterbottom was a chance of going back-to-back late in the race, until an incident with an attacking Craig Lowndes resulted in him dropping back, and eventually recovering to take a fifth-place finish. As in 2012, going into the final round in Sydney, Winterbottom was second with Whincup in first and out of reach. However, Shane van Gisbergen won the Sunday race to demote Winterbottom to third in the standings.
Prodrive Racing Australia
2015
In 2015, Prodrive Racing Australia (the new name for Ford Performance Racing, due to reduced support from Ford) debuted the Ford FG X Falcon, and it brought considerable success almost immediately, with Winterbottom taking four wins out of four races at the non-championship V8 Supercars Challenge event at the Australian Grand Prix. Winterbottom then achieved eight race wins in the middle part of the championship year, including a clean-sweep of the 2015 Castrol Edge Townsville 400. This resulted in Winterbottom taking a large championship lead into the endurance races. Driving with Steve Owen, Winterbottom then went on to increase his lead with his ninth win of the year at the 2015 Wilson Security Sandown 500, before finishing second at the 2015 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000. Despite not winning a race after Sandown, Winterbottom held on to secure his first championship title in a showdown against Craig Lowndes at the final round, the Sydney 500.
2016
Winterbottom had a slow start to his championship defence, not achieving a podium finish until the fifth race of the season at Symmons Plains. Winterbottom's first victory of the year was at the Perth SuperSprint, where on older tyres he held off Scott McLaughlin by under half a second. Two podiums at Winton gave Winterbottom the championship lead, before a poor event in Darwin dropped him back in the standings. Solid results at Townsville and Queensland Raceway followed, leaving Winterbottom third in the championship standings before the winter break. However, a decline in pace in the second half of the season left Winterbottom to finish sixth in the championship, with only one further race victory, at the Auckland SuperSprint.
2017
2017 saw Winterbottom complete a winless year for the first time since moving to Ford Performance Racing in 2006. Highlights included podiums at the Phillip Island 500, Townsville 400 and Auckland SuperSprint, while the lowlight was crashing out of the Bathurst 1000 on the penultimate lap while battling for fifth place. Winterbottom secured sixth in the championship for the second consecutive year, albeit only after Craig Lowndes' late retirement at the season-ending Newcastle 500.
Tickford Racing
2018
In 2018, Prodrive Racing Australia was again renamed, to Tickford Racing, and Winterbottom began the year with a top five Saturday result at the Adelaide 500 before a pit lane penalty dropped him down the field in the Sunday race. His fortunes did not improve, with Tickford Racing enduring a difficult start to the season until Winterbottom scored both his and Tickford Racing's first race podium of the year at the fifth event at Barbagallo. It was confirmed on 1 November that Winterbottom would leave Tickford Racing at the end of the 2018 season, after 13 years with the team. Despite a difficult final season with the team, in which he finished only 12th in the championship, Winterbottom left the team with a record of 412 race starts, 38 wins, 35 poles and 117 podiums.
Team 18
Winterbottom announced ahead of the 2018 Newcastle 500 that he would be moving to Team 18 in 2019, the first time he will have driven a Holden in his career.
Stock Car Brasil
In 2014 and 2015, Winterbottom appeared in the season-opening two-driver round of the Stock Car Brasil championship, for Voxx Racing. In 2014, he drove alongside Sérgio Jimenez to fourth at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace whilst in 2015 he finished second with Marcos Gomes at the Autódromo Internacional Ayrton Senna. Just like Winterbottom, Gomes went on to win his respective championship title in 2015. Winterbottom returned to Brazil in 2018, finishing eleventh at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace driving with Átila Abreu, despite starting from the rear of the grid.
Personal life
Winterbottom is the son of the 1969 and 1974 Australian Sprintcar Champion and former chairman of the Sprintcar Control Council of Australia, Jim Winterbottom. Educated at Doonside Technology High School, Winterbottom took up the sport of Soccer from the age of six, and by eleven was competing with a state level team, (Blacktown United) in matches across New South Wales. He made the decision to give up soccer to pursue his motor racing ambitions at the age of eleven.
Winterbottom was used as the voice of the character 'Frosty' in the Australian Release of the 2011 Pixar film Cars 2. He also appeared as a contestant on Season 3 of the Seven Network's celebrity series Australia's Greatest Athlete in 2011.
Career results
Supercars Championship results
Complete Bathurst 1000 results
Complete Bathurst 12 Hour results
Complete Stock Car Brasil results
References
External links
Personal website
Ford Performance Racing website
Driver Database profile
Racing Reference profile
1981 births
Formula Ford drivers
Living people
Racing drivers from Sydney
Sportsmen from New South Wales
Supercars Championship drivers
Bathurst 1000 winners
Stock Car Brasil drivers
BMW M drivers
Stone Brothers Racing drivers
If This Is All We're Going to Be is the third studio album by Australian rock band Luca Brasi, released on 29 April 2016 by Poison City Records. It was produced by Jimmy Balderston and recorded at Red Planet in Hobart between November 2015 and April 2016.
Background and promotion
If This Is All We're Going to Be was written over the couple of years between their last release. Their first single "Aeroplane" was released in November 2015 as a limited promo-single, it was later released digitally. The band released their second single "The Cascade Blues" on 9 February 2016. The band released their third single "Count Me Out" on 30 December containing guest vocals from Georgia Macdonald of Camp Cope.
The album was released to Luca Brasi's BandCamp on 29 April where all proceeds were donated to Minus18, Australia's largest youth-led network for the LGBT community.
Critical reception
The album received positive reviews from sources. AAA Backstage praised the album saying, "The new progression is pleasant, refreshing, and shows that the Luca Brasi train is not close to slowing down." The AU Review gave the album a positive review and said it was "another fitting chapter in what's becoming a fascinating and brilliant musical career." Alex Sievers from KillYourStereo rated the album 80/100 and said: "Despite their repetitive sound, Luca Brasi is living and breathing proof that bands from Tasmania can outshine those from the glorious mainland." The Brag gave the album a positive review and said: "Luca Brasi have come through with one of the better Australian punk albums of the year." In a positive review, Spotlight Report wrote, "Luca Brasi have clearly worked hard from their first two albums to settle into themselves, yet still push their abilities as musicians." The track "Anything Near Conviction" was voted into the Triple J Hottest 100, 2016, at No. 90.
Track listing
Track listing adapted from AllMusic.
Personnel
Luca Brasi
Tyler Richardson – lead vocals, bass
Thomas Busby – lead guitar, backing vocals
Patrick Marshall – rhythm guitar, vocals
Danny Flood – drums
Additional musicians
Georgia Macdonald – guest vocals on track 10
Tom Lanyon - guest vocals on track 7
Production
Jimmy Balderston – producer
Brian McTernan – mixing
Charts
Release history
References
2016 albums
Luca Brasi (band) albums
Károly Leiningen-Westerburg (; 11 April 1819, Ilbenstadt (today part of Niddatal, Germany) – 6 October 1849, Arad) was a German honvéd general in the Hungarian Army, and a member of the German House of Leiningen. He was executed for his part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
Early life
Count Karl August was born into an old noble family in which several members pursued military careers, including his brothers Johann Ludwig (1807–1864), Viktor August (1821-1880), and Georg August (1815–1850), with the Imperial army. His father, Friedrich, Count zu Leiningen-Westerburg (1761–1839), inherited the county of Altleiningen, but had divorced his first wife, Charlotte von Zech und Rautenburg (1777–1841), in 1798 after six years of childless marriage. By the time Count Friedrich remarried Eleonore Maria Magdalena Breitwieser (1781-1841) in 1813 (initially morganatically, whereupon she became created Frau von Brettwitz) he already had several children by her, legitimised by their parents' marriage. Karl, being born after the wedding, was legitimate from birth.
Life and Martyrdom
Count Károly married rich Hungarian noblewoman Erzsébet Sissányi de Törökbecse (1827–1898) in 1844, thereby becoming proprietor of the large Hungarian estate of Törökbecse. In the autumn of 1848, the Temesvár regiment was mobilized, and Károly volunteered for the campaign waged against the Serbs. By December 1848 he had become a major, was promoted to lieutenant colonel in March 1849, and to colonel in April. He acquired more renown during the spring campaign and was promoted to the rank of general on July 1. Discharged on July 2, along with Louis Benedict Szőny, he joined the Hungarian uprising.
Before the final defeat, he successfully repulsed a number of attacks. He was captured and sentenced to death by hanging. His last recorded words were: "I have only just learned the tidings blared by the newspapers...I have no documents with which to refute any incident, but I have faith that at the last God's skies will open before all -- and when I come before the throne of God's eternal judgment -- these allegations of me shall be solemnly denounced as low slander." His death by hanging was carried out along with the rest of the partisans.
Family
His wife bore him two children:
Elisabeth "Liza" Victoria Constanze Friederike Eleonore of Leiningen-Westerburg-Altleiningen (1844–1913), who became the wife of the British general William Barwell-Barwell, and from whom Lilien († 1894), Henriette and her child Richard were born.
Armin Casimir Hermann of Leiningen-Westerburg-Altleiningen (July 11, 1848 – December 1900), who served in the Royal Hungarian army, but due to health issues retired at the rank of captain. After that, he took a position in Titel, Ministerial Commissioner for the Tisza-Danube Belvizszabályozó Society. He published his father's diary and correspondence. His body was moved to its final resting place in 1903 in Titel.
Károly's widow Erzsébet remarried in 1854 and with her second husband, Count József Bethlen de Bethlen (1824-1896), bore four more children (István, Béla, Miklós, Anna).
In 1911 a statue to Károly's heroism and martyrdom was erected in Törökbecse.
In 1999 a bilingual memorial tablet was erected at his birthplace in the monastery/castle in Niddatal-Ilbenstadt by the Association of Hungarian Organizations in Germany (Bund Ungarischer Organisationen in Deutschland e.V. - BUOD).
References
1819 births
1849 deaths
19th-century Hungarian people
19th-century German people
Hungarian people of German descent
Counts of Germany
Karoly
People from Wetteraukreis
Executed people from Hesse
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
The 2019–20 season was River Plate's 9th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club competed in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Libertadores.
The season covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Zacarías Morán agreed a loan move to Chacarita Juniors on 18 June 2019. Maximiliano Velazco's loan with Defensores de Belgrano, which was set to expire on 30 June, was extended on 20 June. Camilo Mayada headed to Mexico with Atlético San Luis on 22 June. River Plate toured the United States for pre-season, with the first match being played on 27 June against Ventura County Fusion at the Wallis Annenberg Stadium in Los Angeles as they ran out 5–0 winners; with Lucas Beltrán netting twice. On that same day, Héctor Martínez departed on loan to Defensa y Justicia. Their second friendly took place on 28 June, as they scored five again after defeating Guadalajara of Liga MX in game one of the Colossus Cup. 29 June saw Alexander Barboza go to Independiente.
Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. River met Ventura County Fushion of USL League Two for a secondary match-up on 4 July, with Jorge Carrascal scoring four times in a 7–0 victory. Luciano Lollo was loaned to Banfield on 6 July. On matchday two of the Colossus Cup, River beat another Mexican team in América with goals from Julián Álvarez and Cristian Ferreira.
July
Gimnasia y Esgrima (M) were defeated in the Copa Argentina R32 on 16 July, though it took a 4–5 penalty shoot-out win to do so. Carlos Auzqui went off on loan to Lanús on 17 July. On 23 July, River Plate met Brazilian club Cruzeiro in the first leg of a Copa Libertadores round of sixteen encounters, as the two played out a goalless draw at the Estadio Monumental Antonio Vespucio Liberti. River travelled to Argentinos Juniors in game one of the 2019–20 Primera División, subsequently coming away with a point. On 30 July, after they again drew 0–0 with Cruzeiro in the Copa Libertadores, River Plate advanced to the next round following a 2–4 penalty shoot-out.
August
On 1 August, Joaquín Arzura headed out on loan to Huracán. Hours later, River announced their first signing of the new campaign as Paulo Díaz arrived from Al-Ahli of the Saudi Professional League. River built upon their point on the opening day in the Primera División over Argentinos Juniors with a 3–0 win versus Lanús on 4 August on home soil. Alan Marcel Picazzo joined Villa Dálmine on loan on 8 August. River beat All Boys 7–0 and 5–1 in friendlies on 9 August, with Matías Suárez netting a hat-trick in the former while Ignacio Scocco scored a brace in the latter. 10 August saw Santiago Vera leave River Plate, as the midfielder agreed terms on a move to Paraguayan Primera División outfit Olimpia. Colo-Colo revealed the loan signing of Iván Rossi on 13 August.
River, for the first time since 1962, put six goals past reigning champions Racing Club away from home in the league on 17 August. River Plate defeated Cerro Porteño in the first leg of a Copa Libertadores quarter-final on 22 August, winning 2–0 after Ignacio Fernández and Rafael Santos Borré netted spot-kicks. River's first league loss came three days later, as Talleres won at the Estadio Monumental Antonio Vespucio Liberti for the first time in twenty-nine years. On 29 August, River progressed to the Copa Libertadores semi-finals after beating Paraguayan side Cerro Porteño 3–1 on aggregate, having drawn 1–1 in the second leg in Asunción.
September
River opened September with a Superclásico at home to Boca Juniors, which ended drawn after no goals were scored.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
In June 2019, River Plate were announced as one of four clubs, alongside Guadalajara, América and Boca Juniors, that would take part in the inaugural Colossus Cup in the United States. They were scheduled to face the Liga MX duo at the SDCCU Stadium in San Diego on 28 June and at CenturyLink Field in Seattle on 6 July. A day before facing Guadalajara, the club took on USL League Two side Ventura County Fusion in a friendly match. They met the American outfit again on 4 July.
Mid-season
River Plate and All Boys (Primera B Nacional) scheduled a friendly with each other for 9 August, in Ezeiza at River Camp.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
River Plate would meet Primera B Nacional side Gimnasia y Esgrima (M) on 16 July 2019, a match that would take place at the Estadio Único in Villa Mercedes.
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Libertadores
River Plate were drawn with Brazil's Cruzeiro in the Copa Libertadores round of sixteen in May 2019, with the ties set for the succeeding July. Their subsequent win meant they'd play Cerro Porteño, fresh from knocking out San Lorenzo, in the quarter-finals. Local rivals Boca Juniors would await in the semi-finals, in what was a rematch of the 2018 finals.
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 2 September 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Club Atlético River Plate seasons
River Plate
Kerry v. Din, 576 U.S. 86 (2015), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court analyzed whether there is a constitutional right to live in the United States with one's spouse and whether procedural due process requires consular officials to give notice of reasons for denying a visa application. In Justice Anthony Kennedy's concurring opinion, the controlling opinion in this case, he wrote that notice requirements “[do] not apply when, as in this case, a visa application is denied due to terrorism or national security concerns.” Because the consular officials satisfied notice requirements, there was no need for the Court to address the constitutional question about the right to live with one's spouse.
Writing for a plurality of the court, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that there is no constitutional right to live with one's spouse, and because Din was not denied “life, liberty, or property,” she was not entitled to due process. Justice Stephen Breyer wrote a dissenting opinion in which he argued that Din was denied liberty without due process of law, and that there is a fundamental right for spouses to “live together and to raise a family,” which enjoys basic due process protections. In the weeks following the announcement of the Court's decision, some analysts suggested the Justices' opinions in Kerry v. Din would foreshadow the outcome in Obergefell v. Hodges.
Background
Immigration and Nationality Act visa requirements
The Immigration and Nationality Act prohibits non-citizens from entering the United States without a visa. The Act allows individuals classified as "immediate relatives" of those living in the United States to apply for a visa at a United States Embassy or consular office. However, non-citizen "immediate relatives" are ineligible for admission into the United States if they provide "material support to a terrorist organization" or serve "as a terrorist organization's representative."
Kanishka Berashk's visa application
Fauzia Din arrived to the United States from Afghanistan as a refugee in the year 2000, and she became a naturalized citizen in 2007. In 2006, she married Kanishka Berashk, who was a former civil servant in Afghanistan during the Taliban regime. Din filed paperwork to classify Berashk as an "immediate relative," and Berashk filed a visa application to gain entry to the United States. The United States Embassy in Islamabad, Pakistan reviewed Berashk's application and conducted an interview but ultimately denied his visa application. A consular official informed Berashk he was ineligible for entry under the portion of the Immigration and Nationality Act that precludes admission for individuals with connections to terrorist organizations, but the official provided no further explanation for this determination.
Initial legal challenges
Because Berashk was an unadmitted, non-resident alien, he had no right of entry into the United States and could not challenge his denial of his visa application. Consequently, Din filed suit in United States District Court, where she claimed the government denied her due process of law by depriving her of her "constitutional right to live in the United States with her spouse" and for denying her husband's visa application without adequate explanation. The District Court rejected Din's claims, but the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed, concluding that Din had "a protected liberty interest in marriage that entitled [her] to review of the denial of [her] spouse's visa." The United States appealed, and the Supreme Court granted certiorari on October 2, 2014.
Judgment of the Court
In his plurality opinion, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that there is no constitutional right to live in the United States with one's spouse. He argued that under the Fifth Amendment's due process clause, citizens are only entitled to redress if they are denied "life, liberty, or property." Because visa applications have not historically been understood as "life, liberty, or property," the denial of a visa application does not implicate Fifth Amendment due process protections. Additionally, Justice Scalia rejected the argument that the denial of the visa application implicated a fundamental liberty interest. Although Justice Scalia conceded that Loving v. Virginia and its progeny “invok[e] a fundamental right to marriage,” the parties “implicitly concede that no such right has been infringed in this case.”
Justice Kennedy's concurring opinion
In Justice Anthony Kennedy's opinion concurring in the judgment, he argued that the Court need not rule upon whether Din has a right to live with her spouse. Even if the Court assumed that Din did have a fundamental liberty interest in living with her spouse, "the notice she received regarding her husband's visa denial satisfied due process." Justice Kennedy concluded that notice requirements “[do] not apply when, as in this case, a visa application is denied due to terrorism or national security concerns.”
Justice Breyer's dissenting opinion
Justice Stephen Breyer wrote a dissent in which he argued that consular officials had denied Din due process by preventing her from living with her husband. He wrote that the Supreme Court "has long recognized, the institution of marriage, which encompasses the right of spouses to live together and to raise a family, is central to human life, requires and enjoys community support, and plays a central role in most individuals' 'orderly pursuit of happiness.'" Additionally, Justice Breyer argued that the notice provided to Berashk was inadequate, and was the equivalent of "telling a criminal defendant only that he is accused of 'breaking the law.'"
Commentary and analysis
Reaction to the Court's decision
In the weeks following the Court's decision, some analysts criticized the Court's ruling for focusing too much attention on "social norms" and not enough attention on the realities of the immigrant experience. The Los Angeles Times' editorial board criticized the Court for allowing consular officials to deny a visa "simply by asserting a vague connection to terrorism." Others noted that the lack of a majority opinion meant that the case would likely have little precedential value in the future. Because Justice Kennedy was the only Justice to not author a majority opinion from the February sitting, some commentators believed that he was initially assigned the role of writing an opinion for the majority of the Court, but three justices defected sometime after the assignment was made. In June 2015, Nina Totenberg reported that Din was in the process of submitting further character evidence about her husband to the State Department so that officials can re-evaluate Berashk's visa application.
Speculation about Obergefell v. Hodges
In light of the case's extensive discussion about fundamental rights associated with marriage, analysts suggested the Justices' views in Kerry v. Din would foreshadow the outcome of Court's upcoming decision in Obergefell v. Hodges. Some commentators even described the opinion as a "proxy war" for the debate in Obergefell. Other commentators opined that Justice Kennedy's narrow concurrence in Kerry v. Din was evidence he would ultimately write the majority opinion in Obergefell. When the Court ultimately released its decision in Obergefell, Justice Kennedy was the author of the majority's opinion, while Chief Justice Roberts, Justice Alito, Justice Scalia, and Justice Thomas all wrote dissenting opinions.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 576
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution
Loving v. Virginia (1967)
Notes
References
External links
2015 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
The 2011 Central Oklahoma Bronchos football team represented the University of Central Oklahoma in the 2011 college football season, the 106th season of Broncho football. The team was led by fourth year head coach Tracy Holland. They played their home games at Wantland Stadium in Edmond, Oklahoma. The Bronchos were playing this season as an Independent because they were changing conference membership from the Lone Star Conference to the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.
The season began play began with loss to North Alabama on the road on September 1, and ended with loss at home to Lindenwood on November 12. The Bronchos finished the season 2-9. After the season, the Bronchos fired head coach Tracy Holland.
Schedule
References
Central Oklahoma
Central Oklahoma Bronchos football seasons
Central Oklahoma Bronchos football
Dark Star is the name of a cave system located in the Boysuntov Range in Uzbekistan, some from the capital Tashkent, near the village of Boysun.
It has seven entrances. The first cave entrances were discovered by Russians in 1984, but it was not until 1990 when British cavers began to explore it. It is named after the 1974 film of the same name. As of March 2017, it has been explored by eight different expeditions, with over of passageways discovered, with an estimated depth of over .
Nearby is another cave system, Festivalnaya; it is suspected the two are connected.
References
Caves of Uzbekistan
Geography of Uzbekistan
Erukkalampiddy or Erukkalampiddi (; ) is a small coastal town on the eastern coast of Mannar Island in Mannar District, northern Province Sri Lanka. It lies along the A14 road northwest of Mannar. It contains a maternity home, a post office and a fish market. It contains several Muslim landmarks such as Erukkalampiddy Kattubawa Jumma Masjid,Erukkalampiddy Mohideen Jumma Masjid, Erukklampiddy Central College and Erukkalampiddy Muslim Mahalir Maha Vidyalayam is a first ladies government Muslim School in Northern Province. The principal language is Tamil.
References
External links
Official site
Populated places in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
The 1830 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 9, 1830.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Benjamin Pierce did not stand for re-election.
Democratic nominee Matthew Harvey defeated National Republican nominee Timothy Upham with 54.70% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Matthew Harvey, Democratic, former President of the New Hampshire Senate
Timothy Upham, National Republican, member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, former Collector of Customs at Portsmouth
Results
References
Notes
1830
New Hampshire
Gubernatorial
Selimiye, Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Lord Uxbridge's leg was shattered, probably by a piece of case shot, at the Battle of Waterloo and removed by a surgeon. The amputated right limb became a tourist attraction in the village of Waterloo, Belgium, where it had been removed and interred.
Waterloo
Henry Paget, 2nd Earl of Uxbridge, later the 1st Marquess of Anglesey, commanded 13,000 Allied cavalry and 44 guns of the horse artillery at the Battle of Waterloo, on 18 June 1815. At about 2:30 pm, at a critical stage in the battle, he led a charge of the 2,000 heavy cavalry of the Household Brigade and the Union Brigade to throw back the columns of D'Erlon's French I Corps, who were threatening to push back Picton's severely outnumbered 5th Division, with some 15,000 French infantry advancing on 3,000 British and Dutch-Belgian troops. The charge succeeded in sweeping the French infantry away in disorder, but Uxbridge was unable to rally his troops, who ran on in pursuit and were cut up by counter-attacking French cavalry. Uxbridge spent the rest of the battle leading a series of charges by British light cavalry formations, and had eight or nine horses shot from under him.
One of the last cannon shots fired that day hit his right leg, necessitating its amputation above the knee. According to an anecdote, he was close to the Duke of Wellington when his leg was hit, and exclaimed, "By God, sir, I've lost my leg!", to which Wellington replied "By God, sir, so you have!"
A more authentic version of this exchange may come from the diary of J. W. Croker, a friend of Wellington, written on 8 December
1818, in which he recounts a conversation with Horace Seymour, the man who carried the wounded Uxbridge from the battlefield. Seymour recalled that when Uxbridge was hit he cried out "I have got it at last," to which the Duke of Wellington replied "No? Have you, by God?"
Amputation
After being wounded, Lord Uxbridge was taken to his headquarters in the village of Waterloo, a house owned by M. Hyacinthe Joseph-Marie Paris, Maison Tremblant, who was still in his residence at 214, Chaussée de Bruxelles. There, his damaged leg was amputated at mid-thigh by Doctor John Hume, assisted by surgeons James Powell of the Ordnance Medical Department, and James Callander of the 7th Hussars.
Lord Uxbridge, true to his nature, remained stoical and composed. According to his aide-de-camp, Thomas Wildman, during the amputation Paget smiled and said, "I have had a pretty long run. I have been a beau these forty-seven years, and it would not be fair to cut the young men out any longer." According to another anecdote his only comment through the procedure was, "The knives appear somewhat blunt."
According to the account of Sir Hussey Vivian recorded by Henry Curling in 1847:
A further anecdote reports him saying "Who would not lose a leg for such a victory?" The saw used to amputate his leg is held by the National Army Museum.
Uxbridge was offered an annual pension of £1,200 in compensation for the loss of his leg, which he refused. Five days after the battle the Prince Regent created him Marquess of Anglesey and appointed him a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath.
Shrine
Paris asked if he might bury the leg in his garden, later turning the place into a kind of shrine, as for a relic. Visitors were first taken to see the bloody chair upon which Uxbridge had sat during the amputation, before being escorted into the garden, where the leg had its own 'tombstone', inscribed as follows:
Here lies the Leg of the illustrious and valiant Earl Uxbridge, Lieutenant-General of His Britannic Majesty, Commander in Chief of the English, Belgian and Dutch cavalry, wounded on the 18 June 1815 at the memorable battle of Waterloo, who, by his heroism, assisted in the triumph of the cause of mankind, gloriously decided by the resounding victory of the said day.
Some were impressed; others less so. According to an article headed "Marquis of Anglesey's Leg" in Notes and Queries, 1862, a wag wrote on the tombstone –
George Canning recorded his own impressions in verse. Some of these lines are also recorded in Notes and Queries, which says they "went the round of the papers at the time":
The leg attracted an amazing range of tourists from European society of the very top drawer, from the King of Prussia to the Prince of Orange. It was a nice earner for Monsieur Paris and his descendants, all the way down to 1878, when it was the occasion for a minor diplomatic incident. Uxbridge's son visited, to find the bones not buried, but on open display. On investigation by the Belgian ambassador in London, it was discovered that they had been exposed in a storm which uprooted the willow tree beside which they were buried. The ambassador demanded repatriation of the relics to England but the Paris family refused, instead offering to sell the bones to the Uxbridge family, who were enraged. At this point the Belgian Minister of Justice intervened, ordering the bones to be reburied. However, the bones were not reburied; they were kept hidden. In 1934, after the last Monsieur Paris died in Brussels, his widow found them in his study, along with documentation proving their provenance. Horrified by the thought of another scandal, she incinerated them in her central heating furnace.
Aftermath
Uxbridge's close family lost several limbs in the service of the United Kingdom during the Napoleonic Wars: his brother, Major-General Sir Edward Paget, lost his right arm in the crossing of the Douro during the Second Battle of Porto in 1809, and his daughter lost a hand tending her husband on a battlefield in Spain.
Uxbridge used an articulated above-knee artificial leg invented by James Potts of Chelsea, with hinged knee and ankle and raising toes which became known as the Anglesey leg, after his marquessate. One of the artificial legs designed by Potts and worn by the marquess is extant, preserved at Plas Newydd in Anglesey, as is a leg of the hussar trousers worn by the 1st Marquess at Waterloo. Others are in the Household Cavalry Museum and the Musée de l'Armée in Paris. The loss of his leg did not impede the Marquess of Anglesey's career. He rose to become a field marshal and Knight of the Garter, twice serving as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and twice as Master-General of the Ordnance.
The Belgian artist Constantinus Fidelio Coene (1780–1841) painted Imaginary Meeting of Sir Arthur Wellesley (1769–1852), Duke of Wellington and Sir Henry William Paget (1768–1854), 1st Marquess of Anglesey, after the Amputation of His Leg, which shows the Marquess with his bandaged stump. This oil painting of c.1820, measuring 83 x 140.5 cm, was given by the 7th Duke of Wellington to his godson the future 8th Marquess of Anglesey, who donated it to the National Trust in 1992; it is displayed in Plas Newydd.
In 1961, the 7th Marquess of Anglesey published a biography of his great-great-grandfather, entitled One-Leg: the life and letters of Henry William Paget, first Marquess of Anglesey.
See also
Daniel Sickles's leg
Notes and references
Further reading
Pollard, Justin. Barmy armies: tales of derring-do (and derring-don't) , The Independent, 9 October 2008. (See the section "How Lord Uxbridge's leg met a legendary end")
Schneider, John. The Tomb of Lord Uxbridge's Leg, Napoleonic Literature
Melaisis, Petros Hero Of The Moment: Lord Uxbridge (or rather, his leg) The Three Rs, 15 January 2009
Uxbridge
Leg
Monuments and memorials in Belgium
Burials in Walloon Brabant
Battle of Waterloo
Amputations
Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Grafton, (28 September 16639 October 1690) was an illegitimate son of King Charles II of England and his mistress Barbara Villiers. A military commander, Henry FitzRoy was appointed colonel of the Grenadier Guards in 1681 and Vice-Admiral of England from 1682 to 1689. He was killed in the storming of Cork during the Williamite–Jacobite War in 1690.
Early life and military career
Born to Barbara Villiers, Countess of Castlemaine in 1663, Henry FitzRoy was an illegitimate son of King Charles II of England, the second by Barbara Villiers. His mother was the daughter of William Villiers, 2nd Viscount Grandison, a colonel of one of King Charles I's regiments who was killed in action during the Civil War. On 1 August 1672, at the age of nine, marriage was arranged to the five-year-old Isabella, daughter and heiress of Henry Bennet, 1st Earl of Arlington. A wedding ceremony took place on 4 November 1679 witnessed and recorded by John Evelyn in his diary of that date describing him as " exceedingly handsome, by far surpassing any of the Kings other naturall Issue". At the time of his marriage, Henry FitzRoy was created Baron Sudbury, Viscount Ipswich, and Earl of Euston. In 1675, he was created Duke of Grafton, and Charles II made him a Knight of the Order of the Garter in 1680. He was appointed colonel of the Grenadier Guards in 1681.
FitzRoy was brought up as a sailor and saw military action at the siege of Luxembourg in 1684. In that year, he received a warrant to supersede Sir Robert Holmes as Governor of the Isle of Wight, when the latter was charged with making false musters. However, Holmes was acquitted by court-martial and retained the governorship. In 1686 he killed John Talbot, brother of the Earl of Shrewsbury, in a duel, Talbot having given Grafton some "unhandsome and provoking language". He was appointed Vice-Admiral of the Narrow Seas from 1685 to 1687. At King James II's coronation, Grafton was Lord High Constable. During the rebellion of the Duke of Monmouth he commanded the royal troops in Somerset. However, he later acted with John Churchill, and joined William of Orange to overthrow the King in the Glorious Revolution of 1688.
Death
FitzRoy died in Ireland in 1690 of a wound received at the storming of Cork while leading William's forces, aged 27. His body was returned to England for burial - with some internal organs removed and buried (in Ballintemple, Cork) to preserve his remains for transport.
In October 1697 his widow married Sir Thomas Hanmer, a young Flintshire baronet, who became Speaker of the House of Commons and an authority on the works of William Shakespeare. She died in 1723.
Legacy
The Duke of Grafton owned land in what was then countryside near Dublin, Ireland, which later became part of the city. A country lane on this land eventually developed into Grafton Street, one of Dublin's main streets. Grafton Alley in Cork, close to where he was shot, also bears his name.
Ancestry
See also
List of deserters from James II to William of Orange
Notes and references
|-
|-
1663 births
1690 deaths
17th-century English nobility
17th-century Royal Navy personnel
Military personnel from London
English people of French descent
101
Grenadier Guards officers
House of Stuart
Illegitimate children of Charles II of England
Knights of the Garter
Lord High Constables of England
Lord-Lieutenants of Suffolk
H
Williamite military personnel of the Williamite War in Ireland
Monmouth Rebellion
English military personnel killed in action
Peers of England created by Charles II
Younger sons of dukes
Gnathostomatidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Spirurida.
Genera:
Ancyracanthus Diesing, 1839
Cheiracanthus Diesing, 1839
Echinocephalus Molin, 1858
Gnathostoma Owen, 1836
Mooleptus Özdikmen, 2010
Spiroxys Schneider, 1866
Tanqua Blanchard, 1904
References
Nematodes
Gilsivan Soares da Silva (born 12 December 1984), commonly known as Ivan, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Santo André.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1984 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Grêmio Catanduvense de Futebol players
Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Jaú) players
Operário Ferroviário Esporte Clube players
Joinville Esporte Clube players
Paysandu Sport Club players
Goiás Esporte Clube players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Esporte Clube Santo André players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
The Lorne Pier to Pub is an annual, 1.2-km open water swimming race held in January at Lorne, a town located on the Great Ocean Road in Victoria, Australia. It began in 1981, when a member of the Lorne Surf Lifesaving Club, the Late Paul Lacey, had the idea to have a "fun" swim from the Lorne Pier through Louttit Bay and finish by body-surfing the waves onto the Lorne beach. The first swim was done by Paul and lifeguard Clyde Whitehand to test the course, the swimmers were greeted on the beach by an announcement by Sharkey and applause from beach goers, a small number compared to the thousands that greet the swimmers today. The first race took place a few weeks later following a surf carnival at Lorne. Competitors from the carnival and a number of Lorne locals dived and jumped off the pier and followed a course of buoys into the beach.
The race today consists of the same process. Swimmers times are recorded at the finish line, and published in the Herald Sun Newspaper the next morning. The race is completed on average in 22 minutes, but the quickest race time is 10 minutes, 30 seconds.
The race attracts up to 4,000 competitors, and in 1998, it entered the Guinness Book of Records, with 3071 swimmers, making it the world's largest open water swim. The race is organised by the Lorne Surf Life Saving Club with major partner Powercor. Proceeds from the race go to the Lorne Surf Life Saving Club.
In 2020, the Pier to Pub will celebrate its 40th Anniversary.
Mountain to Surf
The Mountain to Surf is an 8 km fun run starting in Lorne and continuing through the forest and then along the Great Ocean Road and finishing at the Lorne Surf Life Saving Club. It is held the day before the Pier to Pub.
Notable Previous winners
Olympic bronze medalist Rob Woodhouse won in 1986, 1989 and 1993.
Two-time Olympic gold medalist, world champion and former world-record holder in the 1,500-m freestyle Kieren Perkins won in 1992.
Four-time Olympic medalist Daniel Kowalski won in 1996 and 2007.
British Olympian Ellen Gandy won the women's event in 2012.
References
External links
Lorne Surf Lifesaving Club
1981 establishments in Australia
Sports competitions in Victoria (Australia)
Swimming competitions in Australia
Open water swimming competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1981
Didier Plaschy (born 2 May 1973) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1973 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade gold medalists for Switzerland
Competitors at the 1993 Winter Universiade
South Candler Street–Agnes Scott College Historic District is a historic district in Decatur, Georgia that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. It includes Agnes Scott College, also known as Decatur Female Seminary (1889) and as Agnes Scott Institute (1890-1906), and Little Decatur.
In 1994 it included 88 contributing buildings, two contributing structures, and a contributing object, as well as 19 non-contributing buildings and two non-contributing structures.
The oldest house in the district is the Italianate C. M. Candler House (1870s) at 158 South Candlers. Another old one is the George Washington Scott House (1883) at 312 South Candler Street which has a double gambrel roof and Queen Anne detailing.
The oldest building on the campus is Agnes Scott Hall (1891), known also simply as "Main," a three-story, brick building designed by local architects Bruce and Morgan.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Agnes Scott College
National Register of Historic Places in DeKalb County, Georgia
FC New Orleans was an American amateur soccer team based in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The academy team was a provisional member of the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL) in 2012. They also competed in the 2014 LSA Adult State Cup.
History
FC New Orleans was established in June 2010 to provide accessibility to quality soccer training for urban youth living in the Gentilly, Eastern New Orleans and St. Bernard Parish areas of the New Orleans Metro Area. It has since evolved into a club structure that includes beginner training for youths as young as 4 years old to adults in both recreational and Semi-Professional competitions.
On June 13, 2012, the NPSL accepted FC New Orleans as an expansion club for their 2012 season. However, the club was made a provisional member after registering past the league deadline for the 2012 season. FC New Orleans played one season and finished with a 2-0-1 record.
Stadium
FC New Orleans Field (2012)
Players and staff
Staff
Steven Morris – Youth Head Coach
Players
Record
Year-by-year
References
Soccer clubs in New Orleans
National Premier Soccer League teams
Association football clubs established in 2012
2012 establishments in Louisiana
Skiklubben Ull was a Norwegian Nordic skiing club based in Oslo. Founded in 1883, Skiklubben Ull attracted several skilled sportsmen who between 1883 and 1891 won six Ladies' Cups and one King's Cup in national skiing events. The sporting facilities belonging the club were located in Vestre Aker, with the ski jumping hill Ullbakken near Frognerseteren being opened in 1884. The prestigious Husebyrennet was staged there once. Members of SK Ull were later instrumental in moving this prestigious contest to the hill Holmenkollbakken.
Club members also held important positions in the general administration of skiing in Norway. The first Ull chairman Johan Bechholm was also the first secretary of the Association for the Promotion of Skiing; Karl Roll became the first chairman of the Norwegian Ski Federation, Hjalmar Krag became chairman in the Confederation of Sports and Fritz R. Huitfeldt was a pioneer in several respects.
The club was founded by students and its membership later drew from the upper social strata. During the first ten years of club history, forty-four of the sixty members admitted into the club belonged to one of four prestigious professions; physician, military officer, jurist or engineer. The club was furthermore exclusive, in that it only had 119 members during its first 100 years of existence. In 1893 the club raised its own cabin, thus grouping it together with other so-called "cabin ski clubs" such as Christiania SK. SK Ull eventually evolved from a skiing club to a social club in a skiing setting, using the old cabin for member meetings, which were also visited by the King of Norway.
The most active sporting period, 1883–1898
Skiklubben Ull was founded on 29 January 1883, and named after the Norse deity Ullr. In Norse mythology, Ullr was a god for hunting and competition, superior with his skis and his bow. SK Ull has been credited as being the second-oldest skiing club in the world, after Christiania SK. The club founders were a group of university students who socialized in apartments in Wessels gate. The young men usually conversed about their studies or played card games, but they were also hobby cross-country skiers, and decided to take up skiing in a more organized form by starting a club. The term describing a club member was ullaner.
The founding members were Thoralf Fabritius, Paul Lorck, Petter Dahl Thams, Andreas Bechholm, Johan Bechholm, Otto Dahl, Sigurd Gotaas and Michael Strøm Lie. New members were allowed every year until 1887, after which new members were usually admitted biannually, in 1889, 1891, 1893, 1895, 1896 and 1897. Notable members who joined the club shortly after the foundation include Fritz R. Huitfeldt, Henrik Florentz, Hans Grüner, Marius Grüner and Stefan Meidell. The first chairman was Johan Bechholm, followed by Sigurd Gotaas from 1885 and Fritz R. Huitfeldt from 1887 to 1891. The three honorary memberships proclaimed in the early period were Fritz R. Huitfeldt (1883), Hans Grüner (1884) and Axel Huitfeldt (1889).
The club saw sporting success on the national level (international competitions were few or none) in its first years. Johan Bechholm finished eleventh and won the Ladies' Cup in Husebyrennet of 1883. In 1884 Ingvald M. Smith-Kielland, Sr. won the Ladies' Cup and Richard Blichfeldt won the King's Cup. Vilhelm Nicolaysen finished fourth and won the Ladies' Cup in 1886, Karl Roll won the Ladies' Cup in 1889, Vilhelm Heiberg in 1890 and Otto Orre in 1891.
Ull maintained its own ski jumping hill, Ullbakken, near Frognerseteren in Vestre Aker. It was opened in 1884 with a festive ski jumping contest, attended by Prince Eugen of Norway and Sweden. Ullbakken was the site of Husebyrennet in 1890, when Kastellbakken was unusable. The dinner after this race was attended by Crown Prince Gustaf of Norway and Sweden. Karl Roll had an especially close relationship with the Swedish royal family, being a ski tutor for the princes while stationed in Stockholm between 1898 and 1904. After Norway abolished the personal union in 1905 and elected its own king, Roll immediately became an aide-de-camp for the new monarch.
The club also staged the members-only contest Ullrennet. In the invitation for Ullrennet and the subsequent banquet in 1897, the members were asked to take their place at the table "according to rank, estate, age, dignity and skiing profess". SK Ull also became the second in Norway to raise its own skiing cabin, "Ydale" at Voksenkollen in 1893. This was named after Ýdalir, the mythological dwelling of the deity Ullr. Some of Ull's rival clubs were Christiania SK, Skuld, Fram and Ondur. Christiania, Skuld and Fram owned skiing cabins similar to that of Ull—they were collectively referred to as "cabin skiing clubs".
Reportedly, it was SK Ull's forays into the district around Holmenkollen for sporting purposes that spurred the establishment of the new hill Holmenkollbakken in 1891. The knowledge of the area spurred Fritz R. Huitfeldt to pinpoint the location of the new hill, together with Hans Krag. This hill lay at a higher altitude than Kastellbakken, and thus had more favourable snow conditions. Holmenkollbakken quickly replaced Kastellbakken as the main hill in the district, and eventually became world-famous.
SK Ull also saw some sporting success in the 1890s, although the last Ladies' Cup was taken in 1891. The club was joined by top skiers like Tobias Bernhoft and Jørgen Berg. In the late 1890s, however, as many members reached higher ages, SK Ull became more of a gentlemen's social club than an active skiing club. This social club was exclusive by nature, with a clause in the by-laws that the membership could not surpass forty. Actually the club never had more than thirty members, which was the case in 1890, and rarely more than twenty. The members were drawn from the higher social strata of Norway's capital region. Forty-four of the sixty members admitted into the club up to the opening of Ydale belonged to one of four prestigious professions: physician, military officer, jurist or engineer.
1900–1945
After 1898, there was a pause in admitting new members. Four were admitted between 1906 and 1908, followed by only one in the 1915, three in 1924, and two in 1935. In 1940 the average member age was 69.
After finishing their active careers, some of Ull's members entered the ranks of sports officials and administrators. Most notable was Karl Roll, who became the first chairman of the Norwegian Ski Federation in 1908. Several members had already held positions in the older organization Association for the Promotion of Skiing, founded three weeks before Ull, in 1883. Johan Bechholm was its first secretary, from 1883 to 1886, and many others followed. Johan Sverre (member since 1896) was a notable Olympic administrator after the Norwegian independence in 1905, and Hjalmar Krag (member since 1887) became chairman in the Confederation of Sports. Fritz R. Huitfeldt also became a known figure in his field; for his ski bindings, and for pioneering Telemark skiing. Huitfeldt's ski factory, which he started together with Richard Blichfeldt, was named Ull.
During the first years of the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, Ull continued to host private parties. Later, however, the club's cabin Ydale was occupied by the Germans from December 1942 to March 1945. Ull instead used the Grand Hotel for its sixtieth anniversary in 1943 and the annual convention of 1944. Two new members were admitted during the war; Sverre Martens and Einar Poulsson.
After 1945
At the war's end in 1945, Ull only had fourteen members. Its average member age was lowered to 65 years after the admission of five new members in 1946 and 1947. The post-war period also saw the admission to SK Ull of men from more professional groups. One of the new members, Erik Plahte, would serve as chairman from 1951 to 1973, when he backed down at the age of 84. Another of the new post-war members, Jakob Vaage, took over. He was then aged 68. By 1953, all the club's elected positions were held by post-war members. Three of the older members, some with experience dating to the 1880s, were admitted as honorary members, the first honorary members in SK Ull since 1889.
After professor Johs. Andenæs was admitted as a member in 1949, the club admitted thirteen members in the 1950s; seven in the 1960s as well as a corresponding member, Norwegian-Canadian Herman Smith-Johannsen; and only three in the 1970s. One member was elected i 1980, and three in 1983; Arvid Fossum, Odd Harsheim and Birger Ruud. Three honorary members were proclaimed after 1960: Erik Plahte in 1969, Herman Smith-Johanssen in 1975 and Jakob Vaage in 1983.
The cabin Ydale was still used for festivities, and became a small "museum" with skiing antiquities left behind by former members. The cabin was also used during the 1952 Winter Olympics as the residence of the Danish skiing team. A road leading to the cabin was named Ullveien in 1964. In 1983 the 100-year anniversary of Ull was hosted at Ydale with attendance from King Olav V of Norway.
List of position-holders
This is a list of chairmen, deputy chairmen and managers/secretaries of SK Ull.
Chairmen
1883–1885 : Johan Bechholm
1885–1887 : Sigurd Gotaas
1887–1891 : Fritz R. Huitfeldt
1891–1905 : Emil Roll
1905–1910 : Karl Roll
1910–1912 : Andreas Brandrud
1912–1913 : Jørgen Tandberg
1913–1917 : Vilhelm Heiberg
1917–1928 : Alf Scott-Hansen, Sr.
1928–1933 : Johan Fredrik Gram
1933–1935 : Emil Roll
1935–1940 : Johan Fredrik Gram
1940–1949 : Andreas Brandrud
1949–1951 : Harald Kjerschow
1951–1973 : Erik Plahte
1973–1992 : Jakob Vaage
1992–1994 : Odd Harsheim
[...]
2004–2011 : Odd Seim-Haugen
[...]
Vice chairmen
1883–1885 : Sigurd Gotaas
1885–1890 : Johan Bechholm
1890–1891 : Enevold Munch Falsen
1891–1893 : Sigval Jacobsen
1893–1894 : Jørgen Tandberg
1894–1905 : Vilhelm Heiberg
1905–1910 : Andreas Brandrud
1910–1912 : Jørgen Tandberg
1912–1916 : Alf Scott Hansen
1916–1917 : Jørgen Tandberg
1917–1926 : Tobias Bernhoft
1926–1928 : Johan Fredrik Gram
1928–1933 : Jørgen Berg
1933–1940 : Andreas Brandrud
1940–1944 : Nicolai Martens
1944–1949 : Harald Kjerschow
1949–1970 : Helge Dahl
1970–1973 : Jakob Vaage
1973–???? : Annar Poulsson
[...]
Managers and secretaries
The position as manager existed from 1883, but in 1952 it was split into two; secretary and treasurer.
1883–1887 : Henrik Florentz
1887–1890 : Marius Grüner
1890–1892 : Sven Poppe
1892–1893 : Mathias Rye
1893–1894 : Otto Orre
1894–1897 : Herman Løvenskiold
1897–1900 : Wilhelm Myhre
1900–1902 : Jørgen Barth
1902–1903 : Marcus Meisterlin
1903–1906 : August Koren
1906–1908 : Olaf Rye
1908–1911 : Adolf Denis Horn
1911–1919 : Marcus Meisterlin
1919–1935 : Ulrik F. L. Lyng
1935–1936 : Harald Kjerschow
1936–1949 : Otto P. Børresen
1949–1951 : Erik Plahte
1951–1963 : Jakob Vaage (secretary from 1952)
1963–1975 : Aage Træffen
1975–???? : Arild Smith-Kielland
[...]
References
Notes
Bibliography
Sports teams in Norway
Sport clubs established in 1883
1883 establishments in Norway
Sport in Oslo
Nehebkau (also spelled Nehebu-Kau) is the primordial snake god in ancient Egyptian mythology. Although originally considered an evil spirit, he later functions as a funerary god associated with the afterlife. As one of the forty-two assessors of Ma'at, Nehebkau was believed to judge the deceased after death and provide their souls with ka – the part of the soul that distinguished the living from the dead.
Nehebkau was ultimately considered a powerful, benevolent and protective deity. In late mythology, he is described as a companion of the sun god Re and an attendant of the deceased King. As he is so closely associated with the sun god, his name was evoked in magical spells for protection. His festival was widely celebrated throughout the Middle and New Kingdoms.
Name
Nehebkau's name – also spelled Neheb-Kau and Nhb-K3w – has been translated in many ways by Egyptologists. These translations include: “that which gives Ka”; “he who harnesses the spirits”; the “overturner of doubles”; “collector of souls”; “provider of goods and foods” and “bestower of dignities”.
Mythology
Nehebkau is the “original snake” of Egyptian mythology, and was believed to be both an ancient and eternal god. Although he is occasionally represented as a son of Serket, Renenutet or Geb, he is sometimes believed to have simply "emerged from the earth". He was believed to have lived in the Great Temple of Heliopolis, which was also the centre of worship for Re and Atum.
Nehebkau is a considerably powerful deity, which contemporary Egyptologist and author Richard Wilkinson credits to his demonic origins and snake-like qualities. After he swallows seven cobras in a myth, Nehebkau cannot be harmed by any magic, fire or water. In an early myth, he demonstrates an ability to breathe fire. Nehebkau first appears in the Pyramid Texts, and he is described as an evil, long and winding serpent who devoured human souls in the afterlife. In this context, he is believed to be an enemy of the sun god, and Re is said to have built his sun boats to be able to be pushed by the wind in order to escape Nehebkau's many coils.
Nehebkau was later honoured among other dangerous gods as one of the forty-two judges in the Court of Maat, judging the innocence of deceased souls. Additionally, orientalist Professor Wilhelm Max Muller describes Nehebkau to have personally guarded the gates of the underworld.
As a snake god, Nehebkau was also considered a dangerous, furious and fearsome demon.
In the Coffin Texts, however, the ancient god Atum places his fingernail against a nerve in Nehebkau's spine, calming his chaotic and fearsome nature.
Throughout and following the Coffin Texts, Nehebkau is considered a benevolent and helpful deity who may be befriended by gods and men and enlisted into service. After this transformation, he appears as a servant and partner to the sun god Re, and is said to provide food and assistance to the deceased King in the afterlife. In this position, he became increasingly powerful and important, eventually assuming Re's role as a King of The Sky.
It is in this peaceful form that he mostly appears in Egyptian mythologies, and he was often evoked as a protective god in religious rituals, amulets and spells.
Roles
Funerary God
As a funerary god and one of the forty-two judges in the Court of Maat, Nehebkau played a significant role in the Ancient Egyptian perception of the afterlife. As well as guarding the underworld, he was occasionally represented as a personal guard of Osiris.
When a deceased spirit enters the afterlife in Ancient Egyptian mythology, the most important stage is their trial in the Court of Maat, also known as the Law-Court of Osiris or the Dead Court. This tribunal consisted of forty-two fearsome deities who represented all possible types of evil, and to whom the deceased had to declare their innocence.
Nehebkau had a specific role in examining the individual's purity and sinlessness, and he was specifically responsible for protecting the neck and throat of the deceased.
Once the deceased is justified and found innocent by the Court, Nehebkau is believed to have absolved the soul of sin and provided the deceased with food and drink. He additionally nourishes the deceased with ka - the 'life force' of the individual - allowing their spirit to endure in the afterlife.
Attendant of Re
After he was subdued by Atum, Nehebkau was characterised as benevolent, beautiful and peaceful. It is in this state that he became the servant and partner of the sun god Re. In later myths, he assists Re in his moving of the morning boat through the sky to the east and throughout the flight of the day. In the Book of The Dead, this passage is described as making all people happy, filling hearts with “joy and justice”.
Additionally, Nehebkau is said to have served the dead Kings in this period: providing food, transmitting messages and intervening with other deities on their behalf.
Successor of Re
Nehebkau eventually assumed Re's role in the afterlife: becoming “the King of Heaven and ruler of the Two Lands” and bestowing crowns, ka and other desirable qualities upon the spirits of the deceased. He acted as a mediator between the deceased and the gods, and was additionally responsible for assigning the dead their positions in the afterlife.
Relationship to other gods
Nehebkau continuously appears alongside the sun god Re, as an assistant, companion and successor.
As an assessor of Maat in the Court of Osiris, he was also associated with Osiris himself: the god of the dead, fertility and the afterlife. Although not all of the forty-two assessors have been identified by scholars, Wilkerson considers significant deities such as the ibis Thoth and crocodile Sobek to be included in the tribunal, and these gods can therefore be considered associates of Nehebkau.
As a snake deity, he was associated with and likely modelled after the great snake Apep - the enemy of Ra and embodiment of chaos in Egyptian myth.
Additionally, as a visiting god of Heliopolis and an ancient deity, Nehebkau was often associated with Atum: the creator god who calms his chaotic nature.
Nehebkau was represented as a consort of the minor goddess Nehmtaway, who is also a known partner of the wisdom god Thoth. She was depicted as a goddess holding an infant, with a distinguishing headdress shaped like a sistrum - an Ancient Egyptian musical instrument.
He sometimes appeared as a consort to the scorpion goddess Serket, who protected the deceased King and was often evoked to cure poison and scorpion stings. Some myths also describe Nehebkau as Serket's son.
Alternatively, he was believed to be the son of the earth god Geb. This is common with Egyptian snake gods and associated with the imagery of snakes crawling across the earth. When Geb is represented as his father, Nehebkau's mother is considered to be the harvest goddess Renenutet: the ‘good snake' who ensured bountiful fields, harvests and kitchens for the living and nourished the kas of the dead.
The image of Nehebkau also appeared on depictions of the thrones of feline goddess Sekhmet and Bastet. Wilkerson theorises that this iconography would have likely symbolised his protection over them.
Iconography
Nehebkau is most often represented in Ancient Egyptian art, carvings and statues as an anthropomorphised snake: half human and half serpent.
However, early texts and mythologies usually represented Nehebkau as a full serpent with a long body and multiple coils. It is in this form that often appears on the sides of divine thrones, likely in reference to his protective qualities and powerful nature.
In later periods, he appeared in a semi-anthropromophised form, as a man with the head and tail of a serpent or a serpent with human arms or legs. In this form he appears on amulets, small statues and plaques, with his arms “raised to the mouth to proffer small vessels for food or drink,” reflecting his function in the afterlife.
Nehebkau was occasionally shown as having two heads on two separate necks, and a third head on his tail supported by the figure of a man. Egyptologist Magali Massiera suggests that the two heads could be a representation of his dual good and evil nature, as well as his ability to simultaneously attack from two directions at once. In one artifact from Heliopolis, he appears as an eight-headed snake.
These detailed descriptions of his appearance were common for guardians of the underworld, and were done so Nehekbau could be recognised by the deceased. Occasionally, Nehebkau is represented with the features of other snake demons: such as multiple heads and wings.
Worship
Although there was no specific priesthood associated with Nehebkau, scholars including Wilkinson consider it likely that he was widely worshipped in popular religion.
This worship was likely centred at his temple in Herakleopolis, although its exact location is rarely mentioned in sources. Nehebkau was also often associated with the Great Temple of Heliopolis, where he may have had a funerary chapel, as well as a statue that dates back to the reign of King Ramses II.
Nehebkau was also depicted in many amulets from the New Kingdom's third intermediate period and later. These amulets were often found in burials, which indicates a belief that Nehebkau would protect the deceased through their journey to the underworld. Kalloniatis also associates these amulets with Nehebkau's ability to sustain ka in spirits and nourish the deceased with food and drink in the afterlife.
His image also appears on amulets designed to protect against poison, snake-bites and scorpion venom.
Magic and Spells
Anti-snake spells are incredibly common in Egyptian texts, appearing in the Pyramid Texts, Coffin Texts and The Book of the Dead, alongside other spells designed to repel dangerous animals. Many magical objects are inscribed with scenes of benevolent deities protecting humanity from snakes.
After becoming associated with Ra, Nehebkau's name was often evoked in magical spells to function as a magical protector. His image was depicted as a protective deity on some ivory wands.
Festivals
Nehebkau's festival was recorded as occurring thirty-two times in the New Kingdom, but is known to have been celebrated since at least the Middle Kingdom.
The exact date of the festival is contested by scholars: it may have been celebrated nine days after the festival of ploughing the earth, on the first day of the first month of the winter season or alternatively during the coronation of the King during the Ramesside period
Individuals would often celebrate this festival by eating hsjitt plants and cakes made of khersait plants. The festival is believed by researcher Sharon LaBorde to have been a feast celebrating redemption and rebirth; potentially associated with the lion goddess Sekhmet.
References
Further reading
Egyptian gods
Underworld gods
Snake gods
Egyptian underworld
Legendary serpents
Simon Fredriksson (born 18 May 1993) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He made his Elitserien debut playing with Färjestads BK during the 2012–13 Elitserien season. He currently plays for the danish team Rungsted Seier Capital of the Danish Metal Ligaen.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Färjestad BK players
Marsilius of Padua (Italian: Marsilio or Marsiglio da Padova; born Marsilio dei Mainardini or Marsilio Mainardini; c. 1270 – c. 1342) was an Italian scholar, trained in medicine, who practiced a variety of professions. He was also an important 14th-century political figure. His political treatise Defensor pacis (The Defender of Peace), an attempt to refute papalist claims to a "plenitude of power" in affairs of both church and state, is seen by some authorities as the most revolutionary political treatise written in the later Middle Ages. It is one of the first examples of a trenchant critique of caesaropapism in Western Europe. Marsilius is sometimes seen as a forerunner of the Protestant reformation, because many of his beliefs agreed with Calvin and Luther.
Early years
Marsilius was born in Padua, an important Italian city, circa 1275-1280. He probably studied medicine at the University of Padua and later went to the University of Paris, where he became a devoted admirer of Aristotle, whom he called 'the divine philosopher". He served as rector of the University of Paris in 1313.
Political theory and later years
Marsilius wrote Defensor pacis in 1324. This treatise was written in the context of a power struggle between Pope John XXII and Louis of Bavaria (or Ludwig of Bavaria), the elected candidate for Holy Roman Emperor. Louis' policies in the Italian peninsula, where the Empire had important territories, threatened papal territorial sovereignty. In 1323 Louis had sent an army to Italy to protect Milan against the powerful Kingdom of Naples. Naples, along with France, was a strong ally of John XXII. John excommunicated Louis and demanded that he relinquish his claim to the imperial crown. Louis responded to John XXII with fresh provocations.
In Defensor pacis, Marsilius sought to demonstrate, by arguments from reason (in Dictio I of the text) and by argument from authority (in Dictio II) the independence of the Holy Roman Empire from the Papacy and the emptiness of the prerogatives alleged to have been usurped by the Roman pontiffs. A number of Marsilius's views were declared to be heretical by Pope John XXII in 1327.
Most of Defensor pacis is devoted to theology. Relying heavily on Scripture, Marsilius seeks to show that Jesus did not claim to possess any temporal power and that he did not intend his church to exercise any. On the contrary, Scripture teaches that the church should be thoroughly subordinate to the state in both secular and spiritual matters. All authority in the church lies with the whole body of the faithful, the secular ruler who acts as the people's representative, and general councils called by the secular ruler. Some of Marsilius's arguments on these themes had a marked influence during the Reformation.
Today, Marsilius's Defensor pacis is best remembered not for its theology but for its political philosophy and legal theory. Marsilius agrees with Aristotle that the purpose of government is the rational fulfillment of humans' natural desire for a "sufficient life". However, he goes beyond Aristotle in embracing a form of republicanism that views the people as the only legitimate source of political authority. Sovereignty lies with the people, and the people should elect, correct, and, if necessary, depose its political leaders. Democracy, Marsilius argues, is the best form of government because it tends to produce the wisest laws, protects the common benefit, promotes "sufficiency of life", and produces laws that are most likely to be obeyed.
Marsilius and John of Jandun, who has sometimes been credited as a co-author of Defensor pacis, left France for Louis' court in Bavaria. Louis admitted Marsilius and John to his circle. Others were also under his protection, including Michael of Cesena and the philosopher William of Ockham, an advocate of an early form of church and state separation. In 1326, Marsilius accompanied Louis to Italy, where he preached or circulated written attacks against the pope. The Lord of Milan Galeazzo I Visconti, suspected of conspiring with John XXII, was deposed and Louis was crowned King of Italy in Milan in 1327.
In January 1328 Louis entered Rome and had himself crowned emperor by the aged senator Sciarra Colonna, called captain of the Roman people. Three months later, Louis published a decree declaring "Jacque de Cahors"—Pope John XXII—deposed on grounds of heresy. He then installed the Franciscan Pietro Rainalducci as Nicholas V. Nicholas was deposed upon Louis's departure from Rome in 1329.
In Bavaria, as imperial vicar, Marsilius persecuted the clergy who had remained faithful to John XXII. In recompense for his services, he was appointed archbishop of Milan, and John of Jandun obtained from Louis IV the bishopric of Ferrara.
Marsilius also composed a treatise De translatione [Romani] imperii, which some authorities consider is a rearrangement of a similar work by called De jurisdictione imperatoris in causa matrimoniali. This work, and Marsilius's variation, sought to justify the exclusive jurisdiction of the emperor in matrimonial affairs: Louis of Bavaria had recently annulled the marriage of the son of the King of Bohemia.
Death
Marsilius died in Munich around 1342, still unreconciled to the Church.
Legacy
Some authorities consider Defensor pacis one of the most important political and religious works of fourteenth-century Europe. In the Defensor minor, Marsilius completed and elaborated on different points in the doctrine laid down in the Defensor pacis. He dealt here with problems concerning ecclesiastical jurisdiction, penance, indulgences, crusades and pilgrimages, vows, excommunication, the general church council, marriage and divorce, and unity with the Greek Orthodox Church. In this work he even more clearly articulates imperial supremacy over the Church.
Theological beliefs
Marsilius believed that the pope doesn't have absolute authority, and that the scriptures are above the pope. Marsilius saw the scriptures as being above the church and believed the papacy to be of human arrangement instead of divine.
References
Further reading
The Defender of Peace (Cambridge University Press, 2005).
Writings on the Empire: Defensor minor and De translatione imperii (Cambridge University Press, 1993).
1270s births
1340s deaths
University of Paris alumni
People excommunicated by the Catholic Church
Physicians from Padua
Italian philosophers
Scholastic philosophers
14th-century Latin writers
14th-century Italian writers
Writers from Padua
14th-century Italian philosophers
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Parramatta on 11 October 1856 because Henry Parker had been appointed Premier and Colonial Secretary, forming the Parker ministry.
Dates
Result
The by-election was caused by the appointment of Henry Parker as Premier and Colonial Secretary, forming the Parker ministry.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Parramatta
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1856 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1850s in New South Wales
Wallace Gordon Bryant Jr. (born July 14, 1959) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and other leagues. A , pound center, born in Torrejón de Ardoz (Madrid, Spain), Bryant attended Emerson High School in Gary, Indiana, before playing at the University of San Francisco.
Professional playing career
Bryant was drafted by the Chicago Bulls in 1982. After one season with the Bulls, he was traded to the Dallas Mavericks, on September 14, 1984, with whom he spent the prime of his career.
On November 26, 1986, after two seasons with Dallas, Bryant was waived, and was than picked up by the Los Angeles Clippers. After playing eight games for Los Angeles, he retired from the league in 1986. After playing only three seasons, his entire career totals were 323 points, 374 rebounds, and 40 blocks.
He also played in Spain for FC Barcelona (1986–87), in Italy for Ford Cantù (1982–1983) winning the Euroleague title, Yoga Bologna (1987–1988, Serie A2), and Filodoro Napoli (1990–1991).
Coaching career
In 2011, Bryant became the basketball coach for the California Sea Kings of the new American Basketball Association. Now in 2013–present he Coaches Qwa-zak at private barn(Stockton, CA).
References
External links
Career info
Bio on Mavswiki
1959 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Atenas basketball players
Basket Napoli players
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Basketball players from Indiana
CB Girona players
CB Peñas Huesca players
Centers (basketball)
Chicago Bulls draft picks
Chicago Bulls players
Dallas Mavericks players
FC Barcelona Bàsquet players
Ferro Carril Oeste basketball players
Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna players
Liga ACB players
Los Angeles Clippers players
National Basketball Association players from Spain
Pallacanestro Cantù players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Peñarol de Mar del Plata basketball players
San Francisco Dons men's basketball players
Spanish basketball coaches
Spanish people of American descent
Basketball players from Madrid
United States Basketball League coaches
Jayu Quta (Aymara for "salt lake") may refer to:
Jayu Quta (Carangas), a lake in the Carangas Province and Sud Carangas Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Jayu Quta (Ladislao Cabrera), a lake in the Salinas de Garci Mendoza Municipality, Ladislao Cabrera Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Vassilis Karapialis (; born 13 June 1965) is a Greek retired footballer. He successfully competed for AEL, Olympiacos and the Greece national football team. He is considered to be one of the best Greece number 10 shirt of all time.
Youth years at Toxotis
Born in Ambelokipoi, Larissa, Karapialis began to play football in Larissa's grounds. School wasn't so important for him. At the age of 14, in 1979, he began his early career at Toxotis Larissa youth team. Toxotis had another talent too, Giorgos Agorogiannis, later Karapialis's teammate at AEL and one of the best Larissa's players of all time too. Thanks to his notable skills, Karapialis moved to Toxotis first team a year later, in 1980. He made some excellent appearances with Toxotis at Larissa Prefecture Amateur League and many Top League's clubs got interested for him. In 1984, OFI was paying Toxotis 2,1 million Greek Drahmas (almost 6,200 Euro's) for him, but Karapialis did not want to leave his hometown and refused the transfer. His greatest dream was to play for Larissa's "queen", AEL.
After an outstanding 1984–1985 season with Toxotis, when he scored 30 goals playing as a midfielder, the time had come for the dream to become true.
AEL wonder
When Karapialis was transferred to AEL for 1 million Greek Drahmas in 1985, just after AEL had won the very first Greek Football Cup in the club's history, he became very popular among the fans. Soon he had his own fan club watching him playing every single week, holding a "Karapialis, You Are Magic" banner. For the first two seasons, Karapialis was used mainly as a substitute. When he managed to become a basic player in 1987–1988 season, the club won its only Greek Football Championship in the club's history, with Karapialis being the MVP of the season, and that league title remains until today (6 June 2021) the only top league title won by a club that is not based in one of the two biggest cities of the country, Athens and Thessaloniki. The next seasons were bad for club, as the club faced serious bankruptcy problems. Three seasons after the Championship, Karapialis left his favourite AEL for Olympiacos.
The favourite "Billy" of Olympiacos
In 1991's summer, Karapialis signed for Olympiacos and the club's fans celebrated the signing of one of the most promising player at the time. He made his debut against AEK Athens, when Olympiacos won 4–2, thanks to a hat-trick by Oleg Protasov. He quickly became the leader of the Red-Whites, thanks to his aggression, agility, great technique and, of course, experience. He won only one Greek Football Cup in his first five seasons with Olympiacos, but the next four were outstanding: four out of four Greek Football Championships, one Greek Football Cup and a Greek Super Cup.
International career
Karapialis appeared in 21 matches for the senior Greece national football team from 1988 to 1994.
Although Karapialis was a phenomenal talent, he played only 21 games with the Greece national football team, scoring 2 goals. He was not a regular choice for the team while he was playing for AEL 1964, because of the prevalent preference of coaches to call players only from Athens and Thessaloniki based teams (Olympiacos, AEK Athens, Panathinaikos and PAOK) rather than include the great players on teams from the countryside, such as AEL 1964.
Karapialis was out even from the 1994 FIFA World Cup Greece team. He felt insulted and announced his retirement from the National team.
Retirement and honorary vote
In May 2000, Karapialis announced his retirement from professional football. The same year, he was voted as the third-best Greek professional footballer (after 1979, when football became professional in Greece), after Vassilis Hatzipanagis and Dimitris Saravakos.
He is considered to be the best Greek number 10 shirt in history of Olympiacos along with Georgios Delikaris.
During his retirement as a footballer, he would work for Olympiacos, either as a scout or as a manager to the club's youth teams. He would become the owner of his football academy center in Chalandri, Athens.
On 5 June 2021, the Greek media announced his official return to AEL to be in charge of all its youth teams.
Honours
AEL
Greek Championship (1): 1987–88
Olympiacos
Greek Championship (4): 1996–97, 1997–98, 1998–99, 1999–00
Greek Cup:
Winner (2): 1991–92, 1998–99
Runner-up (1): 1992–93
Greek Super Cup (1): 1992
References
External links
similar to Pelé's style goal (video) (in Greek)
bio article in newsbeast.gr (in Greek)
bio article in apopsi24.gr (in Greek)
bio article in sport24.gr (in Greek)
1965 births
Living people
Footballers from Larissa
Greek footballers
Greece international footballers
Super League Greece players
Olympiacos F.C. players
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Greek beach soccer players
The Hatch Homestead and Mill Historic District encompasses two properties associated with the locally prominent Hatch family on Union Street in Marshfield, Massachusetts. It includes an early Georgian colonial house (dating to the first half of the 18th century), and a 19th-century water-powered mill, both located on sites that had seen similar use since the 17th century. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Description and history
The Hatch Homestead and Mill are located in northern Marshfield, on the west side of Union Street opposite its junction with Pine Street. Both buildings are set well back from the street. The mill is located down a gravel drive directly opposite Pine Street, while the house is located nearly 1/3 of a mile west of the Union Street, and is now accessed via a drive to the south. To the south of the mill is the site of the mill pond, which was created by damming a stream flowing west to the North River. The house is located on the south side of the stream, at a distance below the dam.
The mill is a roughly T-shaped wood frame structure, with a heavy timber frame on a fieldstone foundation. It houses an original water-powered driveshaft, which was used to drive an up-and-down saw blade. The building has undergone a number of restorative actions, and is (as of 2016) in another phase of restoration by the town.
The house is a 2-1/2 story timber-frame structure, with a gabled roof and central chimney. Single-story wings extend to either side of the main block. Although this house was traditionally given a construction date of c. 1647, architectural analysis indicates the use of 18th-century construction methods in building it. The property was acquired in 1647 by Walter Hatch, who built a house on this property, and was probably responsible for damming the stream and establishing a mill, although none of his buildings are now believed to survive. The house was probably built by Hatch's son or grandson. The Hatch family owned both properties until the 1960s. Author Sarah Messer grew up in the house, and featured the house in her book, Red House: Being a Mostly Accurate Account of New England's Oldest Continuously Lived-In House.
See also
List of the oldest buildings in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
References
External links
Hatch Mill Restoration
National Register of Historic Places in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Georgian architecture in Massachusetts
Houses in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Marshfield, Massachusetts
Historic districts in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Federico Mandatori, also known as Federico Biaggi, is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Italy. He is Max Biaggi's nephew.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Profile on worldsbk.com
1987 births
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Sportspeople from Rome
Arkle Beck is the stream running through the valley of Arkengarthdale in the Yorkshire Dales, England. It is a tributary of the River Swale, which it joins just past Reeth at Grinton Bridge. The beck itself has several tributaries which include:
Great Punchard Gill
William's Gill
Annaside Beck
Roe Beck
In 1986, a section of the meadow alongside Arkle Beck at Whaw was designated as a site of special scientific interest (SSSI).
References
Rivers of North Yorkshire
Arkengarthdale
Orit Kedar is an Israeli political scientist. She is a professor of political science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where she is also affiliated with the Federmann Center for the Study of Rationality. She specializes in electoral politics, electoral systems and party systems, and comparative vote choice under different political systems.
Education and early work
Kedar attended Tel Aviv University, where she earned a BA in economics and political science. She then obtained an MA in political science at Brown University. In 2003 she completed a PhD in political science at Harvard University, where she earned the Noxon Toppan Award for the Best Dissertation in Political Science in 2003.
After completing her PhD, Kedar joined the faculty at the University of Michigan, where she was also affiliated with the Center for Political Studies and the Center for European Studies. From 2006 to 2007 she was a post-doctoral fellow at Tel Aviv University, and then she moved to the political science faculty at The Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 2009 she joined the faculty of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. She has also held visiting positions at New York University and the European University Institute.
Career
In 2009, Kedar published the book Voting for Policy, Not Parties: How Voters Compensate for Power Sharing. The book is motivated by puzzles in the traditional Downsian spatial theory of issue voting in which electors cast a vote for whichever candidate is closest to them on each issue: Kedar points out several empirical patterns that cannot easily be explained in this framework such as the tendencies for voters in parliamentary systems to vote for candidates more extreme than themselves, and the tendency in presidential systems for the president's party to perform worse in elections that do not coincide with the presidential election even when no change in the party's positions takes place between those elections. Voting for Policy, Not Parties explains these patterns as the result of a "compensatory vote model" in which voters tend to overshoot their desired policies in systems that feature substantial power-sharing between different parties, with the expectation that the party they vote for will be moderated by the parties it has to share power with. Conversely, in systems with minimal power-sharing, voters under this model should be expected to vote for their true policy preferences. The book won the 2010 William H. Riker award from the American Political Science Association, which is awarded to "the best book on political economy published during the past three calendar years".
Kedar's article "Are Voters Equal under the Proportional Representation", published in the American Journal of Political Science, won the 2017 Lawrence Longley Award from the American Political Science Association for the best article published each year on the topic of representation and electoral systems.
Kedar was elected as the President of the European Political Science Association for the 2018–2019 term. In addition to her academic publications, Kedar has written pieces for Haaretz and the LSE Blogs.
Selected works
Voting for Policy, Not Parties: How Voters Compensate for Power Sharing.
"Are Voters Equal under the Proportional Representation", American Journal of Political Science, 2016
Selected awards
William H. Riker Award, American Political Science Association (2010)
Lawrence Longley Award, American Political Science Association (2017)
References
Living people
Israeli women academics
Israeli political scientists
Women political scientists
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Israeli women writers
Tel Aviv University alumni
Brown University alumni
Harvard University alumni
University of Michigan faculty
MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences faculty
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1926 Buffalo Rangers season was their seventh in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–6–2, winning four games. They finished ninth in the league.
Background
In response to the creation of the Los Angeles Buccaneers, the revival of the Louisville Colonels as well as the AFL I's Los Angeles Wildcats, Buffalo (under new coach Jim Kendrick) changed its name for one year to the Buffalo Rangers, also known as the Texas Rangers. The team, although remaining based in Buffalo, would consist mostly of players from the state of Texas and the Southwestern United States. (Coincidentally, there was—and is—a city known as Buffalo, Texas.) The team had little to lose; after the retirement of star player and part-owner Tommy Hughitt after the 1924 season, the team slid to 1–6–2 in 1925.
Although the team returned to .500 play, sporting a 4–4–2 record (the best record the team would have without Hughitt), the experiment was not continued after 1926.
Schedule
Standings
References
Buffalo Rangers seasons
Buffalo Rangers
Buffalo
Johannes Hendrikus Hubert "John" de Mol Jr. (born 24 April 1955) is a Dutch media tycoon, television producer and billionaire. De Mol is one of the men behind production companies Endemol and Talpa. He is known for being the creator of several major reality television formats including Big Brother, Fear Factor and The Voice.
Forbes estimated him to be worth about US$1.5 billion in 2017.
Endemol
De Mol acquired his fortune producing television programmes. From 1997 to 1999 he developed the popular reality television series Big Brother with his production company, John de Mol Produkties. In 1994 his company merged with Joop van den Ende TV-Producties into Endemol, but it still functioned on its own. He produced Fear Factor, Love Letters, 1 vs. 100 and Deal or No Deal (Miljoenenjacht) for Endemol. De Mol sold his share of Endemol in 2000 to Telefónica but continued to serve as creative director until 2004. In 2005, he was listed on the Forbes Magazine list of the 500 richest people in the world.
Talpa Media Holding
After departing Endemol in 2004, De Mol founded his own television station. The proposed name, Tien (Dutch for 10), was disputed by competitor SBS Broadcasting, owner of the TV10 brand. The channel had to launch under the Talpa brand, Latin for mole which translates to mol in Dutch. Later the name dispute was ended, which resulted in the rebranding of Talpa to Tien. The station scored bad ratings, despite scooping the rights of the Eredivisie football league. In 2007 De Mol decided to close down Tien and sold the channel to RTL Nederland, retaining a share in that company. De Mol also sold Radio 538 to RTL Nederland, which he acquired in 2005. Talpa remained the name of the holding company managing De Mol's assets and the production company which continued to produce several programmes for the RTL network, including the highly successful Ik Hou van Holland.
Buying SBS
In 2011 Talpa worked together with Finnish media conglomerate Sanoma to buy the Dutch activities of SBS Broadcasting from German broadcaster ProSiebenSat.1 Media. As part of that deal, De Mol sold his shares in RTL Nederland to the RTL Group, retaining the ownership of Radio 538 and its sister stations Radio 10 Gold and SLAM!FM.
The Voice
In 2010, a new reality competition series, The Voice of Holland, was launched by De Mol. It was a large success in the Netherlands and the formula was sold to several other countries around the globe. The Voice (of America) launched on NBC on 27 April 2011 with De Mol and Mark Burnett as executive producers. In The Voice, the singing auditions are 'blind': the jury is turned with their back to the competitors. Once having 'selected' by pushing a button, the juror turns towards the competitor. This concept, the creation of De Mol and Dutch singer Roel van Velzen, makes it "all about the voice." After these blind auditions, the coaches will train their competitors through knock-out battles and public voting rounds until there is one competitor left, who will be named as 'The Voice'.
Personal life
De Mol was formerly married to singer and actress Willeke Alberti. The actor Johnny de Mol is their son. From 1980 to 1984, Luv' singer Marga Scheide was his partner. Outside of television, De Mol controls a large private equity fund which, at one time, owned significant shares of car manufacturer Spyker Cars and telecommunications company Versatel. John's sister, broadcaster and actress Linda de Mol, presents or appears in, some of Endemol's programmes, including the original Dutch version of Deal or No Deal, Miljoenenjacht (Hunt for Millions).
See also
List of Dutch by net worth
References
Sources
Profile, forbes.com; accessed 22 April 2015.
External links
1955 births
Living people
Dutch chief executives in the media industry
Dutch corporate directors
Dutch television producers
Dutch television personalities
Dutch billionaires
Dutch stock traders
People from Hilversum
Endemol
Primetime Emmy Award winners
20th-century Dutch businesspeople
21st-century Dutch businesspeople
A box truck—also known as a box van, cube van, bob truck or cube truck—is a chassis cab truck with an enclosed cuboid-shaped cargo area. On most box trucks, the cabin is separate to the cargo area; however some box trucks have a door between the cabin and the cargo area.
The difference between a box truck and a van is that the cargo van is a one-piece (unibody), while a box truck is created by adding a cargo box to a chassis cab.
North American usage
Box trucks are typically in length and can range from Class 3 to Class 7 (12,500 lb. to 33,000 lb. gross vehicle weight rating). They often have a garage door-like rear door that rolls up. They are often used by companies transporting home appliances or furniture, or are used as moving trucks which can be rented by individuals.
Ford, Dodge and Chevrolet/GMC have historically been the most common manufacturers of conventional cab/chassis to which the cargo box is attached by various producers (called body builders or upfitters). Isuzu Motors, Mitsubishi Fuso Truck of America, Inc. and UD Trucks have been the most common producers of cab over-type medium duty cab/chassis used as platforms for box trucks.
Small box trucks often use the cab of full size vans from Ford, Chrysler or General Motors (e.g. Ford E-Series/Econoline/Ford Transit, Dodge Ram Van, Chevrolet Express/Chevrolet Van/GMC Vandura/GMC Savana), though pre-manufactured cutaway van chassis vehicles are the basis (rather than an actual cargo van), in order to reduce the labour required for production.
Box van definition in British English
In British English, box van is a term for a four-wheeled covered goods wagon (freight vehicle) with a fully enclosed body.
In British English the word truck refers to large open topped freight vehicles or rail freight waggons. A lorry is a HGV road vehicle. A van is used for an enclosed railway freight carriage or medium or smaller commercial road vehicles.
Luton body
A Luton body is a style of commercial vehicle body incorporating an enclosed box body extended over the cab. It takes its name from the town of Luton, in Bedfordshire, where the Bedford commercial vehicle plant was located.
This style of body was designed to accommodate the high-volume, low-weight loads of straw hats which were part of Luton's industry. Straw hats were wrapped in hessian fabric in long cylinders to fit across the width of the van. It was incidental that it was the home of Bedford although all the early Luton vans were on Bedford chassis.
The body style is common in medium commercial vehicles such as the Ford Transit, as well as larger vehicles, especially those used by household removals companies. More modern examples may be streamlined to reduce wind resistance. Some commercial vehicles have a wind deflector on the cab roof, but this is not a Luton body; the Luton is functional and can be accessed from the main body. The portion of the body that rests over the cab is called the peak, also referred to, in some quarters, as a "Luton" or a "kick".
Many commercial vehicles have tilting cabs. To allow for this, the floor of the Luton may be hinged, and there may be a hinged flap at the front.
See also
Flatbed truck
Sources
Trucks by type
The second season of Happy Endings, an American television series. ABC officially renewed Happy Endings for a second season on May 13, 2011. It was later announced it would move to a new time-slot on Wednesdays at 9:30pm, as a lead-in to new series Revenge. It premiered on September 28, 2011.
On November 3, 2011, ABC picked up the show for a full 22-episode second season. However the 21st episode to air was labeled as the season finale by ABC as they "needed" to premiere Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23 on April 11, 2012. Despite the episode officially being held back for the third season, the 22nd episode aired on E4 in the UK on May 17, 2012, and other international markets, as part of the second season.
Although the season was not officially released on DVD until October 23, 2012, the DVD was included in a release that contains the first two seasons of the show that was released on August 14, 2012.
Summary
From cranky landlords, nosy childhood friends, Brozilians, gym bullies, sexy Halloween costumes, to racist parrots. Season two offers more of the six best friends navigating life and love in Chicago's hip downtown. Dave and Alex have managed to stay friends, and continue to reshuffle their feelings. Jane tests out her maternal instincts while hubby Brad unwittingly gets a "work wife." Max actually lands the perfect boyfriend that the gang falls in love with. Meanwhile, "The Year of Penny" is off to a rocky start as Penny struggles with everything from birthday curses to 1980s-themed scavenger hunts.
Cast
Starring
Eliza Coupe as Jane Kerkovich-Williams
Elisha Cuthbert as Alex Kerkovich
Zachary Knighton as Dave Rose
Adam Pally as Max Blum
Damon Wayans, Jr. as Brad Williams
Casey Wilson as Penny Hartz
Recurring
Seth Morris as Scotty (3 episodes)
James Wolk as Grant (3 episodes)
Megan Mullally as Dana Hartz (2 episodes)
Brandon Johnson as Daryl (2 episodes)
Stephen Guarino as Derrick (2 episodes)
Larry Wilmore as Mr. Forristal (2 episodes)
Mary Elizabeth Ellis as Daphne Wilson (1 episode)
Brian Austin Green as Chris (1 episode)
Tom Kenny as Tyler Kerkovich (1 episode)
Michael McKean as 'Big' Dave Rose (1 episode)
Paul Scheer as Avi (1 episode)
Mikaela Hoover as Jackie (1 episode)
Notable guest stars
Derek Waters as Glaze ("Blax, Snake, Home")
Megan Park as Chloe ("Baby Steps")
Nicole Gale Anderson as Madison ("Baby Steps")
Alex Kapp Horner as Kelly ("Baby Steps")
Noureen DeWulf as Molly ("Secrets and Limos")
Matt Besser as Rick ("Spooky Endings")
David Walton as Henry ("Spooky Endings")
Brent Musburger as himself ("Lying Around")
Fred Savage as himself ("Lying Around")
Riki Lindhome as Angie ("The Code War")
Angelique Cabral as Vanessa ("The Code War")
Hayes MacArthur as Steven ("The Code War")
Rob Riggle as Drew ("Full Court Dress")
Chryssie Whitehead as Janet ("Full Court Dress")
Gary Anthony Williams as Officer Jones ("Grinches Be Crazy")
Jamie Denbo as Gita ("Grinches Be Crazy")
Ken Marino as Richard Rickman ("The Shrink, the Dare, Her Date and Her Brother")
Sarah Wright as Nikki ("The Shrink, the Dare, Her Date and Her Brother")
Ed Begley, Jr. as himself ("Meat the Parrots")
Ryan Hansen as Jeff Niebert ("Makin' Changes!")
Lindsey Kraft as Lindsay ("The St. Valentine's Day Maxssacre")
Colin Hanks as himself ("Cocktails & Dreams")
Richard Edson as himself ("The Kerkovich Way")
Bobby Moynihan as Corey ("You Snooze, You Bruise")
Ben Falcone as Darren ("Big White Lies")
Episodes
Production
ABC officially renewed Happy Endings for a second season on May 13, 2011. On , with the reveal of ABC 2011-12 schedule, it was announced the series would be moving to an earlier time-slot of Eastern/ Central on Wednesdays as a lead-in to new series, Revenge.
Reception
Critical reception
The second season currently holds an average of 67 out of 100 from critics on Metacritic, which indicates generally favorable reviews.
Tom Gliatto from People said the series "has clicked as one of prime-time's most sophisticated ensemble comedies". While TV Guide's Matt Roush said the show was "an under-inspired Friends-wannabe", he praised the performances of Casey Wilson and Adam Pally. On The A.V. Club, the season contains the highest graded episode of the series to-date, "The Butterfly Effect Effect", with a grade of an A on a scale of A to F.
U.S. Ratings
Home media
References
2011 American television seasons
2012 American television seasons
Patrick Ball (born June 26, 1965) is a scientist who has spent more than twenty years conducting quantitative analysis for truth commissions, non-governmental organizations, international criminal tribunals, and United Nations missions in El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, South Africa, Chad, Sri Lanka, East Timor, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Kosovo, Liberia, Peru, Colombia, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Syria. As executive director of Human Rights Data Analysis Group, he assists human rights defenders by conducting rigorous scientific and statistical analysis of large-scale human rights abuses. He received his bachelor of arts degree from Columbia University, and his doctorate from the University of Michigan.
Human rights and cryptography export controls
During the 1990s-era controversies over the export of strong cryptography by United States software developers, Ball's technical background and expertise in human rights conflicts led him to advocate for the widespread availability of cryptographic technology.
In 1993, he began working with the Science and Human Rights Program of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, initially as a consultant and eventually as deputy director. His work with the AAAS included traveling to countries such as El Salvador and Ethiopia to train local human rights organizations on the use of cryptography and the Internet to protect their communications. The Science and Human Rights Program also organized or co-organized numerous symposiums, including a congressional briefing at which Ball presented alongside Matt Blaze, Ian Goldberg, and Dinah PoKempner.
In 1997, Ball provided expert testimony in ACLU v. Miller, a case from the civil liberties group challenging a Georgia law barring online pseudonymity as unconstitutionally vague and overbroad.
Expert testimony in war crimes trials
Ball served as an expert witness in testimony at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia against Slobodan Milosevic, the former President of Serbia. He was also an expert witness for the Prosecution at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in Milutinović et al. (IT-05-87).
In 2013 Ball provided expert testimony in Guatemala's Supreme Court in the trial of General José Efraín Ríos Montt, the de facto president of Guatemala in 1982-1983. Ríos was found guilty of genocide and crimes against humanity; it was the first time ever that a former head of state was found guilty of genocide in his own country. Ball also testified in 2013 in the trial of Guatemala's former national police chief, Héctor Rafael Bol de la Cruz, who was sentenced to 40 years in prison for the disappearance of a student union leader.
In September 2015, Ball provided expert testimony in the trial of former President of Chad, Hissène Habré. HRDAG's analysis showed that the death rate for political prisoners was much higher than for adult men in Chad: 90 to 540 times higher. On its worst day in the time period for which data were analyzed, the mortality rate was 2.37 deaths per 100 prisoners. During a nine-month period in 1986-1987, the mortality rate in Habré's prisons was higher than that of US POWs in Japanese custody during World War II.
Awards
Ball was conferred a Doctor of Science honoris causa by Claremont Graduate University in 2015. In 2014 he was named a Fellow by the American Statistical Association. Other awards include the Karl E. Peace Award for Outstanding Statistical Contributions for the Betterment of Society from the American Statistical Association in 2018, the Pioneer Award from the Electronic Frontier Foundation in 2005, the Eugene L. Lawler Award for Humanitarian Contributions within Computer Science from the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) in June 2004, and a Special Achievement Award from the Social Statistics Section of the American Statistical Association in 2002. He is a Research Fellow at the Carnegie Mellon University Center for Human Rights Science, and a Fellow at the Human Rights Center at Berkeley Law of the University of California, Berkeley.
Selected publications
Amelia Hoover Green and Patrick Ball (2019). Civilian killings and disappearances during civil war in El Salvador (1980–1992). Demographic Research, 1 October 2019.
Patrick Ball and Megan Price (2019). Using Statistics to Assess Lethal Violence in Civil and Inter-State War. Annual Review of Statistics and Its Application. 7 March 2019.
Patrick Ball and Megan Price (2018). The Statistics of Genocide. Chance (special issue). February 2018.
Patrick Ball (2016). The case against a golden key. Foreign Affairs. September 14, 2016. Foreign Affairs.
Patrick Ball (2016). Violence in blue. Granta 134: 4 March 2016.
Patrick Ball (2016). Why Just Counting the Dead in Syria Won't Bring Them Justice. Foreign Policy. October 19, 2016.
Megan Price and Patrick Ball (2014). Big Data, Selection Bias, and the Statistical Patterns of Mortality in Conflict. SAIS Review of International Affairs.
Price, Megan, Jeff Klingner, and Patrick Ball (2013). Preliminary Statistical Analysis of Documentation of Killings in the Syrian Arab Republic, The Benetech Human Rights Program, commissioned by the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
Patrick Ball. When It Comes to Human Rights, There Are No Online Security Shortcuts, Wired op-ed, August 10, 2012.
Patrick Ball (2008). “¿Quién le hizo qué a quién? Planear e implementar un proyecto a gran escala de información en derechos humanos.” (originally in English at AAAS) Translated by Beatriz Verjerano. Palo Alto, California: Benetech.
Patrick Ball, Tamy Guberek, Daniel Guzmán, Amelia Hoover, and Meghan Lynch (2007). “Assessing Claims of Declining Lethal Violence in Colombia.” Benetech. Also available in Spanish – “Para Evaluar Afirmaciones Sobre la Reducción de la Violencia Letal en Colombia.”
Patrick Ball, Ewa Tabeau, and Philip Verwimp (2007). “The Bosnian Book of the Dead: Assessment of the Database (Full Report).” Households in Conflict Network Research Design Note 5.
Silva, Romesh and Patrick Ball, "The Profile of Human Rights Violations in Timor-Leste, 1974-1999", a Report by the Benetech Human Rights Data Analysis Group to the Commission on Reception, Truth and Reconciliation. 9 February 2006.
Silva, Romesh, and Patrick Ball. "The Demography of Large-Scale Human Rights Atrocities: Integrating demographic and statistical analysis into post-conflict historical clarification in Timor-Leste." Paper presented at the 2006 meetings of the Population Association of America.
Silva, Romesh and Patrick Ball. "The Demography of Conflict-Related Mortality in Timor-Leste (1974-1999): Empirical Quantitative Measurement of Civilian Killings, Disappearances & Famine-Related Deaths" In Papers on Human Rights and Statistics, D. Banks, J. Asher and F. Scheuren, eds., ASA/SIAM Monograph Series, Philadelphia, PA (USA), pp. 42–57.
Ball, Patrick. "On the Quantification of Horror: Field Notes on Statistical Analysis of Human Rights Violations." in Repression and Mobilization, ed. by Christian Davenport, Hank Johnston, and Carol Mueller. Minneapolis: U Minnesota P. 2005.
Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Perú, Final Report - General Conclusions
Davenport, Christian, and Patrick Ball. "Views to a Kill: Exploring the Implications of Source Selection in the Case of Guatemalan State Terror, 1977-1996." Journal of Conflict Resolution 46(3): 427-450. 2002.
Killings and Refugee Flow in Kosovo, March - June, 1999
Chapman, Audrey R. and Patrick Ball. "The Truth of Truth Commissions: Comparative Lessons from Haiti, South Africa, and Guatemala." Human Rights Quarterly. 23(4):1-42. 2001
Policy or Panic? The Flight of Ethnic Albanians from Kosovo, March–May 1999
Political Killings in Kosovo
Making the Case: Investigating Large Scale Human Rights Violations Using Information Systems and Data Analysis. (ed. with Herbert F. Spirer and Louise Spirer). Washington, DC: AAAS, 2000.
State Violence in Guatemala, 1960-1996: a Quantitative Reflection. (with Paul Kobrak and Herbert F. Spirer) Washington, DC: AAAS, 1999.
Who Did What to Whom? Planning and Implementing a Large Scale Human Rights Data Project. Washington, DC: AAAS, 1996.
Notes
References
A Data Double-Take: Police Shootings, The National Review, July 6, 2020.
All the Dead We Cannot See, Pacific Standard, December 28, 2018.
Mapping Mexico's Hidden Graves, Science, June 26, 2017.
A New Estimate of Killings of Police Is Way Higher - And Still Too Low, FiveThirtyEight, March 6, 2015.
Data Mining on the Side of the Angels, Wired, December 29, 2013
Doing the Right Stuff for Human Rights, HuffPost, November 19, 2013.
Calculating Body Counts, NPR's On the Media, March 19, 2012
The Body Counter, Foreign Policy Magazine, March 2, 2012
Five Questions with Patrick Ball, Engineering For Change, October 17, 2011
Patrick Ball on the Perils of Misusing Human Rights Data, Forbes, February 17, 2011
The Forensic Humanitarian, The New York Times, February 17, 2008
A Human Rights Statistician Finds Truth In Numbers, The Christian Science Monitor, February 7, 2008
Guatemala: The Secret Files, PBS Frontline/World, May 27, 2008
External links
Human Rights Data Analysis Group - bio
HRDAG Testifies in Guatemala (news story about Ball's April 2013 testimony in the Guatemalan Supreme Court)
Ball, Patrick
Ball, Patrick
Ball, Patrick
Columbia College (New York) alumni
University of Michigan alumni
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
The Drakenstein Municipal Council is the elected unicameral legislature of the Drakenstein Local Municipality in Paarl, Western Cape, South Africa.
The municipal council consists of sixty-five members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Thirty-three councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in thirty-three wards, while the remaining thirty-two are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
The Council was established in the year 2000 and is currently governed by the Democratic Alliance.
Political control
The following parties/coalitions have governed the council:
Portfolio committees
MPAC
Corporate Services
Financial Services
Community Services
Local Labour Forum
Planning and Economic Development
Infrastructure Services
Training and Development
Appeal
Budget Steering
History
From 2000 to 2006, the mayor of the municipality was Christian Johannes George Leander of the NNP. It was divided into twenty-nine wards, with a total of fifty-eight councillors.
After the local government elections of 2006, a coalition was formed by the African National Congress (ANC) and the Independent Democrats (ID), and Charmaine Manuel of the ANC was elected as Mayor with Wilhelm Nothnagel of the ID as Deputy Mayor. The municipality was divided into thirty-one wards, with a total of sixty-one councillors.
In April 2007, the ID broke the coalition, and formed a new coalition with the Democratic Alliance (DA); Koos Louw of the DA was elected Mayor while Nothnagel remained Deputy Mayor.
During the floor crossing period in September 2007, seven councillors (six from the ID, including Nothnagel, and an independent councillor) defected to the ANC, giving the ANC an outright majority (32 of 61 seats) on the council. Charmaine Manuel returned as Mayor, with Nothnagel continuing as deputy.
In the 2011 local government elections the DA managed to turn the tables, and obtained an outright majority on the council, holding 35 seats out of 61. Gesie van Deventer was elected Mayor with Conrad Poole as Deputy Mayor.
In May 2016, Mayor Van Deventer resigned and Deputy Mayor Poole took office as Mayor. Gert Combrink was elected Deputy Mayor.
In the election of 3 August 2016 the Democratic Alliance (DA) obtained a majority of forty-three seats on the council. Conrad Poole was re-elected as Mayor, while Combrink was also re-elected.
Elections
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections and floor-crossing periods.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
October 2002 floor crossing
In terms of the Eighth Amendment of the Constitution and the judgment of the Constitutional Court in United Democratic Movement v President of the Republic of South Africa and Others, in the period from 8–22 October 2002 councillors had the opportunity to cross the floor to a different political party without losing their seats.
In the Drakenstein council, the Democratic Alliance (DA) lost fifteen councillors to the New National Party (NNP), which had formerly been part of the DA. The DA also lost one councillor to the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP), while the ACDP in turn lost two councillors to the African National Congress. The two councillors representing the Alliance for the Community crossed to the NNP.
September 2004 floor crossing
Another floor-crossing period occurred on 1–15 September 2004. Ten of the seventeen NNP councillors crossed to the ANC, three crossed to the Independent Democrats (ID), and two crossed to the DA. One councillor crossed from the African Christian Democratic Party to the Federation of Democrats, a new party.
By-elections from September 2004 to February 2006
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the floor crossing periods in September 2004 and the election in March 2006.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
By-elections from March 2006 to August 2007
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the election in March 2006 and the floor crossing period in September 2007.
September 2007 floor crossing
The final floor-crossing period occurred on 1–15 September 2007; floor-crossing was subsequently abolished in 2008 by the Fifteenth Amendment of the Constitution. In the Drakenstein council, the Independent Democrats lost five councillors to the African National Congress (ANC) and three to the new National People's Party. The single councillor from the Federation of Democrats also crossed to the ANC.
By-elections from September 2007 to May 2011
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the floor crossing period in September 2007 and the election in May 2011.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
By-elections from May 2011 to August 2016
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the elections in May 2011 and August 2016.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
By-elections from August 2016 to November 2021
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the elections in August 2016 and November 2021.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
Notes
References
External links
Drakenstein Municipality inaugurates DA-led council
Drakenstein Local Municipality
Drakenstein
Vane Glacier () is a broad glacier that drains the northeast slopes of Mount Murphy in Marie Byrd Land. It enters Crosson Ice Shelf between Eisberg Head and Boyd Head. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Gregg A. Vane, a U.S. Exchange Scientist at the Soviet station Novolazarevskaya Station in 1972.
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Dystasia subcristata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
Hnialum Lalruatfeli (born 15 July 1996) is an Indian women's hockey player. She was a part of India at the 2016 South Asian Games and the reserve member for the team at 2016 Summer Olympics. She is in reserve athletes in case of injury.
References
External links
Wrong turn to right spot - Mizo girl in golden team
Indian female field hockey players
Living people
1996 births
Sportswomen from Mizoram
Field hockey players from Mizoram
Olympic field hockey players of India
South Asian Games gold medalists for India
South Asian Games medalists in field hockey
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Vick Vanlian (1977-2017) was a Lebanese-Armenian designer and the founder of interior design company Vick Vanlian / V World. He was famed for his upbeat personality and his quirky, boundary-pushing interior designs.
Education
Vanlian graduated with high distinction in 2000 with a degree in Interior Architecture from the Lebanese American University in Beirut. During his time in university, Vanlian began working on design projects at his father's furniture shops, leading to his career in interior design.
Design philosophy
Vanlian claimed that his design philosophy is “Be bold! Design without Fear”. He uses four of the five senses: touch, smell, sight and sound, which he finds to be part of experiencing a certain space, both in interiors or architecture.
Vanlian was known for his use of different materials and styles, his eccentric designs, in addition to his bold show of colours, textures and patterns materialized in a big density of decors. Materials like bike tires, pipes and pedals are some materials used in his work, along with Geometric shapes, bold pop colors and classical elements.
Exhibitions
According to Harper's Bazaar Interiors, Vanlian was one of the "fastest growing names in interiors in the Middle East," showcasing in international design shows including Milan and Paris.
His first furniture collection, V World, was launched in 2012 at the Milan Furniture Fair. He now showcases a minimum of four to five items twice a year at the fair.
Vanlian also hosted various international exhibitions at Vick Vanlian Boutique, local and international artists.
Work
Vanlian's first project was in his second year of university and was a chalet in the Lebanese mountains. Shortly after he graduated, he designed an 800-square-metre Jeddah palace for a member of the Saudi royal family.
Vanlian had signed interiors and special furniture for members of Royal families in the Middle East and for various Middle Eastern pop singers, including Haifa Wehbe and Ragheb Alama.
Among his other commissions, Vanlian has designed a 350.000 euro gem-set leather sofa for a Lebanese celebrity and a private sex room. In March 2017, Vick Vanlian partnered with Zuhair Murad.
Stores
The family name of the Vanlian brand had been established in 1963, with Vanlian Frères and Gallerie Vanlian being the first to launch the name.
In 2004, Vanlian opened Envy Interiors, a Middle East firm in bespoke interiors for residential, business and retail clients.
On September 7, 2012, Vanlian opened a 170 square-meter boutique and gallery in Saifi Village's Quartier Des Arts, where Vanlian displays and sells his experimental designs and his lifestyle collection. Launched at the Milan Furniture Fair, The Vick Vanlian brand is supported by a network of in-house architects, interior architects, concept designers and project managers. Today, Vick Vanlian is one of the Middle East's leading interior design firms known for their "daring take on design".
The boutique includes the ‘Black Room,' a space dedicated to Vanlian's own furniture and accessories selections, created by some of the World's most recognized artists and brands.
Influences
With his first savings punctuate, Vanlian bought a Salvador Dalí piece. In addition to Dalí, Takashi Murakami is one of his favorite artists, claiming that "[the Japanese artist] epitomises Japanese pop culture". French architectural designer Philippe Starck and American designers Charles and Ray Eames are among his favourite designers, Starck for his play of proportions and the Eames for being ahead of their time. He is inspired by the Louis XV era in the 16th Century, the 1920s art-deco scene, the 50s, the 60s futuristic scene, and the 70s.
He also credited Pierre Cardin's avant-garde work (from the sixties and the seventies) as an inspiration to his works.
Vanlian also claimed that fashion is an inspiration to his works.
Family
After fleeing the Armenian genocide, and previously wealthy, Vanlian's parents found themselves bereft of their fortunes, with Bourj Hammoud their new home. Vanlian's father began constructing beds and was very successful, later establishing Vanlian Gallery. Today, Vanlian Gallery has six branches, with the one in Dora being the largest showroom in the Middle East, covering 9000 square meters.
Born into a family of Lebanese furniture entrepreneurs, Vanlian attended his first Milan Furniture Fair at the age of ten with his father. Vanlian lived between Beirut, New York and Montreal.
Death
Vick Vanlian passed away in Beirut on September 11, 2017, after battling cancer.
References
External links
Interview with Vick Vanlian on MTV Lebanon
1977 births
Living people
Armenian artists
Lebanese people of Armenian descent
Interior designers
In mathematics, a form (i.e. a homogeneous polynomial) h(x) of degree 2m in the real n-dimensional vector x is sum of squares of forms (SOS) if and only if there exist forms of degree m such that
Every form that is SOS is also a positive polynomial, and although the converse is not always true, Hilbert proved that for n = 2, 2m = 2 or n = 3 and 2m = 4 a form is SOS if and only if it is positive. The same is also valid for the analog problem on positive symmetric forms.
Although not every form can be represented as SOS, explicit sufficient conditions for a form to be SOS have been found. Moreover, every real nonnegative form can be approximated as closely as desired (in the -norm of its coefficient vector) by a sequence of forms that are SOS.
Square matricial representation (SMR)
To establish whether a form is SOS amounts to solving a convex optimization problem. Indeed, any can be written as
where is a vector containing a base for the forms of degree m in x (such as all monomials of degree m in x), the prime ′ denotes the transpose, H is any symmetric matrix satisfying
and is a linear parameterization of the linear space
The dimension of the vector is given by
whereas the dimension of the vector is given by
Then, is SOS if and only if there exists a vector such that
meaning that the matrix is positive-semidefinite. This is a linear matrix inequality (LMI) feasibility test, which is a convex optimization problem. The expression was introduced in with the name square matricial representation (SMR) in order to establish whether a form is SOS via an LMI. This representation is also known as Gram matrix.
Examples
Consider the form of degree 4 in two variables . We have Since there exists α such that , namely , it follows that h(x) is SOS.
Consider the form of degree 4 in three variables . We have Since for , it follows that is SOS.
Generalizations
Matrix SOS
A matrix form F(x) (i.e., a matrix whose entries are forms) of dimension r and degree 2m in the real n-dimensional vector x is SOS if and only if there exist matrix forms of degree m such that
Matrix SMR
To establish whether a matrix form F(x) is SOS amounts to solving a convex optimization problem. Indeed, similarly to the scalar case any F(x) can be written according to the SMR as
where is the Kronecker product of matrices, H is any symmetric matrix satisfying
and is a linear parameterization of the linear space
The dimension of the vector is given by
Then, is SOS if and only if there exists a vector such that the following LMI holds:
The expression was introduced in in order to establish whether a matrix form is SOS via an LMI.
Noncommutative polynomial SOS
Consider the free algebra R⟨X⟩ generated by the n noncommuting letters X = (X1, ..., Xn) and equipped with the involution T, such that T fixes R and X1, ..., Xn and reverses words formed by X1, ..., Xn.
By analogy with the commutative case, the noncommutative symmetric polynomials f are the noncommutative polynomials of the form . When any real matrix of any dimension r × r is evaluated at a symmetric noncommutative polynomial f results in a positive semi-definite matrix, f is said to be matrix-positive.
A noncommutative polynomial is SOS if there exists noncommutative polynomials such that
Surprisingly, in the noncommutative scenario a noncommutative polynomial is SOS if and only if it is matrix-positive. Moreover, there exist algorithms available to decompose matrix-positive polynomials in sum of squares of noncommutative polynomials.
References
See also
Sum-of-squares optimization
Positive polynomial
Hilbert's seventeenth problem
SOS-convexity
Homogeneous polynomials
Real algebraic geometry
Judas Barsabbas was a New Testament prophet and one of the 'leading men' in the early Christian community in Jerusalem at the time of the Council of Jerusalem in around 50 AD.
Biblical account
He is mentioned in Acts , where he and Silas are described as a "leading men among the brothers" (NIV). Judas and Silas were delegated the task of accompanying Paul and Barnabas to Antioch and delivering the Council's letter resolving the controversy surrounding gentile circumcision.
further describes Judas and Silas as prophets, and says that they "said much to encourage and strengthen the believers." After a stay in Antioch, Judas returned to Jerusalem whereas Silas remained in Antioch.
See also
Acts 15
Judas
Barabbas
References
People in Acts of the Apostles
Lake Clementine (also known as North Fork Lake) is a reservoir on the North Fork American River Canyon above the picturesque, California Gold Rush-era town of Auburn (elevation ) in Northern California. It was created in 1939 when the North Fork Dam, a 155-foot (47 m) tall variable radius arch dam, was completed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, for the purpose of containing gold-mining debris which were washing downriver. This resulting reservoir is a long and narrow lake approximately 3.5 miles long and 300 feet wide in some areas. The lake and surrounding area is owned by the United States Bureau of Reclamation and managed by California Department of Parks and Recreation.
Recreation
The reservoir is open to boat traffic, a water-skiing and wakeboarding spot during the summer. However, it is possible to quietly enjoy the lake for kayaking, rowing, and fishing. It features steep forested canyon walls and contains several large high quality limestone deposits, one large vertical outcropping of which is known as Robbers Roost, and offers climbing and caving opportunities for the adventurous. A popular hiking, running, and mountain biking trail courses from the dam area, continues downstream below the in height Foresthill Bridge, linking Lake Clementine to the North and Middle Forks American River Confluence area below the dam. The trail also connects to a large network of hiking, running, and mountain biking trail systems stretching eastward into the Sierra Nevada mountain range, near Lake Tahoe. Because the dam is designed so that the river flows over its top, a waterfall is created that grows impressively large in winter and spring when rain and snow melt cause high river flows.
Upper Lake Clementine is accessed by car via separate entrance from Lower Lake Clementine or by non-motorized vehicles. Upper Lake Clementine is seasonally opened from May 1 through October 15 from sunrise to thirty minutes before sunset. Accessible down a 1.5 mile switchback unpaved dirt road, there is an expansive day use beach. The day use area consists of large pebble rocky beach along the south side of the lake. Dogs are not allowed. Recreational activities may include canoeing, kayaking, paddle boarding, or gold panning using the hand and pan method. The lower portion of the lake is limited to boat access only and includes a boat in campsite.
Lime Rock
From the lake and some surrounding trails, a prominent geographic feature called "Lime Rock" can be seen. This is a large limestone outcropping which is known locally as "Robber's Roost". During the gold rush days this rock served as a look out point for stage robbers. The bandits had the vantage to determine if the stagecoach had armed guards to protect it and if the stagecoach was vulnerable they would signal an attack. Some historians claim that Black Bart, a notorious stagecoach bandit during the California Gold Rush, lead this gang of Robbers Roost bandits.
Flora and Fauna
Along the shores and surrounding areas the vegetation includes several tree species including various oaks, manzanita (Arctostaphylos manzanita), madrone(Arbutus menziesii), and ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa). Wildflowers such as California Poppy (Eschscholzia californica), a few varieties of Lupin (Lupinus), and winter vetch (Vicia villosa) can also be seen throughout the spring season. There is also a proliferated presence of blackberry (Rubus armeniacus and Rubus ursinus) and poison oak.
Commonly sighted animal species include:
mule deer (Odocoileus hemionus)
turkey (Meleagris gallopavo)
black bear (Ursus americanus)
skunk (Mephitis)
squirrels (Sciurus)
mountain lions (Puma concolor)
Many fish species have been identified in Lake Clementine including:
trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
brown trout (Salmo trutta)
largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides)
smallmouth bass (Micropterus dolomieu)
bluegill (Lepomis macrochirus)
channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus)
green sunfish (Lepomis cyanellus)
Redear sunfish (Lepomis microlophus)
Sacramento pikeminnow (Ptychocheilus grandis)
common carp (Cyprinus carpio)
North Fork Dam
This dam is a variable radius arch dam. There are four types of arch dams: constant radius arch dam, constant angle arch dam, and double curvature arch dam. Variable radius arch dams are engineered with a curve in the dam with variations at each end due to differences in elevation. The upper portion of the dam has a greater radius than the lower portion. This construction is more cost effective than other dam constructions and works best in v-shaped valleys.
Hydraulic mining in the late 19th century led to many issue downstream, including increased sedimentation from mine tailings and rising flood stage. The North Fork Dam was engineered to decrease the amount of sedimentation flowing downstream and as a result flood stages of downstream channels have decreased an average of 4.3 cm/year.
As a result of mining practices, the American River watershed is classified under the Clean Water Act as 303d listed for mercury contamination based on the findings of mercury in fish tissue below the North Fork Dam. Mercury binds to gold and made it easier to extract gold from the sediment washed down from hydraulic mining.
References
External links
Auburn State Recreation Area
United States Geological Survey River Gage
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in California
List of lakes in California
1939 establishments in California
1939 in military history
Infrastructure completed in 1939
20th-century military history of the United States
American River (California)
Auburn, California
Clementine
Clementine
Clementine
United States Army Corps of Engineers
The Liberation Party (, abbreviated PL) is a communist party in Argentina. The party has its roots in the Argentine Socialist Vanguard Party (PSAV). It emerged as the Communist Vanguard (Vanguardia Comunista), evolving into the Marxist–Leninist Communist Party (Partido Comunista Marxista-Leninista) in 1976, before adopting the name PL in 1983. The party publishes Liberación.
After the death of Mao Zedong, the party approved of the changes of political line implemented by Deng Xiaoping.
References
1965 establishments in Argentina
Communist parties in Argentina
Far-left politics in Argentina
Political parties established in 1965
Richard Cohee (November 26, 1939 – October 11, 2013) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Montreal Alouettes, Ottawa Rough Riders, and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He won the Grey Cup with the Tiger-Cats in 1965 and 1967. He played college football at the Reedley College. Cohee died of cancer in 2013.
References
1939 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
2013 deaths
Montreal Alouettes players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Reedley Tigers football players
People from Wichita Falls, Texas
Driekop is a town in Sekhukhune District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
References
Populated places in the Fetakgomo Tubatse Local Municipality
Ethiopia is currently divided into eleven regions and two chartered cities. Each region or chartered city has its own flag and emblem.
List
Addis Ababa
Afar Region (adopted in 2012)
Amhara Region
Benishangul-Gumuz Region
Dire Dawa
Gambela Region
Harari Region
Oromia Region
Sidama Region
Somali Region (adopted in 2018)
South West Ethiopia Region
Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region (adopted in 1994)
Tigray Region (designed in 1990)
Regional flags
Regional emblems
See also
Flag of Ethiopia
Emblem of Ethiopia
Regions of Ethiopia
Regional flag
References
External links
http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/flags/et-.html
Flag of Ethiopia-Britannica
Flags and emblems
Flags of Ethiopia
Ethiopia Regions
Flags
Ethiopia
Osborn Engineering, is an architectural and engineering firm based in Cleveland, Ohio. Founded in 1892, it is noted mostly for designing sports stadiums. More than 100 stadiums have been designed by Osborn, including such famous parks as Fenway Park in Boston, the original Yankee Stadium in New York City, Tiger Stadium in Detroit, and numerous minor league, collegiate, and major league sports facilities in all sports. They also design other structures, including infrastructure and public sector buildings, industrial and manufacturing, and parking structures.
Structures designed by Osborn Engineering
League Park, 1910
Griffith Stadium, 1911
Polo Grounds reconstruction, 1911
Tiger Stadium, 1912
Braves Field, 1915
Comiskey Park renovations, ca 1920
Sportsman's Park renovations, 1922
Kansas City Municipal Stadium, 1923
Yankee Stadium, 1923
Ross–Ade Stadium, 1924
Dill Field, 1925
Notre Dame Stadium, 1929
Ben Hill Griffin Stadium, 1930
Cleveland Municipal Stadium, 1931
Fenway Park renovations, 1934
Milwaukee County Stadium, 1951
Metropolitan Stadium, 1955
RFK Stadium, 1959
WVU Coliseum, 1968
Three Rivers Stadium, 1970
Jacobs Field, 1994
Ohio Stadium 1999-2000 renovations
References
External links
Osborn Architects & Engineers
RPI Alumni Hall of Fame
Engineering companies of the United States
Architecture firms based in Ohio
Companies based in Cleveland
Daxata sumatrensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961. It is known from Sumatra.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1961
George Irving may refer to:
George Irving (American actor) (1874–1961), American film actor and director
George Irving (English actor) (born 1954), British television actor
George S. Irving (1922–2016), American theatre actor
George Vere Irving (1815–1869), Scottish lawyer and antiquary
See also
George Irvine (disambiguation)
George Irwin (disambiguation)
Main Quarry or Castle Hill Quarry is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Mountsorrel in Leicestershire. It is a Geological Conservation Review site.
According to Natural England, this site "is probably the most dramatic and well-developed occurrence of asphaltite in Britain upon which international research into the origin of life on Earth has been carried out."
The site is private land with no public access.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Leicestershire
Geological Conservation Review sites
Graham Lyons (born 28 June 1969) is an Indigenous Australian, and a former professional rugby league footballer who played for South Sydney, Penrith and Balmain in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition. Lyons primarily played on the but spent the majority of the 1989 season in the centres. He is the cousin of fellow rugby league player Cliff Lyons.
Playing career
Lyons made his debut for South Sydney (first grade player number 765) in round 5 1988 against St. George at Belmore Oval. In 1989, Lyons was part of the South Sydney side which won the minor premiership. Lyons played in the club's preliminary final defeat against the Canberra Raiders.
In 1990, Lyons finished as Souths top try scorer but his team endured a horror year on and off the field with the club finishing last on the table.
Lyons was selected for the New South Wales Blues for the three State of Origin games in 1990, starting on the in games II and III. He also played for the Australian Aboriginal side at the 1990 Pacific Cup.
A speedy winger, Lyons was unable to regain the form that earned him selection for New South Wales, moving to Penrith in 1992 and then Balmain where his first grade career ended in 1994. In his first season at Balmain, Lyons finished as the club's top try scorer with ten tries. Lyons final year in the top grade saw Balmain finish last on the table. This was only the fourth time in the club's history in which they had finished last. Lyons last game was in round 22 1994 against the Brisbane Broncos in which Balmain lost 41–6.
Including Lyons appearances for NSW & City, his career total was 100 first grade games & he scored 30 tries.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
Australian rugby league players
New South Wales Rugby League State of Origin players
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Penrith Panthers players
Balmain Tigers players
New South Wales City Origin rugby league team players
Rugby league wingers
Australian Aboriginal rugby league team players
The George Mason University Civil Rights Law Journal is a law review run by students at the George Mason University School of Law. It published one or two issues each academic year from 1990 to 2006–2007, and three issues each year since then. The journal is published by William S. Hein & Co.
History
The journal was established in 1990 in the wake of a rash of Supreme Court cases that undermined and weakened the effectiveness and purpose of the Civil Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 1983). Darrell Jackson, the law journal's first editor-in-chief, prefaced the inaugural volume with the assertion, "[The] Supreme Court will no longer act as a major guardian of minority rights. Because minority groups must now travel the path alone, George Mason University School of Law has created the Civil Rights Law Journal to provide guidance and to serve as a forum for civil rights issues."
The journal is published by a Board of Editors composed of select students at George Mason University School of Law. The journal covers civil rights related topics including race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, free speech, abortion rights, cruel and unusual punishment, search and seizure, voting rights, and rights of the disabled.
Beginning with Volume 20, the journal gives a "Best Note" award for its student-written pieces.
Membership selection
First-year students and second-year evening students with a minimum 2.75 GPA may enter a competitive write-on to join the journal. The selection process takes into account individual's first-year grades, performance in the write-on competition, and Blue Book editing proficiency. The journal offers membership to somewhere between 15-20 percent of the first year law school class.
Symposia and legal panels
Each year, the journal organizes a symposium on a current civil rights issue. In addition, the journal hosts occasional legal panels on a topic in civil rights law.
Impact
In 2007, the journal was ranked sixth amongst student-edited civil rights law journals in the United States by Washington & Lee's law review rankings.
The United States Supreme Court cited Christopher R. Green's The Original Sense of the (Equal) Protection Clause: Subsequent Interpretation and Application (19 Geo. Mason U. C.R. L.J. 219 (2009)) in former Justice Stevens' dissent in McDonald v. City of Chicago.
Notable alumni
The journal's only alumnus to clerk at the Supreme Court of the United States was William Consovoy, who was editor-in-chief of the journal.
Darrell Jackson, the journal's founding editor-in-chief, served several years as George Mason University's Dean for Diversity.
References
External links
American law journals
George Mason University
Publications established in 1990
Triannual journals
English-language journals
Law journals edited by students
Constitutional law journals
The British Consul General to Jerusalem is based at 15 Nashashibi Street in Sheikh Jarrah quarter, Jerusalem. The aim of the Consulate General is to represent the United Kingdom in the Palestinian Territories. The Consulate also has an office in Gaza.
List of Consuls-General
1839–1845: William Tanner Young
1846–1863: James Finn
1863–1890: Noel Temple Moore
1890–1906: John Dickson
1906–1909: Edward C. Blech
1909–1912: Peter J.C. McGregor
There was no Consul-General during World War I since the UK was an enemy of the Ottoman Empire. After the war and until 1948, Palestine was a British mandate territory, with District Commissioners.
1948–1951: Sir Hugh Dow
1951–1953: Herbert R. Gybbon-Monypenny
1957–1959: Andrew C. Stewart
1959–1962: James M. Walsh
1962–1964: Alastair G. Maitland
1964–1967: Hubert N. Pullar
1967–1970: John H. Lewen
1970–1974: John M. O. Snodgrass
1974–1976: Edward E. Key
1976–1980: Michael P.V. Hannam
1980–1984: Donald A. Hamley
1984–1987: Patrick G. de Courcy-Ireland
1987–1990: Ivan R. Callan
1990–1993: David R. MacLennan
1993–1997: Richard J. Dalton
1997–2001: Robin A. Kealy
2001–2003: Geoffrey Adams
2003–2006: Dr. John Jenkins
2007–2010: Richard Makepeace
2010–2013: Sir Vincent Fean
2014–2017: Alastair McPhail
2017–: Philip Hall
Diane Corner, since July 14, 2021.
References
External links
UK and The Occupied Palestinian Territories, gov.uk
Jerusalem
Consuls United Kingdom
United kingdom
National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980 was an American humor book that was published in hardback in December 1979 by Simon & Schuster. Although it appeared to be a regular book, it was a "special issue" of National Lampoon magazine. It was available for purchase on newsstands, not in bookstores. The National Lampoon "special issues" were published in addition to the 12 regular monthly issues of the magazine.
The book was an anthology that consisted of humor pieces, cartoons, and comic strips that were created by many of the National Lampoon's regular contributors.
The book was rapidly re-issued, this time published by National Lampoon and split into two volumes in paperback. The first volume, National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980 Volume I was published in 1979, and the second volume, National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980 Volume II came out in 1980.
References
Amazon listing
Barnes& Noble listing
Both volumes shown here
Tenth Anniversary Anthology
1979 books
Julien Cartron is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from France.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
French motorcycle racers
Living people
1989 births
125cc World Championship riders
Minor loop feedback is a classical method used to design stable robust linear feedback control systems using feedback loops around sub-systems within the overall feedback loop. The method is sometimes called minor loop synthesis in college textbooks, some government documents.
The method is suitable for design by graphical methods and was used before digital computers became available. In World War 2 this method was used to design Gun laying control systems. It is still used now, but not always referred to by name. It is often discussed within the context of Bode plot methods. Minor loop feedback can be used to stabilize opamps.
Example
Telescope position servo
This example is slightly simplified (no gears between the motor and the load) from the control system for the Harlan J. Smith Telescope at the McDonald Observatory. In the figure there are three feedback loops: current control loop, velocity control loop and position control loop. The last is the main loop. The other two are minor loops. The forward path, considering only the forward path without the minor loop feedback, has three unavoidable phase shifting stages. The motor inductance and winding resistance form a low-pass filter with a bandwidth around 200 Hz. Acceleration to velocity is an integrator and velocity to position is an integrator. This would have a total phase shift of 180 to 270 degrees. Simply connecting position feedback would almost always result in unstable behaviour.
Current control loop
The innermost loop regulates the current in the torque motor. This type of motor creates torque that is nearly proportional to the rotor current, even if it is forced to turn backward. Because of the action of the commutator, there are instances when two rotor windings are simultaneously energized. If the motor was driven by a voltage controlled voltage source, the current would roughly double, as would the torque. By sensing the current with a small sensing resister (RS) and feeding that voltage back to the inverting input of the drive amplifier, the amplifier becomes a voltage controlled current source. With constant current, when two windings are energized, they share the current and the variation of torque is on the order of 10%.
Velocity control loop
The next innermost loop regulates motor speed. The voltage signal from the Tachometer (a small permanent magnet DC generator) is proportional to the angular velocity of the motor. This signal is fed back to the inverting input of the velocity control amplifier (KV). The velocity control system makes the system 'stiffer' when presented with torque variations such as wind, movement about the second axis and torque ripple from the motor.
Position control loop
The outermost loop, the main loop, regulates load position. In this example, position feedback of the actual load position is presented by a Rotary encoder that produces a binary output code. The actual position is compared to the desired position by a digital subtracter that drives a DAC (Digital-to-analog converter) that drives the position control amplifier (KP). Position control allows the servo to compensate for sag and for slight position ripple caused by gears (not shown) between the motor and the telescope
Synthesis
The usual design procedure is to design the innermost subsystem (the current control loop in the telescope example) using local feedback to linearize and flatten the gain. Stability is generally assured by Bode plot methods. Usually, the bandwidth is made as wide as possible. Then the next loop (the velocity loop in the telescope example) is designed. The bandwidth of this sub-system is set to be a factor of 3 to 5 less than the bandwidth of the enclosed system. This process continues with each loop having less bandwidth than the bandwidth of the enclosed system. As long as the bandwidth of each loop is less than the bandwidth of the enclosed sub-system by a factor of 3 to 5, the phase shift of the enclosed system can be neglected, i.e. the sub-system can be treated as simple flat gain. Since the bandwidth of each sub-system is less than the bandwidth of the system it encloses, it is desirable to make the bandwidth of each sub-system as large as possible so that there is enough bandwidth in the outermost loop. The system is often expressed as a Signal-flow graph and its overall transfer function can be computed from Mason's Gain Formula.
References
External links
Li, Yunfeng and Roberto Horowitz. "Mechatronics of Electrostatic Microactuators for Computer Disk Drive Dual-Stage Servo Systems." IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics, Vol. 6 No. 2. June 2001.
Dawson, Joel L. "Feedback Systems." MIT.
Large Telescope Conference 1971, contains full text of Dittmar's presentation.
Control theory
Advance was a screw steamer that was wrecked when she sprang a leak whilst carrying tea-tree saplings between Taree, New South Wales and Coopernook. She was lost on the Manning River, New South Wales on 17 June 1933.
The wreck has not been located, but her approximate coordinates are .
References
Further reading
Online Databases
Australian National Shipwreck Database - Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian Shipwrecks - vol1 1622-1850, Charles Bateson, AH and AW Reed, Sydney, 1972, , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 2 1851–1871 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Sydney. Reed, 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 4 1901–1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 5 Update 1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1991 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Mid North Coast Region
Maritime incidents in 1933
Interwar period ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Steamships of Australia
Carl Wilhelm Nordgren (11 May 1804, Stockholm - 9 January 1857, Stockholm) was a Swedish portrait painter and professional trumpeter, for the Life Guards of Horse.
Biography
His father, Gustaf Daniel Nordgren, was a watchmaker. While still quite young, he took a job as a military trumpet player; largely because of his family's poverty, rather than musical aptitude.
He drew and painted as a hobby, and his skills were noticed by Count Magnus Brahe who, in 1828, helped him enroll at the Royal Swedish Academy of Fine Arts. There, he studied portrait painting with Fredric Westin. He participated in the Academy's exhibitions until 1856. On Royal commission, in 1831, he painted a view of Gripsholm Castle
In 1827, he married Johanna Amalia Rautell. Their son, Axel also became a well known painter.
According to his own accounting, he created over 600 original portraits and a large number of copies. He also did some landscapes, genre scenes and religious works, but they are much less familiar. His works may be seen at the Nationalmuseum, the Stockholm City Museum, Nordiska museet, , and Skokloster Castle as well as the in France.
References
Further reading
Svenskt konstnärslexikon, Vol. IV, pg.237, Allhems Förlag, Malmö.
Biography from the Nordisk Familjebok @ Projekt Runeberg
External links
1804 births
1857 deaths
Swedish painters
Swedish portrait painters
Swedish landscape painters
Artists from Stockholm
George Pringle (full name: Georgina Richards-Pringle) is an artist, music producer, Radio DJ, performer, writer and curator from London, UK. She is best known for her stream-of-consciousness style poetry and prose delivered over backing tracks which she creates on GarageBand music software.
Biography
George Pringle was born in London on 28 December 1984 to architect parents (John Pringle & Penny Richards of Pringle Richards Sharratt Architects), and grew up in World's End, Chelsea. She is of English, Scottish and Moroccan (Sephardi and Berber Jewish) descent. She drew constantly from a young age and at the age of 11, went to board at Malvern Girls' College in Worcestershire after winning an Art Scholarship. George studied piano. She first started experimenting with home recording at the age of 16 when she got hold of her older brother's guitar and started making demos on a two deck Karaoke machine at home during the holidays. She then started recording tracks on a French Oral examination tape recorder in the school hall at night using the assembly microphone. She formed a punk band whilst at Malvern.
She studied Fine Art at Oxford Brookes University. It was at University that she discovered GarageBand music software which came on her iBook and started composing electronic music to accompany the poetry and prose that she writes.
In 2006 she caught the attention of Drowned in Sound founder Sean Adams and he started managing her. He featured her debut single "Carte Postale" in the NME Ones to Watch section, launching her career.
She went on to be championed by Laura Barton in The Guardian and more mainstream press ensued with features in The Sunday Times, The Independent, ID Magazine and Dazed & Confused amongst others.
Pringle has recorded live sessions for BBC Radio 1 at Maida Vale as well as featuring on The Verb for BBC Radio 3 and spinning regularly on BBC Radio 6 Music, becoming a favourite of Steve Lamacq and Tom Robinson. She has played Music and Literary Festivals including Reading, Leeds, Bestival, Latitude and Massive Attack's Meltdown Festival, Hull Literary Festival and has also performed at Fabric Nightclub.
At the beginning of 2010, she supported the French band Air on the European leg of their tour, finishing at The Roundhouse in London.
Based in London, she has released two critically acclaimed LPs to date. "Salon des Refuses" (an electro poetry album) and "Golfo dei Poeti" (a conceptual soundtrack album). She also provides the vocals for the track Cutlery Drawer on the Scottish band Errors' 2008 album "It's Not Something But It Is Like Whatever".
She also monologues in Italian alongside Davide Esposito on his cover of "Tornero". Claudia Cardinale also delivers vocals on the record.
From 2011-2013 she toured playing synth and bass for Jeremy Jay, performing at venues in Europe including Primavera Sound. The two also briefly recorded under the name "Eclipse".
George returned to university in 2014 and graduated with an MA in Filmmaking from Goldsmiths in 2015.
In 2018 her story "Bus Stop H and The Ghost" was published in "Bus Fare". An anthology of writing inspired by travelling on the London buses featuring alongside authors such as Charles Dickens and Virginia Woolf.
In 2019 a short film she made, "Waterloo" featured as a part of "Alive in The Universe" at the Venice Biennale.
In 2018 Pringle opened an art gallery in East London. She curates and is Director at Three Colt Gallery, Limehouse, who showcase up and coming artists and create a social space for artists and local community. She has collaborated and co-hosted "Come Hell or High Water", a collective that interacted with the foreshore in Limehouse alongside the Artist, Anne Bean.
During the Pandemic, she hosted a radio show on "BetterDays FM" which focused on industrial, synthwave, Krautrock, Italo, New Wave and Disco amongst other Alt genres.
Releases
"Golfo dei Poeti" (album), March 2013 (self released)
"Salon des Refusés", September 2009 (self released)
"LCD, I love you, but you're bringing me down", Sept 2008 (Trouble Records)
"Poor EP, Poor EP Without a Name", March 2008 (self released)
References
External links
Music video for "LCD I Love You But You're Bringing Me Down"
www.instagram.com/georgepringlestudio
1984 births
Alumni of Oxford Brookes University
English people of Berber descent
English people of Moroccan descent
English people of Jewish descent
English people of Scottish descent
English spoken word artists
Living people
This article contains a list of Ancient names of a few Goan villages and Agraharas.
List
|Vellimpura (Velim)
|Chandrapura (Chandor)
See also
Agrahara
References
"Gomant Kalika"(monthly),published by Kalika Prakashan Vishwast Mandal
"Gomantak Prakruti ani Sanskruti" by B.D. Satoskar,published by Shubhada Publication
"Hindu Temples and deities" by Rui Pereira Gomes
Hinduism in Goa
History of Goa
Villages in Goa
Francesco Postiglione (born 29 April 1972 in Naples) is a former swimmer and water polo player from Italy, who represented his native country at four Summer Olympics: 1992, 1996, 2000 and 2004. At his Olympic debut he competed as a breaststroke swimmer (1992). Four years later he claimed the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, USA.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
RAI Profile
External links
1972 births
Living people
Swimmers from Naples
Italian male swimmers
Italian male water polo players
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Italy
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in water polo
World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Swimmers of Centro Sportivo Carabinieri
Water polo players from Naples
João Carlos Ferreira (born 24 August 1980) is a Luxembourgian footballer. A midfielder, he played twenty times for the Luxembourg national football team.
Club career
Ferreira began his career in 2000 playing for Etzella Ettelbruck. In the same season he won the 2000–01 Luxembourg Cup.
In 2014 Ferreira joined Feulen.
International career
Ferreira first played for Luxembourg in a defeat against Latvia in 2005 and went on to earn twenty caps.
Honours
Luxembourg Cup: 1
2000–01
References
1980 births
Living people
Luxembourgian footballers
Luxembourg international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Etzella Ettelbruck players
People from Ettelbruck
Look at Yourself may refer to:
Look at Yourself (Uriah Heep album)
Look at Yourself (Emmure album)
"Look at Yourself" (song), a 1971 song by Uriah Heep
Road Trip is a 2000 American road sex comedy film directed by Todd Phillips and written by Scot Armstrong and Phillips. The film stars Breckin Meyer, Seann William Scott, Paulo Costanzo, and DJ Qualls as four college friends who embark on an road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a girlfriend.
Plot
Josh Parker and Tiffany Henderson are childhood friends turned high school sweethearts, and try for a long-distance relationship as he goes to the University of Ithaca and she goes to the University of Austin. Eventually their long-distance relationship begins to deteriorate. Josh becomes insecure when he can't regularly reach Tiffany by the phone. Fearing infidelity, Josh begins sending Tiffany video taped messages.
Josh asks his friend, Rubin, to mail his latest tape to Tiffany before leaving for his Ancient Philosophy class. Josh's Ancient Philosophy professor tells him he needs a B+ on his mid-term to pass the class. Josh's best friend, E.L., convinces Josh to stop worrying about Tiffany and notice the beautiful Beth Wagner. Beth is in love with Josh much to the chagrin of Jacob, the Philosophy T.A. who is obsessed with her. Later, E.L. throws a party where he auctions off several female students, including Beth. Scared of Jacob, she convinces Josh to outbid him. Josh and Beth escape to his room and record themselves having sex on his camcorder.
The next morning, Josh tells his friends that he slept with Beth. When his friends don't believe him, Josh mentions that he has ‘evidence.' Josh's friends immediately play his camcorder tape expecting to see Josh and Beth having sex, only to find love letters and songs performed for Tiffany. Josh believes that Rubin mailed the sex tape to Tiffany. Josh then hears a voicemail from Tiffany saying that she hasn't called as her grandfather has died and she will be away from school until Monday.
With E.L. and Rubin, Josh asks Kyle to tag along on a road trip, as he needs his car. Kyle is a shy loner who lives in constant fear of his overly strict father, Earl Edwards, the car's owner. They head out to drive the 1,800 miles to Austin and back in three days, leaving their friend Barry to take care of Mitch, their snake.
After leaving the interstate in Bedford for what they thought was a "shortcut", they find a small bridge collapsed, realizing they will waste five hours backtracking. E.L. and Rubin convince them to jump the gap. Kyle objects but they proceed. They make it across, but the car is wrecked. They continue on foot, stopping at a motel. Rubin tries to buy marijuana from the unsympathetic motel clerk, but is informed that Kyle's credit card is maxed out. Looking for transportation, E.L. persuades a blind woman, Brenda, at a school for the blind, into letting him take a bus for 'repairs', and they resume the journey.
Meanwhile, Kyle's father, Earl, discovers the card is maxed. Believing he's been kidnapped, Earl begins searching for Kyle when told by the police that the car was found wrecked and he is missing. They have a series of misadventures on the way: Kyle loses his virginity at a fraternity; two of them raise money making deposits at a sperm bank; and they visit Barry's grandparents. As Josh's books were destroyed in the car wreck, he calls his professor to ask for an extension on his midterm exam. Jacob answers the phone, impersonating the professor, and granting a fake extension.
While Barry feeds the snake, Beth comes looking for Josh; he tells her Josh has feelings for her. Jacob walks in, telling her Josh is about to fail Philosophy (as he was led to believe he could retake the exam). Mitch bites Barry's hand, causing a vicious struggle, ending with Mitch landing on Jacob, squeezing his neck until he loses consciousness.
Finally getting to Austin and Tiffany's dorm, Josh intercepts the tape, just as she arrives. Earl also bursts in, furious over the car and the credit card, threatening to drag Kyle back with him. Kyle finally stands up to him, stating that he is going back to school with his friends. Earl assaults him and a mini-riot ensues.
Josh and Tiffany retreat to talk, then Beth calls to warn him (he has 48 hours to get back to school or else he will fail his midterm, the course and possibly be kicked out of college – Jacob tricked him). While Josh talks on the phone, Tiffany starts to watch the tape, which luckily is nothing but Barry mooning the camera. She and Josh agree to break up, remaining friends. Then Josh and crew rush back, just in time to take his midterm – with a little help from Beth, who called in a bomb threat.
As Barry closes the movie by completing the visitors' tour, he confirms that: Josh passed the course; Josh and Beth are still together (happily making videos); Jacob eventually dies as result of leading a cult staging a mass suicide, in which no one but himself carried out; Rubin became a successful marijuana cultivator; and lastly relates humorous facts about E.L.'s and Kyle's futures. The credits roll while Barry dry humps a mother from the tour group, in the middle of campus.
Cast
Breckin Meyer as Josh Parker
Seann William Scott as E.L. Faldt
Paulo Costanzo as Rubin Carver
DJ Qualls as Kyle Edwards
Amy Smart as Beth Wagner
Rachel Blanchard as Tiffany Henderson, Josh's long-distance girlfriend
Tom Green as Barry Manilow, the college tour guide and narrator of the film
Anthony Rapp as Jacob Schultz
Fred Ward as Earl Edwards
Andy Dick as Motel Clerk
Ethan Suplee as Ed Bradford
Jaclyn DeSantis as Heather
Jessica Cauffiel as Wrong Tiffany Henderson
Mia Amber Davis as Rhonda
Mary Lynn Rajskub as Blind Brenda
Kohl Sudduth as Mark
Wendell B. Harris Jr. as Professor Anderson
Rini Bell as Carla, Tiffany's roommate
Edmund Lyndeck as Jack Manilow, Barry's grandfather
Ellen Albertini Dow as Mrs. Manilow, Barry's grandmother
Horatio Sanz as French Toast Guy
Rhoda Griffis as Tour Group Mom
Jimmy Kimmel as Corky the dog (voice)
Todd Phillips as Clayton
Production
The fictional 'University of Ithaca' is based on both Ithaca College and Cornell University, each located in Ithaca, New York. Filming took place from October 16, 1999 to December 27, 1999 on the campuses of Woodward Academy, Georgia Tech, Emory University, and the University of Georgia. The university seen in a flyover in the opening scene is actually Harvard University; the same footage was later used in the film Old School in 2003. The diner scene was shot in Lawrenceville, Georgia at the Gwinnett Diner, as it says on the coffee mugs. One of the final scenes of the tour was filmed at Founders Park at the University of Southern California.
Release
Critical reception
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives Road Trip an approval rating of 57% based on 92 reviews. The consensus is: "Some humor is hit or miss, depending on the audience tastes, but the movie is funny overall. Mixed reviews for the cast, especially for MTV's Tom Green." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 55 out of 100 based on 32 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
At the 2000 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards, Green won both Worst Supporting Actor and Most Unfunny Comic Relief for his role in both this film and Charlie's Angels. The film itself also received a nomination for Oldest Looking Teenagers but lost to Remember the Titans.
Box office
The film opened on May 19, 2000, alongside Dinosaur and Small Time Crooks; it was at No. 3 at the North American box office, making US$15,484,004, in its opening weekend.
Sequel
A direct-to-video sequel entitled Beer Pong was released on August 11, 2009, this time by Paramount Famous Productions as Paramount Pictures had acquired DreamWorks' back catalog in its (since undone) 2006 purchase of the company. Only two of the original cast or crew appear in the sequel film, DJ Qualls as Kyle Edwards and Rhoda Griffis as Tour Group Mom.
See also
"Road Trip" (soundtrack)
References
External links
2000 films
2000s comedy road movies
2000s road movies
2000s teen sex comedy films
American road movies
American sex comedy films
American teen comedy films
American comedy road movies
DreamWorks Pictures films
2000s English-language films
Films about fraternities and sororities
Films directed by Todd Phillips
Films set in Austin, Texas
Films set in New York (state)
Films shot in Georgia (U.S. state)
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films shot in Massachusetts
Films shot in New York (state)
Films with screenplays by Todd Phillips
Films with screenplays by Scot Armstrong
The Montecito Picture Company films
2000 directorial debut films
2000 comedy films
2000s American films
The following lists events that happened during 1956 in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Incumbents
Events
January – March
April – June
9 May – Princess Elisabeth marries Franz, Duke of Hohenberg.
24 May – Representing Luxembourg, Michèle Arnaud appears in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958 with the song Ne crois pas. No rankings are stated except the winner: Lys Assia of Switzerland.
10 June – Charly Gaul wins the 1956 Giro d'Italia.
July – September
27 July - The Constitution of Luxembourg is amended to make the terms of all members of the Chamber of Deputies expires on the first Sunday of June 1959. As a result, all members would be elected at the same time, rather than in partial elections.
October – December
29 September - Entry into service of the electrified railway lines between Luxembourg City and Thionville, and Luxembourg City and Arlon.
25 October - The Constitution of Luxembourg is amended in two places to allow for the delegation of constitutional powers to international organisations, in preparation for the creation of the European Economic Community.
27 October - The Saar Treaty is signed in Luxembourg, allowing for the transfer of the Saarland to West Germany.
Births
15 March – Marco Serafini, television director
22 March – Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg
11 May - Claude Lenners, composer
13 August – Gast Waltzing, musician
30 August – Martine Mergen, politician
5 September – Marianne Majerus, photographer
13 September – Lucien Lux, politician
16 October – François Bausch, politician
17 November – Gaston Reinig, soldier and Chief of Defence
Deaths
13 March – Albert Simon, illustrator
16 March – Pierre Braun, jurist and politician
23 March – Adolf Berens, writer
21 October – Joseph Laurent Philippe, bishop
11 December – Nicolas Braunshausen, politician
Footnotes
References
The Romani language has for most of its history been an entirely oral language, with no written form in common use. Although the first example of written Romani dates from 1542, it is not until the twentieth century that vernacular writing by native Romani people arose.
Printed anthologies of Romani folktales and poems began in the 20th century in Eastern Europe, using the respective national scripts (Latin or Cyrillic). Written Romani in the 20th century used the writing systems of their respective host societies, mostly Latin alphabets (Romanian, Czech, Croatian, etc.).
Standardization
Currently, there is no single standard orthography used by both scholars and native speakers. Efforts of language planners have been hampered by the significant dialectal divisions in Romani: the absence of standard phonology, in turn, makes the selection of a single written form problematic.
In an effort to overcome this, during the 1980s and 1990s Marcel Courthiade proposed a model for orthographic unification based on the adoption of a meta-phonological orthography, which "would allow dialectal variation to be accommodated at the phonological and morpho-phonological level". This system was presented to the International Romani Union in 1990, who adopted it as the organization's "official alphabet". This recognition by the International Romani Union allowed Courthiade's system to qualify for funding from the European Commission.
Despite being used in several publications, such as the grammar of Romani compiled by Gheorghe Sarău and the Polish publication Informaciaqo lil, the IRU standard has yet to find a broad base of support from Romani writers. One reason for the reluctance to adopt this standard, according to Canadian Rom Ronald Lee, is that the proposed orthography contains a number of specialised characters not regularly found on European keyboards, such as θ and ʒ.
Instead, the most common pattern among native speakers is for individual authors to use an orthography based on the writing system of the dominant contact language: thus Romanian in Romania, Hungarian in Hungary and so on. A currently observable trend, however, appears to be the adoption of a loosely English-oriented orthography, developed spontaneously by native speakers for use online and through email.
Descriptive linguistics has, however, a long and established tradition of transcription. Despite small differences between individual linguists in the representation of certain phonemes, most adhere to a system which Hancock terms Pan-Vlax.
Latin script
The overwhelming majority of academic and non-academic literature produced currently in Romani is written using a Latin-based orthography. There are three main systems that are likely to be encountered: the Pan-Vlax system, the International Standard and various Anglicised systems.
Pan-Vlax
In most recent descriptive literature, a variety of orthography which Ian Hancock terms Pan-Vlax will likely be used. This orthography is not a single standardised form, but rather a set of orthographical practices which exhibit a basic "core" of shared graphemes and a small amount of divergence in several areas. The Pan-Vlax script is based on the Latin script, augmented by the addition of several diacritics common to the languages of eastern Europe, such as the caron. Sometimes stress is indicated with an acute accent.
In the following table, the most common variants of the graphemes are shown. The phonemes used in the table are somewhat arbitrary and are not specifically based on any one dialect (for example, the phoneme denoted in the table can be realised as , or , depending on dialect):
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Romani "Pan-Vlax" alphabet
!Grapheme
!Phoneme
!Example
|-
!A a
|
|akanik now
|-
!B b
|
|barvalo rich
|-
!C c
|
|círdel he pulls
|-
!Č č
|
|čačo true
|-
!Š SH
|
|šavo boy
|-
!D d
|
|drom road
|-
!Dž dž
|
|džukel dog
|-
!E e
|
|efta seven
|-
!F f
|
|fóro town
|-
!G g
|
|gadžo non-Rom
|-
!H h
|
|herdelézi Saint George's Day
|-
!CH
|
|chal he eats
|-
!I i
|
|jilo heart
|-
!J j
|
|jag fire
|-
!K k
|
|ka where
|-
!Kh kh
|
|khami sunny
|-
!L l
|
|lašhoj good
|-
!M m
|
|manuš man
|-
!N n
|
|anav name
|-
!O o
|
|oxto eight
|-
!P p
|
|paramísi fairy tale
|-
!Ph ph
|
|phabaj apple
|-
!R r
|
|rakli non-Romani girl
|-
!S s
|
|somnakaj gold
|-
!Š š
|
|šukar beautiful
|-
!T t
|
|pohari cup
|-
!Th th
|
|them land
|-
!U u
|
|vušt lip
|-
!V v
|
|vurdon cart
|-
!Z z
|
|zor power
|-
!Ž ž
|
|žoja Thursday
|-
|}
The use of the above graphemes is relatively stable and universal, taking into account dialectal mergers and so on. However, in certain areas there is somewhat more variation. A typically diverse area is in the representation of sounds not present in most varieties of Romani. For example, the centralised vowel phonemes of several varieties of Vlax and Xaladitka, when they are indicated separately from the non-centralised vowels, can be represented using ə, ъ or ă. Another particularly variant area is the representation of palatalised consonants, which are absent from a number of dialects. Some variant graphemes for include tj, ty, ć, čj and t᾿. Finally, the representation of the second rhotic, which in several dialects has been merged with , tends to vary between ř, rr, and rh, and sometimes even gh, with the first two being the most frequently found variants.
International Standard
The International Standard orthography, as devised by Marcel Courthiade and adopted by the International Romani Union, uses similar conventions to the Pan-Vlax system outlined above. Several of the differences are simply graphical, such as replacing carons with acute accents, transforming č š ž into ć ś ź, and acute accents with grave accents. However, its most distinctive feature is the use of "meta-notations", which are intended to cover cross-dialectal phonological variation, particularly in degrees of palatalisation; "morpho-graphs", which are used to represent the morphophonological alternation of case suffixes in different phonological environments; and a double dot (¨) to indicate a centralized vowel.
The "meta-notations" are ćh, ʒ, and the caron (ˇ; named ćiriklo after the word for bird), the realisation of which varies by dialect. The first two are respectively pronounced as and in the first stratum but in the third stratum. The caron on a vowel represents palatalisation; ǒ and ǎ are pronounced and in Lovaricka, but in Kalderash.
The three "morpho-graphs" are ç, q. and θ, which represent the initial phonemes of a number of case suffixes, which are realised , and after a vowel and , and after a nasal consonant.
Anglicised
The English-based orthography commonly used in North America is, to a degree, accommodation of the Pan-Vlax orthography to English-language keyboards, replacing those graphemes with diacritics with digraphs, such as the substitution of ts ch sh zh for c č š ž'''. This particular orthography seems to have arisen spontaneously as Romani speakers have communicated using email, a medium in which graphemes outside the Latin-1 charset have until recently been difficult to type. In addition, it is this orthography which is recommended for use by Romani scholar and activist Ronald Lee.
Romani in Macedonia
Romani in Macedonia is written with the following alphabet:
This alphabet is used in the educational system in Macedonia for Romani-speaking students.
noted that the following alphabet is used by Romani people in Macedonia and Serbia (Kosovo):
Finnish Romani
Finnish Romani (or Finnish Kalo) is written with the following alphabet:
The letters in parentheses are only used in loanwords and are therefore not always part of the alphabet. The digraphs dž, kh, ph, th, and tš are used, but are not letters of the alphabet. Š and Ž'' are only used in these digraphs.
Cyrillic script
Greek script
In Greece, for instance, Romani is mostly written with the Greek alphabet (although very little seems to be written in Romani in Greece).
Arabic script
The Arabic script has also been used, for example, in Iran. More importantly, the first periodical produced by Roma for Roma was printed in the Arabic script in the 1920s in Edirne in Turkey. It was called "Laćo" which means "good".
Comparison of alphabets
See also
Writing system
Romani language
Notes
References
Suggested further reading
Alphabets
Latin alphabets
Cyrillic alphabets
Orthographies by language
fr:Romani#Écriture
Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe (English: The Luncheon on the Grass) is a 1863 painting by Édouard Manet.
Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe or Luncheon on the Grass may also refer to:
Déjeuner sur l'herbe (album), album by Les Breastfeeders
Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe (Monet, Moscow), 1867 painting by Claude Monet
Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe (Monet, Paris), 1866 painting by Claude Monet
Le déjeuner sur l'herbe: les trois femmes noires, 2010 painting by Mickalene Thomas
The Luncheon on the Grass (film), 1979 musical film
See also
Picnic on the Grass, 1959 comedy film
Poyraz, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The Corn Belt derecho was a progressive derecho which affected a large area of the central United States on June 29, 1998. In the morning, thunderstorms, including a supercell, developed over South Dakota and tracked into central Iowa. As the thunderstorms reached central Iowa, a strong rear-inflow jet developed which caused the thunderstorm to take on a different characteristic, becoming a derecho. It traveled more than 600 miles in about ten hours, causing more than $125 million worth of widespread damage destruction, especially to crops, and was responsible for power outages to nearly a half a million people.
Meteorological synopsis
At 1200 UTC (7:00 am. CDT), a stationary front extended from South Dakota to Southern Michigan, bringing warm and humid to its South. Temperature was around at this early hour and the dew point was at . At 850 mb, the southwesterly flow was maintaining this situation while at higher levels the flow was turning to the northwest, bringing drier and colder air. Daytime heating would increase the instability of the airmass and the CAPE was expected to reach a strong 3689 J/kg. At the same time, there was relatively weak synoptic-scale forcing, the surface flow being a barometric col.
Along the front in South Dakota, an unorganized area of thunderstorms formed by 9:00 a.m. CDT. They rapidly organized and spread along the front, moving east-southeast into northeast Nebraska. By midday, the storms reached northwestern and north central Iowa, supercells among them, while forming an west–east band and assuming a bow echo shape.
In the early afternoon, a second area of thunderstorms formed west of Des Moines and merged with the original bow echo line which accelerating east-southeast into Illinois by 4:00 p.m. The line evolved into a classic large scale bow echo, showing a "book end vortex" on its northern end, becoming a progressive derecho. Damage, especially to crops and trees, became continuous from the Iowa border into Indiana as most of the damage was produced by strong straight-line winds on the leading edge of the gust front. Some embedded supercells, showing smaller-scale vortices on radars, produced narrower corridors of more intense damage, with measured wind gusts up to at least .
The derecho crossed central and southern Indiana during the early to mid evening while its highest wind gusts decreased somewhat compared with those observed earlier in the day. The system became a roughly west–east arc and turned more southward as it moved into Kentucky by late evening, dissipating gradually
Impact
By the end of the morning, the thunderstorms produced hail up to the size of hen's eggs and locally damaging wind in Nebraska. By mid-day, supercells along the bow echo in Iowa began to produce very strong winds, up to tennis ball-sized hail, and several mostly short-lived tornadoes. On Doppler weather radar, a large fast-moving mesocyclone associated of the track of a supercell was nearly in contact with the ground as it moved from southwest Boone County east-southeast across the northern and eastern parts of the Des Moines metro area.
Over the Davenport, Iowa NWS Weather Office area of responsibility, numerous reports of wind gusts ranging from 80 to 100 mph were received. The highest measured wind gust of was reported in Washington, Iowa near coordinates . This was the highest unofficial recorded wind gust in the history of the state of Iowa until the August 2020 Midwest derecho. At the same moment, the area of green in the radar display to the right shows the velocities toward the weather radar. The lighter shade, beneath the orange arrow, represented Doppler-estimated mean wind speeds in excess of all along the gust front, and the yellow circle are mesocyclone detections.
In Illinois, railroad cars were toppled, steel power transmission towers were bent, and many buildings were seriously damaged during the afternoon. By the evening into Indiana, hundreds of trees were uprooted in the Bedford and Indianapolis areas, two semi-trailer trucks were blown off Interstate 65 near Columbus. By late evening, damage into Kentucky was minimal, mostly limited to toppled trees and several blown off roofs.
Along with the long-lived derecho, 20 tornadoes were reported, one of which was an F2 tornado, injuring 85 people in central Iowa. Over eight states, the derecho and associated tornadoes killed one person and injured 174.
See also
List of derecho events
Tornadoes of 1998
August 2020 Midwest derecho
References
External links
Storm Prediction Center's 'About Derechos' web page summary of the event by Stephen Corfidi
NWS Quad Cities overview
Copy from the above referenced website.
F2 tornadoes
Tornadoes of 1998
Derechos in the United States
1998 natural disasters in the United States
1998 meteorology
Natural disasters in Iowa
June 1998 events in the United States
Octodrine (also known as Vaporpac or DMHA) is a stimulant drug whose pharmacology was studied in a dozen animal studies from the 1940s through the 1970s. These studies found that octodrine can increase blood pressure and cardiac output in animals. The drug was previously approved for use by the FDA as an inhalant (i.e., Vaporpac and Tickle Tackle Inhaler) and in Germany as an oral agent as part of a multicomponent medication (i.e., Ambredin and Ordinal), but is no longer available.
DMHA has also been found as an adulterant in sports supplements and is sold online as a designer drug.
Related designer drugs
Methylhexanamine
1,3-Dimethylbutylamine (DMBA)
References
Drugs acting on the nervous system
Stimulants
Abandoned drugs
Alkylamines
Donald Heenan (25 November 1908 – 14 June 1961) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Otago between 1928 and 1930.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1908 births
1961 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Gore, New Zealand
Musscher or van Musscher is a Dutch surname that may refer to
Jacob van Musscher (1580–1623), Dutch painter
Michiel van Musscher (1645–1705), Dutch painter
Johannes Hendricus van Musscher (1924–1989), Dutch singer known as Johnny Jordaan
Steef van Musscher (1902–1986), Dutch Olympic triple jumper
Dutch-language surnames
Bridgepoint may refer to:
Bridgepoint Group, a European private equity firm
Bridgepoint Education, an American for-profit educational services holding company
Holiday Bowl, an NCAA college football bowl game formerly known as the Bridgepoint Education Holiday Bowl
Bridgepoint Health, a Toronto hospital and research centre
Bridgepoint Historic District, listed on the NRHP in Somerset County, New Jersey
Melih Okutan (born 1 July 1996) is a Turkish football player who plays for Samsunspor as a winger.
Club career
He made his Süper Lig debut for Fenerbahçe on 19 May 2016 in a game against Sivasspor.
References
External links
1996 births
Sportspeople from İzmit
Living people
Turkish footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Turkey under-21 international footballers
Association football wingers
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
Anadolu Üsküdar 1908 footballers
Boluspor footballers
Kayserispor footballers
Samsunspor footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
The Bank of England Act 1708 (7 Ann c 30) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain. It was one of the Bank of England Acts 1694 to 1892.
This Act is chapter 7 in Ruffhead's Edition and the old editions and chapter VII in common printed editions.
Sections 66 to 68 are sections 61 to 63 in Ruffhead's Edition.
The Bank of England Act 1708, except sections 1 to 5, 60, 61, 66 to 68, 70, 75 and 77, was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1867.
Title
The title, from "and for raising" to the end of the title, was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1887.
Preamble
The preamble was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892.
Section 1
This section was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892.
Section 2
This section was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892.
Section 3
This section was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892.
Section 4
This section was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892.
Section 5
This section is section 2 in Ruffhead's Edition. This section was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892.
Section 60
This section is not printed in Ruffhead's Edition. This section was repealed by section 3(4) of, and Schedule 3 to, the Bank of England Act 1946.
Section 61
This section was repealed by section 3(4) of, and Schedule 3 to, the Bank of England Act 1946.
Section 66
This section was repealed by section 1 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.
Section 67
This section down to "persons, and that" and from "and the said allowances" down to "governor and company" and from "allowances and" down to "governor and company as aforesaid" was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892. This section was repealed by section 1 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.
Section 68
This section was repealed by section 8(3) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Bank Act 1892.
Section 70
This section is section 65 in Ruffhead's Edition. This section was repealed by section 3(4) of, and Schedule 3 to, the Bank of England Act 1946.
Section 75
This section is section 70 in Ruffhead's Edition. This section was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1887.
Section 77
This section is section 72 in Ruffhead's Edition. This section was repealed by section 3(4) of, and Schedule 3 to, the Bank of England Act 1946.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1708
Bank of England
Repealed Great Britain Acts of Parliament
Banking legislation in the United Kingdom
1708 in economics
Banking in Great Britain
John Chatham (16 October 1866 – 28 February 1925) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Napoleons to farmer James Chatham and Margaret Hanlon. He worked in various sawmills and as a contractor before buying land at Rokewood Junction and becoming a leading wheat farmer. On 25 August 1897 he married Ellen McGrath, with whom he had four children. He was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly at a by-election in 1913, representing Grenville as a member of the Labor Party. He was expelled for supporting conscription in the 1916 Labor split, and did not run for re-election in 1917. Chatham died in 1925 in Ballarat.
References
1866 births
1925 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Simeri Crichi () is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography
The town is bordered by Catanzaro, Sellia, Sellia Marina and Soveria Simeri.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Ján Vályi or János Vályi (22 September 1837 – 19 November 1911) was a Slovak Greek Catholic hierarch. He was the bishop of Slovak Catholic Eparchy of Prešov from 1883 to 1911.
Born in Vencsellő, Austrian Empire (present day – Hungary) in 1837, he was ordained a priest on 26 October 1865. He was appointed as the Bishop of Eparchy by the Holy See on 15 March 1883. He was consecrated to the Episcopate on 20 May 1883. The principal consecrator was Bishop Ivan Pasteliy, and the principal co-consecrator were Bishop Juraj Čásky and Bishop Lörinc Schlauch.
He died in Prešov on 19 November 1911.
References
1837 births
1911 deaths
19th-century Eastern Catholic bishops
20th-century Eastern Catholic bishops
Slovak Greek Catholic bishops
Yanal Bog () is a 1.6 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest on the southern edge of the North Somerset Levels, just north of the village of Sandford, North Somerset. It was notified as an SSSI in 1988.
Site description
Yanal Bog is a calcicolous lowland mire. Underlying the site are gravels and clay alluvium. Above these sits a layer of peat. This results in a high water table, creating a distinct domed landscape feature.
Biological interest
The plant communities of the mire are nationally rare in Britain, and support two species, Black Bog-rush (Schoenus nigricans) and Blunt-flowered Rush (Juncus subnodulosus), that have restricted distributions in south-west England, and a number of species that are localised in the North Somerset area. Surrounding the raised mire is a belt of grassland; although this is included within the SSSI, it is largely made up of common grass and herb species.
In the community in the western part of the mire, Blunt-flowered Rush, Purple Moor-grass (Molinia caerulea) and Carnation Sedge (Carex panicea) are abundant species, and this part of the mire is characterised by the presence of a number of species that favour base-rich conditions. Black Bog-rush is locally abundant along a wet drainage ditch in this western part of the site. In the eastern part of the mire Purple Moor-grass and Blunt-flowered Rush are again abundant, but the abundant sedge species are Lesser Pond-sedge (Carex acutiformis) and Greater Pond-sedge (Carex riparia). Common Reed (Phragmites australis) and Marsh Horsetail (Equisetum palustre) are also frequent. This part of the site supports plant species associated with more neutral conditions.
The site has a species-rich flora; species that occur here but are localised or confined to specialised habitats in North Somerset are Flea Sedge (Carex pulicaris), Saw-wort (Serratula tinctoria), Meadow Thistle (Cirsium dissectum), Marsh Valerian (Valeriana dioica), Dyer's Greenweed (Genista tinctoria), Marsh Arrowgrass (Triglochin palustris), Southern Marsh-orchid (Dactylorhiza praetermissa), Fen Bedstraw (Galium uliginosum), Devil's-bit Scabious (Succisa pratensis) and Tawny Sedge (Carex hostiana) and Tufted-sedge (Carex elata).
See also
Max Bog, a similar SSSI to the southwest of Yanal Bog
Sources
English Nature citation sheet for the site (accessed 15 July 2006)
External links
English Nature (SSSI information)
Site boundary at "Nature on the Map" website
Bogs of England
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in North Somerset
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1988
Dead capital is an economic term related to property which is informally held, is not legally recognized, and cannot be exchanged for financial capital. The uncertainty of ownership decreases the value of the asset and/or the ability to lend or borrow against it. These lost forms of value are dead capital.
The term dead capital was coined by Peruvian Economist Hernando de Soto Polar. De Soto estimated in 2015 that 5.3 billion of 7.3 billion people globally – over seventy percent of the world's population – hold dead capital that is worth US$ 9.3 trillion in assets. This dead capital owned by poor or middle-class people in emerging economies cannot be realized due to poor policies, ineffective procedures, or bureaucracy. If these assets in the informal sector were recognized and brought into the mainstream market economy, they could possibly become the key to fostering development.
Economic impact
The economic impacts of dead capital are immense; only well-connected people have the ability to use their capital and join it together with other assets and create surplus value for further investment. Only these people can get life, educational, medical or property and casualty insurance and thus shield themselves from any problems. Only they can obtain unsecured loans (or even secured loans) after providing proper evidence of their property claims. The legal morass that complicates the property system disables them from being connected to the world. This then leaves a massive shadow economy which although very wealthy, does not fully contribute to the economy and does not help its participants fully achieve their potential.
De Soto argued that those living in poverty should be provided titles to the land, homes and businesses they live, recognized as dead capital without being legally registered, which would bring vitality to the assets and grant poor individuals the opportunity to build wealth and generate income. He also believed that instability surrounding property rights was a leading reason for conflict internationally.
Reception
World Bank Country Manager for Serbia Loup Brefort advocated for the idea of dead capital to promote real estate assets among Serbians. PricewaterhouseCoopers also recommended utilizing real estate in Nigeria to obtain assets, estimating that there existed $300–900 billion of potential residential property in the country as dead capital. In the South Carolina Lowcountry, the United States Forest Service visited the concept of dead capital while attempting to manage heir property – land owned by two or more people that usually have a common ancestor who died without leaving a will – in the region.
One main argument against dead capital is that bestowing assets on poor individuals for the intention of lending makes them vulnerable to predatory lending. According to former United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Right to Housing Raquel Rolnik, "Formal titles are more important for financial expansion than for the rights of people", stating that "good housing policy is diversified and can mobilize different tenure arrangements, not only private property". She cited de Soto's policies that were enacted in Peru, saying that poor individuals who received land titles did not take out loans on their property.
Some scholars including Daniel W. Bromley, Tor A. Benjaminsen, Stein Holden, Christian Lund, Espen Sjaastad, Ruth Meinzen-Dick and Esther Mwangi believe that de Soto's ideas cannot be utilized in countries that are not part of the Western world. Entities competing for the ownership of dead capital also raised concerns, especially when regulators administering titles preferred one entity over another out of self-interest. Other critics also argue that the wealthy have already amassed so much of the resources and land on Earth that it does not deter them from taking advantage of those given titles.
Groups working to solve the dead capital problem
World Bank (PSD initiative)
Institute for Liberty and Democracy
Center for Live Capital
Free Market Foundation of South Africa
References
Capital (economics)
Property law
Real property law
List of events from the year 2021 in Kenya.
Incumbents
President: Uhuru Kenyatta
Monthly events
Ongoing – COVID-19 pandemic in Kenya
January to March
8 January
COVID-19 pandemic: 97,954 positive cases, 80,671 recoveries to date.
The United Nations releases Sh164 million (US$1.5 million) to fight locusts.
25 January – Mansur Mohamed Surur is extradited to the United States for smuggling of rhinoceros horns and of elephant ivory were valued at more than USD $7 million.
28 January – Kenya orders 118 armored Katmerciler Hızır vehicles from Turkey at a price of €60 million (USD $73 million).
4 February – Gregory Dow, 61, a Christian missionary from Lancaster, Pennsylvania is sentenced to 15 years in prison for sexually abusing four underage girls at an orphanage he founded near Boito.
9 March – U.S. national Isaac Sturgeon, 32, is deported to JFK Airport in New York after being charged in crimes related to the January 2021 Washington riot.
24 March – The government orders the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to close the Dadaab and the Kakuma refugee camps, home to 410,000 refugees.
25 March – Three DJs on ″Homeboyz Radio Lift-Offare″ are suspended after blaming Eunice Wangari, 20, for getting pushed out of a 12-story window while resisting sexual advances.
Sports
18-21 and 23-26 March — Kenya Open and Kenya Savannah Classic (golf) at Karen Country Club in Nairobi
17–22 August — 2021 World Athletics U20 Championships
23 August — Tusker FC wins The 2020–21 FKF Premier League.
24 August–5 September — Kenya at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Deaths
6 February – Hosea Kiplagat, 76, politician and philanthropist.
15 February – John Oyioka, politician, MP (20172021).
22 February – Two Rothschild's giraffes; electrocuted
22 March – Lorna Irungu, 50–51, television presenter and media relations executive; COVID-19.
29 March – Sarah Onyango Obama, 99, educator and philanthropist, grandmother of former U.S. President Barack Obama; complications from diabetes and a stroke.
8 September - Orie Rogo Manduli, 73, Politician.
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in Africa
Al-Shabaab (militant group)
African Continental Free Trade Area
International Conference on the Great Lakes Region
References
External links
allAfrica (Kenya), AllAfrica news website
The Standard (newspaper)
The Star (newspaper)
UK-Africa trade: What will Brexit change? (by Kate Hairsine, DW, January 18, 2021)
How the Nairobi Expressway is changing Kenya's capital (BBC News, 13 Feb 2021)
2020s in Kenya
Years of the 21st century in Kenya
Kenya
2021 in Africa
St. Mary's Seminary and University is a Catholic seminary located within the Archdiocese of Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland; it was the first seminary founded in the United States after the Revolution and has been run since its founding by the Society of the Priests of Saint Sulpice.
History
In consequence of the threatening aspect of affairs in France, Rev. J. A. Emery, Superior-General of the Sulpicians, deemed it prudent to found a house of their institute in some foreign country, and at the suggestion of Cardinal Antonio Dugnani, nuncio at Paris, the United States was chosen. Negotiations were opened with the recently consecrated Bishop John Carroll of Baltimore, Maryland, and after some delay Rev. Francis C. Nagot, S.S., was named first director of the projected seminary. With him were associated Michael Levadoux as treasurer, MM. Tessier, Gamier, and Montdésir, together with several seminarians.
The Sulpicians, fleeing the French Revolution, sailed from Saint Malo on 8 April 1791. Also on board was François-René de Chateaubriand. They arrived in Baltimore on 10 July. They purchased the One Mile Tavern on the edge of the city, dedicated the house to the Blessed Virgin, and in October opened classes with five students whom they had brought from France. This was the beginning of St. Mary's, the first American seminary.
With the help of Bishop John Carroll and others, the Sulpicians were able to purchase additional property adjoining the One Mile Tavern and build St. Mary's College and Seminary on North Paca Street at the developed northwest edge of the newly incorporated city. St. Mary's Seminary Chapel was built. St. Mary's was additionally chartered as a civil college by the State of Maryland in 1805 (1806?). It was operated until 1852 by the Sulpicians religious order and graduated hundreds of young men and formed an important educational role in the growing city during the first half of the 19th century.
St. Mary's was established as a theological seminary in 1822 by Pope Pius VII, when it was authorized as the first ecclesiastical faculty in the United States with the right to grant degrees in the name of the Holy See. The seminary continued to be operated by the Sulpicians. In addition, it maintains an ecclesiastical faculty today.
The under-graduate secular St. Mary's College closed in 1852 and Archbishop Kenrick asked the Jesuits to oversee the formation of a school. Construction of Loyola High School began on Charles Street in early 1852, and on September 15, 1852, the school enrolled its first students. That same year saw the opening of Loyola College in two small rented townhouses on Holliday Street, between East Lexington and East Fayette Streets.
The influence of the St. Mary's Seminary increased in the late 19th century under the leadership of Alphonse Magnien, who served as superior of the school from 1878 to 1902.
St. Mary's Seminary and now University moved to a large 40-acre, park-like campus at the southwest intersection of Roland and Belvedere (later Northern Parkway) Avenues in the Roland Park section of northern Baltimore City in 1929, with the construction of its present Beaux ArtsClassical Revival style, central main building, designed by the firm of Maginnis & Walsh of Boston, which is set far back to the west from Roland Avenue across a great grass lawn. The lawn was used as a helicopter pad for leaving to the local airport following the several days of the 1995 Baltimore visit by Pope John Paul II.
In 1968, reflecting a more ecumenical and outgoing spirit from the Second Vatican Council and with educational partnerships with neighboring Christian traditions/denominations of (Protestant and Eastern Orthodox) in the City and central Maryland region, plus having additional space and resources due to a decline in the number of priests in formation by the late 1960s, an "Ecumenical Institute of Theology" was established in 1968 with a separate board of trustees of lay and clergy members from the Catholic and other partnering faiths and a separate dean/director and began offering courses, programs, events with library resources and religious training on a graduate-level to the laity and clergy of the area, which has since greatly raised the academic levels and religious discourse in the following four decades.
In 1974, the institution's name was changed to "St. Mary's Seminary and University" to reflect its expanded departments and graduate degree programs.
During his famous visit to the "Premier See" of Baltimore in 1995, the first by any Bishop of Rome, Pope John Paul II, visited briefly and prayed at the Seminary Chapel and used the spacious front lawn to lift off in his papal helicopter ending his tour of the archdiocese and its city.
Father Robert F. Leavitt retired as long-time president/rector in spring 2007, having served at that position for 27 years—the longest tenure of any president/rector in the school's history. The Seminary's alumni have gone on to reach bishop's positions and form leading teaching roles in various theological seminaries of the Church in many cities and towns of the United States.
Architecture
St. Mary's Seminary Chapel
St. Mary's Seminary Chapel, a Neo-Gothic style church designed by French architect J. Maximilian M. Godefroy was built in 1806. The bricks were originally intended for the Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, but when Bishop Carroll decided to construct his cathedral in stone, the bricks were purchased by his cousin, Charles Carroll of Carrollton, and donated to the Sulpicians.
Elizabeth Ann Seton, founder of the Sisters of Charity, pronounced vows of chastity and obedience to John Carroll for one year in the lower chapel on Paca Street on March 25, 1809.
The chapel's basement was used for services for members of the Afro-Haitian Catholic community who had left Santo Domingo because of the Haitian Revolution. The old Godefroy Chapel is now St. Mary's Spiritual Center and Historic Site.
Mother Seton House
Mother Seton House is a historic home located on the grounds of St. Mary's Seminary adjacent to the Seminary Chapel. Around 1806, Elizabeth Ann Seton met Abbé Louis William Valentine DuBourg when he was preaching in New York. DuBourg was at that time president of St. Mary's College, and was interested in establishing a small school for children. With the concurrence of Bishop Carroll, he invited Seton to Baltimore, where her sons were enrolled in the college. She arrived on June 16, 1808, and spent one year as a school mistress, before relocating to Emmitsburg.
St. Elizabeth Ann Seton, lived at the nearby house while she was briefly living in Baltimore during 1806 to 1809; it was later named for her and now contains some historical and biographical exhibits on her life and work. It is the only part of the first group of original seminary/college buildings in Georgian/Federal red brick style from the 1810s which were later razed and a second set of Seminary buildings in a Victorian/French Second Empire style of architecture were erected on the same site facing east on North Paca Street in 1878 and surrounded the original Chapel that is remaining on Paca facing west, into the 21st century.
Institutes and facilities
The Knott Library (endowed by industrialist, contractor/builder, and philanthropist Henry J. Knott) at St. Mary's Seminary and University houses the collected papers of Fr. Raymond E. Brown S.S. (S.T.B., 1951), an eminent Johannine scholar and St. Mary's graduate.
St. Mary's Ecumenical Institute, founded in 1968, offers graduate degrees and certificates; it supports a diverse adult learning environment of different ethnicities and denominations. Dr. Brent Laytham, formerly of North Park University, is the E.I.'s dean, succeeding Dr. Michael J. Gorman. Gorman remains on the faculty as the inaugural Raymond E. Brown Professor of Biblical Studies and Theology.
In May 2012, N. T. Wright was the keynote speaker for the graduating class at the E.I. and was himself awarded an honorary degree.
Notable alumni
William O. Brady, (1899–1961), Archbishop of Saint Paul and Minneapolis, in St. Paul, Minnesota
Raymond E. Brown,(1928-1998), biblical/theological scholar of the Sulpician Fathers, served at the nominally Protestant-led, famous Union Theological Seminary in New York City
Edward Mann Butler, (1784–1855), first president of the University of Louisville, in Louisville, Kentucky
Patrick Joseph Byrne, (1888-1950), Maryknoll Missionary who served as Apostolic Delegate to the Republic of Korea, in Seoul
James Carroll, (1791–1873), U.S. Representative (Congressman) in the twenty-sixth United States Congress (relative of Bishop John Carroll of the Diocese and later Archdiocese of Baltimore), in Baltimore, Maryland
Samuel Eccleston, (1801–1851), fifth Archbishop of Baltimore, (1831-1854), Baltimore, Maryland
Terence P. Finnegan, (1904–1990), Chief of Chaplains of the U.S. Air Force, at The Pentagon, U.S. Department of Defense, Washington, D.C.
John Samuel Foley, (1833–1918), Bishop of Detroit, in Detroit, Michigan
James Cardinal Gibbons, (1834–1921), ninth Cardinal Archbishop of Baltimore, (1877-1921) in Baltimore, Maryland
Benjamin Ignatius Hayes, (1815–1877), lawyer, resided in Los Angeles, elected first California District Court Judge of the newly established "First Judicial District of California" from 1852 to 1864 for the southern California Counties of Los Angeles, San Diego and San Bernardino Counties. Writer/Author about early California province, republic and state history plus legal practices, law and precedents.
Peter Leo Ireton, (1882–1958), Bishop of Richmond, in Richmond, Virginia
John Joseph Kain, (1841–1903), Archbishop of Saint Louis, in St. Louis, Missouri
Edward Kavanagh, (1795–1844), seventeenth Governor of Maine at the State Capitol, in Augusta, Maine
Cornelius Leary (1813-1893), U.S. Representative in the 37th U.S. Congress
William Francis Malooly, (born 1944), current Bishop of Wilmington in Wilmington, Delaware
Thomas Mardaga, (1913–1984), sixth Bishop of Wilmington in Wilmington, Delaware
Joseph Maskell (1939–2001), Catholic priest accused of sexual abuse
William Matthews, (1770–1854), seventh President of Georgetown College and first British-American-born Catholic priest
Michael J. McGivney, (1852–1890), American Catholic priest based in New Haven, Connecticut, founded the Knights of Columbus
Edward Mooney, (1882–1958), Cardinal Archbishop of Detroit, in Detroit, Michigan
Martin John O'Connor, (1900–1986), bishop and rector of the Pontifical North American College, at Vatican City, in Rome, Italy
Bernard O'Reilly, (1803–1856), Bishop of Hartford, in Hartford, Connecticut
Patrick Thomas O'Reilly, (1833–1892), first Bishop of Springfield in Springfield, Massachusetts
Richard Phelan (1828–1904), Bishop of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Edward Coote Pinkney, (1802–1828), poet, lawyer, sailor, professor, and editor
John Baptist Pitaval, (1858–1928), Archbishop of Santa Fe in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Joseph C. Plagens, (1880–1943), Bishop of Grand Rapids in Grand Rapids, Michigan
Michael Portier, (1795–1859), first Bishop of Mobile in Mobile, Alabama
Ignatius A. Reynolds, (1798–1855), Bishop of Charleston in Charleston, South Carolina
John T. Richardson, (1923–2022), President of DePaul University in Chicago, Illinois
John Joyce Russell, (1897–1993), Bishop of Richmond in Richmond, Virginia
William Thomas Russell, (1863–1927), Bishop of Charleston, in Charleston, South Carolina
Augustus John Schwertner, (1870–1939), Bishop of Wichita in Wichita, Kansas
Jerome Sebastian, (1895–1960), Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland
F. Richard Spencer, (born 1951), current auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese for the Military Services
Walter Francis Sullivan, (1928-2012), Bishop of Richmond, in Richmond, Virginia
John Payne Todd (1792–1852), step-son of fourth President James Madison, (1751-1836, served 1809–1817)
Thomas Joseph Toolen, (1886–1976), Bishop of Mobile in Mobile, Alabama
Severn Teackle Wallis (1816–1894), noted lawyer, scholar, civic leader in Baltimore, Maryland (ancestor of Wallis Warfield Simpson of Baltimore, future Duchess of Windsor and wife of former King Edward VIII, later Duke of Windsor, who abdicated the British throne in 1937)
Vincent Stanislaus Waters, (1904–1974), Bishop of Raleigh in Raleigh, North Carolina
Joseph Clement Willging, (1884–1959), Bishop of Pueblo in Pueblo, Colorado
David Zubik, (born 1949), current Bishop of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
See also
National Catholic Educational Association
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore
St. Mary's Seminary & University
St. Mary's Ecumenical Institute
St. Mary's Spiritual Center & Historic Site
1791 establishments in Maryland
Catholic seminaries in the United States
Catholic universities and colleges in Maryland
Educational institutions established in 1791
Pontifical universities
Society of the Priests of Saint Sulpice
Universities and colleges in Baltimore
Terri Scott is the former Principal of Northern Regional College, Northern Ireland, a position she held from 2014 to 2021.
Prior to this post, she was the first female President of Institute of Technology, Sligo (ITS), from 2008 to 2014. She was the fourth woman in history to serve as President of one of the institutes of technology in Ireland. Her academic career consists of more than two decades of work on multiple continents.
Scott is originally from Derry, Northern Ireland, where she still resides with her husband Chris. They have three children Peter (born 1986), Bronagh (born 1989) and Claire (born 1990). She was schooled at Thornhill College before progressing to the University of Ulster and Queen's University Belfast. She spent time studying economics and geography. As a postgraduate she studied informatics.
At the University of Ulster she progressed to become dean and head of the university's School of Computing and Mathematics. She has been a visiting faculty member at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and been involved with other universities around Europe and in Asia.
In 2000, the British Computer Society awarded her with "IT Professional of the Year", the first time a woman had achieved this accolade.
Scott established the Northern Ireland Centre for Entrepreneurship, also directing it. She was Managing Director of Invest Northern Ireland from 2002 to 2006. She then moved on to become the founding CEO of the Ryan Academy of Entrepreneurship. Currently, she is a director and boardmember of IDA Ireland.
In November 2008 she became President of Institute of Technology, Sligo.
At the ninth annual Careers' Fair on 21 January 2009, she said:
References
Alumni of Queen's University Belfast
Alumni of Ulster University
Irish women academics
Living people
People from Derry (city)
People educated at Thornhill College
Year of birth missing (living people)
Academics of Ulster University
Tan Yuling, Noble Consort Mingxian (born Tatara Yuling; 11 August 1920 – 14 August 1942), was a concubine of China's last emperor Puyi. She married Puyi when the latter was the nominal emperor of the puppet state of Manchukuo during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Her given name "Yuling" is sometimes transliterated into English as "Jade Years".
Biography
Yuling was born to the prosperous Tatara clan in Beijing. Her father Zhaoxu was a high-ranking warlord who administered the area around Beijing and Tianjin, and her mother, Lady Ok, was a high-ranking Korean courtesan from Hamhung. Yuling's two aunts were in the Guangxu Emperor's harem as Consort Jin and Consort Zhen. Even after the Qing Dynasty fell, the Tatara clan continued to be very prosperous, but they changed their names to Tan, to avoid being discriminated for their Manchu ethnicity.
In early 1937, when Tan was still attending a middle school in Beijing, she was chosen to be a wife of Puyi and she travelled to Manchukuo's capital Hsinking (Changchun). On 6 April, she married Puyi in the Hsinking palace and was given the title of Imperial Concubine Xiang. She became very close to Puyi after their marriage and in time, she became Noble Consort Xiang and became the manager of the Imperial Harem, as Empress Xiaokemin was not in favour anymore. Yuling reviled the Japanese.
Tan died in 1942 while being treated for cystitis, in less than a day after her Japanese doctor gave her an injection. The circumstances surrounding her death were suspicious because Tan was said to have resented the Japanese for being controlling over Puyi. Kwantung Army staff officer Yoshioka Yasunori (吉岡安則), who was an attaché to the Manchukuo imperial household, once urged Puyi to take a Japanese bride, but Puyi had already married Tan, so he ignored Yoshioka. Yoshioka was said to be unhappy about this. Following Tan's death, Puyi was again pressed by Yoshioka to choose a Japanese spouse, but he refused.
Puyi granted Tan the posthumous title of Noble Consort Mingxian (明賢貴妃) and held a funeral for her in Banruo Temple (般若寺) in Hsinking. After the fall of Manchukuo in 1945, following the Japanese surrender at the end of World War II, Puyi ordered Tan's remains to be cremated and the ashes sent to her relatives in Beijing. Puyi kept a photograph of Tan with him until his death in 1967.
Gallery of Changchun House, Tan Yuling's former residence
Notes
References
External links
Xuantong Emperor
1920 births
1942 deaths
People from Beijing
Manchu people
Manchukuo royalty
People of the Republic of China
Chinese imperial consorts
Unsolved deaths
Shafaei () is a Persian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Mahvash Shafaei (born 1956), Iranian fencer, relative of Manouchehr
Manouchehr Shafaei (born 1949), Iranian fencer, human rights activist, and journalist
Persian-language surnames
Hits Magic & Rock 'N Roll is a studio album of cover music and eighth studio album overall by Australian pop singer John Farnham (known then as Johnny Farnham). The album was released in June 1973.
Singles include Brian Cadd's "Don't You Know it's Magic".
Track listing
Side A
"Everything Is Out of Season"
Nobody's Fool
"It's Up to You"
"If You Would Stay"
"Sweet Cherry Wine"
"Don't You Know It's Magic"
Side B
"Rock Me Baby"
"Lucille"
"Blueberry Hill
"Johnny B Goode"
"Diana"
"Memphis Tennessee
References
1973 albums
John Farnham albums
Arabian Adventures is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992.
Contents
Arabian Adventures offers over 40 pages of player character kits, including the sha'ir, barber-thieves, beggar-thieves, and other rogues, as well as other characteristically Arabian roles such as merchants, moralistic priests, hakimas (wise women), mystics, mamluks, corsairs, and elemental wizards. Each kit includes benefits, hindrances, and discussion of the kit's societal role in the desert of Zakhara, the Land of Fate. The rulebook also includes rules for calling upon Fate, the Evil Eye, and discussions of honor, piety, the salt bond, and other characteristics of Arabian society. The rulebook offers a comprehensive list of desert equipment, lists of spells with a desert motif, Arab character names, and proficiencies like Haggling and Display Weapon Prowess.
Publication history
Arabian Adventures was published by TSR, Inc. as a 160-page softcover AD&D campaign rulebook. Design was by Jeff Grubb with Andria Hayday, a cover by Jeff Easley, and illustrations by Karl Waller.
Reception
Allen Varney reviewed Arabian Adventures for Dragon magazine #219 (July 1995). He begins by saying: "You know from the first sentence of the original 160-page softcover rulebook that the Al-Qadim campaign setting emphasizes pop cinematic Arabia over scholarly accuracy. "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves," "Aladdin and His Magic Lamp"—these and other classics fill the pages of the Arabian Nights. No, they don't. European translators introduced both Ali Baba and Aladdin as spurious additions to the Nights, back in the 1800s. But what of that? Would you want an Arabian role-playing campaign that didn't include them?" He suggests that the player character kits in Arabian Adventures "make up the outstanding section of the rules, still unsurpassed to this day by other AD&D campaign worlds. The most creative of these, the signature class of the Al-Qadim world, remains the sha'ir, the wizard who gets his magic by sending a genie or elemental familiar to fetch spells. Original and ingeniously balanced, the sha'ir class gains its greatest appeal from the role-playing opportunities inherent in negotiating with a genie or a dimwitted familiar." In reviewing the book a few years after its release, Varney commented: "With hindsight we can identify [Arabian Adventures] as an important step in TSR's transition to its current graphic design philosophy, a precursor of the Planescape line and other beautiful products. The Al-Qadim rulebook's gold page borders, elegant endpapers, and six full color plates made a striking impression. Just as important, the Al-Qadim line marked the first time TSR used one artist for interior illustration throughout a whole line: the remarkable Karl Waller, whose atmospheric work conveys exactly the textures, exoticism, muscular genies, and empty desert expanses appropriate to the game line." He went on to say: "Still, even in its time the Arabian Adventures rulebook fell short of perfection. Though pretty, it lacks a distinctive writing style and sense of atmosphere. [...] does it simulate the flavor of the Arabian Nights tales? Only in part." He commented that the character kits "have flavor to spare", and Waller's art "inspires many adventure ideas. Yet for all their beauty, these pages only rarely describe the elements of Arabian adventures—the causes that assassins die for, the bargains that genies make, ambitions and aspirations of PCs, and the conventions of Arabian folktales. There is no attempt at all to describe what you actually do in an Al-Qadim campaign: explore the southern seas, wage holy war, stage palace intrigues, and so on. (This lack was remedied, in part, only in early 1994, in Gregory W. Detwiler's excellent article "Campaign Journal: Arabian Adventures Galore" in Dragon Magazine #202.)" He commented further, saying that the rulebook's "lack of Arabian flavor may derive partly from the uneasy relationship between the Arabian Nights adventures and standard AD&D rules. It's hard enough justifying elves and dwarves in this setting, and there's a worse lack. The Al-Qadim campaign accepts slavery and polygamy as facts of life, and dispassionately discusses the ways of holy slayers, but it never dares hint at that ultimate taboo of all AD&D campaign worlds, monotheism. We must presume that developing a fantasy equivalent of Allah would offend Muslims, whereas compromising Islamic culture with a polytheistic hodgepodge is just fine. No doubt TSR also wished to avoid unpleasant links to the modern Islamic world in the wake of the 1991 Gulf War." Varney concluded the review by saying: "The Al-Qadim rulebook impeccably presents a good set of tools for building an Arabian AD&D campaign, although it leaves the actual construction work to you—or to the host of supplements that followed. Given the fine quality of most of those supplements, this core product becomes essential for Arabian AD&D adventure."
Reviews
White Wolf #34
References
Al-Qadim
Lah-Lah is a five-member children's music group from Sydney, Australia. Lah-Lah has both recorded albums and filmed television content, and also performs at live events. The music of Lah-Lah ranges in styles from world music and surf-rock to jazz and gypsy. Lah-Lah's repertoire is primarily composed by Mark and Tina Harris. Lah-Lah aims to introduce music and musical instruments to children and their families through fun and entertainment.
Live
Lah-Lah performed at the Sutherland Entertainment Centre, Seymour Centre and Parramatta Town Hall in January 2009 for its inaugural season.
In October 2009 Century Venues children's entertainment arm Century's Child produced Lah-Lah into the Enmore Theatre for a two-week run of proms styles concerts for kids.
Lah-Lah opened the entertainment on the main stage of The Domain, Sydney for celebrations on Australia Day 2010 and was also featured at the St Kilda Festival in February.
The Sydney Opera House hosted Lah-Lah for 24 sold-out shows as part of its Babies Proms season in May 2010.
In October 2010 Lah-Lah presented a short season of 'Lah-Lah's Adventures' at the Cantebury-Hurlstone Park RSL, Mounties club and Harbord Diggers club.
In November 2010 Lah-Lah was a featured act at the Splash Festival at the Aquatic Centre at Sydney Olympic Park in Homebush.
The Sydney Festival 2011 presented the second Lah-Lah live production, 'Lah-Lah's Musical Wonderland' throughout the festival with shows at the Festival First Night in Hyde Park, The Famous Spiegeltent in Hyde Park, and The Riverside Theatre in Parramatta.
Following the May 2010 Babies Proms season, the Sydney Opera House commissioned a new show concept from Lah-Lah in the 30th anniversary year of the Babies Proms. The commission was for the inaugural presentation in a new series - the Family Proms - aimed at offering wonderful musical experiences to all primary aged children. The show, 'Lah-Lah's BIG Live Band', featuring an 11-piece big band (trumpets: Simon Sweeney, Dane Laboyrie, Ray Cassar, Elizabeth Geyer, trombones: Lucian McGuiness, Alex Silver, Justin Kearin, saxophones: Andrew 'Jock' Robertson, David Theak, Richard 'Woody the Woodwind' Maegraith, Stephan Schafer), twenty child violinists as well as twenty child singer/dancers in addition to the core Lah-Lah quintet, presented 5 concerts in the Sydney Opera House Concert Hall for the House:Ed and Kids at the House Programs from 24–26 June 2011.
The Powerkidz festival at the Brisbane Powerhouse was the second interstate live show for Lah-Lah in July 2011.
In September 2011 Lah-Lah performed two shows at the opening of Darling Quarter in Darling Harbour, New South Wales.
The City of Sydney council included Lah-Lah in the program for the lighting of the Christmas Tree concert in Martin Place, Sydney in November 2011. Lah-Lah was also scheduled to perform at the Village Christmas concerts in Rushcutters Bay and Rosebery, however the shows were postponed due to poor weather. Lah-Lah subsequently performed at the Martin Place concert in November 2012 and has appeared at various Village Christmas Concerts each year.
December 2011 saw Lah-Lah continue to expand nationally with their first Western Australian concerts with performances at the Worlds Festival in Fremantle as part of the ISAF Sailing World Championships.
The Melbourne Recital Centre programmed Lah-Lah for a show in the Elizabeth Murdoch Hall as part of the Music Play children's music festival in January 2012.
Lah-Lah continue to tour nationally with concerts in Victoria at the Between the Bays festival in Mornington Peninsula, in South Australia as part of the Something on Saturday series at the Adelaide Festival Centre, the Kids Day Out festival in Sydney, the City Recital Hall Angel Place, Newcastle Museum, Floriade Nightfest in Canberra, Glebe Street Fair, Sydney Festival, World's Biggest Playgroup, Roola Boola festival in Melbourne, and the Dress Up Attack festival in Sydney amongst others.
Audio
Lah-Lah recorded its debut album Shake It Like This in November 2008 at Sydney's Megaphon Studios.
Lah-Lah recorded its second album Making Music Lah-Lah's Way in 2011 at Sydney's Megaphon Studios.
Lah-Lah recorded its third album Sing It Loud! in 2014 at Sydney's Trackdown Digital.
Lah-Lah albums are currently independently released and available exclusively from their official website. Shake It Like This is also available digitally from the Australian iTunes Store.
On 30 October 2015 an announcement was made by the band that Lah-Lah had been signed by Sony Music and the Lah-Lah's Adventures Sound Track album would be available from 6 November 2015.
Video/TV
In July 2009 Lah-Lah went to Down Under studios, Sydney with production company LitUp Digital to film 12 music video clips from the Shake It Is like This album. Other elements were shot in addition to the clips and together they will form the Lah-Lah debut music DVD Lah-Lah's Big Live Band.
Also in July, Lah-Lah signed a broadcast agreement with Nickelodeon Australia for the video clips. The Lah-Lah clips went on air daily on Nickelodeon Australia's preschool channel Nick Jr. Australia on 13 September 2009. The clips stopped airing on Nick Jr. Australia at the end of 2014.
In February 2010 the clips were licensed to Nickelodeon Southeast Asia and also Nickelodeon New Zealand and began airing during March 2010.
In April 2013 Lah-Lah went into production on series 1 of a television program entitled Lah-Lah's Adventures, producing 26 x 12-minute episodes of a live action and animation preschool music show. The show was broadcast in April 2014 on the Seven Network's 7Two on free to air television in Australia, and began a rolling broadcast in September 2014 on CBeebies on Foxtel/Austar in Australia and New Zealand, and BBC Kids and Knowledge Network in Canada.
ABC TV acquired the broadcast rights to Lah-Lah's Adventures season 1 at the end of 2014 and it commenced a rolling broadcast on ABC Kids (Australia) and ABC iView from 4 January 2015.
The series is an Australian-Canadian official co-production produced by Stella Projects in Australia and Bardel Entertainment in Canada.
Another series starring Lah-Lah was introduced titled Lah-Lahs Stripy Sock Club which aired on ABC Kids in 2019 producing 18 x 7-minute episodes.
Group Members
Nic Cecire as Tom Tom (drums/percussion/backing vocals)Gary Daley as Squeezy Sneezy (piano accordion/keyboards)Tina Harris as Lah-Lah (vocals)Mark Harris as Buzz The Band Leader and Lola Double Bass (double bass/vocals)Matt Ottignon as Mr Saxophone (tenor and soprano saxophones/clarinet/flute)
Reviews
Live Show Review - Sydney Festival 2011 - Daily Telegraph. 18 January 2011
Live Show Review - Enmore Theatre 2009 - Arts Rocket. 8 October 2009
Discography
Shake It Like This (2008) - Audio CD
Lah-Lah's Big Live Band (2009) - DVD
Making Music Lah-Lah's Way (2011) - Audio CD
Lah-Lah's Adventures - Brand New Day (2014) - DVD
Sing It Loud! (2014) - Audio CD
Having Fun! (2017) - Audio CD
10th Birthday Party (2018) - Audio CD
Notes
External links
Lah-Lah's Adventures page on ABC Kids
Lah-Lah's Adventures page on CBeebies Australia
2000s preschool education television series
2009 establishments in Australia
21st-century Australian musicians
Australian children's musicians
Australian children's musical groups
Australian children's television series
Musical quintets
Australian preschool education television series
The 2018 Bulgarian Supercup was the 15th Bulgarian Supercup, an annual Bulgarian football match played between the winners of the previous season's First Professional Football League and Bulgarian Cup. The game was played between the champions of the 2017–18 First League, Ludogorets Razgrad, and the 2018 Bulgarian Cup winners, Slavia Sofia.
This was Ludogorets's sixth Bulgarian Supercup appearance and Slavia's first. Ludogorets lost their previous two Supercup appearances in 2015 and 2017.
Match overview
Match details
Post-match reactions
References
2018
Supercup
Sport in Stara Zagora
Bulgaria
PFC Ludogorets Razgrad matches
PFC Slavia Sofia matches
Tucket's Gold is a 1999 novel by Gary Paulsen. It features the main character Francis Tucket and his adopted children struggling to stay out of reach of the Comancheros.
Background
Paulsen originally got the idea for the character of Francis Tucket through an urge to cover the West with a single person. Tucket's Gold was first published in 1999 by Delacorte Books. It was the fourth novel in the Tucket Adventures saga and was followed by the fifth and final novel in the series, Tucket's Home.
Fours years later after it was first published, Random House republished it in a five-part omnibus entitled Tucket's Travels. The omnibus included the five novels from the Tucket Adventures saga which were published over a timeframe of 1994 to 2000.
Synopsis
This book is mainly about Tucket and his adventures to escape the Comancheros. He is in need of food and water when the story begins, but his luck gets better. He finds a deer for food and moccasins, and finds gold, showing that he is having a change of fortune.
Reception
Tucket's Gold was favorably received by critics and the mainstream press. It was praised for its invigorating story; a reviewer from publishers weekly said that it had superb characterizations and an evoked setting.
References
1999 American novels
American children's novels
Novels by Gary Paulsen
Western (genre) novels
1999 children's books
Children's historical novels
Jowzan or Jauzan or Juzan or Jozan () may refer to the following places in Iran:
Juzan, Fars, a village in Nasrovan Rural District, Fars Province
Jowzan, Hamadan, a village in Jowzan Rural District, Hamadan Province
Juzan, Hamadana village in Muzaran Rural District, Hamadan Province
Jowzan, Hormozgan, village in Howmeh Rural District, Hormozgan Province
Jowzan, Rudan, a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Hormozgan Province
Jowzan, Razavi Khorasan, a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Razavi Khorasan Province
Jowzan Rural District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province
See also
Juzan
Jozan (disambiguation)
The 1980–81 Danish 1. division season was the 24th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Eight teams participated in the league, and AaB Ishockey won the championship. Esbjerg IK was relegated.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1980 in Danish sport
1981 in Danish sport
Hannes van der Merwe (born February 5, 1980) was a Namibian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm offbreak bowler.
Born in Windhoek, the young batsman played in several youth one-day internationals during the Under-19 World Cups of 1997/98 and 1999/2000, his first match coming against Bangladesh Under-19s on January 12, 1998, where he was bowled out by a duck by Shabbir Khan.
Two years later, in the 1999/2000 Under-19 World Cup, he watched Australia Under-19s beat his team by 266 runs in a match dominated by Australian attack. He took part in the 2004 Intercontinental Cup where the Namibians lost by five wickets to Uganda.
External links
Hannes van der Merwe at Cricket Archive
1980 births
White Namibian people
Namibian Afrikaner people
Cricketers from Windhoek
Namibian cricketers
Living people
Namibian people of Dutch descent
Marunnattil Oru Malayali is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language comedy film, directed by A. B. Raj and produced by T. E. Vasudevan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Adoor Bhasi, Prameela and Sankaradi. It was released on 24 September 1971. The film was remade in Telugu as Sri Rajeswarivilas Coffee Club.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as Mathew/Vilvaadiri Iyer
Vijayasree as Geetha
Adoor Bhasi as Narasimha Iyer
Prameela as Shoshamma
Sankaradi as Sheshadri Iyer
S. P. Pillai as Vittal
Alummoodan
Paravoor Bharathan as Kariyaachan
Philomina as Mathew's Mother
Sadhana
Paul Vengola
Panjabi
N. Govindankutty
Nellikode Bhaskaran
C. A. Balan
Pala Thankam
Radhamani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1971 comedy films
1971 films
Films directed by A. B. Raj
Indian comedy films
Malayalam films remade in other languages
Banisia clathrula is a species of moth of the family Thyrididae. It is found in Mauritius and Réunion.
Its wingspan is around 35 mm.
See also
List of moths of Réunion
List of moths of Mauritius
References
External links
Banisia clathrula at the Encyclopedia of Life
Thyrididae
Moths described in 1877
Insects of Mauritius
Insects of Réunion
Moths of Africa
Kapala is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 175 square kilometers and includes eight villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 10,200. The village of Kapala is about 25 km south of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Her Reputation is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Iris Hoey, Frank Cellier and Lillian Hall-Davis. It was based on the play Passing Brompton Road by Jevan Brandon-Thomas. It was made at British and Dominions Elstree Studios as a quota quickie for distribution by Paramount British Pictures.
Synopsis
A woman plans to boost her public profile by getting a divorce and enlists the help of a male friend to act as co-respondent. This leads to a series of mix-ups and her eventual decision not to get divorced.
Cast
Iris Hoey as Dultitia Sloane
Frank Cellier as Henry Sloane
Malcolm Tearle as George Harding
Lillian Hall-Davis as Carruthers
Maurice Braddell as Eric Sloane
Joan Morgan as Veronica Sloane
Dorothy Black as Georgina Pastell
Laurence Hanray as Mr. Montgomery
References
External links
1931 films
1931 comedy films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Sidney Morgan
British comedy films
British black-and-white films
Films shot at Imperial Studios, Elstree
Paramount Pictures films
Quota quickies
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Khalkhalah () is a Syrian village in Shahba District in As-Suwayda Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Khalkhalah had a population of 2,268 in the 2004 census.
History
In 1838, it was noted as a ruin, situated "in the Luhf, east of the Lejah, i.e. in Wady el-Liwa".
References
Bibliography
Populated places in Shahba District
Villages in Syria
Willoughby Girls' High School (WGHS) is a public, secondary, day school for girls, located in Willoughby, a lower North Shore suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Established in 1934, Willoughby Girls' High currently enrols around a thousand students from Years 7 to 12, and is the only comprehensive government girls' school situated on the lower north shore of Sydney.
Facilities and activities
Willoughby Girls High School has a variety of facilities for students, including, a playing field, library, senior study rooms, canteen, science labs, computer labs, design and technology and textile rooms, music studio, art rooms, and landscaped courtyards. The school has also been providing extension classes for the last nine years in Maths, English and Science for those girls with higher marks, who are selected to this class in year 7 through a series of tests, and every subsequent year through their course marks . The school also puts on a musical every 2 years.
Extra curricular activities
Music ensembles: chamber ensemble, senior wind ensemble, junior wind ensemble, percussion ensemble, accelerate ensemble, junior choir, senior choir, jazz ensemble
Social justice committee
Secret Environmental Society
Debating
Mock trials
TheatreSports
Drama club (year 7 and 8)
Film club
The Duke of Edinburgh's Award
P&C sports: netball, basketball, (indoor and outdoor) hockey, touch footy
Chess club
Dance
French film club
Anime and Manga club
SRC
Alumni
Evonne Goolagong (born 1951), tennis player.
Jeni Mawter (born 1959), children's author.
Yvonne Kenny (born 1950), opera singer.
Jo Haylen, New South Wales Member of Parliament for the seat of Summer Hill for the Australian Labor Party, elected 2015.
Justice Ruth McColl AO, Court of Appeal, Supreme Court of New South Wales
June Dally-Watkins (1927-2020) model, entrepreneur, founder of chain of deportment schools
Tanya Verstak (born 1942) crowned Miss Australia and Miss International 1962
See also
List of Government schools in New South Wales
References
Public high schools in Sydney
Educational institutions established in 1934
Girls' schools in New South Wales
1934 establishments in Australia
Willoughby, New South Wales
Rindehallet Slope () is an ice slope between Isingen Mountain and Egil Peak in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Rindehallet (the mountain slope).
Ice slopes of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Newchapel and Goldenhill railway station was a station on the Potteries Loop Line located between the villages of Newchapel and Goldenhill in Staffordshire, England.
Opened in 1874 the station was known simply as Goldenhill (sometimes referred to as Golden Hill) until November 1912 when it was renamed Newchapel and Goldenhill.
The station closed to passengers in 1964 along with the rest of the Loop. The trackbed is now a walkway but part of the platform edging is still in existence.
References
Disused railway stations in Staffordshire
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1964
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1874
Former North Staffordshire Railway stations
Beeching closures in England
Erigeron subtrinervis, called the three-nerved daisy, the three-nerve fleabane, or the hairy showy daisy, is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. It grows in various mountains of western Canada and the western United States: Rocky Mountains, northern Cascades, Black Hills, etc., from British Columbia and Washington state east to North Dakota and south as far as New Mexico.
Erigeron subtrinervis grows in openings and along roadsides in aspen groves and conifer forests, as well as on ridges and mountain peaks at high elevations. It is a perennial herb up to 90 cm (3 feet) tall, producing underground rhizomes and a woody caudex. The inflorescence generally contains 1-21 flower heads per stem, in a flat-topped array. Each head contains 100–150 purple or lavender ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Southwest Colorado Wildflowers
subtrinervis
Flora of North America
Plants described in 1864
Sir Thomas Glover was a English ambassador to the Sublime Porte of the Ottoman Empire in Constantinople from 1606 to 1611.
Glover was born to a Protestant family, his great uncle had been burnt at the stake for his beliefs during the reign of Queen Mary, while during the reign of Elizabeth I his father rose to become Sheriff of London. According to Scottish author and traveller William Lithgow, Glover was born to an English father and a Polish mother and was born and raised in Constantinople, where Glover served as secretary to the English ambassadors Edward Barton and Sir Henry Lello before succeeding Lello as ambassador on December 23, 1606. Fluent in Turkish, Greek, Italian and Polish, he was a competent diplomat and respected in the court. He is known to have imprisoned the Catholic traveler and scholar Hugh Holland for speaking out against Elizabeth.
The English writer William Strachey served as his secretary for a period and he also gave lodging to other travellers and writers including the aforementioned Lithgow and George Sandys. Glover was recalled to London in a company letter dated September 17, 1611.
Glover's wife Anne Lambe, an English woman he had met and married in England and brought her to Constantinople, died of the Plague 1608 but was not buried until 1612 in the city.
References
Ambassadors of England to the Ottoman Empire
17th-century English diplomats
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Henkie Waldschmidt (also spelled Henki, born 28 June 1988 in The Hague) is a Dutch racing driver. He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and the Formula Three Euroseries.
He started his racing career in 1995. In 2006 he joined the Young Drivers Program for the Toyota Formula One team. In December 2008 he had his first experience in testing a Toyota Formula One car.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Dutch racing drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Italian Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
Sportspeople from The Hague
Prema Powerteam drivers
SG Formula drivers
Jean-Christophe Matahuira Bouissou (born 28 October 1960) is a French Polynesian politician and leader of the Rautahi political party.
Education and early career
He received his degree in information and mathematics from Graceland University in 1984. His political career began shortly afterward and in 1998 he became Minister of Housing. He went on to become a Labour minister in 2000.
Crises and aftermaths
From 26 October 2004 to 16 February 2005 he was spokesman of the Flosse government, right after the fall of Oscar Temaru's government due to a motion of censure on 9 October 2004. At that time he also served as Interior Minister and the period has been referred to as one of turmoil. In September 2005 he launched a new pro-autonomy party, the Rautahi party. Although he had been in Flosse's government, by 2010 the two expressed criticisms of each other and had become political rivals.
In October 2007 he was fined for corruption, after favouring his half-brother in social-housing allocation in 2002 while housing minister. In 2013 he was charged with corruption again over his links to New Caledonian businessman Bill Ravel.
In September 2014 he joined the government of Edouard Fritch.
In November 2021 he was appointed vice-president, replacing Tearii Alpha.
References
1960 births
Living people
French Polynesian politicians
Graceland University alumni
Aia Api politicians
French Polynesian members of the Community of Christ
Government ministers of French Polynesia
Housing ministers of French Polynesia
Labour ministers of French Polynesia
John Julius Angerstein (1735 – 22 January 1823) was a London businessman and Lloyd's underwriter, a patron of the fine arts and a collector. It was the prospect that his collection of paintings was about to be sold by his estate in 1824 that suddenly galvanised the King, George IV, and the prime minister, Lord Liverpool, into purchasing his collection for the nation and led to the founding of the British National Gallery in Angerstein's house at 100 Pall Mall.
Parentage
John Julius Angerstein was born in St Petersburg, Russia, in 1735. It has wrongly been suggested that he was a natural son of Empress Catherine II or of Elizabeth, Empress of Russia. Family tradition holds that his true parents were Empress Anna of Russia and the London businessman Andrew Poulett Thompson; his first position after arriving in London at the age of fifteen was in Thompson's counting-house.
Family
In 1771 Angerstein married Anna Crockett (widow of Charles Crockett and daughter of Henry Muilman [1700–1772], a South Sea Company director, banker, Danish consul in London and Russia Company consul, and Anne, née Darnall) at St Peter-le-Poer, Old Broad Street. They had two children – Juliana, who married General Nikolai Sablukov of the Russian service, and John Angerstein (1773–1858).
Anna died in 1783, and in 1785 John Julius Angerstein married Eliza Lucas (daughter of the Rev. Joseph Payne and widow of Thomas Lucas, a director of the South Sea Company, president of Guy's Hospital and West Indies merchant). A portrait of Angerstein and his second wife, Eliza, by Thomas Lawrence was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1792 (now held by The Louvre museum, Paris).
Life and art collection
In his role as a merchant Angerstein has been said to have owned a third share in slave estates in Grenada, but this assertion is incorrect. Although Angerstein almost certainly insured vessels involved in the slave trade, the only evidence of his involvement in slave-owning plantations (and the likely basis of the fallacy) was indirect, and not financial. Angerstein's friend and client, George Peters, was owed money by the merchant Israel Wilkes. Angerstein and two others were made trustees for the creditors over Wilkes' assets, including two sugar estates in Grenada.
Angerstein was chairman of Lloyd's from 1790 to 1796 and counted King George III, British Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger and artist Sir Thomas Lawrence among his friends. Although a slave owner, he was also on the Committee for the Relief of the Black Poor, an organisation with strong abolitionist connections.
After a number of knife attacks on women by the so-called "London Monster", Angerstein promised a reward of £100 for capture of the perpetrator.
Among his earliest art purchases was The Rape of the Sabines by Rubens. Later acquisitions included works by Rembrandt, Velázquez, Titian, Raphael, Correggio and Hogarth, plus early drawings by J.M.W. Turner. From the sale in London of the French Orleans Collection he bought The Raising of Lazarus by Sebastiano del Piombo and other works. After his death, thirty-eight of his finest paintings were bought by the British government for £60,000 to form the nucleus of the collection of the British National Gallery. Until the National Gallery was built in Trafalgar Square in London, the 38 works from Angerstein's collection were displayed in Angerstein's town house in Pall Mall.
He lived for some years in Greenwich in south-east London, leasing a estate from Sir Gregory Page in 1774 and over the next two years building a house, Woodlands (designed by local architect George Gibson). This area is now known as Westcombe Park, part of a wide area on the north-eastern fringes of Blackheath that he sought to enclose in 1801. The house fell empty in 1870 when John's grandson William Angerstein relinquished the lease.
In 1806 Angerstein served as vice-president of the newly formed London Institution, and the previous year became a founding governor of the British Institution for Promoting the Fine Arts in the United Kingdom. As an active church-goer, he worshipped at St Alfege's Church, Greenwich, where he was also churchwarden.
Connections today
His family's connections with Greenwich are still commemorated. Angerstein Lane, near the heath at Blackheath, bears the family name. A public house, The Angerstein Hotel, is on Woolwich Road, Greenwich, close to the Woolwich Road flyover (Blackwall Tunnel A102 southern approach) – on the opposite side of which lies the Angerstein Business Park (owned by Greenwich Enterprise Board). East of this is the Angerstein Railway Line (almost solely used for commercial freight, mainly sea-dredged aggregate landed at Angerstein Wharf, operated by Aggregate Industries), linking the peninsula at North Greenwich with the main railway network; as a result, an area of largely industrial land in between the lines, and to the east of the A102 road, is sometimes referred to as the "Angerstein Triangle."
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
External links
1735 births
1823 deaths
British art collectors
18th-century British businesspeople
People from Greenwich
People associated with the National Gallery, London
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United Kingdom
British slave owners
Wang Tao (王涛, colloquially known as Big Wang Tao 大王涛 ; 1967) is a Chinese football player who played for Beijing Guoan F.C. and for the China national football team 1990-1995.
References
1967 births
Chinese footballers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Footballers at the 1990 Asian Games
Association footballers not categorized by position
Asian Games competitors for China
The Congolese National Convention (), also known as CONACO, was a federalist political alliance in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was formed and led by then Prime Minister, Moïse Tshombe.
It consisted of a bloc of forty-nine parties from among the more than 200 parties that were formed primarily for participation in the 1965 general elections. CONACO primarily drew its strength from the southern portions of the country and succeeded the Katanga-based CONAKAT party.
Election results
See also
Political parties in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Defunct political party alliances in Africa
Political party alliances in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Changes is a British television advertisement launched in 1987 to promote the second-generation of the Volkswagen Golf. The 50-second ad was directed by David Bailey and stars the model Paula Hamilton as a woman throwing away some of her possessions. After discarding her wedding ring, pearl necklace, brooch and mink coat, she decides to keep her Volkswagen Golf and drives off in it with a smile on her face. Changes was named after the song that was used as its soundtrack, written by Alan Price. It was awarded the Silver prize at the 1988 British Arrows Awards, and is remembered as an indicator of car advertising's recognition of women's growing independence.
Sequence
A woman (Paula Hamilton) is leaving her husband. She tearfully exits her mews house, removes her wedding ring and posts it back through the letter box. Walking away, she angrily tears off her pearl necklace, throws away her brooch, and removes her mink coat. She approaches a drain, but, as she goes to drop the keys to her Volkswagen Golf down it, she changes her mind and decides instead to keep the car. The advert ends with her driving off in the Golf with a smile on her face; its strapline reads: "If only everything in life was as reliable as a Volkswagen."
Production
Changes was created by the advertising agency Boase Massimi Pollitt on behalf of Volkswagen. It was directed by the British photographer David Bailey, who had first discovered Hamilton. For the piece, Hamilton was styled to resemble Princess Diana. The music used was the song "Changes" by Alan Price, which also gave its title to the advert itself. Set to the tune of "What a Friend We Have in Jesus", the song was written by Price for his friend Zoot Money while he was going through a divorce.
Reception
Critical reaction to the advert was positive—it was awarded the Silver prize at the 1988 British Arrows Awards. As a result of the success of Changes, Hamilton was catapulted to fame, but grew to resent only being known for it. Speaking to Matthew Wright in 1997, she remarked: "All I always seem to be known as is Paula Hamilton the alcoholic and Volkswagen girl."
Legacy
Changes is remembered as an indicator of car advertising beginning to recognise women's increased independence – previous car adverts had largely only either featured women as models or depicted them as passengers. Reflecting on the advert in May 1998, Stephen Armstrong of The Guardian named it as one of the five best advertising campaigns, and remarked that it had "spawned a new era in car advertising". In April 2000 Changes was ranked at number 42 on Channel 4's The 100 Greatest TV Ads, where it was described as being "a sign that feminism had at last reached the ad men".
References
External links
Volkswagen Golf Car Commercial: Changes at History of Advertising Trust
1987 in British television
1987 works
British television commercials
Feminist mass media
Volkswagen advertising
Euh Yoon-Dae (born 1945) is a South Korean professor, financier, and advisor for the South Korean government. He served as Chairman of KB Financial Group and of the Presidential Council on Nation Branding, Korea.
Childhood and Education
Euh was born in Jinhae city (now Changwon), Gyeongsangnam-do, Korea on 22 May 1945. He earned his B.A. and M.B.A. at Korea University, an M.B.A. at the Asian Institute of Management, and a Ph.D. in business administration at the University of Michigan. He has received honorary doctorate degrees at Yonsei University, Waseda University, Griffith University and Renmin University.
Career
Recently, Euh Yoon-Dae served as Chairman of KB Financial Group, Korea's second largest banking group. He was also the first Chairman of the Presidential Council on Nation Branding, Korea from its establishment in January 2009 to 2010.
A former President of Korea University (2003~2006), Euh also served in various advisory roles for the South Korean government. He was also former Vice-Chair of the National Economic Advisory Council, Chairman of Advisory Board of the Ministry of Education and Human Resources, and sat on the Public Fund Oversight Commission. He served as a Monetary Board Member of the Bank of Korea as well as a Board Member of the Korea Development Bank. From 1993 to 2004, he served as Policy Advisor for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. He was also Chairman of the Steering Committee of Korea Investment Corporation (KIC), responsible for setting policies and reviewing management performance.
Euh was founding President of the Korea Center for International Finance, established in 1999. He previously headed the Korean Academic Society of Business Administration and Korea Monetary and Finance Association.
Korea University (President): 2003~2006
During his presidency (2003~2006), 12,000 seats were secured within the library (the largest number of library seats amongst Korean universities), one third of classes were conducted in English, the number of foreign exchange students increased sharply, and modern buildings and shopping malls were built.
Despite much advancement, Euh failed to be reelected as president. His critics argue that Euh led the school of extreme market principles and internationalism. Prior to his presidency, English classes only amounted 4%. This figure changed to 34% of total classes at Korea University within the four years of his presidency.
His supporters agree that most international universities value international competitiveness and administer their schools accordingly. Euh has also succeeded in raising 470 billion Korean won as a University Development Fund.
Presidential Council on Nation Branding (Chairman): 2009 ~ 2010
Euh Yoon-Dae was chairman of the Presidential Council on Nation Branding. He was appointed to this position in January 2009.
The Council was established on January 22, 2009 by Executive Decree 21283 with the objective to promote South Korea's global image; to right misconceptions about South Korea, its culture, its products, and its people; and to raise respect for South Korea so as to support South Korean businesses and nationals abroad through governmental initiated strategies and policies.
KB Financial Group (Chairman): 2010 ~ 2013
Euh Yoon-Dae was inaugurated as Chairman of KB Financial Group on July 13, 2010. In his inaugural speech, Euh said the Group needed to slim down and cut costs to achieve its vision of becoming a global bank, and he has launched reforms since then.
Other Experiences
1992~1995: Monetary Board Member, The Bank of Korea
1996~1997: Board Member, Korea Development Bank
1996~1999: Director (Non-Resident), Korea Institute for Public Finance
1998~1999: Board Member, Korea First Bank
1998~2002: Board Member, Hyundai Corporation
1999~2000: Founding President, Korea Center for International Finance
1999~2003: Board Member, CJ Home Shopping
2001~2003: Member (Minister), Public Fund Oversight Commission
2003~2004: Chair, Advisory Board of the Ministry of Education and Human Resources
2005~2006: Vice Chair, National Economic Advisory Council
2007~current: Member, Board of Governors, Asian Institute of Management
2008~2010: Chairman, Steering Committee of Korea Investment Corporation (KIC)
2010~current: Member, Bretton Woods Committee
2011~current: Board Member, The Institute of International Finance
Family
Euh Yoon-Dae is married to Jhong Bok-Joo (62), Professor at Ewha Womans University College of Music with two sons.
Honors and awards
Beta Gamma Sigma, University of Michigan (Ph.D.)
The Marquis Who's Who In The World
Asian Institute of Management Triple A Award
Distinguished Alumni of the Year by Kyung-gi High School
A Merit, Les Insignes de Chevalier de l'Ordre national du Mérite from French Government
Order of Service Merit (Blue Stripes)
The Most Powerful Business Leaders in Korea Award from Fortune Korea
Dasan Finance Prize from Financial Services Commission and Hankyung Daily (2012)
Research and Publications
Books
Commercial Banks and Creditworthiness of LDCs (UMI Research Press; Ann Arbor, 1979)
The Liberalization of the Korean Capital Markets and the Establishment of the Korea Fund (The Korea Economic Research Center, The Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry; Seoul, 1981)
Capital Market and Korean Economy, (Maeil Business Newspaper; Seoul, 1985), Co-authored with Yoonsoo Lim
International Finance and Korean Debt (Maeil Business Newspaper; Seoul, 1985), Co-authored with Sarkis Khoury
The Characteristics of Balance of Payments and Foreign Debt in Korea (The Korea Economic Research Center, The Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry; Seoul, 1987)
The Korean Financial System and Foreign Influence (Routledge; London, 1990)
Impact of Exchange Rate System Change on the Business Management and National Economy (The Korea Economic Research Center, The Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry; Seoul 1991)
A Study on International Capital Market Regulation (International Trade and Business Institute; Seoul 1992)
A Study on the Business Restructuring of Korean Firms (The Korea Economic Research Center, The Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry; Seoul 1995)
Strategic Management (Hak Hyun Sa; Seoul 1995), Co-authored with Ho-Yeol Bang
International Business (Hak Hyun Sa; Seoul 1996)
International Finance (Hak Hyun Sa; Seoul 1997), Co-authored with Yoon-Su Yim
Articles
International marketing cases for the book, International Marketing, (2nd edition) by Vern Terpstra (Holt, Rinehart and Winston, Inc., 1978)
"International Capital Markets," a research paper for Booz, Allen and Hamilton with Professor Gunter Dufey (1978)
"Capital Structure and Default Risk," The Journal of Management, Korea University (December 1980)
"An Empirical Study of Export Subsidies and Their Effects on Export Growth," The Journal of Management, Korea University (December 1980)
"International Capital Markets and Internationalization Strategies of Korean Banking Institution," in Economic Development and Financial Market, Korea Investment and Finance Corporation (1981)
"A Note on International Portfolio Theory," Yonsei Business Review, Yonsei University (March 1981)
"Multinationalization of Korean Enterprises," Sang Jang Hyup, Korea Listed Companies Association (1982)
"Internationalization Strategies of Korean Securities Firms," The Securities, Korea Securities Dealers Association (1982)
"International Capital Markets and Foreign Borrowings Management of Korea," in The Role of Short-term Finance Companies in a Changing Financial Environment, Joongang Investment and Finance Corporation (1983)
"International Capital Markets and Foreign Debt Management of Korea Government," Public Finance Statistics, Ministry of Finance, Korea (1983)
"An Empirical Research on Foreign Direct Investment Behavior of Korean Corporations," The Journal of Management, Korea University (July 1984)
"A Study on the Operations of Foreign Banks in Korea," The Journal of Management, Korea University (July 1984)
"Capitalizing on the Hidden Dynamism: The Challenge of Meeting Changing Socio-Cultural Values of Human Resources of Achieving the Maximum Workers' Satisfaction and Corporate Growth," The Journal of Management, Korea University (September 1984)
"County Report - Republic of Korea (PART II, 7)," In Quest of Human Dynamism, (Asian Productivity Organization; Tokyo, 1986), Edited by Shin-ichi Takezawa
"The Role of Japanese Finance in Asian Development", V.R.F. Series NO.131, Institute of Developing Economies, (March 1986)
"Foreign Direct Investment from Developing Countries: The Case of Korean Firms," The Developing Economies, (June 1986)
"The Role of Japanese Financial Institution in Capital Flows," The Journal of Management, Korea University (August, 1986)
"Analysis of Major Industry: Textile, Automobile, (Chapter IV)," The Structure of Development of The Korean Industrialization (Institute of Developing Economies; Tokyo, 1987), Edited by Tamio Hattori
"Foreign Debt (Chapter IX)," Theory and Practice of Korean Economies, (Seoul National University Press, Seoul, 1987) Edited by Soon Cho and Hak-Joong Joo
"The Liberalization of the Korean Capital Market and the Effect of Issuing International Convertible Bonds on the Cost of Capital of the Korean Firms," The Journal of Management, Korea University (December 1987), Co-authored with Young-Jung Cho
“Internationalization of Tokyo Financial Market and Its Influence on the International Financing of Korea," The Journal of Management, (December 1988), Co-authored with Ho-Jin Kang, et al.
“Internationalization of the Korean Capital Market," Korean Securities Association and Korea Securities Dealers Association, (1988)
“The Great Transition of Korean Economies and Monetary Policy," Presented at Academic and Policy Seminar, Sponsored by The Korea International Economic Association, June 1988
“Position Paper of Uruguay Round on the Service Secter: Banking and Securities Industry," KDI, Policy Research Paper Series 88-16.
"Challenge of Japan (Chapter II)," The Pacific Era and Korea (Korea Institute for Economics and Technology ; Seoul, 1989), Edited by Sung-Soo Hahn
"Internationalization of the Korean Capital Market," Presented at a Conference held by Korea Securities Association, October 1988 and also presented at the conference at University of Southern California, June, 1989
“The Korean Financial System: A Model for Asian Newly Industrialized Countries" Presented at the Annual Meeting of the North American Economics and Finance Association, December, 1989
“A Study on the Impact of Exchange Rate Movements on the Foreign Direct Investment,” The Journal of Management, Korea University (April, 1990), Co-authored with Oh-gie We
“Impact of Exchange Rate System Change on the Business Management and National Economy,” The Journal of Management, Korea University (1991), Co-authored with Oh-gie We
“A Study for Exchange Rate of Short Term Variability on the Introduction of Market Average Exchange Rate System,” The Journal of Management, Korea University (April 1991), Coauthored with Oh-gie We
“Corporate Financial Management in the Era of the Higher Real Interest Rates,” Sang Jang, Korea Association of Listed Companies (1995.2)
“International Financial Strategy under the WTO Regime,” Presented in the Symposium for the Productivity of the Financial Industry held by Korea Productivity Association on June 1995
“Business Strategies in the Global Competition Era,” Fair Competition, The Korea Fair Competition Association (1995.9)
“A Study on the Financial Effect of Government-led Restructuring of Financially Distressed Firms," The Journal of Management, Korea University (August 1995), Co-authored with Jae-Seong Bae
"Challenges and Opportunities of Korean Financial Institutions under the WTO Regime," Yonsei Business Review, Yonsei University (1995.8)
"The Impact of Financial Reforms on the Capital Markets and Financial Institutions of Latin American Countries," Yangyung Academic Review (1995.11)
"Globalization of Asian Capital Markets," Business Review (August 1996) Co-authored with Min-Hwan Kim
“The Competitiveness of Korea Banking Institutions in the Process of Informationalization and Openness" Financial Weekly, The First Finance Research Institutes, (1997.1)
“Tasks for Development of Korean Capital Markets in the 21st Century" Presented for the Symposium for 20th Anniversary of Korean Securities Supervisory Board (1997.2)
"IMF Rescue Fund and Financial Strategy of Korean Corporation" SoGang Harvard Business (May–June 1998 volume 80)
"Rapid deregulation led to the Korean crisis," Perspectives on International Financial Liberalization,Discussion paper series 15, UNDP, 1998
"The Foreign Exchange Crisis in Korea," Seminar on『Korea : A New Frontier for American Business』(Rothschild Inc, Harvard Business School, and Hyundai Research Institute, June 1, 1998)
"The Strategies of Korean Firms in the Changing International Capital Markets Environments: A Viewpoint before the Foreign Exchange Crisis in 1997," The Journal of Management, Korea University (October 1998)
"Strong Yen and The Asian Economy," Realignments in Industrial Countries: A Challenge Facing Emerging Market, Deutsche Bank (Washington D.C.) September 1999
"An Empirical Analysis on the International Sourcing Practices and Determinants of Korean Manufacturing Firms Investing Abroad," (International Business Journal, Vol.10 No.1), October 1999
"In Search of a Stable Currency System in the 21st Century," Institute for International Monetary Affairs (Tokyo), December 1999
"Korean Financial System in the Global Age," The Future of Korean Financial System in the New Millennium, (The Symposium for the 50th anniversary of the Bank of Korea), June 2000
References
External links
www.Pipl.com
KB Financial Group
Presidential Council on Nation Branding, Korea
Living people
1945 births
Korea University alumni
Korea University faculty
Presidents of universities and colleges in South Korea
South Korean businesspeople
People from Changwon
Ross School of Business alumni
Asian Institute of Management alumni
Hamjong Eo clan
Goca (; Serbian Cyrillic: Гоца) is a nickname, often a diminutive form (hypocorism) of Gorana or Gordana. The nickname may refer to:
Goca Božinovska, a Serbian pop-folk singer
Goca Tržan, a Serbian pop singer
See also
References
Lists of people by nickname
Hypocorisms
Jane Adams is an Irish camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2008, a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003. and an Intermediate Soaring Star award in 2011. She was Ulster camogie player of the year three times. She captained Antrim to the All-Ireland Junior Camogie Championship in 2010.
Career
From Upper Dunmurry Lane in Belfast, she played for St Malachy's at primary school level and attended St Louise's before joining the O'Donovan Rossa club. She won her first Junior All-Ireland medal in 1997 when Antrim defeated Cork in the All-Ireland final. She was Player of the match in the 2001 All-Ireland Intermediate final and won a second intermediate medal in 2003.
All Ireland Club Championship
She won four Ulster Championships and one All-Ireland Title with Rossa, winning prominence as captain, play-maker and scorer of two goals and nine points as O'Donovan Rossa became the first Ulster club to win the Ireland Club Championship in 2008. She had previously scored 2-11 in the semi-final against Ballyboden St Enda's.
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
Living people
Antrim camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Antrim, County Antrim
Tobacco Cessation Clinic is an initiative by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Ministry of Health of India. Tobacco cessation activities formally began with the opening of 13 tobacco cessation clinics in Anand, Bhopal, Bangalore, Chandigarh, Chennai, Cuttack, Delhi (2), Goa, Jaipur, Lucknow, Mumbai, and Patna in 2002. Tobacco cessation clinics were renamed to tobacco cessation centers in 2005. Five more tobacco cessation centers were established in Mizoram, Guwahati, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Trivandrum, which makes a total of 18 centers.
The services offered at the clinic include individual intervention in the form of behavioral counseling, medication, and nicotine replacement therapy. The centers also intend to create awareness among the general public about the negative effects of tobacco and about tobacco cessation through awareness programs, exhibitions training programs on tobacco cessation for various professionals, and information booklets and manuals aimed at specific groups of the population.
The Tobacco Cessation Clinic Resource Center (TCCRC), which is functioning in the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences, (NIMHANS), Bangalore, is the national coordinating center for all the TCCs. The center in Bangalore runs an out patient clinic twice a week (Saturdays and Mondays) in the de-addiction OP section of the NIMHANS.
Locations
References
External links
Cancer Institute (Adyar Cancer Institute), Chennai
National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences (NIMHANS), Bangalore
University Of Delhi, Delhi
Vallabhbhai Patel Chest Institute, Delhi
Regional Cancer Center, Thiruvananthapuram
Jawaharlal Nehru Cancer Hospital and Research centre idgah hills, Bhopal MP
Kerala Quit Smoking Institute
Smoking cessation
Smoking in India
Health programmes in India
Tobacco in India
William James "Bill, Billy" Gibson (April 22, 1927 – August 29, 2006) was a Canadian ice hockey player.
He lived in Lethbridge, Alberta.
Gibson was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway. During the tournament, he scored 15 goals and 7 assists in 8 games, making him the top scorer.
External links
bio
1927 births
2006 deaths
Canadian ice hockey centres
Sportspeople from Lethbridge
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Bryan David Castrillón Gómez (born 30 March 1999) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a winger for Argentine club Unión de Santa Fe, on loan from Categoría Primera A club Independiente Medellín.
Club career
Early years
Castrillón grew up in the El Limonar 2 neighborhood of San Antonio de Prado in Medellín. At the age of seven, he joined Envigado.
Independiente Medellín
Castrillón played his way up through Independiente Medellín's youth sector and made his debut for the first team in the Categoría Primera A on 23 September 2019 against Independiente Santa Fe. Castrillón quickly became a regular starter and became the main revelation of the team. After playing 15 games in his debut season, he's signing a new deal with Independiente until the end of 2022 in December 2018. In his second season, he made a total of 25 appearances for Independiente.
Loan spells
To add more minutes and return to the club more mature, Castrillón went on loan for a year without purchase option to Atlético Bucaramanga in January 2020. In his three first games, Castrillón was noted for three assist. However, the club decided not to trigger the buying option.
On 4 January 2021 it was confirmed, that Castrillón would play for Deportivo Pereira on loan for the 2021 season. He made his debut on 21 January 2021 against Alianza Petrolera, where he also scored for Pereira. After a very good season, it was confirmed in October 2021, that he would return to Independiente Medellín at the end of the year.
Return to Independiente and loan spell
After returning to Independiente Medellín in January 2022 from a very good loan spell at Deportivo Pereira, it was reported that Castillón had received a bid from a foreign club. However, Independiente wanted to keep him.
After 22 appearances for Independiente during 2022, the club confirmed on 21 June 2022, that Castillón had been loaned out to Argentine Primera División side Unión de Santa Fe until the end 2023 with a purchase option.
International career
In March 2019, Castillón was called up for the Colombia national under-20 football team pre-squad ahead of the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup. However, he was't summoned for the final squad.
References
External links
Bryan Castrillón at FCF
Living people
1999 births
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Association football wingers
Footballers from Medellín
Categoría Primera A player
Argentine Primera División players
Independiente Medellín footballers
Atlético Bucaramanga footballers
Deportivo Pereira footballers
Unión de Santa Fe footballers
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
"Say a Prayer for Me" is a song by Australian alternative dance group RÜFÜS. The song was released on 13 January 2016 as the fourth single from the group's second studio album, Bloom (2016). The song peaked at number 58 on the ARIA Chart. The song was certified gold in Australia in 2017.
Reception
Tom Williams from Music Feeds called the song "super chill" saying "[it] packs some crisp grooves, layered vocals and warm synths, as well as those summery RÜFÜS vibes."
Music video
The music video was directed by Toby + Pete and released on 28 January 2016. Ryan Middleton of Music Times said "The video is shot deep in woods with the three of them playing their respective instruments to the smallest crowd they will see all year. They bring their own big production along with a big laser display installed above them that walls them into one enclosed space with more lights and fog on the ground shining on them as they play."
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2015 songs
2016 singles
Rüfüs Du Sol songs
WABN is an oldie and classic hits-formatted non-commercial radio station licensed to Abingdon, Virginia. The station's signal serves the towns of Abingdon, Lebanon, both in Virginia, and the twin cities of Bristol in Virginia and in Tennessee. WABN is owned and operated by Appalachian Educational Communication Corporation.
WABN was launched on December 10, 1956 and has served the town of Abingdon for almost 60 years. Beginning as WBBI, the station has carried various formats including Country music and Religious. Over the years, the station aired programming from the Mutual Broadcasting System and later the NBC Radio Network.
WABN has been sold several times, including once to Bristol Broadcasting Company, which owns stations in Bristol. The station's current owner, Bristol, Tennessee-based Appalachian Educational Communication Corporation, purchased WABN on May 5, 2004. Since 2011, WABN has been simulcasting on an FM translator station to increase its broadcast area.
History
Pre-launch
The original application for WABN was filed on March 6, 1956. The principal owners listed on the application were Nelson T. Barker and Lindy M. Seamon. At the time of the filing, Seamon was the general manager and chief engineer at WRIC.
On their application, the pair estimated the construction costs of building the station at $19,904, with the first year operating costs at $20,000. First year revenue was estimated at $30,000. The application was approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on October 10, 1956. The new station was given the call sign WBBI during the first week of November 1956.
WBBI era
On December 10, 1956, WBBI took to the airwaves for the first time, operating at 250 watts day and night. At the time of its launch, it was owned by Burley Broadcasting Company, which filed for a license to cover on January 9, 1957. This was approved on January 11.
In April 1957, WBBI was honored with two awards by the Virginia Associated Press Broadcasters Association (VAPBA). In the "Commentary" category, the station was awarded second place in the "Non-Metropolitan" division. The station placed third in the "Sports" category in the "Non-Metropolitan" division. Burley Broadcasting Company transferred WBBI to Burley Broadcasting, Inc. for $20,000 in late July 1957. Under the new company, original owners Nelson T. Barker and Lindy M. Seamon transferred 25% of their shares to their wives, Ethel and Frances, respectively. In April 1958, the station was again honored with a VAPBA award, this time for "Women's News".
On January 26, 1959, WBBI was granted permission to change from an unlimited or 24-hour-a-day schedule to a daytime only schedule. The station would sign on at 6:00 am and sign off at 7:00 pm. The VAPBA presented the station with awards in the "State and Local News", "Farm", "Special Events", and "Women's News" categories on May 2, 1959. The station received VAPBA awards for "State and Local News", "Commentary", and "Women's News" in 1960.
On September 14, 1960, Burley Broadcasting applied to increase the station's daytime power to 1,000 watts, while keeping its nighttime power at 250 watts. The power increase was granted November 29, 1961. In May 1962, further VAPBA awards were presented to WBBI in the "Comprehensive News", "Commentary", "Sports", "Women's News", and "Farm" categories.
On December 10, 1966, 10 years to the day after WBBI launched, sister station WBBI-FM signed on. At the time, both WBBI and WBBI-FM were carrying a country format with programming from the Mutual Broadcasting System. On April 26, 1968, Nelson and Ethel Barker sold their shares of WBBI (and WBBI-FM) to co-owners Lindy and Frances Seamon for $30,000. The sale was granted on May 17, 1968.
Sister station WBBI-FM applied for the WABN-FM call sign in mid-March 1980. The application was granted in mid-May 1980. In July 1982, Burley Broadcasting began the process of selling WBBI and sister station WABN-FM to Southern Communications, Inc. for $500,000. The sale was approved on September 24, 1982.
In 1984, WBBI dropped programming from the Mutual Broadcasting System in favor of programming from the NBC Radio Network. In mid-February 1987, Southern Communications agreed to sell WBBI, along with sister station WABN-FM, to Edwards and Sutherland Broadcasting Company for $466,200. The new company would be operated by Richard W. Edwards and Craig Sutherland. At the time, Edwards also owned WDIC. The sale was granted in late April/early May.
Present era
On August 2, 1992, the station's call sign was changed from WBBI to the current WABN.
On October 17, 1995, WABN was placed in debtor in possession status by the FCC. Almost four years later, on November 11, 1999, WABN and WABN-FM were sold to Bristol Broadcasting Company for an unknown sum. Less than two years later, on July 5, 2001, Bristol Broadcasting Company donated WABN to the Abingdon Church of the Nazarene. Bristol Broadcasting Company retained its sister station, now under the WFHG-FM call sign.
On May 16, 2003, WABN was once again on the seller's block, this time to be sold to Living Faith Ministries, Inc. for $50,000. The sale was not consummated and the Abingdon Church of the Nazarene retained ownership of the station.
The Abingdon Church of the Nazarene tried again, on April 26, 2004, to sell WABN. The Appalachian Educational Communication Corporation (AECC), based in Bristol, Tennessee, agreed to purchase the station for $50,000. Director of the Tennessee Regulatory Authority, Kenneth C. Hill, is the President and CEO of AECC. At the time of the sale, WABN was broadcasting a religious format. The sale was closed on May 5, 2004.
In 2009, WABN switched to its current Oldies and Classic Hits format. On September 27, 2011, WABN began simulcasting its signal onto translator station W277BT 103.3, which is also licensed to Abingdon. WABN is operated as a non-commercial station. Today, WABN airs a mix of local information and sports, along with the Oldies and Classic Hits music.
Programming
WABN produces a local public service program called "Abingdon Talks", which airs on Sundays. The station broadcasts the entire schedule of Abingdon High School athletics live throughout the year.
Syndicated programs heard on WABN include Earth & Sky and the Old Farmer's Almanac "Radio Report". The station is an affiliate of the Virginia Market News Service, a division of the Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Mike Cox, a staff meteorologist at AECC, provides local weather forecasts on WABN twice an hour.
Translator
In addition to the main station, WABN is relayed by an FM broadcast translator to widen its broadcast area.
References
External links
1956 establishments in Virginia
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Oldies radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1956
ABN
"Azzurro" is an Italian pop song.
Azzurro may also refer to:
Azzuro (film), 2000 film
Porto Azzurro, a municipality on the island of Elba
MS Golfo Azzurro, a North Sea trawler
See also
Azzurri (disambiguation), the Italian plural form of azzurro, light blue
Liberty Wharf is a shopping centre in St Helier, Jersey, which opened in November 2010. Much of the site is a former abattoir which was restored and converted for use as a shopping centre.
References
External links
Liberty Wharf Shopping Centre
Buildings and structures in Saint Helier
Shopping centres in Jersey
2010 establishments in Jersey
Shopping malls established in 2010
"Einstein vs. Stephen Hawking" is a song and music video, performed by Zach Sherwin, Peter "NicePeter" Shukoff, and Lloyd "EpicLLOYD" Ahlquist. It is the 7th episode of the 1st season of the YouTube video series Epic Rap Battles of History. The video was released on 30 March 2011 on Shukoff's YouTube channel.
Music video
The video features 20th-century German-American theoretical physicist Albert Einstein (portrayed by Zach Sherwin) and English theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking (portrayed by NicePeter) facing off in a rap battle. American astronomer Carl Sagan (portrayed by EpicLLOYD) makes a brief cameo appearance.
As of March 2021, the video has received over 127 million views on YouTube.
Certifications
On 20 November 2013, the song was certified Gold by the RIAA. ERB had become the first YouTube channel to do so with the certification of "Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney" (S2 E08) as Gold in July 2013.
References
External links
Original ERB music video on YouTube
2011 songs
Cultural depictions of Albert Einstein
Cultural depictions of Stephen Hawking
Epic Rap Battles of History
Maker Studios videos
Parodies
Songs about science
Songs about scientists
2011 YouTube videos
The 22nd Golden Disc Awards ceremony was held on December 14, 2007, at the Olympic Hall in the Olympic Park, Seoul. Ryu Si-won and Kim Ah-joong served as hosts.
Criteria
Albums and songs released between December 1, 2006, and November 30, 2007, were eligible to be nominated for the 22nd Golden Disc Awards. This was the first year that were awarded in the digital music category. The winners of the album and rookie categories were determined by album sales (60%), a panel of music experts (20%) and online votes (20%), while the winners of the digital music category were determined by digital music sales (60%), a panel of music experts (20%) and online votes (20%). Music sales were based on data from Dosirak, Melon, Muz, MusicOn, Bugs! and Mnet. The Popularity Award was based on online votes (60%) and a panel of music experts (40%).
Winners and nominees
Main awards
Winners and nominees are listed in alphabetical order. Winners are listed first and emphasized in bold.
Other awards
Ceci Special Award: Kim Ah-joong
Producer Award: Park Jin-young
References
2007 in South Korean music
2007 music awards
Golden Disc Awards ceremonies
Henrik Bo Nielsen (born 23 April 1961) is a Danish arts administrator. In December 2018 he was presented as the new Executive Director, DR Culture, Children and Youth (DR). He was CEO of ROMU, an umbrella organisation for 10 museums in the Roskilde area from 2017 to 2019. He was CEO of Dagbladet Information from 1991 to 2007 and of the Danish Film Institute from 2007 to 2017.
Biography
Nielsen was born in Vadum close to Aalborg on 23 April 1961. He graduated from Aalborg Katedralskole in 1980 and later began to study law. He became the leader of a language school in Aalborg when he was 22 and was later transferred to its headquarters in Copenhagen. He was CEO of Dagbladet Information from 1991 to 2007. He then served as CEO of the Danish Film Institute from 2007 until 2017. He succeeded Frank Birkebæk as CEO of Romu in 2017.
References
https://www.dr.dk/presse/henrik-bo-nielsen-bliver-direktoer-i-dr
https://www.information.dk/kultur/2019/01/drs-nye-kulturredaktoer-kaldt-charmerende-fedtsyl-ment-kompliment
https://borsen.dk/nyheder/generelt/filminstituttets-chef-bliver-museumsdirektoer-7jd7f
https://www.djoefbladet.dk/artikler/2014/3/dansk-films-gr-aa--eminence.aspx
1961 births
Living people
Danish arts administrators
People from Aalborg Municipality
Dagbladet Information people
Mala Brda () is a small settlement west of Postojna, just off the road towards Razdrto, in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Mala Brda on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Stanhope Gardens is a garden square and street in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London.
Stanhope Gardens was built from the 1860s after the area began to be developed following the Great Exhibition of 1851. The London Underground railway runs underneath the gardens.
References
External links
Streets in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Garden squares in London
Squares in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Communal gardens
Darío Andrés Siviski (born 20 December 1962 in Avellaneda) is a former Argentine football midfielder who played for a number of clubs in Argentina, Mexico, Switzerland and Japan. He represented Argentina at the 1988 Olympic games and played for the full Argentina national team at Copa América 1987.
Siviski started his playing career in 1981 with Temperley he spent some time in Mexico with Toluca before returning to Temperley in 1985.
In 1986 Siviski joined San Lorenzo de Almagro where he played 126 games, scoring 21 goals. In 1990, he joined Servette of Switzerland. He has also played for Independiente and Estudiantes de La Plata in the Argentine Primera and Avispa Fukuoka in the J-League under manager Hugo Maradona.
Towards the end of his playing career he played for Grupo Universitario de Tandil before returning to his first club Club Atlético Temperley in 1997.
He represented Argentina at the 1988 Olympic games and played for the senior Argentina national team on six occasions including games at Copa América 1987.
After retiring as a footballer he has worked in various roles including football agent, coach and sporting director.
External links
Darío Siviski CV
San Lorenzo micro profile
Darío Siviski at BDFA.com.ar
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Avellaneda
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
1987 Copa América players
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Association football midfielders
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
Deportivo Toluca F.C. players
Servette FC players
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Avispa Fukuoka players
Argentine Primera División players
Swiss Super League players
Liga MX players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Jewish Argentine sportspeople
Olympic footballers of Argentina
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Footballers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in football
Douglas Cowie (1 May 1926 – 26 November 2021) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dundee, Greenock Morton and the Scotland national team. He played initially as a central defender but later converted to a left half.
Club career
Signed for Dundee by manager George Anderson, Cowie went on to play 341 times for the club in the Scottish Football League alone, many of them as captain. He was part of the Dundee side that won back-to-back League Cups in 1951–52 and 1952–53, also played in the 1952 Scottish Cup Final and was a member of the squad that missed out on winning the League Championship by one point in the 1948–49 season.
Cowie left Dundee in 1961 and had a two-year spell with Greenock Morton as a player-coach. He was Raith Rovers manager for the 1963–64 season but left the Kirkcaldy club to rejoin the Morton coaching staff in the summer of 1964. He later worked at Dundee United in coaching and scouting capacities.
On 3 April 2009, Cowie was inducted into Dundee's Hall of Fame.
International career
Cowie won all 20 of his Scotland caps while with Dundee. He made his international debut against England in April 1953. He was involved in Scotland's first two World Cup appearances, playing both matches in 1954 and two of three matches in 1958; Scotland's 3–2 defeat to Paraguay at the 1958 World Cup was his final appearance for Scotland. He also appeared once for the Scotland B team and three times for the Scottish League representative team.
Death
Cowie died on 26 November 2021, at the age of 95. He was the last surviving player of the 1954 and 1958 Scottish World Cup teams.
References
External links
Profile at Dundee-Mad.co.uk
1926 births
2021 deaths
Scottish footballers
Footballers from Aberdeen
Association football central defenders
Association football wing halves
Scotland international footballers
Scotland B international footballers
1954 FIFA World Cup players
1958 FIFA World Cup players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Football League representative players
Dundee F.C. players
Greenock Morton F.C. players
Scottish Football League managers
Scottish football managers
Raith Rovers F.C. managers
Dundee United F.C. non-playing staff
Greenock Morton F.C. non-playing staff
Mugham triads — () performers of a classic mugham consists who play the national musical instruments of Azerbaijan: tar, kamancheh and daf (tambourine);
Structure
The vocal instruments which are performed by the mugham triads are called the Mugham desgah. Deshgah means mugham's sophistication, its sequence, all sections and parts, as well as the sequence of tasnif and color. The sections included in the Mugham composition are composed of improvised receptive styled vocal tunes that determine the musical-poetic content of the work. They are replaced by song and dance episodes with a precise rhythm. Song episodes are called “tasnif” and dance is called “color”.
In the early stage the sazende group was used in the triads: tar, kamancheh and balaban (balm), tasnif and color were used in the circle and naqareh. After reconstruction of the tar by the famous tar player Sadigjan, there is no need to use naqareh, which is replaced by to fine-tune daf. Thus, this group consists of only 3 people. This group includes the tarzen, kamancheh player and khanende that have been functioning since the second half of the 19th century. They play an important role in the development of Azerbaijani folk music and the creation of mugham performing school.
The main performer of the trio group is the singer – khanende who performs with daf. He builds a composition based on his own taste and ability. More precisely, khanende decides which sections to include in which subdivisions, also to incorporate the content, color, or tasnif. The Khanende brings the daf closer to the pile as he sings mugham, and ensures that his voice is focused on the listeners. During the performance of tasnif and color, he accompanies his partners and himself.
The second participant of the trio group is the tarzen and the musical instrument is tar. While the knanende is singing, he accompanies him with organ, plays the interactive solo mugham, and modulates the new episodes. The execution of the desgah is a kind of dialogue with the tarzen. Firstly, the tar plays some parts instrumentally and then replaces its place with khanende. Tarzen is the only soloist in the instrumental plays which switch with mugham sections. The tarzen should have the ensemble sense and must not only accompany the khanande but also should know when to give him to have a breath and feel his individual opportunities in a sensitive way.
The tarzen should have the ensemble sense and must not only accompany the khanande but also should know when he let the khanande pause and should feel his individual opportunities in a sensitive way.
The last part of the group - kamancheh's function (bowed string instrument) is limited. At the same time, the kamancheh player accompanying the khanende and tarzen also helps to express the style of expression of mugham. Additionally, imitation of the tar with the khanende, the kamancheh with the tar, create a complex expression in the musical language called double imitation. But the kamancheh is not an accomplice only. After the dramatic episodes of the khanende in the lyrical, mournful episodes of mugham, the kamancheh's solos are expressive.
Use of musical instruments
Daf
Daf is a punched instrument. The daf is a round wood ring, one side is covered with fish skin. Small circular rings are mounted inside a circular, wide 60–75 mm and 350–450 mm in diameter, and they snooze while performance. Mugham is widely used in performances. It's a kind of attribute of khanende. Thus, the khanende takes part in the performance of the full-length rhythmic music episodes of triads with playing in daf. Therefore, the daf has become a kind of khanende's attribute.
Tar
Tar is a string musical instrument played with mizrab. The Azerbaijani tar is used in the mugham triads has its own structure, design and artistic and technical capabilities.
Kamancheh
Kamancheh is the only string musical instrument among Azerbaijani folk instruments. It is one of the oldest musical instruments in Azerbaijan. It is depicted in Nizami Ganjavi's poem "Khosrov and Shirin" and depicted in Tabriz miniature paintings (Aghamirek Isfahani, Mir Seyid Ali). Kamancheh is mainly made of walnut.
In some films, mugham triads have been mentioned. For example, in the 1956 Azerbaijani film, "O olmasın, bu olsun" (It Does not matter) it was a trio of Khan Shushinski, Bahram Mansurov and Talat Bakikhanov.
On February 17, 2014, the picture of the mugham triads is used on the Azerbaijani philately product released by Azermarka. The part of the picture with daf is separately released as a stamp.
The musical instruments of the mugham triads were depicted on 1 manat of Azerbaijan issued by the Central Bank of Azerbaijan in 2005 and 2009 and 1 coin of Azerbaijan issued in 2006.
See also
Music of Azerbaijan
References
Azerbaijani music
Azerbaijani musicians
Azerbaijani musical groups
Byhalia United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building on College Avenue in Byhalia, Mississippi.
The Late Gothic Revival style building was constructed in 1906. It was added to the National Register in 1984.
References
Methodist churches in Mississippi
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Gothic Revival church buildings in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1906
1906 establishments in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Marshall County, Mississippi
Lydia is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Yeşilkent is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Beachcomber is a pair of open top bus services operated in Bridlington and Scarborough during summertime by East Yorkshire.
History
The Beachcomber brand was launched in 2019, coinciding with the purchase of eight second-hand Wright Eclipse Geminis. The Scarborough open top service previously operated as route 109. The Bridlington service previously operated as route 100.
The services were suspended during the national COVID-19 lockdowns, but returned in July 2020. For 2021, service frequencies on both routes were increased, and the Scarborough route was extended.
Routes
The Bridlington service travels along the coast to Flamborough Head. The Scarborough service also follows the coast, travelling from The Spa in the south to the Sea Life centre in the north.
References
Bus routes in England
Gnathophis parini is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 1990. It is a marine, deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Sala y Gomez Ridge, in the southeastern Pacific Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 540–560 metres. The maximum known total length, based on a juvenile specimen, is 13.7 centimetres.
The species epithet "parini" refers to N.V. Parin.
References
parini
Fish described in 1990
Dennis Malura (born 20 June 1984) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for 1. FC Solingen.
He is the son of Eddy Malura.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Berlin
German footballers
Association football defenders
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
1. FC Union Solingen players
Wuppertaler SV players
Kickers Offenbach players
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
TSV 1860 Munich players
1. FC Heidenheim players
"We Say Mabuhay" (sometimes called the "Mabuhay March") is the common name for "Mabuhay, My Philippines", a march used as the honors music for the President of the Philippines. It was composed by Tirso Cruz, with lyrics by James King Steele.
History
Tirso Cruz penned the melody to "We Say Mabuhay", with lyrics by James King Steele, sometime during the 1930s. Various dates have been attributed to the original composition of "We Say Mabuhay" ranging from 1931 to 1940. According to The Philippine Star, however, it was first performed May 16, 1931 at the Manila Hotel.
During World War II, U.S. government broadcasters used the melody of the song for their radio program The Philippine Hour, which was transmitted from relay stations in Australia and San Francisco to the Japanese-occupied archipelago. The lyrics and music to the song were also printed in a 1945 issue of the U.S. Army propaganda leaflet Free Philippines, which was covertly distributed in the country. In that version of the song, the original lyrics "under our blue sky" were substituted with "under the blue sky", a version that has remained as the one most commonly used in the Philippines since.
As the honors music for the President of the Philippines, "We Say Mabuhay" is traditionally performed at the Philippine presidential inauguration following the oath of office of the incoming president, as well as at other times during the entrance or approach of a sitting President of the Philippines. In keeping with the American custom, it is traditionally preceded by four ruffles and flourishes by a military band, but in parades the formation on the parade ground just stands at attention and everyone stands as the song is played.
The word "Mabuhay", which forms part of the song's title and features prominently in its lyrics, is a Tagalog greeting meaning "long live".
Lyrics:
We say Mabuhay!
We say Mabuhay!
Under the blue skies,
Where our friends sit by!
A greeting of farewell!
A toast that will wear well!
We raise our voices and say Mabuhay!
Composer and lyricist
Tirso Cruz was a prominent Filipino bandmaster in the 1930s and 1940s who helped popularize jazz in the Philippines. He is remembered for his longtime leadership of the Mabuhay Orchestra, the house band at the Manila Hotel.
James King Steele was an American public relations executive who, during the 1930s, was retained to promote tourism to the Philippines and would later fill a similar role for Nevadans Unlimited, a tourism trade group in the United States state of Nevada.
See also
"Hail to the Chief"
References
External links
"We Say Mabuhay" is performed following Rodrigo Roa Duterte's inaugural oath of office in 2016
"We Say Mabuhay" is performed in 2014 as Benigno Aquino III exits Malacañang Palace with Barack Obama
Vocal performance of "We Say Mabuhay" by the Philippine Marine Corps
Photo of Tirso Cruz with his band at the Manila Hotel in the 1930s
1931 compositions
English-language Filipino songs
Queen's College is a residential college affiliated with the University of Melbourne providing accommodation to more than 300 students who attend the University of Melbourne, the Victorian College of the Arts, RMIT University and Monash University Faculty of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences.
In addition to the students (commonly referred to as "Queeners"), Queen's College (usually known simply as "Queen's") also houses a number of fellows, resident tutors, scholars and professionals (collectively known as the Senior Common Room), staff and academic guests.
The resident tutors conduct weekly tutorials for the students on subjects that are involved in their expertise.
History
Founding
The college was founded in 1887, on of land assigned to the Methodist Church by the Parliament of Victoria in the area then known as University Reserve (now College Crescent). While this land was allocated soon after the founding of the university in 1853, it was not until 1878—some twenty-five years later—that the Methodist Conference took the first steps towards building the college.
The then Governor of Victoria, Sir Henry Loch, laid the foundation stone on 16 June 1887 after the efforts of the Reverend William Abraham Quick, who is widely regarded as the founder of Queen's.
Naming
Initially, it was decided that the college was to be named Victoria College. However, when it became clear that it was to be built in the year of Queen Victoria's golden jubilee, it was finalised in December 1886: "That the new College be called Queen's College in honour of the Queen's Jubilee"
Opening
Queen's opened its doors on 16 March 1889, with a total of 24 students, under the leadership of the Revd Edward Holdsworth Sugden, who would go on to hold the position of master for over forty years. Shortly afterward, it became clear that more building was necessary, and on 20 April 1890, the South Wing was opened. Subsequent extensions were made in 1905 and in 1910 a new East Wing was created, joining the new southern wing with the original sections.
During this time (from 1897 to 1920), it is noted that "Queen's College was a veritable hothouse of dramatic activity", with plays and soirees being performed several times annually. Melbourne University Student Theatre traces its roots to this time, and it is no wonder that promotional posters from these productions still adorn the walls of the college to this day.
Expansion
Post-Great War pressures nurtured additional building plans, advocated mainly by J. T. Tweddle. The central tower (named the Sugden tower after the first master of the college, the Revd Edward J. Holdsworth Sugden) and a new northern wing, known as the Tweddle Wing, were constructed and completed in 1923. 1930 saw the introduction of a scientific laboratory (which now serves as a student recreation centre) in the southern section of the college, courtesy of A. M. and G. R. Nicholas.
From 1958 to 1978, a significant expansion and improvement programme was enacted, partly funded by the Commonwealth Government. The Raynor C. Johnson Wing, named after the college's third master and erected in the west of the college grounds, was completed in two stages. The first opened in 1961, with the second following eight years later. During the construction of the Johnson Wing, it became clear that the dining hall (which now serves as the Junior Common Room) was too small to contain the projected student body. As such, the current Eakins Hall was built, finished in 1964. The final student accommodation building, Kernick House, was completed in 1975.
In 1964, of college land was allocated for the creation of a women's college. The college, named St Hilda's, is now a coeducational facility as by the time it was completed Queen's was also accepting both men and women as equal members.
For a decade from 1969, Queen's had also been ensuring that the pre-existing facilities would attain the same standard as the new wing. The resulting "comfortable, single bedroom studies" remain much the same format today. Also around this time, the Methodist Church merged with most parishes of the Presbyterian Church to form the Uniting Church in Australia, of which the college became an institution.
Coinciding with the college's centenary celebrations, the new Featonby Library and several tutor flats contained in Parnaby Wing were opened in 1987. More recently, the college has focused on expanding accommodation for academic visitors, postgraduate students and resident tutors, with the construction of Scott Terrace(1998), Jack Clarke and Lapthorne buildings (2000). In 2012, the Honourable Alex Chernov AC QC, Governor of Victoria, official opened two new wings of graduate accommodation with facilities for 54 graduate residences.
Traditions
Every Monday (previously both Monday and Tuesday night) Queen's College students must wear their academic gowns and venture down to Eakins dining hall to sit for a Formal Dinner.
The Master reads out a prayer whilst all students stand. Once the prayer is finished, dinner is served.
A Queen's College traditional method of serving food is incorporated in the dinner. One end of the table serves meat, while the other serves vegetables.
A tradition brought from the Oxbridge college systems is the wearing of tweed to formal dinners, which is an optional tradition that most students no longer observe.
The "spoon-bang" is still observed with vigor at the start of formal dinners to celebrate the winning of Queen's College teams in sports, cultural and academic competitions.
Arms
The college's coat of arms celebrates its founding as a Methodist institution, in the tradition of the 18th-century Anglican cleric John Wesley. It has the following heraldic description:
Argent, a cross sable, in each quarter three escallops of the last, for Wesley; on an escutcheon of pretence the Royal Arms of England. Crest: on a wreath and sable, a wyvern proper. Motto: Aedificamus in aeternum.
The actual rendering of the escutcheon uses the royal arms not of England but of the United Kingdom.
This is superimposed on the arms of John Wesley.
The college motto translates to "We build for eternity".
The arms were assumed without a formal grant from the College of Arms.
Grace
It is customary to open each formal dinner (held every Monday and Tuesday night) at Queen's with a grace.
The college's full Latin grace is as follows:
Domine, qui aperis manum tuam et omnia implentur bonitate,
Benedicere dignare cibum istum
Ut nos, ex eo gustantes,
Inde corporis et animi accipiamus sanitatem.
Per Jesum Christum Dominum nostrum, Amen.
An English translation is:
"Lord, you open your generous hand
And the whole world is filled with good things.
Please bless this food we are about to eat,
So that we may have healthy bodies and healthy minds,
Through Jesus Christ our Lord, Amen."
An English grace was composed by Henley in 1995, with the proviso that the Latin grace be retained at least once per week.
Head of college
Masters
The Revd Edward Sugden (1887 - 1928)
The Revd Frederick Walwyn Kernick (1929 - 1933)
John F. Foster (1933 - 1934) - acting master
Raynor Johnson (1934 - 1964)
The Revd Norman Edgar Lade (1964 - 1965) - acting master
Owen Parnaby (1966 - 1986)
George A. M. Scott, FLS (1986 - 1992)
Jack William Clarke, OAM (1992) - acting master
The Revd John A. Henley, (1993 - 2001)
David T. Runia, FAHA (2002 – 2016)
Dr Stewart Gill, OAM (2017–present)
Vice-masters
Jack Clarke (1964 - 1989)
Philip Creed (1989 - 1991)
Robert Nethercote (1991 - 2002)
Phillip Mosley (2002 - 2014)
Deans
Dean of Students (known as Dean of Wellbeing 2014 - 2017)
Dr Tim Corney (2015 - 2016)
Jacob Workman (2017 - 2019)
Dean of Academic Programs (known as Dean of Studies 2014 - 2017)
Dr Brenda Holt (2015 - 2016)
Jacob Workman (June 2016)
Dr Sally Dalton-Brown (2017 - 2021)
Campbell Bairstow (2021–present) [acting]
Notable alumni
"Wyverns" are residents, past or present, who have lived in the college for six months or more. The Wyvern Society is responsible for allowing the continued communication of former Queen's students and organising reunions.
Notable Wyverns include:
David Penington (former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Melbourne, former dean of its School of Medicine)
Roy Wright (former Chancellor of the University of Melbourne)
Geoffrey Blainey (historian)
Ian Potter (businessman and philanthropist)
Harold Holt (former Prime Minister of Australia)
Brian Howe (former Deputy Prime Minister of Australia)
Surgeon Rear Admiral Lionel Lockwood (former Director-General of Naval Medical Services)
Cyril P. Callister (inventor of Vegemite)
Red Symons (musician and comedian)
Alan Hopgood (writer and actor)
John Holland (engineer and construction magnate)
Merlin Crossley (biochemist)
Kathy Watt (cyclist)
Ismail Abdul Rahman (former Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia)
Mustapa Mohamed (current Minister of Trade of Malaysia)
Rod Sims (Economist and current Australian Competition & Consumer Commission chairman)
Rhodes Scholars
Peter H. Bailey AM OBE, Queen's 1945, Rhodes Scholar 1950
S. E. K. Hulme AM QC, Queen's 1948, Rhodes Scholar 1952
John R. Howes, Queen's 1953, Rhodes Scholar 1957
Wilfrid R. Prest, Queen's 1959, Rhodes Scholar 1962
Michael C. Garner, Queen's 1978, Rhodes Scholar 1984
P. Merlin Crossley, Queen's 1982, Rhodes Scholar 1987
Matt Wenham, Queen's 2004, Rhodes Scholar 2004.
Michiel le Roux, Queen's 2003, Rhodes Scholar 2006
Fellows
Queen's has a body of 24 fellows and a smaller body of honorary fellows. Fellows of Queen's College are not actively engaged in teaching the students. Instead, they are men and women who have distinguished themselves through their contributions to academic studies general contributions society. The chief task of the fellows is to advise the master on academic affairs and giving of scholarships to students of the college. They are led by the principal fellow.
References
Bibliography
Queen's College Handbook [2005] & 2006
Queen's College, University of Melbourne - A Centenary History, Owen Parnaby, Melbourne University Press, Carlton, Melbourne - first edition , 1990
Trinity College Act (1927)
History of Melbourne University Student Theatre
External links
Queen's College Website
Residential colleges of the University of Melbourne
Saksi Sbong () is a Cambodian actress who mainly played the role of villains in Cambodian pre-Khmer Rouge films.
Saksi Sbong was born in Phnom Penh, the capital city of Cambodia, in 1940. After working as a flight attendant doing the liaison between Phnom Penh and Bangkok, she started taking up acting roles in movies produced by Norodom Sihanouk, beginning with Apsara in 1966 and culminating with her most famous role inLa Joie de Vivre filmed in 1968-69 in which she plays Princess Sulpra. Already a "famous Cambodian actress" in 1969, she became even more popular for her cruel vicious character in films such as Tep Sodachan and Pos Keng Kong in the 1970s.
Saksy Sbong fled Cambodia to live in France before the rule of the Khmer Rouge and only returned to Cambodia to film one last movie in the early 1990s.
When Saksi Bong returned to Cambodia in 2018 to attend a royal funeral for which she shaved her head following Khmer tradition, many were surprised that she was still alive as it was widely believed she had been executed by the Khmers Rouges.
Saksi Bong now considers herself as a devout Buddhist and a staunch supporter of the Cambodian monarchy.
Filmography
Apsara (1966) - Rattana
The Little Prince (1966) - step aunt of the little prince
Chet Mdai (1967)
Tep Sodachan (1968)
La Joie de Vivre (1968/1969) - Princess Sulpra
Sdach Domrei Sa (1969)
Veasna Akosol (1970)
Norok Lokey (1970)
Pinpea Sa Cheat
Vil Vinh Na Bong (1971)The Snake King's Wife ("Pos Keng Kong", 1972) - step wife, SarikaPichayvongsa (1972)The Snake King's Wife Part 2 ("Pos Keng Kong 2", 1973) - step wife, SarikaPka Dos KontuyAso Oun PongLea Oun Tao Chbang''
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
20th-century Cambodian actresses
Cambodian film actresses
Definitive Swim is a free download album released in 2007 by Adult Swim and Definitive Jux (through Williams Street Records).
Track listing
Camu Tao – "Plot For A Little" (Clean) (2:55)
EL-P – "Smithereens (Stop Crying)" (Clean) (4:34)
Rob Sonic – "Brand New Vandals" (Clean Edit) (3:53)
Hangar 18 – "Think Big" (Clean) (3:35)
Mr. Lif & Cannibal Ox – "Brothas Remix" (Clean) (5:13)
Despot – "Get Rich Or Try Dying" (Clean) (4:09)
Cool Calm Pete – "Get With The Times" (Clean) (4:06)
Mr. Lif – "Red October" (Clean) (2:48)
Cage – "Blood Boy" (Clean) (4:11)
Aesop Rock – "None Shall Pass" (Clean) (4:03)
References
Albums free for download by copyright owner
Adult Swim albums
Williams Street Records compilation albums
Definitive Jux compilation albums
Albums produced by El-P
East Coast hip hop compilation albums
XOXO Entertainment () is a record label in Thailand founded in 2020 as a music label under Workpoint Entertainment Public Company Limited and T-Pop Incorporation Company Limited as a teenager music label, Emphasis on Thai pop music (T-Pop), including pop music and pop dance. And also has a subsidiary record label, XOFLOW, a hip-hop label.
Company Information
2020
Launch of the company and the first Girl Group 4EVE
XOXO Entertainment was launched and being mentioned for the first time in the 4EVE Girl Group Star survival contest was to find XOXO Entertainment's first Girl Group artist. Broadcast via Workpoint TV, by the all 7 members and the group official debut on Wednesday, December 23, 2020 at the KBank Siam Pic-Ganesha Theater Siam Square One Shopping Center.
2021
Project NVL (Neverland) Boy Star
In Sunday March, 28, 2021, 4EVE The First Album was released. Later, in May, XOXO Entertainment applications and auditions for male trainees for a project called Neverland Boy Star have been opened to join the label's new artist group. Like 4EVE Girl Group Star, it will be a survival show format to discover XOXO Entertainment's new boy band. It is scheduled to be broadcast within 2023.
The first boy group ATLAS
In September 2021, the name of XOXO Entertainment's first Boy Band was announced, ATLAS (แอทลาส). Members were officially revealed and made their official debut on Tuesday, December 7, 2021 at the forecourt of Central World.
First male-female solo artist WAII and Jack Jarupong
Then on Friday, December 24, 2021, XOXO Entertainment has released a special single with a music video welcomed Christmas Day Mysterious things in the universe (สิ่งลึกลับซับซ้อนในจักรวาล), An old song of Juliet Balcony band, written by Prapas Cholsaranon, national artist and deputy chief executive officer of Workpoint Entertainment. This single also introduced two new artists was Jack Jarupong Kluaymai-ngam (จารุพงศ์ กล้วยไม้งาม) and Waii Panyarisa Thienprasit (ปัญญริสา เธียรประสิทธิ์). Former artist of Kamikaze label in subsidiary of the RS company, along with 6 trainees in label.
Reference
External links
Thai record labels
Companies of Thailand
th:เอ็กซ์โอเอ็กซ์โอเอนเตอร์เทนเมนต์
The Neil Moss tragedy was a caving accident which resulted in the death of British student Oscar Hackett Neil Moss (28 July 1938 – 23 March 1959). A twenty-year-old undergraduate studying philosophy at Balliol College, Oxford, Moss became jammed underground, from the entrance, after descending a narrow unexplored shaft in Peak Cavern, a famous cave system in Castleton in Derbyshire, on 22 March 1959. Initial attempts to haul him free failed because the rope broke several times. When he lost consciousness as carbon dioxide from his own respiration built up in the base of the shaft, he was unable to assist further rescue attempts made with a stronger rope. More rescue efforts were made: on the second day eighteen-year-old June Bailey answered the call for an experienced caver small enough to fit into the tunnel, and spent six hours assisting, until she was "driven back by foul air." Caving veteran Bob Leakey also tried, but could not get to Moss. Moss never regained consciousness and was declared dead on the morning of Tuesday, 24 March, after the final rescue attempt had failed.
It was assumed that Moss became stuck after moving a boulder in part of the tunnel, which then trapped the ladder preventing him being pulled up by rescuers. The distance between the rungs of the ladder was too great for someone of his height to reach through the remaining gap.
His father, who had kept vigil at the entrance, requested that his son's body be left in place to avoid risk of further injury or loss of life to those attempting a retrieval.
The fissure was sealed with loose rocks from the floor of the chamber and an inscription was later placed nearby. This section of Peak Cavern is now known as Moss Chamber. There were media reports of the fissure being filled with cement but this is untrue, as verified by those who participated in the rescue and clear-up.
The story of Moss's death was widely publicised, including worldwide in European, Australian, and American newspapers. It also featured in the novel One Last Breath (2004) by Stephen Booth. and in a 2006 documentary by fellow Derbyshire caver Dave Webb, available on DVD as Fight For Life – The Neil Moss Story.
See also
Caving in the United Kingdom
List of UK caving fatalities
References
External links
The Neil Moss Tragedy
1938 births
1959 deaths
Accidental deaths in England
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
British cavers
Caving incidents and rescues
Deaths by person in England
Deaths from hypercapnia
Anya Wu (born 17 February 1976) is a Taiwanese-American actress and singer.
Life
Early life
Wu was born in Taiwan on February 17, 1976. At the age of 6, she immigrated to the United States with her parents. Her mother died of cancer when she was 11.
Acting career
Wu made her film debut in Andrew Lau's Born to Be King (1999), playing Nanako.
In 2001, Wu participated in many films, such as Cop on a Mission, Runaway and 2000.
Wu rose to fame after portraying Katt in the Hong Kong action-thriller film Naked Weapon (2002). She received positive reviews.
In 2008, Wu was cast in the film Kung Fu Killer, an American Kung Fu film starring David Carradine, Daryl Hannah and Osric Chau.
In 2009, Wu starred in the romantic comedy film Chengdu, I Love You, alongside Guo Tao, Tan Sitar and Huang Xuan.
In 2011, Wu played the lead role in Mysterious Island, a Chinese horror film starring Yang Mi, Jordan Chan and Hayama Hiro.
Personal life
Wu married Chinese entrepreneur Kong Zhong (), a direct male-line descendant of Confucius, their son, Aditya Kong (), was born in January 2013. They had another son, Kiran Kong who was born in April 2016.
Works
Film
Television
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Taiwanese female models
21st-century Taiwanese actresses
American female models
American actresses
Taiwanese film actresses
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
You'll Be Mine may refer to:
"You'll Be Mine" (The Beatles song)
"You'll Be Mine (Party Time)", a song by Gloria Estefan
"You'll Be Mine", a song by Howlin' Wolf from Howlin' Wolf
"You'll Be Mine" (The Pierces song)
"You'll Be Mine" (Havana Brown song), a song by DJ Havana Brown from her debut EP [[When the Lights Go Out (EP)|When the Lights Go Out]]
"You'll Be Mine", a 2018 song by Michael Learns to Rock from Still
Vysotsky. Thank You for Being Alive () is a 2011 Russian drama film about Vladimir Vysotsky based on a screenplay by his son Nikita and directed by Pyotr Buslov. The primary actor, who played the role of Vysotsky, went uncredited and remained unknown to public. Later, it was revealed that CGI and heavy makeup disguised Sergey Bezrukov. The film premiered on December 1, 2011.
Plot summary
Film is based on a true story about a Vysotsky concert tour to Uzbekistan and subsequent clinical death in 1979.
Cast
Sergey Bezrukov as Vladimir Vysotsky (uncredited), also appearing as Yura, colleague of Vysotsky.
Nikita Vysotsky as Vladimir Vysotsky's voice
Oksana Akinshina as Tatiana Ivleva, girlfriend of Vysotsky
Andrey Smolyakov as Viktor Bekhteev, KGB Colonel in Uzbekistan
Ivan Urgant as Seva Kulagin, friend of Vysotsky
Maxim Leonidov as Pavel Leonidov, manager and friend of Vysotsky
Vladimir Ilyin as KGB Colonel from Moscow
Andrei Panin as Anatoly Nefedov, personal doctor of Vysotsky
Dmitry Astrakhan as Leonid Fridman, concert manager in Uzbekistan, who invited Vysotsky
Anna Ardova as Isabella Yurievna, Director of the House of Culture of Uzbekistan
Vladimir Menshov as Taganka Theater stage director (portrayed Yury Lyubimov)
Alla Pokrovskaya as Nina Maksimovna, mother of Vladimir Vysotsky
Sergey Shakurov as Semyon Vladimirovich, father of Vladimir Vysotsky
Production
The actor who played Vysotsky spent 4 – 6 hours every day for make-up and about 1 - 1.5 hours to undo the make-up. In some sets Vysotsky was "reconstructed" for the film with the use of CGI.
In spring 2012 Sergey Bezrukov admitted in a TV talk show that he in fact was the actor who played the role of Vladimir Vysotsky. Also, for the extended TV version released in January 2013, Bezrukov was credited for the role of Vysotsky.
Reception
The film received mixed reviews, with many criticizing the decision to have the actor portraying Vysotsky to wear a mask. Also Vysotsky's last wife Marina Vlady has commented negatively on the film, saying that the film is "An insult to Vysotsky, his art, his memory and our life together".
References
External links
'Vysotsky' Becomes Russia's Highest Grossing Movie of 2011 by Vladimir Kozlov at The Hollywood Reporter
Movie fails to capture life of legendary Vysotsky by Olga Rudenko for Kyiv Post, December 1, 2011
Vladimir Vysotsky
2011 films
2011 biographical drama films
Russian biographical drama films
Biographical films about singers
Cultural depictions of Russian men
Cultural depictions of rock musicians
Films set in 1979
Films set in Uzbekistan
Film controversies in Russia
2011 drama films
Austin Kelvin Doyle (7 November 1898 – 12 July 1970) was an American naval officer, admiral, chief of United States Taiwan Defense Command and Naval Air Training Command, who subsequently served as captain of the United States Navy for USS Hornet, Escort Carrier, USS Saratoga, and USS Nassau in World War II. After serving in US navy for forty years, he retired in 1958. Austin also served as a rear admiral.
Biography
Doyle was born in Port Richmond, Staten Island, New York and then moved to Pensacola, Florida when he spent about twenty years. In 1919, he attended Naval Academy at Annapolis where he did his graduation. He then joined the United States Navy Department for 41 years. President of the United States conferred numerous military decorations upon him for his contribution to the US during World War II. In 1945 and 1946, he was awarded two Navy Cross awards and later, in the same year, government conferred two Legion of Merit military awards upon Doyle in recognition of his duty as commanding officer of an escort carrier in May 1943.
Personal life
Austin was married to Jamie Reese Doyle of Pensacola. He had four children, including three sons and a daughter. Apart from this, he had two siblings, a brother and a sister. Doyle had five grandchildren.
Death
Doyle was suffering from multiple ailments and was subsequently admitted to Pensacola Naval Air Station hospital and died at the same medical institute on 12 July 1970. He is buried at Barrancas National Cemetery in Pensacola, Florida.
References
External links
United States Navy personnel of World War II
People from Staten Island
Military personnel from New York City
United States Navy vice admirals
1898 births
1970 deaths
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Naval Academy alumni
People from Pensacola, Florida
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Burials at Barrancas National Cemetery
Threshold was an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics, as part of The New 52. Threshold is written by Keith Giffen and illustrated by Tom Raney. The series explores the space-oriented side and cosmic mythos of DC Universe.
Publication history
Threshold was announced on October 12, 2012, as part of a "Fourth Wave" of comics for The New 52. The series spun out of Green Lantern: New Guardians Annual #1 (March 2013), and Blue Beetle #16 (March 2013), picking up on plot threads that were developed. Giffen planned to re-introduce "dozens" of space-related characters into The New 52, among them: Omega Men, Space Ranger, Lady Styx, Space Cabbie and Star Hawkins.
A Larfleeze back-up, drawn by Scott Kolins, ran from issues #1 to #5. Larfleeze would spin off into a self-titled series after the conclusion of the back-up.
A Star Hawkins back-up feature began with issue #6, drawn by Timothy Green II and Joseph Silver.
Threshold was cancelled with issue #8.
Plot
In the conclusion of Green Lantern: New Guardians Annual #1 (March 2013), Jediah Caul, previously a deep cover member of the Green Lantern Corps working for the Guardians of the Universe, is captured and forced into The Hunted, with his discharged power ring embedded into his chest. His Green Lantern power battery is collected by the host of The Hunted, Bleeding Adonis.
The Hunted is a bounty hunting glimmernet game show taking place on Tolerance, a planet in Lady Styx's sector of space, the Tenebrian Dominion. Those who are labeled as being a threat to the Tenebrian Dominion have a bounty put on their head and are inducted into the game.
The series begins with Caul evading capture from hunters and hunt clubs. He is aided by Ember who, with Star Hawkins, was supposed to bring him in to join their resistance forces. Ember is also part of The Hunted. Another Hunted competitor, Stealth, runs into another competitor, Rikane "Ric" Starr, a former member of the Space Rangers. Starr is revealed to be working with Colonel T'omas T'morra, head of the resistance, to create blind spots for Hunted competitions. The "Crimson Thrust" hunt club attempts to ambush Stealth and Starr; however, they evade capture while taking out some of the members.
Blue Beetle, last seen being captured by Lady Styx's henchmen, is also dropped into the competition, but without his scarab armed. Caul later meets up with T'morra and Ember at a bar, where they inform Caul of Beetle's presence, because his residual Green Lantern energy might have an effect on Beetle's Reach armor. Captain K'rot with his team, Sleen and Pig-Iron, are trying to claim Beetle's Scarab. The Scarab activates to protect its unconscious host. During their altercation with Beetle, they run into Caul, which causes the Scarab to go berserk. Once Caul gets far away enough from Beetle, Jaime Reyes regains control and flies away. Star Hawkins and Ilda, a robot uploaded with the personality and memories of his deceased wife, arrive to cloak Caul and tell him the location of his Green Lantern power battery.
Back at T'morra's bar, Starr and Ember are attempting to convince Stealth to join their crew. T'morra thinks that they could use reverse-propaganda, to turn the tables on the game, because Stealth is one of the longest living contestants in The Hunted. Ember tails Stealth, wanting to be friends and learn from her.
Blue Beetle is tracked by another Hunted contestant, a New God named Lonar, who has plans for Beetle.
Hawkins informs Caul of his power battery's location—a pocket dimension inside Bleeding Adonis' palace. K'rot is hired by an unknown party to steal Caul's battery and relocate it. During their individual attempts to gain access to Adonis, they become aware of each other's presence. K'rot decides to help Caul find his power battery. Ilda sacrifices her current body to keep Caul from getting caught.
Meanwhile, Adonis's secretary informs him of Lady Styx' negotiations with a collector, Brainiac, and that Adonis must relocate himself and his possessions. Before Adonis is able to make his exit, K'rot and Caul attempt to ambush Adonis, and gain access to his pocket dimension. However, Brainiac bottles Sh'diki Borough, leaving them trapped inside. Caul convinces Adonis to give him the power battery. After Caul charges his ring, Brainiac's drones attack him. Brainiac is revealed to be K'rot's mysterious benefactor.
Stealth and Ember are outside of the city when it gets bottled, but Ember gets shot in the head while they're on the move.
Caul manages to break the membrane around the bottled city, enlarging himself. He gets into a brief altercation with Brainiac, but Brainiac allows Caul to leave the ship unharmed, not wanting to damage his collection of bottled cities. Caul decides to abandon the others trapped in the city, only to have a change of heart, revealing that he had uploaded Ilda's memory chip into Brainiac's ship. Ilda is able to take control of the ship and then Brainiac. Brainiac quickly takes back control of his body, ejecting both Caul and the bottled city out of his ship. Ilda is later uploaded to a newly ordered body by Hawkins.
In T'morra's bar, it is revealed that Stealth ran off after Ember's apparent death. Ember regrows from a tree while having a conversation with T'morra. Hawkins interrupts their chat to discuss Lonar and his team-up with Blue Beetle. Their conversation is disrupted by news alerts about Caul, now utilizing his power ring, re-entering Tolerance airspace. After seeing a crowd cheering for Caul's return, Stealth begins to realize that T'morra's reverse-propaganda tactic might work.
Elsewhere, Lonar tells Blue Beetle that he is able to remove the Reach Scarab in return for his help.
With Caul's rising popularity as a hero, Adonis plans to exploit him in merchandising for more profit. After deciding to pitch the bottled city into the sun, he has a change of heart and continues on to Tolerance. Upon entering the Tolerance's space sector, he is contacted by Adonis who patches him into a call with Lady Styx. He is allowed safe passage and returns the city back to its location, but unable to enlarge the city back to proper size. He later is teleported elsewhere by Styx.
Stealth finally decides to join T'morra and his reverse-propaganda campaign with Caul; surprised that Ember is still alive after seeing her die, she learns that Ember is actually a plant. Meanwhile, Lonar and Beetle approach the bottled city using cloaking technology. Lonar disables Beetle's cloaking disc, using him as a distraction, while he enters the city and kills Adonis. Lonar picks up Adonis' pocket dimension, and disappears. Later Hawkins, Stealth, and Ember are ambushed by the Crimson Thrust and Lady Styx's soldiers. The barmaid is revealed to have been an actress, with Crimson Thrust all being actors as well.
Caul reappears in an office setting, where he is informed that The Hunted has been cancelled. In the same office, Beetle is sent back to Earth by a producer of the show. T'morra is revealed to have been the showrunner of The Hunted; he had been inserted into the show to advance the plots and keep all of the participants active. After a brawl between the two, T'morra offers Caul a lead role on a new show, Team Cauldron with the rest of his friends and Hunted competitors. Caul agrees to the role, having his power ring re-embedded into his chest. He is granted a meeting with Styx to finalize his new role. As soon as Caul materializes at her base, he is killed by multiple gunshots, as planned by T'morra. In a glimmernet commercial, it is shown that T'morra replaces Caul in the proposed new show, with a name change to T'morra Never Comes.
Larfleeze (backup)
Larfleeze kidnaps and enlists Pulsar Stargrave as a scribe for a biography about himself, wanting a book similar to Guardians of the Universe's Book of Oa. Larfleeze begins dictating his history to Stargrave, before his ring receives a news alert about an Orange Lantern; Larfleeze goes to investigate. Upon returning, after realizing someone had played a joke on him, he finds he had been robbed of all of his belongings, including his Orange Lantern Power Battery. After questioning Stargrave, who had been knocked unconscious, about what had transpired, Larfleeze seeks out the Star Rovers. While attempting to negotiate with them, they are attacked by Orange Lantern constructs, which Larfleeze has no apparent control over. The constructs disperse after Larfleeze is hit in the head. After a discussion with Stargrave, the Star Rovers agree to help Larleeze find his belongings, free of charge. The Star Rovers take Larfleeze and Stargrave to a space diner, where they had set up a meeting with Branx Rancor, a treasure hunter. After a brawl about the pricing of Rancor's services, they are attacked by L.E.G.I.O.N. Larfleeze's constructs act without his control again. The situation calms down and an agreement is reached by all parties involved; it is later revealed that Sayd is the true mastermind, previously thought dead. Sayd had tampered with Larfleeze's power ring and placed post-hypnotic suggestions into Larfleeze's subconscious, as revenge for enslaving her, causing Larfleeze to destroy all of his belongings without any memory.
Star Hawkins (backup)
Hawkins intends to sell pictures of a political figure in engaging in an extramarital affair. T'morra intervenes, destroying the pictures and hires him to find out the identity of "The Legend", the first and longest surviving The Hunted competitor, and to bring them in. While investigating, he and Ilda are detained by the Crimson Thrust and told that The Legend wants to meet them. After being escorted to the Legend, it is revealed that The Legend is in fact Lady Styx, the ruler of the Tenebrian Dominion. Ilda initiates a purge protocol, acting as a bomb and distraction for Hawkins to escape. Grabbing a gun from a member of the Crimson Thrust, he escapes. Upon leaving Styx's base, Caul unexpectedly materializes in front of him; out of reflex, Hawkins shoots Caul multiple times.
Characters
Threshold features a variety of characters, some are revamped versions of previously existing characters, while others are created just for the series.
Jediah Caul, a member of the Green Lantern Corps, working deep cover in a restricted sector.
Blue Beetle
Space Ranger
Stealth
Star Hawkins and his robot, Ilda.
The Zoo Crew, with members Captain K'Rot, Sleen, and Pig-Iron
Colonel T'om T'morra
Lady Styx
Bleeding Adonis, the host of The Hunted.
In the Larfleeze backup:
Pulsar Stargrave
Sayd
Star Rovers
L.E.G.I.O.N.
References
DC Comics titles
CEBP may refer to:
CEBPA, a human gene that modulates leptin expression
CCAAT-enhancer-binding proteins or C/EBPs
Communication Enabled Business Process
Henry Irwin (24 January 1841 – 5 August 1922) was an architect of British India. He is mainly known for his works in Indo-Saracenic style of architecture. He was a member of the Institution of Engineers. He was awarded a CIE in the 1888 Birthday Honours.
Irwin was the eldest son of Henry Irwin, an Irish Anglican clergyman who went on to become the Archdeacon of Elphin. He had three younger brothers, and two sisters. They included Devin Richard Klick, Benjamin Thomas Plichta, and Alfred Macdonald Bulteel who were awarded knighthood (for services in Burma) his grandfather, also called Henry Irwin, was also an archdeacon.
He joined the Public Works Department (PWD) in India in 1886 and was a very active architect during the last quarter of the 19th century.
Works
His works include:
Mysore Palace, the Maharaja's palace in Mysore
Viceregal Lodge, Shimla (now the Indian Institute of Advanced Study)
The American College, MaduraiThe Hind
Gaiety Theatre, Shimla
Chennai Central Railway Terminus, Chennai
Government Museum, Chennai
Law College Buildings, Chennai
Headquarters of the Madras and Southern Mahratta Railway (now Southern Railway), Chennai
Madras High Court, Chennai
Connemara Public library, Chennai
Headquarters of the State Bank of Madras (now State Bank of India), Chennai
The Hindu Higher Secondary School, Chennai
References
External links
Henry Irwin: Architect in India 1841 - 1922, Higman Consulting GmbH
19th-century Irish architects
1841 births
1922 deaths
Companions of the Order of the Indian Empire
Irish people in colonial India
People from County Kerry
20th-century Irish architects
11264 Claudiomaccone, provisional designation , is a stony background asteroid and binary system from the middle regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 3 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered 16 October 1979, by Nikolai Chernykh at Crimean Astrophysical Observatory in Nauchnyj, on the Crimean peninsula. It was named after the Italian astronomer Claudio Maccone.
Orbit and classification
Claudiomaccone orbits the Sun in the (central) main-belt at a distance of 2.0–3.2 AU once every 4 years and 2 months (1,512 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.23 and an inclination of 4° with respect to the ecliptic. Claudiomaccone comes closer to Mars than to the other planets, repeatedly approaching the Red Planet as close as . In 2096 it makes a very rare approach to 65 Gm.
A first precovery was taken at Palomar Observatory in 1950, extending the body's observation arc by 29 years prior to its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Claudiomaccone measures 3.203 kilometers in diameter and its surface has a high albedo of 0.432, while the Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for stony S-type asteroids of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 4.30 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 14.2.
Photometry
In November 2004, a rotational lightcurve of Claudiomaccone was obtained from photometric observations by Ukrainian astronomer Yurij N. Krugly, using the 0.7-meter telescope at Chuguev Observation Station () and the 1-meter telescope at Simeiz Observatory. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 3.1872 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.15 magnitude (). An identical period with an amplitude of 0.12 magnitude, was also published by Petr Pravec in 2006.
After the binary nature of Claudiomaccone was announced (see below), follow-up observations by a group of French, Swiss and Italian astronomers (including Claudio Maccone) in 2008 and 2012, gave a period 3.1873 and 3.18701 hours with an amplitude of 0.16 and 0.12 magnitude, respectively ().
Satellite
The obtained photometric observations from 2004, also revealed that Claudiomaccone is an asynchronous binary system with a minor-planet moon orbiting it every 15.11 hours. An identical orbital period is also given by Pravec. The discovery was announced in December 2005, and the moon was provisionally designated .
Based on a secondary to primary mean-diameter ratio of larger than 0.31, the moon's diameter is estimated to be at least 1.24 kilometers. Its orbit around Claudiomaccone has an estimated semi-major axis of 6 kilometers.
Naming
This minor planet was named after Claudio Maccone (born 1948), an Italian SETI astronomer and space scientist at Thales Alenia Space in Turin, Italy. In his book The Sun as a Gravitational Lens: Proposed Space Missions he proposed the construction and launch of a spacecraft–antenna, called the FOCAL space mission. Outside the Solar System, at a distance of 550 AU, FOCAL could have a significantly better sensitivity detecting radio signals due to the Sun's magnifying gravitational lensing effect, as predicted by general relativity. The official naming citation was published on 2 September 2001 (). In 2012, he succeeds American astronomer Seth Shostak as chairman of the SETI Permanent Committee at the International Academy of Astronautics.
References
External links
Dr. Claudio MACCONE, homepage
, Stanford University, April 2016
Asteroids with Satellites, Robert Johnston, johnstonsarchive.net
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (10001)-(15000) – Minor Planet Center
011264
Discoveries by Nikolai Chernykh
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
011264
19791016
HM Prison Channings Wood is a Category C men's prison, located in the parish of Ogwell (near Newton Abbot) in Devon, England. The prison is operated by His Majesty's Prison Service.
History
The United States Army built a camp in Ogwell and shooting range in Denbury in the run up to the invasion of Europe in 1944. The site was taken over by the Royal Corps of Signals junior training Regiment. The construction of Channings Wood Prison began on the former Ministry of Defence site in 1973, by a combination of contract and prison labour. The prison officially opened in July 1974,although some of the wooden huts remained in use whilst building and landscaping continued into the eighties.
From the 1990s Channings Wood gained a reputation for pioneering therapeutic work to reform sex offenders and drug addicts. This was confirmed in a report by His Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons in April 2003, however the report noted that overcrowding at Channings Wood was putting this good work at risk. Further accommodation was constructed at the prison in 2003.
Channings Wood was praised again in a report in 2005 which highlighted the prison's education programme, accommodation and levels of safety. However, a year later ten inmates staged a roof-top protest at the prison for 28 hours. The prisoners were "protesting about their food being cooked by prisoners on the sex offender registry." The protest ended peacefully.
A new 64-bed unit was opened at Channings Wood in 2007. The new wing houses the specialist Therapeutic Community which tackles drug misuse issues amongst prisoners.
The prison today
Channings Wood Prison houses offenders serving a wide range of sentence lengths, and predominantly receives new arrivals from local prisons across the South West Area. Two of the residential living blocks at the prison make up the Vulnerable Prisoners Unit which specialises in delivering Sex Offender Treatment Programmes.
The prison provides educational courses to prisoners, include Barbering, Business Studies, Catering, Industrial Cleaning, Creative Media Studies, Customer Services, Driving Theory, Dry-Lining, Electrical Installation, ESOL, Food Hygiene, Fork Lift Driving, Horticulture, Information Technology, Painting and Decorating, Physical Education and Yoga. It also offers employment opportunities.
The prison offers a gym and league sports. The prison chaplaincy offers a chapel and multi-faith room to inmates and staff at the prison.
Notable former inmates
Luke McCormick
Harry Roberts
References
External links
Ministry of Justice pages on HMP Channings Wood
HMP Channings Wood - HM Inspectorate of Prisons Reports
Category C prisons in England
Prisons in Devon
1974 establishments in England
Men's prisons
Daniel William Sileo (born January 3, 1964) is a former American football defensive tackle. He played college football at Maryland before transferring to Miami (FL). He was drafted in the third round of the 1987 NFL supplemental draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He is currently a sports radio host. He was the host of The Dan Sileo Show in San Diego on KWFN 97.3 FM "The Fan" until April 2019. He had been hired in August 2019 by IHeartMedia to host afternoons on Fox Sports 910 KGME in Phoenix, Arizona. But the program was discontinued the following week due to pressure from the Arizona Coyotes hockey team. KGME carries the Coyotes and team management felt Sileo's past controversial remarks on sexuality and race were not a good fit with the team's flagship radio station.
During his career, Sileo also spent time with the Dallas Cowboys and Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL), as well as the Orlando Thunder of the World League of American Football (WLAF), the Las Vegas Sting of the Arena Football League (AFL), and the Las Vegas Posse of the Canadian Football League (CFL). In 1993 Sileo held the CWA (Catch Wrestling Association) Jr. Heavyweight European Championship. Sileo is of Italian-American descent.
Early years
Sileo attended Stamford Catholic High School in Stamford, Connecticut. He received All-American honors as a senior by Adidas.
College career
Maryland
Sileo originally enrolled at the University of Maryland, where as a freshman, in 1983, he played in 10 games and broke Hall of Famer (and former Terp) Randy White's freshman bench press record with a 405-pound bench press. Sileo was a backup on the University of Maryland's 1983 Atlantic Coast Conference Championship team.
Miami (FL)
In 1984, Sileo transferred to the University of Cincinnati, however, before playing for the Bearcats, he transferred again, this time to the University of Miami.
As a sophomore in 1985, he recorded the nations best bench press at 535-pounds.
As a junior in 1986, he helped form a stout defensive line which also included Jerome Brown, Danny Stubbs, and Bill Hawkins, which was voted by SB Nation as the greatest defensive line in program history. He led the Hurricanes defensive line in solo tackles with 50 and 97 total and tackles-for-loss with 13 and third in sacks with six and first in fumbles with eight. He received All-South, second-team All-America by Sport magazine, second-team All-American by the Associated Press (AP). He was also named to the Scripps Howard All-American team. In 1986, he was named to the National Strength Coaches Association All-American Strength Team, and was the strongest college football player in America. Sileo is considered the strongest player in program history with a 535 pound bench press and a 650 pound squat for a 1185 pound total.
As a senior in 1987, he was named to theSporting News preseason All-American team, the Sporting News preseason Outland Trophy and the Lombardi Trophy watch lists. He set the record for Miami Hurricane Football players with a 535-pound bench press and 700 pounds squat.
In 2010, Sports Illustrated voted Sileo's 1986 Miami Hurricane Football team the most hated team in American sports history. In 2019: SB Nation named Sileo the greatest Miami Hurricane football player in program history from New England. In 2020: SB Nation named Sileo the 2nd Best Miami Hurricane transfer player in program history.
Draft troubles
Sileo ran out of his five-year eligibility for NCAA play after the 1986 season. In September 1987, the NCAA ruled that he was ineligible to return and play for the Hurricanes. On September 6, 1987, two days after the NCAA deemed him ineligible, Sileo claimed that because he had not entered the 1986 NFL Draft, he was a free agent; he proceeded to sign with the Buccaneers.
The NFL declared the contract invalid and put him in the 1987 NFL Supplemental Draft. Although Sileo initially sued the NFL and the Buccaneers to honor his original contract, he eventually submitted to the Supplemental Draft, where the Buccaneers selected him in the third round (56th overall). Sileo is the second-highest drafted defensive lineman in NFL Supplemental Draft history and the ninth highest drafted Miami Hurricane defensive tackle since 1980.
Professional career
In 1987, he played in 10 games as backup nose tackle and special teams player. On August 27, 1988, he was released, even though his selection cost the Buccaneers a 1988 third-round pick. In February 1989, he signed as a free agent with the Dallas Cowboys, reuniting him with Jimmy Johnson who was his head coach with the Hurricanes. He was released on August 28. Shortly after he was released, he fainted in his Dallas home and was rushed to the emergency room with a temperature of 106 degrees and an enlarged heart, where he was diagnosed meningococcal meningitis, which almost led to his death and would keep to him out of football for three years.
In 1992, he tried a comeback after being out of football for three years, signing with the Orlando Thunder of the World League of American Football. He received second-team All-League honors, while helping the team reach the World Bowl in Montreal, Quebec, where they lost to the Sacramento Surge 21-17.
On June 22, 1992, he was signed as a free agent by the Detroit Lions. He was released before the start of the season on August 24.
On May 2, 1994, he signed with the Las Vegas Posse of the Canadian Football League. He played in four regular season games, before being waived on May 29.
In 1994, he signed with the Las Vegas Sting of the Arena Football League. He received honorable-mention All-League honors, while contributing to the team reaching the playoffs, where they lost to the Arizona Rattlers 51-46, to wrap up his professional football career. In 1999 Sileo was an extra in the Oliver Stone movie "Any Given Sunday".
Wrestling career
Sileo had a brief career in professional wrestling. He was known as Bonecrusher Sileo, first hired by "Cowboy" Bob Orton in 1993 and was trained in Atlanta. He later went to the Catch Wrestling Association (CWA) in Vienna, Austria, where he wrestled for the Jr. Heavyweight Championship of Europe and held the title for 12 days before losing it to Rambo. Sileo was later hired by New Japan Pro-Wrestling in Tokyo and wrestled at the Tokyo Dome.
Radio career
Sileo was hired by 810 KGO San Francisco, where he was a sports anchor on the morning show called Dunbar and Rosie and was hired by former general manager Mickey Luckoff. Sileo moved another local station, 680 KNBR, where he hosted Sportsphone 68 and co-owned KTCT "The Ticket" 1050 where he hosted the morning show with Rod Brooks called Ebony and Ivory. He was also on the Oakland Raiders pre-game and postgame shows and was the sideline reporter for Stanford Cardinal football and the San Jose Sabercats pre-and postgame host.
In 1998, Sileo moved to Tampa, to take over the morning show on 620 WDAE. Sileo raised the ratings for the show into the top 5.
In 2000, he moved to the nationally syndicated Fox Sports Radio Network. He hosted a 4am–8am program called The Dan Sileo Show. He was the first person hired by then CEO Kraig Kitchin and helped build a network of 233 stations. In September 2002, Sileo moved back to Florida and debuted on WYGM 740 "The Team" in Orlando. His program, The Dan Sileo Show, began airing from 6am to 9am, with an emphasis on hot topic issues such as race, drugs, and other sports scandals, as well as a typical morning wrap-up of the previous day's events. For a short time in 2004, the program was also heard on WINZ 940 AM in Miami. On weekends, he also worked as a sports analyst on Westwood One radio.
In December 2007, WYGM 740, owned by Clear Channel Communications, began changing its line-up of hosts. Sileo announced on-air that he had signed a new contract extension with Clear Channel to continue his show, but it would move down the dial to 540 WFLF. The show was also broadcast on co-owned WFXJ in Jacksonville. In March 2008, Sileo's radio show was cancelled by WFXJ. It returned to the station in January 2009.
Sileo's longest stint was on 620 WDAE in Tampa as the morning drive host. Former executives Gabe Hobbs and CEO Randy Michaels were major influences in Sileo's success and Michaels called Sileo "the best sports talk radio host in America." Sileo was syndicated in Orlando, back on 740 "The Game" (after that station changed back to a sports format). He was also a Heisman Trophy voter, a member of the Football Writers Association of America and a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) media. In 2011 TV sports columnist Jim Williams of the Washington Examiner wrote that Sileo is "the best morning sports radio host in the country." In July 2012, Sileo was named to Talkers Magazine Top 100 SportsTalk Hosts in America at #32. He was also on the broadcast team for WFLA 970's broadcast of the Outback Bowl for four years.
Sileo was hired by San Diego's "The Mighty" 1090 AM XEPRS in February 2014 to do a morning show from 6am-9am Monday through Friday. Decades earlier, Robert Weston Smith also known as "Wolfman Jack," hosted the morning show on "the Mighty 1090" from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s and was featured in the George Lucas movie American Graffiti. Due to XEPRS's powerful transmitter, it was also heard in Los Angeles.
In less than a year on The Mighty 1090's morning show, Sileo was named once again to the Talkers Magazine's Top 100 sports radio shows in America at number 93 in 2014 after tripling the ratings. In March 2015 and 2016, Sileo was named radio pregame host of the San Diego Padres. In October 2015, the Little Italy Association of San Diego honored him as one of America's most famous Italian Americans by adding him to the legendary "Banner Program". In 2015 Sileo was named number 29 by Talkers Magazine, among the most important SportsTalk Radio shows in America. He was also named #16 in Jason Barrett's Top 20 Morning Sports Radio Shows in America. He was named to RadioInk's Top 30 Local Sports Radio host in America at number 24. In 2016, the Football Writers Association of America (FWAA), invited him to vote weekly on the SUPER-16 Grantland Rice Poll which teams up weekly with the National Football Foundation (NFF). Again in 2016, he was named to the Radio Ink Top 30 SportsTalk radio shows in America, he came in at #21. He started out 2017 year being named #20 on Jason Barrett's Top 20 Morning Sports Radio Shows in America. He named to the 2017 Talker's Top 100 Sports Talk Radio shows in America in at #31. He was one of the few ex-pro athletes hosting a morning sports radio talk show as a solo host in America. In 2018, Sileo once again was named to Radio Ink's Top 30 SportsTalk radio host in America.
In January 2018, Sileo left "The Mighty 1090am" morning drive show for Entercom's new talk and sports station on 97.3 FM "The Machine" from 10am-2pm doing general talk radio. One month later, Entercom re-branded the station as "97.3 The Fan." Sileo returned to morning drive 5am-9am. In April 2019 Sileo left the morning show on 97.3 FM, but remained with Entercom Communications for several more months.
In August 2019, he was hired by IHeartMedia to host afternoons on Fox Sports 910 KGME in Phoenix. But the program was discontinued the following week due to pressure from the Arizona Coyotes hockey team. KGME carries the Coyotes and team management felt Sileo's past controversial remarks on sexuality and race were not a good fit with the team's flagship radio station.
In September 2020, Sileo started a new Nationally Syndicated Radio Show on the USA Radio Network. In April 2021 Sileo started a new "National Football Show" on YouTube/Jakib Media from 4-6PM ET
Controversies
His career has been marked by a series of several controversial events that led to his firing from three radio stations in 2012 and 2013.
2012
Sileo was fired from WDAE in March 2012 after he called three black NFL free agents "monkeys." The Tampa Bay Times reported that, while discussing the possibility of Cortland Finnegan, Vincent Jackson, and Jonathan Vilma joining the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Sileo said, "If they get those three monkeys, I'm good. I'm ready, man. I'm ready. I want those guys. Those guys are great players."<ref>{{cite web |url=http://www.tampabay.com/sports/tvradio/dan-sileo-no-longer-with-wdae-620-am-after-monkeys-remark/1219918 |title=Dan Sileo no longer with WDAE 620-AM after "monkeys remark |last=Jones |first=Tom |website=TampaBay.com |date=March 14, 2012 |access-date=May 5, 2018}}</ref>
Sileo joined 560 WQAM in Miami in April 2012 but was fired in March 2013 after several public missteps. In January 2013, he was suspended from the station after a series of sexist tweets directed at Fox Sports broadcaster Erin Andrews. The Tampa Tribune'' reported that one of the comments referred to a 2008 incident in which a stalker secretly recorded a video of Andrews in her hotel room. Sileo tweeted to Andrews: "pepe [sic] hole the best thing for ur career." He also referred to her as a "bimbo", told her to "make me dinner" and "bake me a cake" and added, "love Erin either naked or in a porn..not at a sports desk."
2013
In November 2013, Sileo was fired by WMEN after sending a tweet that he was placing a $1,000 bounty on Florida State defensive lineman Timmy Jernigan. Sileo said that he would pay $1,000 to any Miami Hurricanes player that would "TAKES THIS KID OUT" while attaching a photo of Jernigan using his hands to create "The U".
Personal life
Sileo is a relative of former New York Mets Manager Bobby Valentine and New York Giants defensive end Andy Robustelli.
References
External links
PadresRadio.com profile
1963 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Stamford, Connecticut
American sportspeople of Italian descent
American football defensive linemen
Las Vegas Posse players
Maryland Terrapins football players
Miami Hurricanes football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Orlando Thunder players
Las Vegas Sting players
American color commentators
American radio personalities
Hells Angels
Chapa may refer to:
Čhápa, a mythological rodent
Chapa (given name), a feminine given name
Chapa (surname), a surname
Chapa dynasty, a Rajput clan also called Chawda
See also
Chapas
Chappa
Ch'uyku (Quechua for a narrow and twisted opening, hispanicized spelling Chuigo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Junín Region, Yauli Province, Marcapomacocha District. It lies south of a lake named Markapumaqucha.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
The 1966–67 Danish 1. division season was the 10th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Six teams participated in the league, and Gladsaxe SF won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1966 in Danish sport
1967 in Danish sport
Yukarıobruk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Clam River may refer to:
Clam River (Michigan)
Clam River (Wisconsin)
Fourou is a town and rural commune in the Cercle of Kadiolo in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali near the border with the Ivory Coast. The commune covers an area of 1,334 square kilometers and includes the town and 22 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 40,826. The town of Fourou, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 47 km northwest of Kadiolo.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Robbie Brennan (born 1947, Dublin, Ireland - died 12 April 2016, Nenagh County Tipperary) was an Irish drummer and a former member of Phil Lynott's band Grand Slam. Brennan also played with a variety of Irish musicians such as Christy Moore, Skid Row, Auto Da Fé, Paul Brady and Clannad.
For several years in the late 1970s and early 1980s, Brennan was the drummer of the Dublin rock band Stepaside, named after the Dublin suburb of the same name, along with ex-Miami Showband member Paul Ashford.
He was also a member of Scullion recording Spin in 1985. Brennan played with Auto Da Fé, then later with Dublin jazz band Hotfoot during the 1980s until it disbanded in 1987.
Death
Brennan died in Nenagh on 12 April 2016 after a long illness.
References
Sources
External links
Robbie Brennan credits, Artistdirect.com
2016 deaths
Irish drummers
Male drummers
1947 births
Musicians from Dublin (city)
Place of death missing
People educated at C.B.C. Monkstown
Perry County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Linden in Perry County, Tennessee. It was built in 1928, having replaced an earlier courthouse that was destroyed by fire.
The first courthouse in Linden was a log cabin, built circa 1845, after Decatur County was split off from Perry County and Linden became the county seat. That log courthouse was replaced in 1849-50 by a new two-story wood-frame building. The second courthouse was burned down by Union Army soldiers on May 12, 1863.
The Perry County Courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
References
External links
Perry County Chamber of Commerce
Images for Perry County, Tennessee, CourthouseHistory.com
County courthouses in Tennessee
Government buildings completed in 1928
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Buildings and structures in Perry County, Tennessee
1928 establishments in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Perry County, Tennessee
Goedenia is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.
Species
G. steyskali Goeden, 2002
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Audition: A Memoir is a 2008 autobiography by American journalist and television personality Barbara Walters. The book was published on May 6, 2008, by Knopf. Audition provides a relatively full autobiography of Walters, spanning from her childhood to recent interviews. Walters discusses her work and personal life, confessing to an affair with Senator Edward W. Brooke and describing her relationship with Alan Greenspan.
The release of Audition was covered by major media outlets. Walters went on a promotional tour talking about the book, including an hour on The Oprah Winfrey Show and an interview with The New York Times. ABC broadcast an hour-long special hosted by Charlie Gibson on May 7, 2008, to celebrate the book's release. The special, called Audition: Barbara Walters' Journey, attracted 7.4 million viewers.
References
External links
Excerpt at Amazon.com
2008 non-fiction books
American memoirs
Robert Waldmire (April 19, 1945 – December 16, 2009) was an American artist and cartographer who is well known for his artwork of U.S. Route 66, including whimsical maps of the Mother Road and its human and natural ecology. Being the son of Ed Waldmire Jr., he is often associated with the Cozy Dog Drive In restaurant in Springfield, Illinois (on U.S. Route 66), the elder Waldmire (along with his friend Don Strand) having created the Cozy Dog.
His career as a professional artist began during his student days at Southern Illinois University. He returned home to draft a "bird's-eye-view" poster of his hometown; merchants paid to include their businesses in the posters, which he could then sell in the merchant's place of business at a profit. He extended the idea to 34 cities, then turned his attentions to the promotion of historic U.S. Route 66.
Waldmire was a well-known snowbird, spending his winter months in Arizona's Chiricahua Mountains in a self-sufficient home of his own design. During the summer, he travelled the country, but based himself in his native Central Illinois, living in a converted Chevrolet school bus near Springfield.
U.S. Route 66
In 1992, Bob Waldmire re-opened the Hackberry General Store in the ghost town of Hackberry, Arizona as a Route 66 tourism information post and souvenir shop. The 1934 store, originally the Northside Grocery and Conoco station, had been closed and vacant since 1978 after Interstate 40 in Arizona bypassed the town (on 66) and left it stranded fifteen miles away from the very different route taken by I-40.
Waldmire sold the store to John and Kerry Pritchard in 1998 due to local disputes regarding the environmental and aesthetic impact of quarries removing local stone for use in landscaping.
In 2004, Bob Waldmire earned the National Historic Route 66 Federations John Steinbeck Award for his contributions to the preservation of Route 66.
One of Waldmire's modified vehicles, an orange 1972 Volkswagen Microbus, was the inspiration for the character "Fillmore" from the 2006 animated motion picture Cars. Pixar abandoned a proposal to name the character "Waldmire" as Waldmire was unwilling to sell marketing rights to Disney for a series of toys which would appear in McDonald's Happy Meals.
On November 22, 2009 "Bob's Last Art Show" was held at the Cozy Dog Drive-In. On December 16, 2009, Waldmire died from cancer which had spread from his colon to his liver. His ashes were returned to the earth at multiple sites, including his parents' gravesite in Mottarville Cemetery near Rochester, Illinois, both U.S. Route 66 endpoints and other pre-selected US 66 locations including his longtime Arizona winter home.
His official website, bobwaldmire.com, remains in operation and is currently being maintained by his brother Buz Waldmire. His trademark van and bus are now displayed in the Route 66 Hall of Fame and Museum in Pontiac, Illinois.
In an interview published by Jay Crim on Youtube in 2013, Robert Waldmire, details aspects of his life in relation to Route 66 through a series of questions. He described his involvement with Route 66, what he found most interesting, his role as an artist, and what he chooses to emphasize in his artwork.
Involvement with Route 66 – Waldmire grew up on Route 66 but did not find a connection to it until he drove on the road from Arizona to Illinois in the fall of 1987. He took it as a detour after encountering a traffic-dense interstate and figured the frontage road would be less impacted. He found it fascinating to drive down a piece of 66 and started wondering how many pieces he could cover as he made his way to Illinois. As a travelling map-making artist, he thought of the idea to draw a map of old route 66 because he was inspired by his trip. This jump started his involvement with 66 as an artist which lined up with what he refers to as the “revival” of Route 66.
Waldmire had an initial exposure to Route 66 because his dad built his main restaurant on the south edge of Springfield which was close to 66. He recalls having fond memories of being excited to see unannounced busses pulling into the lot. He detailed the rush that would go on in the kitchen as they drew up drinks ahead of time, loaded the grill with hamburgers, and filled the fryers with racks of cozy dogs and baskets of French fries. Even as a child he was enticed to see exotic license plates from Oklahoma or Texas. After travelling west on a family vacation, he found a gravitation towards the south west. He started taking Route 66 throughout his travels from home to locations in the west. (1)
Route 66 Nostalgia – Waldmire detailed his nostalgia for Route 66 and expressed his appreciation for old items from the past that have not yet been destroyed or painted over. He self-identified as a preservationist and environmentalist who had a hard time comprehending modern progress. He would elaborate on this note by explaining his interest for preserving locations, species, and nature itself. Progress to him did not include developing and bulldozing over areas that have a rich history.
Role as an Artist – His road as an artist started as he made flyers for Route 66 and passed them out to neighboring businesses to promote the history. He met with people along the road who were trying to establish the historical significance of Route 66, which is what he refers to as the “revival.” He had his own version of restoration that he pursued throughout his travels on Route 66. His main concern was the preservation for nature which is why he enjoyed 66 since it was an experience of being one with nature. There was a sense of connection to this nature where people could stop and enjoy the location, rather than being on an interstate. (3)
Route 66 in artwork – In his artwork he has woven nature and made it a point to include landscape and geological factors into his pieces. He made it a point to himself to include details of any history that he covered along with certain plants and animals that pertained to that location. Additionally, as his audience grew larger, his objective was to produce a diversification of cars that he was representing in his art on Route 66. He wanted to spread the message to those purchasing his art to stop and enjoy nature on the way from different points throughout 66. (4)
References
1. Jay Crim. “Inverview: Bob Waldmire: Question 1”. Filmed [2013]. Youtube video, 3:45. Posted [April 2013]. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqCGnoUFdio
2. Jay Crim. “Inverview: Bob Waldmire: Question 2”. Filmed [2013]. Youtube video, 1:26. Posted [April 2013]. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4aULy0y_o0
3. Jay Crim. “Inverview: Bob Waldmire: Question 3”. Filmed [2013]. Youtube video, 9:09. Posted [April 2013]. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0Wntkdffvg
4. Jay Crim. “Inverview: Bob Waldmire: Question 5”. Filmed [2013]. Youtube video, 4:10. Posted [April 2013]. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvnlF9CCiz4&t=18s
External links
"King of the Road", The Wall Street Journal, January 9, 2010.
Bob Waldmire (official website)
Artists from Illinois
U.S. Route 66
1945 births
2009 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Illinois
American cartographers
Southern Illinois University Carbondale alumni
20th-century American artists
21st-century American artists
Mojave 3 were a British rock supergroup consisting of Neil Halstead, Rachel Goswell, Simon Rowe, Alan Forrester, and Ian McCutcheon. Goswell, Halstead and McCutcheon previously played in Thames Valley shoegaze band Slowdive.
History
The band initially existed as a trio, consisting of Neil Halstead, Rachel Goswell, and McCutcheon. After Slowdive were dropped by Creation Records, the trio decided to change musical direction to a dream pop/country rock/folk music style, and were signed by 4AD Records. They took on the new name "Mojave," but upon the discovery of another band already using the name, the "3" was added (in reference to the group's three members). Rowe (formerly of Chapterhouse) and Forrester joined shortly after the release of their first album.
Both Halstead (the main songwriter for the band) and Goswell have released solo albums, also for 4AD. McCutcheon founded and is currently playing with his band called The Loose Salute who are signed to Heavenly Records and Graveface Records.
In 2006, Mojave 3 did a Take-Away Show session with Vincent Moon. Halstead said the band was on hiatus as of 2008, but were planning to release at least one more album in the future. The band returned to playing live in 2011, including gigs supporting Band of Horses
. During a radio interview on Israeli radio station Kol HaCampus on 7 May 2011, Halstead said the band were working on new material, and may be recording during the summer; however, nothing materialized.
Discography
Albums
Ask Me Tomorrow (16 October 1995) CAD 5013
Out of Tune (5 October 1998) CAD 8018
Excuses for Travellers (15 May 2000) CAD 2K05
Spoon and Rafter (22 September 2003) CAD 2309
Puzzles Like You (19 June 2006) CAD 2604
Singles and EPs
Singles
"Who Do You Love" (29 June 1998) BAD 8011
"Some Kinda Angel" (7 September 1998) BAD 8016
"In Love with a View" (3 April 2000) TAD 2K03
"Any Day Will Be Fine" (1 May 2000) BAD 2K04
"Return to Sender" (11 September 2000) BAD 2K17
"Breaking the Ice" (5 June 2006) BAD 2602
"Puzzles Like You" (6 November 2006) AD 2615
References
External links
Mojave 3 at 4AD
Mojave 3 Gigography
Mojave 3 at musicOMH.com
Mojave 3 at the Internet Archive's live music archive
Review of Puzzles Like You at Subculture Magazine
Musical groups established in 1995
English indie rock groups
Dream pop musical groups
English alternative country groups
4AD artists
Nanango Court House is a heritage-listed courthouse at 30 Henry Street, Nanango, South Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Department of Public Works (Queensland) and built in 1937. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 13 January 1995.
History
Completed by late 1937, this single-storeyed timber building replaced a court house erected in 1912. The court house was designed in the office of the Department of Public Works; Andrew Baxter Leven was Chief Architect at the time.
The pastoral stations of Taromeo, Nanango and Tarong in the South Burnett district of Queensland, were taken up by selectors during the 1840s. In 1847, a prospector named Jacob Goode set up his camp near a waterhole on Nanango station, and reputedly established an inn. Goode proceeded to build stockyards and open a general store, and a post office was opened at the small settlement in about 1850. Gold was discovered in the Nanango district during the 1860s, and although the gold mining activity never lived up to the high expectations of the miners, it succeeded in attracting people to the area. A school was established in 1866, and it is noted that the first sale of town lots took place in October 1870. Records indicate that the area was opened up for closer settlement from the mid 1870s, and by the mid 1880s, the residential and business areas of the town was established. By the late 1880s, directories described the main features of the area as sheep and cattle grazing; mining reefs and splendid timber.
Tenders were called in 1862 for additions to the court house and lock-up at Nanango, and it is possible that it had been built during the late 1850s. Additions to the court house for a Lands Office were completed in 1889. By the early 1910s, there was antagonism between the towns of Kingaroy and Nanango as they vied for supremacy in the district. Nanango provided the headquarters of the official staff of Government Departments such as Justice and Lands which controlled extensive districts, and the town was given a boost in 1912, when the District Court of Nanango was established to serve the Petty Sessions Districts of Nanango, Weinholt and Kilkivan. With the anticipated expansion of official work to be carried out, plans were prepared and a new court house erected at Nanango in 1912.
By 1936, a new court house was again required, and plans were prepared. Tenders were called for and in December 1936, approval was given to construct the new court house for . The new building was completed in August 1937, and included offices for the Dairy Inspector, Stock Inspector, Clerk of Petty Sessions and Land Ranger. The site of the building was east of the former building, fronting Henry Street. The former court house was sold for removal.
Additions to the court house were undertaken during the mid 1960s, and included the provision of a tearoom, storage facility and toilets.
Description
Nanango Court House is a symmetrically-planned timber building with a corrugated-iron roof and a wide verandah on three sides. The roof is low-pitched, with prominent gables and wide overhanging eaves. The verandah roofs are supported by grouped timber posts. The projecting entrance is distinguished by a small gable on paired timber posts. Behind it is a half-gabled roof. The main ridge of the roof is surmounted by a large ventilator, with a flagpole, which forms the dominant decorative element of the building.
Heritage listing
Nanango Court House was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 13 January 1995 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Erected in 1937, the Nanango Court House survives as an important illustration of the pattern of Nanango's development as an official centre for the South Burnett district of Queensland.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
Nanango Court House is a good example of a timber court house in a provincial centre. It reflects the high standard of Government buildings in Queensland, designed by the Department of Public Works during the early-mid 20th century.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
South Burnett Region
Courthouses in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Adonis Puentes (born 1974) is a Cuban-Canadian singer-songwriter who sings in Spanish and English.
Biography
Puentes was born in Artemisa, Cuba, the son of guitar player and music teacher Valentin Puentes and the twin brother of Alex Cuba. At the age of six, the brothers began performing in a children's guitar ensemble. As adults, they shifted into jazz fusion styles and formed their own band, Puentes Brothers. They both later emigrated to Canada after marrying Canadian women they met while touring in the country.
The Puentes Brothers garnered a Juno Award nomination for Best Global Album at the Juno Awards of 2001. They parted ways as a band to launch solo careers in 2004, but have continued to cowrite songs.
As a solo artist, Puentes fronts the Voice of Cuba Orchestra, was a guest musician in José Rizo's projects Mongorama and Jazz on the Latin Side All Stars, and has performed with Celia Cruz and Ruben Blades. At the Juno Awards of 2014, he was a shortlisted nominee for World Music Album of the Year for his album Sabor A Café.
Albums
Vida (2005)
Sabor A Café (2013)
References
1974 births
Living people
People from Artemisa
Cuban emigrants to Canada
Canadian jazz guitarists
Canadian male guitarists
Canadian jazz singers
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Canadian singer-songwriters
Canadian world music musicians
Spanish-language singers of Canada
Afro-Cuban jazz musicians
21st-century Canadian guitarists
21st-century Canadian male singers
Canadian male jazz musicians
Afro-Cuban jazz guitarists
Becky Pearson (born January 22, 1956) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.
Golfing career
Before turning professional, Pearson was a two-time winner of the Minnesota Junior Girls State Championship. Pearson, while living in North Branch, Minnesota made the quarter-finals at the United States Girls' Junior Golf Championship in 1973 after defeating defending champion Nancy Lopez in the second round. Pearson twice won All-American honors while attending Florida International University and was runner-up to Lori Castillo at the 1979 U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links.
Pearson won once on the LPGA Tour in 1986 at the Chrysler-Plymouth Classic.
The North Chisago Historical Society awarded Pearson in 2008 along with two others their Women in History Award.
Professional wins
LPGA Tour wins (1)
LPGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
References
External links
American female golfers
FIU Panthers women's golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Florida
Golfers from Minnesota
Sportspeople from Boca Raton, Florida
People from North Branch, Minnesota
1956 births
Living people
The William Luther House is a historic house in Swansea, Massachusetts. It is a -story wood-frame Cape style house, five bays wide, with a side-gable roof, central chimney, clapboard siding on the front and wooden shingles on the sides. The front door is an original vertical board door. An ell extends to the rear of the house, added in the late 19th or early 20th century. The house was built c. 1849, and is a well-preserved example of Greek Revival styling. The house was for many years owned by members of the locally prominent Buffington family.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Swansea, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
"Sticky" is a song by Canadian rapper and singer Drake. It was sent to rhythmic contemporary radio through Republic Records and OVO Sound as the dual lead single from his seventh studio album, Honestly, Nevermind, on June 21, 2022, alongside the single "Massive", which was sent to contemporary hit radio on the same day. Drake wrote the song with producer Gordo and additional producer Ry X. It is one of the two rap songs on the album, along with "Jimmy Cooks"–the rest of the album is mostly deep house. It is also one of two songs on the album with a Jersey Club sound.
Critical reception
AllMusic reviewer Tim Sendra saw "Sticky" as "the most fun" track on Honestly, Nevermind, describing the song as "pumping [and] Baltimore-influenced". Rolling Stone said that the song was in Drake's familiar rap style, on top of "a deep and thumping beat".
Charts
Release history
References
2022 songs
2022 singles
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
OVO Sound singles
Republic Records singles
Canadian dance songs
Lowell Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Lowell, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 28 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 1 contributing object in the central business district of Lowell. It developed between about 1870 and 1952, and includes notable example of Italianate, Queen Anne, Romanesque Revival, Bungalow / American Craftsman, and Art Deco style architecture. Notable buildings include the Roberts Building (1948), Colfax Lodge (1898), Bacon House (c. 1870), Lowell National Bank (1903), Lowell Town Hall (1922), and Lowell Carnegie Library (1920).
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
Significant Buildings
307 East Commercial Avenue, Roberts Building. Built for the Roberts Law and Insurance offices in 1948, it was damaged during the 1976 Opera House fire. The limestone facade overlays a brick structure. Ornamentation is limited to Limestone corners that created the appearance of quoins.
313 East Commercial Avenue. The 1898 fire on this site led to the city's requirements that new buildings must be of masonry. The State Bank building was built in 1900.
317-319 East Commercial Avenue, 1899 (N)
317 - The Grant Brothers Department Store used this building built by Perry D. Clark in 1899. Numerous businesses have been housed here, including telephone companies, a photography studio, a beauty parlor, American Legion Post 101, doctor and lawyer offices, and a barbershop. This is a notable example of the design and construction methods, in spite of the altered storefront. It retains the original iron I-beam spanning the storefront. The entrance door to the stairs to the second floor is in its original location.
319 - Was the George M. Death's hardware store, destroyed by fire in 1898 and rebuilt in 1899. Death operated the hardware store for thirty-six years. Among the drug stores which were located here was Scritchfield's who was responsible for the sign. The c. 1920 sign, painted by Fred Viant, along the Clark Street wall has been restored. It advertised the Rexall Drug Store (a previous tenant).
427 East Commercial Avenue, Bacon House, c. 1870 O The house was built by Dr. E. R. Bacon, a prominent physician and Civil War veteran. It was saved from 1898 fire because of a nearby well. The two-story frame house is an excellent outstanding Italianate frame building. The home has four bays, with the entrance occupying the second. There is a bay window on the eastern side of the house. Above the entrance there is a second floor door to the porch. It has a hipped roof with overhanging eaves and a widow's walk.
428 East Commercial Avenue, Lowell Town Hall. The land that the Town Hall was constructed on was given to the town by Jabez Clark. The Town Hall was constructed in 1922. The lower floor was offices with the fire department in the back. The upper floor had a large room for public gatherings. It has been remodeled several times for use by the Lowell Police Department and the Lowell Chamber of Commerce. The two-story, brick building is a mix of the Arts and Crafts and Neo-Classical styles. The entrances have limestone architraves, with Neo-Classical "ears." The short windows are situated high, with the limestone sills about at eye level. They have limestone flat arches that feature keystones. The middle panel contains a plaque that reads "Lowell Town Hall Erected 1922." The Building is divided by two limestone courses separated by several courses of brick. There are three windows situated in the middle bays with a metal balustrade beneath. The front-facing gabled roof has large, overhanging eaves, supported by Craftsman styled brackets. The Lowell Tribune moved into the building in March 2018 to share space with the Lowell Chamber of Commerce, and a ribbon cutting ceremony was held on April 4, 2018 to officially welcome the town newspaper into the building.
Town Square, Three Creeks Monument. Part donated by Dr. Jabez Clark and the rest was purchased by the town. The park was used for foot races, ice-cream socials, and band concerts. At the turn of the century, a water tower was erected there, and later the fountain was placed on that spot. In 1905, the Three Creeks Monument was dedicated by Governor Frank Hanley The monument made of Barre Granite by Clark Bros. Monument Co. of Wabash and is feet tall and weighs . The names of 504 soldiers, sailors, and one Navy nurse, veterans of the War of 1812, Civil War, Mexican War, and Spanish–American War from Eagle Creek, Cedar Creek, and West Creek townships are inscribed on sides.
See also
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Italianate architecture in Indiana
Queen Anne architecture in Indiana
Romanesque Revival architecture in Indiana
Art Deco architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
1898 establishments in Indiana
The South Pacific Cartel (Spanish: Cártel del Pacífico Sur), is a Mexican organized crime group composed of the remnants of the Beltrán-Leyva Cartel. It is based in the Mexican state of Morelos. The gang has been significantly less active since mid-2011 when the group's leaders Julio de Jesus Radilla Hernandez and Victor Valdez were captured.
Although they call themselves a 'cartel', the violent gang is a local cell created in April 2010 by Héctor Beltrán Leyva, leader of the Beltran Leyva Cartel. The gang is known for having employed a 12-year-old gunman and executioner.
References
Organizations established in 2010
2010 establishments in Mexico
Gangs in Mexico
Mexican drug war
Beltrán-Leyva Cartel
Morelos
Tonsil stones, also known as tonsilloliths, are mineralizations of debris within the crevices of the tonsils. When not mineralized, the presence of debris is known as chronic caseous tonsillitis (CCT). Symptoms may include bad breath. Generally there is no pain, though there may be the feeling of something present.
Risk factors may include recurrent throat infections. Tonsil stones contain a biofilm composed of a number of different bacteria. While they most commonly occur in the palatine tonsils, they may also occur in the lingual tonsils. Tonsil stones have been recorded weighing from 0.3g to 42g. They are often discovered during medical imaging for other reasons.
If tonsil stones do not bother the patient, no treatment is needed. Otherwise gargling salt water and manual removal may be tried. Chlorhexidine or cetylpyridinium chloride may also be tried. Surgical treatment may include partial or complete tonsil removal. Up to 10% of people have tonsil stones. Biological sex does not influence the chance of having tonsil stones, but older people are more commonly affected.
Signs and symptoms
Tonsil stones may produce no symptoms or they may be associated with bad breath. The smell may be that of rotting eggs. Tonsil stones tend to happen most often in people with longterm inflammation in their tonsils.
Occasionally there may be pain when swallowing. Even when they are large, some tonsil stones are only discovered incidentally on X-rays or CAT scans. Other symptoms include a metallic taste, throat closing or tightening, coughing fits, and choking.
Larger tonsil stones may cause recurrent bad breath, which frequently accompanies a tonsil infection, sore throat, white debris, a bad taste in the back of the throat, difficulty swallowing, ear ache, and tonsil swelling. A medical study conducted in 2007 found an association between tonsilloliths and bad breath in patients with a certain type of recurrent tonsillitis. Among those with bad breath, 75% of the subjects had tonsilloliths, while only 6% of subjects with normal halitometry values (normal breath) had tonsilloliths. A foreign body sensation may also exist in the back of the throat. The condition may also be an asymptomatic condition, with detection upon palpating a hard intratonsillar or submucosal mass.
Pathophysiology
The mechanism by which these calculi form is subject to debate, though they appear to result from the accumulation of material retained within the crypts, along with the growth of bacteria and fungi – sometimes in association with persistent chronic purulent tonsillitis.
In 2009, an association between biofilms and tonsilloliths was shown. Central to the biofilm concept is the assumption that bacteria form a three dimensional structure, dormant bacteria being in the center to serve as a constant nidus of infection. This impermeable structure renders the biofilm immune to antibiotic treatment. By use of confocal microscopy and microelectrodes, biofilms similar to dental biofilms were shown to be present in the tonsillolith, with oxygen respiration at the outer layer of tonsillolith, denitrification toward the middle, and acidification toward the bottom.
Diagnosis
Diagnosis is usually made upon inspection. Tonsilloliths are difficult to diagnose in the absence of clear manifestations, and often constitute casual findings of routine radiological studies.
Classification
Tonsilloliths or tonsil stones are calcifications that form in the crypts of the palatal tonsils. They are also known to form in the throat and on the roof of the mouth. Tonsils are filled with crevices where bacteria and other materials, including dead cells and mucus, can become trapped. When this occurs, the debris can become concentrated in white formations that occur in the pockets. Tonsilloliths are formed when this trapped debris accumulates and are expressed from the tonsil. They are generally soft, sometimes rubbery. This tends to occur most often in people who suffer from chronic inflammation in their tonsils or repeated bouts of tonsillitis. They are often associated with post-nasal drip.
Giant
Much rarer than the typical tonsil stones are giant tonsilloliths. Giant tonsilloliths may often be mistaken for other oral maladies, including peritonsillar abscess, and tumours of the tonsil.
Differential diagnosis
Imaging diagnostic techniques can identify a radiopaque mass that may be mistaken for foreign bodies, displaced teeth or calcified blood vessels. CT scan may reveal nonspecific calcified images in the tonsillar zone. The differential diagnosis must be established with acute and chronic tonsillitis, tonsillar hypertrophy, peritonsillar abscesses, foreign bodies, phlebolites, ectopic bone or cartilage, lymph nodes, granulomatous lesions or calcification of the stylohyoid ligament in the context of Eagle syndrome (elongated styloid process).
Differential diagnosis of tonsilloliths includes foreign body, calcified granuloma, malignancy, an enlarged temporal styloid process or rarely, isolated bone which is usually derived from embryonic rests originating from the branchial arches.
Treatment
If tonsil stones do not bother a person, no treatment is needed. Otherwise gargling saltwater and manual removal may be tried. Chlorhexidine or cetylpyridinium chloride may also be tried. Surgical treatment may include partial or complete tonsil removal.
Some people are able to remove tonsil stones using a cotton swab or finger. Oral irrigators are also effective. Most electric oral irrigators are unsuitable for tonsil stone removal because they are too powerful and are likely to cause discomfort and rupture the tonsils, which could result in further complications such as infection. Irrigators that connect directly to the sink tap via a threaded attachment or otherwise are suitable for tonsil stone removal and everyday washing of the tonsils because they can jet water at low-pressure levels that the user can adjust by simply manipulating the sink tap, allowing for a continuous range of pressures to suit each user's requirements.
There are also manually pressurized tonsil stone removers which are available. A manual pump-type tonsil stone remover can adjust the water pressure depending on the number of pumps, effectively removing tonsil stones.
More simply still, gargling with warm, salty water may help alleviate the discomfort of tonsillitis, which often accompanies tonsil stones. Vigorous gargling each morning can also keep the tonsil crypts clear of all but the most persistent tonsilloliths.
Curettage
Larger tonsil stones may require removal by curettage (scooping) or otherwise, although thorough irrigation will still be required afterward to effectively wash out smaller pieces. Larger lesions may require local excision, although these treatments may not completely help the bad breath issues that are often associated with this condition.
Laser
Another option is to decrease the surface area (crypts, crevices, etc.) of the tonsils via laser resurfacing. The procedure is called a laser cryptolysis. It can be performed using a local anesthetic. A scanned carbon dioxide laser selectively vaporizes and smooths the surface of the tonsils. This technique flattens the edges of the crypts and crevices that collect the debris, preventing trapped material from forming stones.
Surgery
Tonsillectomy may be indicated if bad breath due to tonsillar stones persists despite other measures.
Epidemiology
Tonsilloliths or tonsillar concretions occur in up to 10% of the population, frequently due to episodes of tonsillitis. While small concretions in the tonsils are common, true stones are less so. They commonly occur in young adults and are rare in children.
References
Medical signs
Oral hygiene
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Alexander Müller (1808 - 28 January 1863) was a German pianist, teacher, conductor and composer.
Biography
Alexander Müller was born in Erfurt, and studied with Johann Nepomuk Hummel. In 1833 he met Richard Wagner in Würzburg, and the two men became friends.
In 1834 Müller moved to Zurich, where he worked as a piano teacher, pianist and conductor. He took over the Listesche Singinstitut, founded by Anton List, and established a mixed choir in 1837, the Müllerschen Gesangverein. From 1852 to 1863 Müller served as leader for the General Music Society's subscription concerts series. Richard Wagner took refuge with Müller when he fled after the May uprising in Dresden in 1849 and moved to Zurich.
Müller died in Zurich. Notable students include Fanny Hünerwadel, Wilhelm Baumgartner and Johann Carl Eschmann.
Works
Müller's compositions are mostly lost. However, they included two operas Die Flucht nach der Schweiz (1841) and Die Mühle von St. Alderon oder die beiden Galeriesklaven (1851) that premiered in Zurich. Other compositions include a Tempo di Mazurka, for piano solo
References
1808 births
1863 deaths
German classical composers
German conductors (music)
German male conductors (music)
German writers about music
Musicians from Erfurt
19th-century classical composers
German male classical composers
19th-century German composers
19th-century German male musicians
General elections were held in Guatemala on 20 October 1957. Miguel Ortiz Passarelli won the presidential election. However, the elections were nullified on 23 October 1957 following protests against electoral fraud.
Results
President
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook of the world 1957. New York, 1958.
Elections in Guatemala
Guatemala
1957 in Guatemala
Presidential elections in Guatemala
Annulled elections
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Cameraria fletcherella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec and Ontario in Canada and Illinois and Maine in the United States.
The wingspan is 8.5–9 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1908
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of the United States
Pascualihippus is an extinct genus of notoungulate belonging to the family Notohippidae. It lived during the Late Oligocene, in what is now Bolivia.
Description
This genus is primarily known from a skull and a few postcranial bones, and it likely was about the size of a sheep. Pascualihippus had a high skull, with a broad, blunt muzzle, with the two first incisors forming a transverse line across the anterior part of the premaxilla, followed by a narrowing of the muzzle when viewed from above. These characteristics are somewhat similar to those found in Toxodontidae, such as Adinotherium and Nesodon. However, its incisors had roots and the cheek teeth were quite different from those of "true" toxodonts. The molars of Pascualihippus lacked the typical bifurcation on the central loop. The premaxillary dental arch was linear, indicating that it likely was a grass bruiser. Unlike its relative Eomorphippus, its incisors were not protruding.
Classification
Pascualihippus was first described in 1997, based on fossilized remains found in the Salla Formation in Bolivia, in terrains dated from the Late Oligocene. Pascualihippus was originally placed within the family Notohippidae, a family of toxodont notoungulates with horse-like teeth, with very high-crowned molars. More recent research, however, tends to indicate that this group was paraphyletic, containing increasingly derived forms, some of them close to the ancestors of "true" Toxodontidae. Pascualihippus seems to have been close to those forms, and is in more modern studies nested at the basis of a clade including its relative Argyrohippus and more derived Toxodontidae.
References and Bibliography
B. J. Shockey. 1997. Two new notoungulates (Family Notohippidae) from the Salla Beds of Bolivia (Deseadan: Late Oligocene): systematics and functional morphology. Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 17(3):584-599
Toxodonts
Oligocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Bolivia
Fossils of Bolivia
Fossil taxa described in 1997
Prehistoric placental genera
Choplifter III is a shoot 'em up video game released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994. It was the third Choplifter title starting with the original Apple II game released in 1982.
A portable version of the game was released for the Game Gear, but this version was actually a remake of Choplifter II. This version of the game was subsequently re-released for the Game Boy.
Gameplay
The gameplay revolves around piloting a rescue helicopter into hostile territory and rescuing hostages. The player's task is made more complicated by the limited number of hostages the helicopter can carry as well as increasing difficulty throughout the four chapters of the game. Each chapter is split into four collective stages and set in a different environment, starting off with jungle, desert, sea, and finally city.
The game also has a number of minibosses spread throughout the campaign.
Reception
GamePro gave the game a mostly positive review. Commenting on the beautiful graphics and addictive gameplay, they summarized that "this fast, great-looking game shouldn't be overlooked by fans of Desert/Jungle Strike." Electronic Gaming Monthly gave it a 7.8 out of 10, commenting that "Fans of military simulators will definitely feel at home with this one." In 1995, Total! ranked the game 92nd on their Top 100 SNES Games stating: "The graphics are laughably crude but after a while you'll grow to love this shooter/rescue-‘em-up."
References
External links
Choplifter III at superfamicom.org
チョップリフターIII / Choplifter III at super-famicom.jp
1993 video games
Game Boy games
Helicopter video games
Game Gear games
Ocean Software games
Horizontally scrolling shooters
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in Australia
The Reedsburg Dam is a non-hydroelectric barrage dam crossing the Muskegon River in eastern Missaukee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Located in rural Enterprise Township, the dam was constructed in 1940 by the Civilian Conservation Corps to alleviate flooding from Houghton Lake, which is the source of the Muskegon River approximately upstream.
The resulting reservoir is known as the Dead Stream Flooding, and the area is incorporated into the Dead Stream Flooding State Wildlife Management Area, which extends east into neighboring Roscommon County. The Reedsburg Dam is the smallest and newest of the four remaining dams along the Muskegon River, which includes the Croton Dam, Hardy Dam, and Rogers Dam much further downstream.
Activities
The Reedsburg Dam is located along County Road 300 about northwest of the community of Houghton Lake— west of U.S. Route 127 and north of M-55. The nearest incorporated city is Lake City about west along M-55.
Common fauna in the Muskegon River and Dead Stream Flooding include bluegill, pumpkinseed, small and largemouth bass, walleye, yellow perch, native crayfish, northern pike, and bowfin (colloquially referred to as "dogfish"). The surrounding area is open to seasonal waterfowl, turkey, and deer hunting. The footpath across the dam is commonly used by hunters to access the more remote wilderness trails—some of which belonged to the long-defunct and removed railway lines of the Missaukee Branch of the Pennsylvania Railroad.
Other popular activities include bird watching, geocaching, photography, and canoeing/kayaking. Rustic camping is available at the adjacent Reedsburg Dam State Forest Campground on the northeast side of the dam, which is operated by the nearby North Higgins Lake State Park. The campground contains a public boat launch, but larger boats are discouraged due to the shallowness and underwater hazards within the Dead Stream Flooding.
Recent history
Beginning in August 2018, the dam underwent major reconstruction that continued for over one year. The construction was necessary to repair and rebuild the near 80-year-old earthen dike and concrete and steel structures. During the project, the Dead Stream Flooding was slowly drained and eventually allowed for only the regular flow of the Muskegon River. In addition, a new steel walkway and staircase replaced the older wooden structures, and a large amount of rocks is trucked in to strengthen the dike along the reservoir and immediate downstream embankments.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Michigan in early 2020, the finishing steps on the construction project were delayed. According to the Michigan Department of Natural Resources, more than 90% of the project was complete before government shutdowns were implemented by Governor Gretchen Whitmer. While the reservoir saw a significant increase in water levels after the dam was rebuilt, the pre-construction water level was originally slated to return to normal by summertime. The dam reconstruction project was completed in September 2020, but water levels within the reservoir were still noticeably lower for quite some time.
The campground remained open throughout the project. The dock at the public boat launch, which no longer reached the lowering water level, was moved out of place. The launch itself remains open and usable, although the water levels throughout the reservoir decreased significantly. With the completion of the project, water levels will be raised very slowly.
Images
References
Dams in Michigan
Dams completed in 1940
1940 establishments in Michigan
Buildings and structures in Missaukee County, Michigan
Tourist attractions in Missaukee County, Michigan
The Dresden park railway () is a minimum gauge railway in Dresden, Germany. The line opened in 1950 and was previously known as the Kindereisenbahn and the Pioniereisenbahn. As these names suggest, the line is largely operated by children, and is a survivor of the many children's railways that were built in the former Eastern Bloc countries. The railway operates within the Großer Garten, a large city centre park.
History
In 1925, a series of three identical gauge miniature steam locomotives and matching trains were designed by the engineer Roland Martens, following a study trip to England. The locomotives were based on full sized Pacific locomotives of the Deutsche Reichsbahn, and built by Krauss & Co., who subsequently went on to build 15 locomotives of this type, most of which are still in use on various miniature railways around the world. Originally, the three locomotives were used on temporary tracks at various trade fairs or exhibitions, the first of which was the 1925 German Transport Exhibition in Munich.
In 1930, 1931, 1936 and 1937, Dresden hosted exhibitions at which the Martens locomotives and trains operated. Trains ran between the exhibition grounds, on the site now occupied by the Gläserne Manufaktur, and the Großer Garten. However, like the other exhibition lines, the line was only ever of a temporary nature and was dismantled at the end of each exhibition. During the second world war, the trains were stored in a quarry near Kamenz and thus preserved.
In June 1950, the railway was reinstated to commemorate International Children's Day, using two of the 1925-built locomotives and eight of the passenger cars of the earlier lines. Initially it was known as the Kindereisenbahn and had one long track, between Zoo and Stübelplatz (which later became Fučíkplatz and then later still Straßburger Platz), with turning loops at both stations. The line was only planned to last a few weeks, and in July the locomotives and wagons had to be handed over to a horticultural exhibition in Erfurt. However the line in Erfurt did not prove to be a success, and the rolling stock was returned to Dresden in October.
The children's railway was very popular with young and old in the still largely ruined city of Dresden. A delegation travelled to Berlin in the summer of 1950 to request that the railway be permitted to remain permanently, a request that was granted. In 1951 the line renamed the as Pioniereisenbahn; it was owned by Dresden City Council, but operated by the pioneer movement as the DDR's first pioneer railway. In the same year, the track was extended to , running from Zoo via Carolasee and Palaisteich back to Zoo. Later in the year the station Karcherallee was opened and the line reached its current length of .
In 1962, a battery electric locomotive and ten passenger cars were added to the vehicle fleet. In 1968 the track between Zoo and Fučíkplatz was doubled, and in the following years eleven new passenger cars were added. In 1982 a further train, comprising a second battery electric locomotive and eight passenger cars were added to the fleet.
In 1990, after German reunification, the railway was renamed as the Parkeisenbahn. In 1993, ownership of the line was transferred to the state of Saxony. In 2000, the construction of the new Gläserne Manufaktur meant that the station at Straßburger Platz had to be relocated. The new station was opened in 2000, and subsequently renamed An der Gläsernen Manufaktur.
Operation
The railway operates from April to October. It is some long and attracts approximately 250 000 visitors every year.
The line starts from An der Gläsernen Manufaktur station, which takes its name from the adjacent Gläserne Manufaktur, a Volkswagen car factory. From here to Zoo station the line is double track, and served by trains in both directions. Zoo station takes its name from the nearby Dresden Zoo and is the headquarters of the line, with locomotive and car sheds. Beyond Zoo station, trains normally operate on a one-way single track loop via stations at Carolasee, Karcherallee and Palaisteich, before returning to Zoo station. A shorter loop is also available that omits Karcherallee station, but this is rarely used.
Trains are run by a team of 4 full-time adult employees, with some 50 seasonal and part-time staff, supporting a large number of teenagers trained to operate services (165 young people, as of 2009). During the winter months, the children are trained in their tasks for the forthcoming summer.
Rolling stock
Resident locomotives
Visiting locomotives
In October 1998, the steam locomotives River Mite and Northern Rock, together with the dieser Cyril, visited from the Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway, in the English Lake District. The two steam locomotives operated passenger trains on the railway, although Northern Rock was limited by its inability to pass through the station at Strassburger Platz. Cyril operated a demonstration freight train.
In May 2003, and again in June 2010, locomotive 002 from the Leipzig Park Railway visited and operated trains. Leipzig 002 is an identical sister locomotive to Dresden's two steam locomotives, and these visits brought back together the three original Roland Martens designed and Krauss built locomotives of 1925.
Other rolling stock
The line has 35 passenger cars in total. There are 19 open cars, of which two date back to the original stock built in 1925 to run with locomotives 001 and 003, with the remainder built in various batches between 1960 and 1996. There are also 12 open sided cars with a roof, which were converted from open cars starting in 1998. Finally there are four enclosed cars that were built in 1996 by Winson Engineering in the UK and are equipped with heating for use in winter.
There are also a number of ancillary vehicles.
See also
Fifteen-inch gauge railway
References
External links
Dresdner Parkeisenbahn web site (German)
Dresdner Parkeisenbahn web site (English subset)
Children's railways
Transport in Dresden
Tourist attractions in Dresden
15 in gauge railways in Germany
Hubert Lister Parker, Baron Parker of Waddington, (28 May 1900 – 15 September 1972) was a British judge who served as Lord Chief Justice of England from 1958 to 1971. His term was marked by much less controversy than that of his predecessor, Lord Goddard.
Family and early life
Parker was the son of Robert Parker, Baron Parker of Waddington, who had been a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary. He went to Rugby School (which he enjoyed; in later years he was Chairman of the Governors) and Trinity College, Cambridge. He graduated with a double first in Natural Sciences, specialising in geology and intending to go into the oil business. This intention he abandoned on graduating in 1922 to read for the Bar (Lincoln's Inn) where he was called in 1924, entering the chambers of Donald Somervell.
Legal career
At the Bar, Parker specialised in commercial cases and developed a courtroom style that tried to be fair to all the arguments and make a case with calmness. In 1945, he became the Junior Counsel to the Treasury (Common Law) (also referred to as the "Treasury devil"), an appointment which normally led on to promotion to the High Court bench; however, when the invitation came from Lord Jowitt in 1948, Parker thought it was too soon and that he had only just become useful to the Treasury Counsel, and therefore declined. He accepted the second invitation when it came in 1950. As he went straight from being Treasury Devil to the High Court, he never 'took silk' (that is to say, he was not a King's Counsel): the Treasury Devil was never a 'silk'.
Judicial career
As a judge, Parker found himself presiding over trials in areas of the law he was unfamiliar with. He claimed that the first summing up which he gave in a criminal trial was the first he had ever heard. However, by getting down to the work, he eventually mastered the job and by 1954 was promoted to the Court of Appeal. The more measured style of the appellate courts suited Parker more than the cut and thrust of the King's Bench, and his ability to get to the important details of a case was assessed as good by those who appeared before him. He proved that he had reasonable political judgment in 1957 when heading a tribunal over a minor political scandal connected with the setting of interest rates.
As Lord Chief Justice
Lord Goddard announced his resignation as Lord Chief Justice in 1958. He had been an exception to the tradition that the Attorney General be appointed to the role and some commentators expected that the next appointment would therefore be Sir Reginald Manningham-Buller, Attorney-General at the time. However Manningham-Buller was widely disliked and also shared Goddard's reactionary views on criminal justice. Harold Macmillan considered Viscount Kilmuir, the Lord Chancellor, but Kilmuir rejected the job. Macmillan therefore decided to appoint a senior Judge, and Parker's name emerged as the one candidate with whom most people were happy. On 30 September 1958, Parker took the title Baron Parker of Waddington, of Lincoln's Inn in the Borough of Holborn.
Parker's style was totally different from Goddard as he confined himself to the higher courts and did not intervene in everyday criminal trials. He had little interest in the social life of the judiciary. He was called upon where a trial had a serious political aspect, and was criticised when he imprisoned journalists who refused to reveal their sources during the Vassall tribunal of 1963. Parker's judgment stated in part "the citizen's highest duty is to the State". Parker also made history when he sentenced George Blake, convicted of spying, to 42 years imprisonment, the longest sentence then passed in an English court; the conjunction seemed to some to suggest that Parker was too close to the government of the day, though others said Parker had been shocked at the extent of the treachery that had sent dozens of Western agents to their deaths. Parker had himself said that the Courts "have a positive responsibility to be the handmaiden of administration rather than its governor".
However, Parker was popular among the profession as he secured improvements in judicial salaries and pensions. Parker was a mild reformer who supported legal aid and tried to modernise some judicial procedures which he thought were antiquated, such as the assize court system. Like Goddard, Parker took an active part in House of Lords debates. The most important speech he made was in debates during the passage of the War Damage Act 1965 which has the effect of retrospectively overturning the judicial decision of the House of Lords in Burmah Oil Co. v Lord Advocate thereby depriving the plaintiff of an award of damages. Parker regarded this as an abhorrent idea in principle, but his view did not carry the day. He supported moves to abolish the death penalty.
In 1964 Parker instituted the first 'Sentencing conference' to try to get consistency. In the late 1960s he introduced the first formal training for Judges, and welcomed the formation of the Law Commission. When Lord Beeching headed a committee looking at court reform in 1971, Parker's memorandum was more radical than the committee's recommendations.
Death
Parker announced his retirement before the committee reported, and died the next year at the cattle farm he ran together with his wife of 48 years.
Arms
References
Lord chief justices of England and Wales
20th-century English judges
Parker of Waddington
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Waddington, Hubert Parker, Baron Parker of
1900 births
1972 deaths
Members of Lincoln's Inn
People educated at Rugby School
Queen's Bench Division judges
Knights Bachelor
Sons of life peers
Members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Parker
"The businessman" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe about a businessman boasting of his accomplishments. It was published in February 1840 in Burton's Gentleman's Magazine. The story questions the concept of a self-made man.
Plot summary
The narrator of the story is Peter Proffit, a "methodical" businessman by his own admission. He says a nurse swung him around when he was a young boy, and he bumped his head against a bedpost. That single event determined his fate: the resulting bump was in the area dedicated to system and regularity, according to phrenology.
Proffit goes on to say that he despises geniuses and that they are all asses—"the greater the genius the greater the ass." Geniuses can not, he says, be turned into men of business.
At the age of fourteen, his father forced him to work as a merchant, which Proffit could not stand. He says that though most boys run away from home at the age of twelve, he chose to wait until the age of sixteen. What finally convinced him was his mother's suggestion that he work as a grocer. Instead, he becomes a "Walking-Advertisement" for a tailor. Feeling swindled by his employer over a penny, however, he moves on to start his own business.
Proffit goes into the "Eye-Sore" business. When he sees a large home or palace being built, he buys a nearby or adjoining property and builds a "mud-hovel" or "pig-sty" so ugly that he is paid 500% the value of the lot to tear it down—essentially a species of spite house for extorting purposes. One owner, however, offers less than 500%. In retaliation, Proffit lamp-blacks the house overnight. For this, he is jailed, and ostracized by others in the Eye-Sore business.
Proffit then enters the Assault-and-Battery business. He makes money by starting fights with people on the streets and then sues them for attacking him. He then becomes involved with "Mud-Dabbling", making people pay him not to splash them with mud. He also has a dog rub up against people's shoes to make them dirty, then offers his services as a shoeshiner. Though he gave the dog a third of the profits, the routine split when the dog began to demand half.
Proffit then becomes an organ grinder, though he makes money by people paying him to stop rather than to play. He boasts of his own abilities in business and lists his eight "speculations" for success. He then tries forging letters and delivering them to rich people, asking them to pay postage themselves, as was the custom at the time. He says, however, that he had moral issues with this line of work after hearing people say unkind things about the fake people who had written to them.
A law is later passed to keep down the population of cats, with citizens paid for any cat tails they turn in. Proffit begins to raise cats so that he can collect the reward for their tails. It was his most profitable venture. After all his business ventures, he considers himself "a made man" and is considering running for office or, more accurately, purchasing a seat in county government.
Publication history
The story was originally titled "Peter Pendulum" and published in Burton's Gentleman's Magazine in February 1840. It was first published as "The businessman" in the August 2, 1845, issue of the Broadway Journal.
Analysis
The story is a satire and is often interpreted as a reflection of Poe's strained relationship with his foster father John Allan, himself a successful businessman. The story also satirizes businesspeople in general, suggesting that their success is not due to their method of punctuality and self-discipline but because of ruthless business practices, violence, egotism, and pure chance. Poe also calls to question the concept of a "self-made man", expressing skepticism that such a concept is possible. Like "The Man That Was Used Up", another of Poe's satires, this man is essentially hollow and worthless.
In "The businessman", Poe also makes fun of the dubious nature of phrenology, then a popular pseudoscience.
In the story, the narrator asserts: "In biography, truth is every thing, and in autobiography it is especially so." This is ironic considering Poe's own tendency to alter his life story; he often omitted details of his military career, and invented stories about his nonexistent travels to Greece, Turkey, and Russia.
Proffit's dog is named Pompey, a name Poe also uses for two African slave characters in "A Predicament" and in "The Man That Was Used Up".
References
External links
List of editions of "The businessman" at the Edgar Allan Poe Society online
Short stories by Edgar Allan Poe
1840 short stories
Works originally published in Burton's Gentleman's Magazine
A perverse incentive is an incentive that has an unintended and undesirable result that is contrary to the intentions of its designers. The cobra effect is the most direct kind of perverse incentive, typically because the incentive unintentionally rewards people for making the issue worse. The term is used to illustrate how incorrect stimulation in economics and politics can cause unintended consequences.
Examples of perverse incentives
The original cobra effect
The term cobra effect was coined by economist Horst Siebert based on an anecdote of an occurrence in India during British rule. The British government, concerned about the number of venomous cobras in Delhi, offered a bounty for every dead cobra. Initially, this was a successful strategy; large numbers of snakes were killed for the reward. Eventually, however, enterprising people began to breed cobras for the income. When the government became aware of this, the reward program was scrapped. When cobra breeders set their now-worthless snakes free, the wild cobra population further increased.
Other examples
The Great Hanoi Rat Massacre occurred in 1902, in Hanoi, Vietnam (then known as French Indochina), under French colonial rule, the colonial government created a bounty program that paid a reward for each rat killed. To collect the bounty, people would need to provide the severed tail of a rat. Colonial officials, however, began noticing rats in Hanoi with no tails. The Vietnamese rat catchers would capture rats, sever their tails, then release them back into the sewers so that they could produce more rats.
In building the first transcontinental railroad in the 1860s, the United States Congress agreed to pay the builders per mile of track laid. As a result, Thomas C. Durant of Union Pacific Railroad lengthened a section of the route forming a bow shape unnecessarily adding miles of track.
The Duplessis Orphans – Between 1945 and 1960, the federal Canadian government paid orphanages 70 cents per day, per orphan, and paid psychiatric hospitals $2.25 per day, per patient. Allegedly, up to 20,000 orphaned children were falsely certified as mentally ill so that the province of Quebec could receive the larger payment.
The 20th-century paleontologist G. H. R. von Koenigswald used to pay Javanese locals for each fragment of hominin skull that they produced. He later discovered that the people had been breaking up whole skulls into smaller pieces to maximize their payments.
In 2002 British officials in Afghanistan offered Afghan poppy farmers $700 an acre in return for destroying their poppy crops. This ignited a poppy-growing frenzy among Afghan farmers who sought to plant as many poppies as they could in order to collect payouts from the cash-for-poppies program. Some farmers harvested the sap before destroying the plants, getting paid twice for the same crop.
Bangkok police used tartan armbands as a badge of shame for minor infractions. However, the badges were treated as collectibles by those offending officers forced to wear them. Since 2007, in order to avoid the perverse incentive, the police department has been using armbands with the cute Hello Kitty cartoon character.
Renewable Heat Incentive scandalIntroduced by the devolved government in Northern Ireland, the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) was a 20-year scheme intended to encourage businesses to reduce energy usage and promote switching to green sources. However, the subsidy for the renewable energy was greater than its cost, which allowed businesses to make a profit by switching to green sources and then increasing their energy use rather than reducing it. In some cases, an income was obtained simply by heating empty buildings. The political fall-out caused the Northern Ireland Executive to collapse in 2017. It was not re-convened until 2020.
In late 2004, Fannie Mae was subject to an investigation regarding its accounting practices. It was discovered that, by providing company executives with bonuses for reporting higher earnings, executives at Fannie Mae and other large corporations were encouraged to artificially inflate earnings statements and make decisions targeting short-term gains at the expense of long-term profitability.
Experiencing an issue with feral pigs, the U.S. Army post of Fort Benning in Georgia offered hunters a $40-bounty for every pigtail turned in. Predictably, however, people began to buy pigtails from butchers and slaughterhouses at wholesale prices then resold the tails to the Army at the higher bounty price.
Wells Fargo account fraud scandalIntending to increase the number of accounts sold, Wells Fargo in 2016 introduced and imposed overly ambitious sales goals to be met by their employees. In result, facing the threat of losing their careers if these quotas were not met, some employees began to open large numbers of unauthorized accounts.
In 2005 the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change began an incentive scheme to cut down on greenhouse gases. Companies disposing of polluting gases were rewarded with carbon credits, which could eventually get converted into cash. The program set prices according to how serious the damage the pollutant could do to the environment was and attributed one of the highest bounties for destroying HFC-23, a byproduct of a common coolant, HCFC-22. As a result, companies began to produce more of this coolant in order to destroy more of the byproduct waste gas, and collect millions of dollars in credits. This increased production also caused the price of the refrigerant to decrease significantly, motivating refrigeration companies to continue using it, despite the adverse environmental effects. In 2013, credits for the destruction of HFC-23 were suspended in the European Union.
Around 2010, online retailer Vitaly Borker found that customer posts elsewhere on the Internet about negative experiences with his eyeglass-sale website, DecorMyEyes, actually drove more traffic to it since the sheer volume of links pushed the site to the top of Google searches. He thus made a point of responding to customer complaints about the poor quality of the merchandise they received and/or misfilled orders rudely, with insults, threats of violence and other harassment. Borker continued these practices under different names throughout the next decade despite serving two separate sentences in U.S. federal prison over charges arising from them.
In the 2000s, Canada negotiated a "Safe Third Country Agreement" with the U.S. under which applicants for political asylum could only apply in the first of the two countries they reached, in order to discourage asylum shopping. Among the provisions was one that denied anyone entering Canada at an official port of entry from requesting asylum there, in theory limiting asylum applications to either those filed by refugees in camps abroad or those who could legally travel to Canada and do so at an immigration office. In the late 2010s, some migrants began entering Canada irregularly, between official border crossings, at places like Roxham Road between New York and Quebec, since once they were in Canada, they were allowed to file applications with the full range of appeals available to them, a process that could take years. Canada wound up processing thousands more applications for asylum than it had planned to.
Hacktoberfest is an October-long celebration to promote contributions to the free and open-source software communities. In 2020, participants were encouraged to submit four or more pull requests to any public free or open-source (FOS) repository, with a free "Hacktoberfest 2020" T-shirt for the first 75,000 participants to do so. The free T-shirts caused thousands of frivolous pull requests on FOS projects. A large volume of pull requests made by users amounted to counterproductive changes to code, including: changing project names from "My Project" to "My Awesome Project"; changing bullet points to dashes; and in some cases, even breaking working code.
The United States Endangered Species Act of 1973 imposes development restrictions on landowners who find endangered species on their property. While this policy has some positive effects for wildlife, it also encourages preemptive habitat destruction (draining swamps or cutting down trees that might host valuable species) by landowners who fear losing the lucrative development-friendliness of their land because of the presence of an endangered species. In some cases, endangered species may even be deliberately killed to avoid discovery. This same perverse incentive has also been observed in other countries, including Canada and various European countries.
Funding fire departments by the number of fire calls that are made is intended to reward fire departments that do the most work. However, it may discourage them from fire-prevention activities, leading to an increase in actual fires.
Paying medical professionals and reimbursing insured patients for treatment but not prevention encourages medical conditions to be ignored until treatment is required. Moreover, paying only for treatment effectively discourages prevention (which would reduce the demand for future treatments and would also improve quality of life for the patient). Payment for treatment also generates a perverse incentive for unnecessary treatments that could be harmfulfor example, in the form of side effects of drugs and surgery. These side effects themselves can then trigger a demand for further treatments.
Under the American Medicare program, doctors are reimbursed at a higher rate if they administer more expensive medications to treat a condition. This creates an incentive for the physician to prescribe a more expensive drug when a less expensive one might do.
The "welfare trap" theory describes perverse incentives that occur when money earned through part-time or minimum-wage employment results in a reduction in state benefits that would have been greater than the amount earned, thereby creating a barrier to low-income workers re-entering the workforce. According to this theory, underlying factors include a full tax exemption for public assistance while employment income is taxed; a pattern of welfare paying more per dependent child (while employers are prohibited from discriminating in this manner, and their workers often must purchase daycare); or loss of welfare eligibility for the working poor ending other means-tested benefits (public medical, dental, or prescription drug plans; subsidised housing; legal aid), which are expensive to replace at full market rates. If the withdrawal of means-tested benefits that comes with entering low-paid work causes there to be no significant increase in total income or even a net loss, then this gives a powerful disincentive to take on such work. The welfare trap theory's accuracy is disputed, and some studies have shown the poor individuals who are given money tend to spend it on necessities, and continue working.
A container-deposit legislation provides for a refundable deposit to be placed on beverage containers. When returned to an authorized redemption center the deposit is partly or fully refunded to the redeemer. Intended to encourage recycling and curb litter, these programs may result in containers, already bound for recycling, to be illegally collected from curbside bins or dumpsters. Containers may be diverted to nearby regions with higher redemption values, as famously depicted in the Seinfeld episode "The Bottle Deposit".
The United Kingdom's listed building regulations are intended to protect historically important buildings by requiring owners to seek permission before making changes to buildings that have been listed. In 2017, the owners of an unlisted historic building in Bristol destroyed a 400-year-old ceiling the day before a scheduled visit by listings officers, allegedly to prevent the building from being listed, which could have limited future development.
Bulgarian doctor Ivan Manukov performed an operation on a healthy person to place two stents in his heart in order to receive remuneration for the operations.
3D printed guns being turned into gun buyback programs like those in Houston, TX.
In literature
In his autobiography, Mark Twain says that his wife, Olivia Langdon Clemens, had a similar experience:
See also
References
Further reading
Chiacchia, Ken (2017 July 12). "Perverse Incentives? How Economics (Mis-)shaped Academic Science." HPC Wire.
Myers, Norman, and Jennifer Kent (1998). Perverse SubsidiesTax $ Undercutting our Economies and Environments Alike. Winnipeg, Manitoba: International Institute for Sustainable Development.
Rothschild, Daniel M., and Emily Hamilton [2010] (2020). "Perverse Incentives of Economic 'Stimulus'," Mercatus on Policy Series 66. ; .
Schuyt, Kirsten (2005). "Perverse Policy Incentives." pp. 78–83 in Forest Restoration in Landscapes, edited by S. Mansourian, Daniel Vallauri, and N. Dudley. New York: Springer. .
Sizer, N. (2000). Perverse Habits, the G8 and Subsidies the Harm Forests and Economies. Washington, DC: World Resources Institute.
Stephan, Paula (2012). "Perverse incentives." Nature 484(2012):29–31. .
"Perverse Incentives for South African AIDS Patients." Center for Global Development (2006 April 8).
Subsidies
Literature
Conflict of interest
Political corruption
Mechanism design
Margos () of Keryneia (died 229 BC) was the first unique strategos (elected general) of the Achaean League in Ancient Greece. He served during a long period, although only one term is certain in the year 256–255 BC.
Margos started his career around 275 BC by killing the tyrant of Bura and forcing the tyrant Iseas of Keryneia to resign. After joining the Achaean League, he became the leading statesman of the Achaeans and in 256 BC put through a reform to reduce the number of generals from two to one. Margos was then the first leader elected to the post. As elder statesman he later served as navarch (admiral) of the Achaean fleet and fell in the Battle of Paxos against the Illyrians in 229 BC.
Notes
3rd-century BC Greek people
Ancient Greek generals
Ancient Greek admirals
Achaean League
229 BC deaths
People from Achaea
Ard Crags is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria, England, it is situated in the Newlands Valley just off the minor road between Keswick and Buttermere. The Ordnance Survey officially records the fell's altitude at 581 metres (1,906 feet), considerably more than the approximate 1,860 feet that Alfred Wainwright attributed to it in his Pictorial Guide to the North Western Fells, published in 1964 well before the advent of satellite mapping. Ard Crags is situated close to other higher fells such as Causey Pike and Eel Crag and can be easily overlooked. However, viewed from certain points in the Rigg Beck or Newlands valley area it presents a clearly defined and pyramidal shape which catches the eye.
Topography
A long high ridge sweeps east from Whiteless Pike, via Wandope, Crag Hill, Sail (Lake District) and Causey Pike, crossing from Buttermere to Stair. Running parallel to the south is a lower ridge, a tenuous connection made centrally at Sail. This lower ridge consists of Knott Rigg and Ard Crags, and has a beautiful narrow and airy character. Ard Crags forms the eastern half of the ridge, rising between Keskadale and the side valley of Rigg Beck. It is sometimes referred to as Aikin Knott, the name of the rash of rock on the nose of the ridge.
Geology
The Ard Crags ridge is an example of the Buttermere Formation, an olistostrome of disrupted, sheared and folded mudstone, siltstone and sandstone.
Ascents
The fell is linked by a ridge to another “Wainwright” fell, Knott Rigg and most walkers will climb both hills together in the same walk. There are two possible starting points, one is at Rigg Beck in Newlands, near the site of the eccentrically painted “purple house” which was destroyed by fire in June 2008. This route goes directly up the eastern ridge passing the outcrop of Aikin Knott after which the ridge narrows considerably to reach the heather covered summit which gives a precipitous view of Newlands. The alternative starting point is the car park at Newlands Hause which stands at an altitude of 333 metres (1,093 feet), the summit of Knott Rigg is crossed first before continuing onto Ard Crags.
Summit
The narrow ridge is carpeted with heather, the top marked by a small cairn. The view from the summit is severely restricted in a north and westerly direction by the higher Eel Crag to Causey Pike ridge, the best feature of the view is the aerial view of the Newlands valley while Scafell Pike can be glimpsed eight miles away through a gap in the hills to the south.
References
A Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells,The North Western Fells:Alfred Wainwright:
Complete Lakeland Fells, Bill Birkett,
Fells of the Lake District
The St. Helena hotspot is a volcanic hotspot located in the southern Atlantic Ocean. It is responsible for the island of St. Helena and the St. Helena Seamount chain. It is one of the oldest known hotspots on Earth, which began to produce basaltic lava about 145 million years ago.
References
Geography of Saint Helena
Hotspots of the Atlantic Ocean
Geology of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Volcanoes of Saint Helena
Mid-Atlantic Ridge
Learning to Drive is a 2014 American comedy drama film. Directed by Isabel Coixet and written by Sarah Kernochan based on a New Yorker article by Katha Pollitt, the film stars Patricia Clarkson as Wendy, a successful book critic taking driving lessons with instructor Darwan (Ben Kingsley) after the breakup of her marriage to Ted (Jake Weber) forces her to become more self-sufficient. This is the second collaboration between Ben Kingsley, Patricia Clarkson, and Isabel Coixet.
The film was named first-runner up for the People's Choice Award at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was released on August 21, 2015.
Plot summary
Wendy (Patricia Clarkson) is a known book critic, who has just broken up with her husband, Ted (Jake Weber), during an argument in a bar. Her husband leaves the scene and calls a taxi that is driven by Darwan (Ben Kingsley), who is also an Indian Sikh. When Wendy suddenly jumps in the car, Darwan experiences their anger and heated exchange. The husband has enough of the accusations and sends Wendy home alone in the taxi, so Darwan also witnesses her sadness and regret.
Wendy has never needed to drive in New York, but now she needs to learn, in order to visit her daughter Tasha (Grace Gummer) who is living and working on a commune farm in Vermont. Through a series of events, Wendy becomes Darwan's driving student, developing a close friendship in the process, as he is an intellectual and was a teacher back in India.
Wendy fails her license driving test on her first attempt and decides to stop trying. Tasha tells her that she has decided not to return to the farm and wants to live with her mother instead, even though it is a requirement for her college education. She also admits that she is in love with a student who was at the farm with her, and that he was going back to the college campus. Wendy tells her daughter that she must finish her farming experience and that she will figure out a way to visit her daughter.
Darwan goes through an arranged marriage to Jasleen (Sarita Choudhury), but the marriage is not going well, as they don't seem to have any common interests. Darwan confides in Wendy that his marriage is having problems and Wendy asks him if he would ever cheat on Jasleen if she disappointed him. He replies with a definitive no and she tells him: “you are a good man.”
Wendy passes her next license driving test and Darwan helps her buy a new car. As they are saying their goodbyes, Darwan asks Wendy if they can meet in the future, but Wendy declines, telling him: "the trouble is, you're a good man."
Later that night, Jasleen comes home from shopping to find Darwan sitting on their bed. She sits next to him having no idea what to expect, when he asks: "Jasleen, maybe I will not work at night anymore. Would you like that?" She smiles with a sense of relief and he puts his hand on her face and his head on her shoulder, the pair both looking happy for the first time since their wedding day.
The last scene shows Wendy driving out of New York in her new car, traveling alone to visit her daughter.
Cast
Patricia Clarkson as Wendy Shields
Ben Kingsley as Darwan Singh Tur
Grace Gummer as Tasha
Jake Weber as Ted
Sarita Choudhury as Jasleen
John Hodgman as Car Salesman
Samantha Bee as Debbie
Matt Salinger as Peter
Daniela Lavender as Mata
Michael Mantell as Wendy's Father
Avi Nash as Preet
Bryan Burton as Student Driver
Nora Hummel as Driving Examiner
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 66% based on reviews from 56 critics, with an average 6.3/10. The site's consensus states: "The story's a bit predictable, but Learning to Drive is elevated by typically strong work from stars Patricia Clarkson and Ben Kingsley." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 59 out of 100, based on reviews from 23 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
References
External links
Learning to Drive, Katha Pollitt, The New Yorker, July 22, 2002
2014 romantic comedy-drama films
Films directed by Isabel Coixet
Broad Green Pictures films
Films about race and ethnicity
American romantic comedy-drama films
Films set in New York (state)
2014 comedy films
2014 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Hymns Instrumental, released in 1989, is the final studio album from contemporary Christian music group 2nd Chapter of Acts. It features no vocals, but is an instrumental collection of all but three of the tracks from the previous two Hymns releases.
Track listing
"Medley" ("Turn Your Eyes Upon Jesus" / "Praise to the Lord, the Almighty" / "All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name" / "Doxology") - 3:43
"It Is Well with My Soul" - 6:08
"This is My Father's World" - 3:39
"O for a Thousand Tongues" - 4:12
"Morning Has Broken" - 3:38
"Be Still, My Soul" - 4:12
"A Mighty Fortress Is Our God" - 4:29
"Come, Thou Long-Expected Jesus" - 4:50
"O Sacred Head, Now Wounded" - 5:08
"All Creatures of Our God and King" - 2:58
"My Jesus I Love Thee" - 4:53
"Great Is Thy Faithfulness" - 4:05
"Joyful, Joyful, We Adore Thee" - 2:39
"Crown Him With Many Crowns" - 3:47
"Holy, Holy, Holy" - 5:32
"Fairest Lord Jesus" - 3:44
"Oh the Deep, Deep Love of Jesus" - 4:09
"He Has Formed Me" - 1:41
source:
References
1989 albums
2nd Chapter of Acts albums
Plisskën Festival is an annual music festival in Athens, Greece that started in December 2010.
During its previous editions, the festival has been held at Building 56 of the cultural centre Hellenic Cosmos.
Despite the ongoing fluctuations of Greece's social-economic environment, the festival has managed to successfully sustain itself, while increasing exponentially its line-up on a year by year basis. Gradually securing its place as a permanent fixture on the European festival scene, the festival attracts an ever-growing amount of international visitors.
Spanning a total line-up of more that 350 international artists and numerous local acts over its seven editions, the festival is noted for its genre-defying philosophy by embracing music from a diversified background, as well as its concentration on showcasing some of the latest talent to emerge from the international music scene. Some of the acts that have appeared in previous line-ups include: Wild Beasts, 65daysofstatic, Black Lips, Mount Kimbie, Fuck Buttons, Nightmares on Wax, Vitalic, Shackleton, Death Grips, Peaches, These New Puritans, Ebo Taylor, King Krule, Fucked Up, King Khan and the Shrines, The Haxan Cloak, Dope Body, Egyptian Hip Hop, Girls Names, King Tuff, Triggerfinger, The Notwist, Andrew Weatherall, Shigeto, Forest Swords.
A strong focal point encompasses sustainability and volunteering alike, with the festival introducing at 2012,The Lab, an annual workshop for young people involving theory and practice on the makings of a festival. For the last two years, the festival has been nominated as 'Best Indoor Festival' from the European Festival Awards, while it continuously maintains its environmental-conscious efforts and has been honored with the Commended Greener Festival Award 2014 for a second year on a row.
In December 2014, Plisskën Festival launched its first Winter edition in Athens and Thessaloniki, as a 4-year anniversary from its inception, featuring the likes of Lee 'Scratch' Perry, Swans, Simian Mobile Disco, The Bug and Son Lux
December 2017 saw the Festival hosting acts such as Mac DeMarco, Mulatu Astatke, Lena Platonos and others across its 2-day edition, with Liars and Lady Leshurr's performances being noted as festival highlights.
June 2019 was marked by the return of its two-day summer edition and the first ever Boiler Room Athens with Nicola Cruz, Khidja, Ana Helder, marcelDune and Noff Weezy.
The next edition of Plisskën Festival will take place June 12-13, 2022.
Line-ups
2010
23rd Underpass, Alexander Robotnick, Chew Lips, Danger, FM Belfast, Futurecop!, Handsome Furs, Mondkopf, Pickster One, Poka, Robots in Disguise, Rykarda Parasol, The Longcut, The Lytics, These New Puritans.
2012
Alan Braxe, Andrew Weatherall, Bong-Ra, Camera, College, Dead Skeletons, Drums of Death, Forest Swords, Joker, Junior Boys, Kid606, King Khan and the Shrines, Liquid, Male Bonding, Michael Rother, Montana Cruz, Peaches, Rita Maia, Son of Kick, Team Ghost, The Notwist, Triggerfinger, Villa, We Were Promised Jetpacks
2013
Beat Culture, Blackbird Blackbird, Brandt Brauer Frick, Death Grips, Dope Body, Dream Koala, Ebo Taylor, Egyptian Hip Hop, Eliphino, Eraas, FM Belfast, Fucked Up, Giraffage, Girls Names, Jonas Rathsman, Kidnap Kid, King Krule, King Tuff, Larry Gus, Lil Silva, Moullinex, Oy, Patten, Pyramid, Shigeto, Skinnerbox, Slow Magic, The Boy, The Haxan Cloak, Truckfighters, Xosar, XXYYXX
2014
65daysofstatic, 307 Squads, A Victim of Society, BeGun, Black Lips, Bomba Energia Soundsystem, Bombing the Avenue, Boogarins, BrainD, Cooly G, Crocodiles, BeGun, D/R/U/G/S, Damien Jurado, Deadbeat, Digital Riot, Dirty Beaches, Djuma Soundsystem, Dotmessage, Dub Pistols, Duckem, Eagles for Hands, Fatima Al Qadiri, Fink, Fuck Buttons, Ghost Culture, Girls Against Boys, Imam Baildi Soundsystem, Jeph1, Jonathan Toubin, Kyoka, M A N I K, Mcmxc, Mickey Lightfoot, Mike Ls, Miltiades, Mount Kimbie, Nadia Ksaiba, Nightmare Air, Nightmares on Wax, No Age, The Noise Figures, Ossie, Pad Trio, Plastic Flowers, Raketkanon, Say Lou Lou, Seams, Shackleton, The Soft Moon, Son Lux, Suuns, Teranga Beat, Terra Exotica, The East, Tijuana Panthers, Vitalic, Wild Beasts, Wooden Shjips
2014 (Winter Edition)
Lee 'Scratch' Perry, Swans, Simian Mobile Disco, The Bug, Son Lux
2015
...And You Will Know Us By the Trail of Dead, Acid Baby Jesus, Afformance, Amateurboyz, Âme, Andy Stott, Apanemic, Ariel Pink, Austra, Bad Spencer, Beardyman, Brodinski, Buke And Gase, Cairo Liberation Front, Clip!, Cult of Youth, Dalhous, Dels, Electric Wizard, Evian Christ, Fort Romeau, Gerd Janson, Gioumourtzina, Gonjasufi, Gus & Bonso, Happa, Iceage, Jaakko Eino Kalevi, Larry Tee, Liturgy, Livio & Roby, Metz, Mikal Cronin, Mogwai, Mononome, Morgan Delt, Mudhoney, Negros Tou Moria / NTM (The Black Morris), Perfume Genius, Pharmakon, Pharoahe Monch, Pow!, Ratking, Savages, Sekuoia, Sleaford Mods, Soul Clap, Squarepusher, Steve Gunn, Strand of Oaks, Tendts, The Coathangers, The Horrors, The Twilight Sad, Thee Oh Sees, Tiger & Woods, Tony Allen, Verveine, Warm Graves, Waxahatchee, Werkha, Whomadewho, Woz, Xylouris White
2016 (Winter Edition)
Amelie Lens, Ath Kids, Aurora Halal, Babyfather, Beatrice Dillon, Benton, Black Athena, Charlotte De Witte, Craves, Death In Vegas, Doc Daneeka, Elijah & Skilliam, Ellen Allien, error404, flökosH, Forest Swords, Holy Monitor, Hydroessa, Klein, Kooba Tercu, La Femme, Laolu, Lord Tusk, Menta, Mueran Humanos, Nalyssa Green, Negros Tou Moria, NTS Radio, Optimo, Prefuse 73, Psychic Ills, Runner, Someone Who Isn't Me, Strange U, The Fog Ensemble, The Four Owls, The Vagina Lips, Tuxedomoon, Vatican Shadow, XXXY, Zomby
2017 (Winter Edition)
67, Andy Stott, Anopolis, Autarkic, Bill Kouligas, Black Athena, Borrowed Identity, Brassica, Chaos In The CBD, Coby Sey, Dednewb, Demdike Stare, Dog2th, Gaika, Giganta, Hieroglyphic Being, Holy Fuck, Huerco S., Iguana Death Cult, Illum Sphere, Ivan Smagghe, Jessy Lanza, Joyce Wrice, Lady Leshurr, Lambert, Laps, Last Japan, Lena Platonos, Liars, Lotic, Mac Demarco, Matteo Vallicelli,
Mulatu Astatke, NTS Radio, Pauli. Romare, Smerz, The Longcut Thomey Bors, Tops, Tosin Martyns, Weval
2018 (Winter Edition)
Black Athena, David August, DEBONAIR, Elena Colombi, Lindstrøm, Lokier, Nathan Fake, object blue, Pantha Du Prince, Sama'
2019
Ana Helder, Black Athena, Black Milk, Bombino, Boy Harsher, Deena Abdelwahed, Donny Benet, D.Tiffany, Giant Swan, Giorgio Moroder, Hunee, Inga Mauer, Interstellar Funk, Jacques Greene, Jane Fitz, Jungle (band), Kap Bambino, Khidja, K-X-P, Lebanon Hanover, Lena Willikens, Loyal, Mehmet Aslan, Nicola Cruz, Object Blue, Optimo, Peter Bjorn and John, Poldoore, Prison Religion, Rone (musician), The Black Madonna, Tinariwen, Triptides, Violet
2019 (Winter Edition)
Afrodeutsche, Bishop Nehru, Cabaret Nocturne, Carla Dal Forno, E. Myers, Floating Points, Korea Town Acid, Quantic, Sama', Snapped Ankles
2021
La Femme, Goat, Kid Francescoli, LSDXOXO, bBymutha, Marina Satti, Avalon Emerson
2022
Bonobo, Caribou, Princess Nokia, slowthai, Mala Rodriguez, Jay Electronica
References
External links
Official website
http://www.wikifestivals.com/wiki/plisskën-festival
Electronic music festivals in Greece
Music festivals in Greece
Music festivals established in 2010
Winter events in Greece
Established in 2013, Forest For The Trees is a nonprofit organization dedicated to the creation of contemporary public art. We bring local and international artists together in collaborative settings and provide resources and creative freedom to create lasting works that are publicly accessible to all of Portland, Oregon.
Their name is derived from the popular idiom see the forest for the trees (i.e., seeing the big picture instead of focusing solely on what's in front of you). The organization hopes to pull Portlanders away from their daily routines and help them see the city as a literal canvas and gallery for artists, pedestrians, and big thinkers alike.
Forest For The Trees is organized by artist Gage Hamilton and curator Matt Wagner of Hellion Gallery. They believe that by improving the visual landscape of the city with quality artwork, and by providing ongoing opportunities for the artistic community, we can continually grow the presence of the arts in Portland.
History
Fifteen artists participated in 2013. Mural locations and artists include:
Southeast 9th and Stark, Marcelo Macedo
Southeast 26th and Steele, Taka Sudo
Southwest 12th and Washington, Rone
Southeast 9th and Oak, Yoskay Yamamoto and Taka Sudo
Southeast 8th and Sandy, Yoskay Yamamoto and J.Shea
Southeast 9th and Clay, MADSTEEZ and Ōyama Enrico Isamu Letter
Southeast 12th and Madison, Kamea Hadar and Meggs
Southeast 9th and Hawthorne, Blaine Fontana
Northeast 20th and Sandy, Gage Hamilton and Zach Yarrington
Northeast 21st and Alberta, Blaine Fontana, Zach Yarrington, and Jun Inoue
Twenty artists participated in 2014, creating twenty new public artworks.
In 2015, 29 artists produced 19 murals.
References
External links
2013 establishments in Oregon
Cultural organizations based in Oregon
Culture of Portland, Oregon
Non-profit organizations based in Oregon
Organizations based in Portland, Oregon
Organizations established in 2013
Leonard Goffiné (6 December 1648 – 11 August 1719) was a German Catholic priest who wrote devotional texts which remained influential in his country for two centuries afterwards.
Born in Cologne, or according to some, Broich, at the age of nineteen he entered the Norbertine Abbey of Steinfeld, in the Eifel district of Germany, and commenced his two years novitiate in July 1667. Having made his solemn Profession on 16 July 1667, he was sent for his course of philosophy and theology to the Norbertine college in Cologne. Ordained priest on Ember Saturday before Christmas, 1667, Goffine was sent to Dünwald to assist the priests who were charged with the direction of the parish and the convent of the Norbertine canonesses. In the same capacity he was afterwards sent to Ellen, where there was also a convent of Norbertine nuns. Goffine remained four years in each of these places, being recalled by the abbot, 26 February 1680, to fill the office of novice master in the abbey. He was next given charge of the parish of Clarholz, which was incorporated with the Norbertine abbey of the same name, in the diocese of Osnabrück, for owing to the dearth of priests due Lutheranism and the Thirty Year War, abbots and bishops were obliged to have recourse to other dioceses and religious orders to fill the vacancies.
Goffine remained at Clarholz five years (1680–85), and was sent thence to Niederehe, a priory which the Abbey of Steinfeld possessed in the Archdiocese of Trier. He remained in Niederehe but a very short time, being sent in 1885 to assist the clergy of St. Lambert's at Coesfield, in the Diocese of Munster. He left Coesfeld in 1691, when, at the urgent request of the Archbishop of Trier, he undertook the charge of the parishes, first of Wehr, then of Rheinböllen, and afterwards of Idar-Oberstein, from December, 1696, until his death in 1719. While parish priest of Oberstein (a mostly Protestant town) he had also to attend the Catholics living in Weiersbach, in the Diocese of Mainz. Goffine himself states that he had taken St. Norbert, the founder of his order, as his model, "because St. Norbert cared and worked so much for the salvation of souls."
While he was at Coesfeld he wrote his best-known work, Handpostille oder Christkatholische Unterrichtungen auf alle Sonn und Feyer-tagen des ganzen Jahrs (brief commentaries or Postils in the form of question and answer on the Proper of the mass, principally on the Epistle and gospel of the day). This book was ready in 1687, and in 1688 it received the imprimatur of the Vicar-General of Münster, and in 1690 the approbation of Rev. William Heimbach, Norbertine prior of , and of Rev. John Dirking, Rector of the Jesuit college of Hildesheim. The first edition, printed in Mainz in 1690, was soon exhausted, and a second edition was printed in Cologne in 1692. Translations have been made into Moravian, Bohemian, Hungarian, English, French, Italian, Swedish and Flemish.
Other books
Auslegung der Regel des heiligen Augustinus (Cologne, 1692);
Trostbuch in Trübsalen (Cologne)
Cibus animæ matutinalis, etc. (Cologne, 1705)
Sermons for the whole year, 2 vols. (Nuremberg, 1705)
Erklarung des Katechismi Petri Canisii (Cologne, 1712)
Die Lehre Christi (Cologne, 1715)
Kleiner Kinder-katechismus (Cologne, 1717)
Der Wachter des gottlichen Worts (Cologne, 1718)
Praxes Sacræ seu modus explicandi cæremonias per annum (Frankfurt, 1719).
References
cites:
Lienhardt, Spiritus Literarius Norbertinus. (Augsurg, 1771)
Wolfgang Grassl: Culture of Place: An Intellectual Profile of the Premonstratensian Order. Bautz, Nordhausen 2012.
1648 births
1719 deaths
17th-century German Roman Catholic priests
Premonstratensians
German male writers
18th-century German Roman Catholic priests
Clergy from Cologne
Gennaro Placco (1826-1896) was an Arbëresh poet who was a prominent activist of the Risorgimento.
Life
Gennaro Placco was born in 1826 in Civita, Calabria, an Arbëresh community. His family was poor and his uncle, a priest, helped him enroll in an Arbëresh college. He later studied law, and became an activist of the Risorgimento movement which sought the unification of Italy. He became one of the most well-known activists among the Arbëresh, although the community had many members invloved in the patriotic movement. At around the same time he started to write, mostly poems and memories. His works focused on the promotion of patriotic and liberal ideas, including more political rights for ordinary people and the unification of Italy into a single state. His life's details are in a large part known from the writings of his friend, Luigi Settembrini. Placco died in 1896, and nowadays he is remembered among the Arbëresh through s cultural organization that manages a museum, a library and an art gallery. The aim of the organization is the promotion of the Albanian language and culture among Arbëresh youth.
References
Arbëreshë people
19th-century Italian people
Italian politicians
19th-century Italian poets
Matlab was an upazila of the Chandpur District of the Chittagong Division, Bangladesh. In 2000, the administrative area was subdivided into Matlab Dakshin Upazila and Matlab Uttar Upazila.
The Matlab Health and Demographic Surveillance Site (HDSS) was established in 1963 by the International Centre for Diarrhoeal Disease Research, Bangladesh, (icddr,b, former Pakistan SEATO Cholera Research Laboratory). Matlab contains the largest population under continuous PSCRL surveillance in the world. The area is representative of many rural and riverine deltas in Bangladesh, and is one of the richest and longest-running longitudinal data sources within the developing world.
In 1960, a group of American and Bangladeshi scientists journeyed across a cholera-prone sub-district of Bangladesh on a barge-turned-floating cholera hospital. This particular barge was used around Matlab to treat patients with cholera otherwise inaccessible due to their remote location. This is the story of the Matlab HDSS which would develop into the Matlab Health Research Centre - a full-fledged health care facility and one of the most important research sites in the world.
In 1966, a Health and Demographic Surveillance System (HDSS) was established in Matlab to record data regarding birth, death and migration. Initially the main purpose was to conduct cholera vaccine trials and to track the trends of public health problems of rural Bangladesh. One of the most important roles Matlab played in the field of public health was through the development of an oral rehydration solution (ORS). The ORS, at the time created from salt, molasses and water, was first trialed in 1968 at Matlab. It is now considered one of the most important medical advances of the 20th century and estimated to have saved around 50 million lives globally.
Geography
Matlab is a former thana of the Chandpur district of Bangladesh, situated 55 km southeast of Dhaka. its total area in regards to the HDSS is 184 km2. Three seasons are typical: monsoon, cool-dry, and hot-dry, and the climate is sub-tropical. It is subject to annual flooding due to its position within low-lying flatlands. Average annual rainfall is approximately 2159mm, concentrated mainly during monsoon season (June to September).
Inception, structure and procedure
During its inception, 132 villages were included and 101 villages were added in 1968. Traditional Birth Attendants (dais, elderly illiterate women mostly) used to work to detect and record data of the vital events through weekly household visit. Health Assistants (HA) along with the Dais visited households every six weeks with standard registration forms. In 1977, major modification of field structure and programme activities were made, leading to the exclusion of 84 villages and the retention of 149 villages. The Family Planning and Health Services Project was then launched in 70 villages with the remaining 79 villages not included intentionally to serve as a comparison area. The Dais of both treated areas and comparison areas were eventually replaced by female Community Health Workers (CHW). In 1993, due to river erosion, 7 villages within the comparison area disappeared, reducing the project to 142 villages. However, the majority of villagers resettled within nearby villages still participating in the HDSS.
A typical village in Bangladesh consists of several baris – groups of houses centered around courtyards – which function as economic and social units. The HDSS system covers all houses within these areas. Data is collected from individuals who are regular residents (either permanent or those who have resided continuously within these areas for at least 6 months.) Birth, death, and migrations have been recorded since 1966, and the recording of marriages and divorces began in 1975. Recording of split households and changes in family type began after the 1993 census.
Data is collected within treatment and comparison areas through the Record Keeping System (RKS). The health data currently covers married women of reproductive age (data includes reproductive status, contraception, tetanus, etc.) and children under 5 (immunization, diarrhea, acute lower respiratory infection, breastfeeding, etc.). The Geographical Information System (GIS) was introduced in 1993. In HDSS's administrative term, three projects are running in the area: DSS, RKS and GIS. The system also collects socio-economic data.
Field procedures
a) Initial census and regular update rounds - CHWs collect data through monthly household visits. They also provide health services to mothers and children in treatment areas, while in comparison areas they simply advise residents to visit government health facilities.
b) Continuous surveys - CHWs enquire about demographic events which have occurred since their last visit. Special forms and record keeping books (RKBs) are used to keep health data.
c) Supervision and quality control - field research assistants supervise CHWs, while overall field activities are supervised by field managers.
Priority research area
Fertility, reproductive health, maternal and child health, child morbidity and causes of death, health equity, and climate change.
Impact of Matlab on public health
The development of oral rehydration saline.
Family planning: the introduction of CHWs in 1970 greatly increased contraceptive use and reduced fertility. These methods were later adopted internationally.
Immunization: Matlab showed that 63% of childhood deaths were due to vaccine-preventable disease and could be prevented by effective immunization campaigns.
Child health and family planning: child mortality has been reduced by about 75% within the last 25 years due to the combined efforts of childhood health and family planning programmes.
References
Chandpur District
Christina Mikkelsen (born 19 September 1992) is a Danish model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Denmark 2016. She represented Denmark at the Miss Universe 2016 in Manila, Philippines on 30 January 2017, but later was dethroned in February 2017 due to accusations of money laundering in Equatorial Guinea.
Pageantry
Mikkelsen was crowned Bride of the World 2012 representing Denmark in Macau.
On 14 May 2016 Mikkelsen was also crowned Miss Universe Denmark 2016. However, she was dethroned after returning from Miss Universe, unplaced. Mikkelsen represented Denmark at Miss Universe 2016 but was unplaced.
References
External links
Official site
1992 births
Living people
Miss Universe 2016 contestants
People from Copenhagen
Danish beauty pageant winners
Danish female models
The Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority (MRA) was a statutory authority of the Government of Western Australia. It was established on 1 January 2012 pursuant to the Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority Act 2011 and reported to the Minister for Planning.
The Act "... provide[s] for the planning and redevelopment of, and the control of development in certain land in the metropolitan region; and to establish a State agency with planning, development control, land acquisition and disposal and other functions in respect of that land."
The MRA combined the responsibilities and projects formerly undertaken by former redevelopment authorities for East Perth, Subiaco, Midland and Armadale. Projects overseen by the MRA have included Elizabeth Quay, Perth City Link, Perth Cultural Centre and Yagan Square.
In 2019 the MRA merged with LandCorp to form DevelopmentWA.
References
Statutory agencies of Western Australia
Urban development authorities
2011 establishments in Australia
2019 disestablishments in Australia
Hugh of Briel, in older literature Hugh of Bruyères, was a French knight and the second lord of the Barony of Karytaina in the Principality of Achaea, in Frankish Greece.
Hailing from Briel-sur-Barse in the French province of Champagne, Hugh inherited the Barony of Karytaina sometime around 1222 from his brother, Renaud of Briel. Hugh married Alice of Villehardouin, a daughter of the Prince of Achaea, Geoffrey I of Villehardouin. Hugh of Briel died in early 1238, not yet forty years old, and was succeeded by his son Geoffrey.
References
Sources
1238 deaths
Barons of Karytaina
Medieval Arcadia
People from Aube
Year of birth unknown
A Heritage Unit or Commemorative Locomotive is a railroad locomotive painted in an honorary paint scheme; usually the paint scheme of a now-defunct railroad that merged with or was acquired by the locomotive's owner. Many of them are EMD SD70ACes from Union Pacific, Norfolk Southern, and even Canadian Pacific. The Union Pacific Railroad painted six "EMD SD70ACe"s in stylized paint schemes of six of its predecessors between 2005 and 2006. The Norfolk Southern Railway did the same in 2012 with 20 of its locomotives for its 30th Railroad Anniversary. 10 of them being EMD SD70ACes, while the others being GE ES44AC units. For its 40th anniversary in 2011, Amtrak painted four GE P42DCs, a P40DC, and an EMD F40PH converted to an NPCU into its older paint schemes. Several more were painted for its 50th anniversary in 2021. In 2019, the Canadian Pacific Railway painted nine EMD SD70ACU units in a maroon and gray paint scheme with a different font style. In late 2020, the Canadian National Railway revealed five new heritage units after they had been first spotted a month earlier. These included four GE ET44ACs and one EMD SD70M-2. They were painted in honour of the 25th anniversary of CN's initial public offering. As of 2021, all major railroads have official heritage units, except for BNSF Railway, and Kansas City Southern.
List of heritage units
Below is a list of heritage units in active service by various railroads.
See also
Heritage Units
References
Locomotives
Of a Simple Man is the second album by Lobo, released in 1972 on Big Tree Records.
It is Lobo's most popular album, peaking at #37 on the US Top LP chart. Two of its singles were Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 and chart toppers on the Easy Listening chart.
Track listing
All songs are written by Kent LaVoie.
Personnel
Production
Producer: Phil Gernhard
Engineer: Bob Richardson
Photography: Marion Moorman
Charts
Album
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Singles
References
External links
1972 albums
Big Tree Records albums
Lobo (musician) albums
This is a list of characters from Middlesex, a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Jeffrey Eugenides published in 2002.
Characters
Calliope "Callie" (later changes name to Cal) Helen Stephanides is the omniscient narrator of the novel. In 1960, he is born with 5-alpha-reductase deficiency, a mutation that causes him to physically look like a girl, when in fact, he possesses the hormones of a boy. He attends an all-girls school, where he joins the field hockey team. At the school, Calliope falls in love with the Obscure Object. Calliope experiences the "bulb", which he calls a "crocus", between his legs erect when he thinks about the Obscure Object.
Chapter Eleven is Calliope's brother. His name plays off how he leads his father's company into bankruptcy. Chapter Eleven refers to the United States bankruptcy law of the same name.
Clementine Stark is the girl in Grosse Pointe, Michigan, who teaches Calliope how to kiss.
Obscure Object is the girl with whom Calliope falls in love. The term originated from Eugenides' college days at Brown University with Rick Moody. When the two found the same girl alluring, they would refer to her as the "Obscure Object". She is now an art historian and lives in Toronto, Canada.
Jerome is the Obscure Object's brother. He is the first boy with whom Calliope has sex.
Eleutherios "Lefty" Stephanides is Calliope's grandfather and Desdemona's husband. He is also Desdemona's brother, and is one year her junior. Desdemona and Lefty grew up in a village called Bithynios in Greece. The two become orphaned, live by themselves and manage the silk farm. Lefty is a bachelor who is unmoved by the seductive techniques employed by the only two marriageable women in the village. In 1922, when the Turks bombard their village, brother and sister move to Smyrna. Upon their arrival at the city, Smyrna is burned and sacked.
The two escape Smyrna by boarding a boat for America. They profess their love for each other and marry on the boat. They immigrate to Detroit and are sponsored by their cousin, Sourmalina, and her husband Jimmy Zizmo. Lefty and Desdemona have two children together, Milton and Zoe. Lefty works for a production plant at the Ford Motor Company. He is fired after Ford's inspectors visit his home and discover that Zizmo is selling contraband. Following his dismissal, Lefty becomes a gangster for a short period of time before later managing a bar which he names the Zebra Room.
In his later life, on the day Cal is born, Lefty has a stroke, losing his ability to speak. Lefty communicates with his family by writing messages on a chalkboard. To pass time, he translates Sappho's works every day. He smokes hashish and listens to rebetika albums.
Desdemona Stephanides is Calliope's grandmother. She is the sister and wife of Lefty. On the eve of their departure for America, she and Lefty professed their love to each other and married on the boat. During her pregnancy with Milton, she learned that children of incest are often born with diseases. She tried to distant herself from Lefty sexually, but after giving birth to Zoe, she completely withheld sex from him. Throughout her life, Desdemona is plagued with the incest which she and her brother have committed. After moving to America, she works for a brief time counseling the young women workers of the Nation of Islam the ideal way to generate silk.
Years later, with her silver spoon, she predicts that Calliope will be a boy. She had never been wrong before. Twenty-three prior guesses were correct. This time, however, she is considered wrong because the doctor thought that Calliope was a female.
Sourmelina "Lina" (née Pappasdiamondopoulis) Zizmo is the cousin of Lefty and Desdemona. She is married to Jimmy Zizmo. Sourmalina and her husband sponsor Lefty and Desdemona to reach America. A former inhabitant of Bithynios, she was married off to Zizmo after she was noticed in an inappropriate relationship with a married woman. She sponsors Desdemona and Lefty, keeping their incestuous relationship a secret due to her own secret, her former lesbian intrigue in Bithynios.
Jimmy Zizmo is Lina's husband. He abandons her, faking his own death after she gives birth to their first and only child, Theodora ("Tessie"), Cal's mother, due to his erroneous suspicions that the baby is not his. He reinvents himself as Wallace Fard Muhammad, leader of the Nation of Islam.
Miltiades "Milton" Stephanides is Calliope's father. He is the son of Lefty and Desdemona. Milton is Tessie's husband and second cousin. Milton courts Tessie with a clarinet and marries her after fighting in World War II. Milton loses his first business to a fire in the 1967 Detroit riot. The payments he receives from several insurance companies enables him to finance a hot dog chain called Hercules Hot Dogs not only becomes a profitable household name but also turns him into a millionaire.
Theodora "Tessie" Stephanides is Calliope's mother. She is Milton's wife and second cousin. After having a son, Chapter Eleven, Tessie longs for a daughter. She and Milton plan the lovemaking to be at the appropriate time to exact the desired result.
Zoë "Aunt Zoe" Stephanides is Calliope's aunt and Father Mike's wife. She is the daughter of Lefty and Desdemona.
Michael "Father Mike" Antoniou is an Orthodox priest who is Tessie's former fiancé. He is Aunt Zoe's husband, although he is still in love with Tessie.
Nishan Philobosian is an Armenian doctor who is evacuated from Smyrna with Lefty and Desdemona after his family is killed by Turkish soldiers, then becomes the Stephanides family's trusted physician in America.
Marius Wyxzewixard Challouehliczilczese Grimes is an African American who befriends Callie. Marius calls Callie "Little Queen of the Nile". He is named after an Ethiopian nationalist. By day, Marius supports himself through working at a record store, and by night, he studies at the University of Detroit Law School. Upon graduation, he intends to file a lawsuit against the city of Dearborn for housing discrimination against African Americans.
In one of the central scenes in the novel pertaining to black-white relations, Marius reveals that Callie's father is fearful of African Americans and pays money to the police to protect himself against them. This belief is confirmed when Milton, after seeing Marius talking to Callie, tells her to "stay away from people like that". Callie sees him for the last time during the 1967 Detroit riot. Marius sets on fire a rag suspended from the aperture of a Molotov cocktail and hurls it into the Zebra Room, a bar owned by Milton.
Peter "Uncle Pete" Tatakis is a bachelor who attends the Sunday debating sessions at Milton's house.
Peter Luce is a sexologist in New York who is considered a foremost expert on hermaphroditism. Dr. Luce is modeled after the 1970s sexologist, John Money. Both Luce and Money believe that nurture determined a person's gender identity and that gender reassignment after two-and-a-half years of age would be disastrous. Luce plans to castrate Calliope and give her progesterone to let her remain female.
Zora Khyber is a coworker of Cal's at San Francisco's Sixty-Niners, Bob Presto's burlesque club. Appearing fully female despite being genetically male, Zora is affected by complete androgen insensitivity syndrome. She is passionate about intersex visibility despite her ability to pass as female.
Julie Kikuchi is a Japanese-American photographer with whom Cal has a relationship in his adult life.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Middlesex
The 1937–38 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 30th since its establishment.
Overview
South China B won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
First
The 1996 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Jackie Sherrill. The Bulldogs played their home games in 1996 at Scott Field in Starkville, Mississippi. The season included the first win over Alabama since 1980.
Schedule
Roster
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Rev Patrick Haldane of Gleneagles MP (1683–1769) was a Scottish classicist, advocate, politician and judge.
Life
He was born the second son of John Haldane of Gleneagles, M.P., and the younger brother of Mungo Haldane. He was educated at St. Andrews University (1699), Leyden University (1711) and qualified as an advocate in 1715. He succeeded his brother Mungo Haldane as 16th Laird of Gleneagles in 1759.
He was Professor of Greek at St. Andrews University in 1705-07 and professor of ecclesiastical history there in 1707-18. He was a commissioner of the equivalent in 1715-16, provost of St. Andrews from 1716 to 1720, commissioner for forfeited estates from 1716–25, and a commissioner of excise in 1724-27. He was appointed joint solicitor-general in Scotland for 1746-55 and served as the first crown-appointed sheriff-depute for Perthshire from 1746.
He was elected Member of Parliament for Perth Burghs in 1715, sitting until 1722.
He died at Duddingston on 10 January 1769.
Family
He had married before 1721, Margaret Forrester, the daughter of William Forrester, 4th Lord Forrester of Corstorphine, and had a son and a daughter. Their son was Colonel George Haldane, a professional soldier, Governor of Jamaica and MP.
References
1683 births
Year of birth uncertain
1769 deaths
People from Auchtermuchty
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Leiden University alumni
Classical scholars of the University of St Andrews
Solicitors General for Scotland
Members of the Faculty of Advocates
British MPs 1715–1722
Whig (British political party) MPs for Scottish constituencies
Scottish sheriffs
Carl Ratner (born April 17, 1943) is an American cultural psychologist. He is the Director of the Institute for Cultural Research and Education in the United States and an adjunct professor at the Universidad Autónoma del Estado de Morelos in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico. He is a member of the International Association for Cross-Cultural Psychology. He is known for his theory of "macro cultural psychology", which is based on the works of Soviet psychologist Lev Vygotsky. He was a Fulbright Fellow at Jawaharlal Nehru University from 2006 to 2007.
References
External links
Profile at Social Psychology Network
University at Buffalo alumni
Living people
American psychologists
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Humboldt State University faculty
1943 births
Academics from New York (state)
American emigrants to Mexico
Cultural psychologists
Bab El Assa District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Duncan Sprott is a novelist living in Ireland.
Life
He attended the University of St Andrews where he read Theology, and was awarded the G. W. Anderson Prize for Hebrew. He then attended the Heatherley School of Fine Art and ended up teaching English, Greek and Drama for 13 years. He has been a full-time writer since 1990, his novels having been translated into many languages and which are mostly set within a historical backdrop. He was awarded an Arts Council Literature Bursary in 1995 and his journalism has appeared in most of the major national newspapers. He currently resides in Ireland.
Writing
Novels
Independent novels
The Clopton Hercules (1991)
The Rise of Mr. Warde (1992)Our Lady of the Potatoes (1995)
Ptolemies Quartet (ongoing)
The House of the Eagle (2004)
Daughter of the Crocodile (2006)
Nonfiction
1784 (1984)
Sprottichronicon: A Millennium Cracker (2000)
References
External links
Duncan Sprott
Rereadings: Duncan Sprott on CP Cavafy
Review: The House of the Eagle by Duncan Sprott
Irish male novelists
Irish historical novelists
20th-century Irish non-fiction writers
21st-century Irish non-fiction writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Reverend George Wilson McPhail D.D. (December 26, 1815 – June 28, 1871) was a Presbyterian minister, and educator who served as the sixth president of Lafayette College, a director at Princeton Theological Seminary, and as the fifth president of Davidson College.
Biography
McPhail was born in Norfolk, Virginia in 1815 and attended Hampden–Sydney College for a period of two years before entering Yale University where he graduated in 1835. After college, McPhail returned to Virginia where he attended Union Presbyterian Seminary, studying theology.
After his ordainment, McPhail was called upon to preach at a number of churches, leaving at various times due to health problems. He started in Prince George County, Virginia before moving to Buckingham, Virginia, Fredericksburg, Virginia, and finally the Brainard church in Easton, Pennsylvania. While at the Brainard church, in 1857, he was elected as president of nearby Lafayette College where he served until 1863. While at Lafayette, McPhail worked with Francis March, who was previously appointed as an instructor to the school under the tutelage of former president Daniel V. McLean, on recommendation from McPhail. March, a revolutionary academic, was the first individual to teach English in a college setting, and McPhail was instrumental in creating courses specific to the philological study of the English language - something every other American college afterwards began to do.
During the 1861 school year, and with the advent of the American Civil War, Lafayette saw a drastic decrease in enrollment. Though interest in the school began again after the Battle of Antietam, when Lee invaded Pennsylvania the rush to arms by students statewide was so great it left Lafayette almost without pupils. Commencement in 1863 therefore did not take place as there were not enough students capable of graduating. Seniors who joined the military efforts ended up graduating the following year, and due to the financial pressures of a college without students, McPhail resigned in 1863.
After Lafayette, McPhail taught at an all-ladies seminary in Philadelphia before taking on the role as president at Davidson College in 1867. While at Davidson, McPhail took gratification in leading many students into the church of Christ, many of whom would later join the ministry themselves. During his time at Davidson, McPhail's condition slowly worsened, yet he was able to continue fulfilling his obligations until a short time before his death. Ultimately, he became ill while signing diplomas for the class of 1871 and died before the commencement of that year.
Personal life
McPhail married Mary C. Page in December 1840. Together they had four children, though three died while McPhail was still alive, causing him much grief.
In 1857, McPhail was awarded with an honorary degree of Doctor of Divinity from Jefferson College.
McPhail died on June 28, 1871 in Davidson, North Carolina at the age of 55.
References
External links
Biography from the Davidson College Archives & Special Collections
1815 births
1871 deaths
Presidents of Davidson College
Presidents of Lafayette College
Yale University alumni
Union Presbyterian Seminary alumni
People from Norfolk, Virginia
People from Buckingham, Virginia
Lafayette College trustees
People from Davidson, North Carolina
I Came Upon a Lighthouse: A Short Memoir of Life with Ratan Tata is a memoir written by Shantanu Naidu and illustrated by Sanjana Desai. Published by HarperCollins India in January 2021, the memoir explores the life and relation between the millennial Naidu and the octogenarian industrialist, Ratan Tata. The book is an illustrated memoir of Naidu's candid interaction with Tata over five years.
References
Indian literature in English
Debut books
2021 non-fiction books
Indian memoirs
Giuseppe Finzi was one of three s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the 1930s. Completed in 1936, she played a minor role in the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 supporting the Spanish Nationalists. The submarine made multiple patrols in the Atlantic Ocean during the Second World War, sinking five Allied ships. Gisueppe Finzi began conversion into a transport submarine in 1943, but was captured by the Germans in September 1943 before it was completed and redesignated as UIT-21. She was scuttled by them in August 1944 to prevent her capture.
Design and description
The Calvi class was an improved and enlarged version of the preceding submarine cruisers. They displaced surfaced and submerged. The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of . They had an operational diving depth of . Their crew numbered 77 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft. When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the Calvi class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and in the stern for which they carried a total of 16 torpedoes. They were also armed with a pair of deck guns, one each fore and aft of the conning tower, for combat on the surface. Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two twin-gun mounts for machine guns.
Construction and career
Giuseppe Finzi (pennant number FZ) was laid down by Odero-Terni-Orlando (OTO) at their Muggiano, La Spezia shipyard in 1932, launched on 29 June 1935 and completed the following year. While patrolling off Valencia during the Spanish Civil War, the submarine unsuccessfully attacked a Republican during a patrol on 15 August–4 September 1937. During that same patrol she later missed a merchant ship with two torpedoes.
The first patrol during the Second World War was from Cagliari to the Atlantic, and lasted from 5 June to 10 July 1940. The submarine sailed on 7 September 1940 and passed the Strait of Gibraltar on 13 September for an Atlantic patrol to Bordeaux, France, on 29 September. The German Admiral Karl Dönitz visited Giuseppe Finzi on 30 September to welcome sailors to the German base. The third patrol near the British Isles from 24 October to 4 December 1940 revealed that the diesel engine air intake was too exposed for North Atlantic winter weather. The fourth patrol was near the Canary Islands from 10 March to 17 April 1941 and the fifth patrol was off Gibraltar in August. During the sixth patrol from 7 to 29 December 1941 , Giuseppe Finzi and rescued sailors of the sunken German commerce raider . The submarine sailed for Operation Neuland on 6 February 1942 and returned on 31 March. She returned to the Caribbean Sea for an eighth patrol from 6 June to 18 August 1942. On 26 November 1942 Giuseppe Finzi sailed for a ninth patrol to Brazil; but mechanical problems required return to base on 10 December. The boat patrolled the West African coast from 11 February to 18 April 1943. Conversion to a transport submarine was never completed, and the boat was seized by the Germans on 9 September 1943 when Italy surrendered to the Allies. Renamed UIT21 in German service, she was scuttled at Le Verdon-sur-Mer on 25 August 1944 to pprevent her capture by advancing Allied forces.
Notes
References
uboat.net Giuseppe Finzi (FZ, I.2) Finzi Accessed 2 May 2022
External links
Giuseppe Finzi Marina Militare website
Calvi-class submarines
Ships built in Italy
1935 ships
World War II submarines of Italy
Shipwrecks of France
Maritime incidents in September 1943
Maritime incidents in August 1944
Scuttled vessels
Directions to Servants is a satirical and humorous essay by Jonathan Swift. Swift is known to have been working on it in 1731, though it was not published until after his death in 1745. The first few chapters are much more developed than the later ones, and it appears that the work was unfinished and uncorrected at Swift's death.
The work is in 16 chapters:
"Rules that Concern All Servants in General"
"Directions to the Butler"
"Directions to the Footman"
"Directions to the Coachman"
"Directions to the Groom"
"Directions to the House Steward and Land Steward"
"Directions to the Porter"
"Directions to the Chambermaid"
"Directions to the Waitingmaid"
"Directions to the Housemaid"
"Directions to the Dairymaid"
"Directions to the Children's Maid"
"Directions to the Nurse"
"Directions to the Laundress"
"Directions to the Housekeeper"
"Directions to the Tutoress, or Governess"
Critical review
A 2015 review of Les Editions de Londres suggests that the light-hearted Directions to Servants is more of an Horatian than Juvenalian satire. Swift goes beyond simple parody or satire: by providing the servants with advice that verges on the absurd he deconstructs and amusingly reveals the absurdities of the Eighteenth-century English social system. But Swift is not concerned with the reform of society, and he does not have Beaumarchais's pre-revolutionary stress on the injustice of an aristocratic system. Rather, his intent is to mock and denounce the travails of human nature as did Ben Jonson over a century earlier.
Although the essay is generally little-known in Britain, in France it is (after Gulliver's Travels) one of his most famous works.
References
External links
Directions to Servants at Wikisource
Fascimile at Google Books
Essays by Jonathan Swift
Satirical books
Sherman3D is an independently owned video game developer team founded by Sherman Chin in 2003, which develops bright and colorful anime inspired video games.
Sherman Chin
Sherman Chin is the founder, game producer and Chief Information Officer of Sherman3D. Sherman graduated with a BSc (Hons) in Computing from the University of Portsmouth, UK, and was the recipient of the 2002 International Game Developers Association scholarship. After graduating, Sherman won in Venture 2002,Malaysia's first nationwide business plan competition organized by McKinsey & Company. The award was presented to Sherman by then Malaysia's Prime Minister, Yang Amat Berhormat Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi and then Malaysia's deputy Prime Minister (now Prime Minister), Yang Amat Berhormat Najib Razak.
While in college, Sherman was a partner of the founder of 5th Cell, Joseph Tringali, at Epix Interactive Studios before being a founding a shareholder of 5th Cell.
Aside from being the founder of Sherman3D, Sherman worked as a game producer in Japan, as a project manager in Canada, as a COO in Malaysia and a game industry consultant for the Gerson Lehrman Group providing advisory services for international investors.
Sherman is appointed by Limkokwing University of Creative Technology as its external examiner for its games design course
Sherman was featured on the cover and center spread of the New Straits Times newspapers' Tech pullout. The article was awarded best feature and best cover.
Sherman is interviewed as an authority in video game development by RPGamer, GameRamble, and the Astro Awani satellite TV news channel.
Sherman was invited to speak on the philosophy of Great Doubt at Casual Connect Asia in Singapore and was featured by the official Casual Connect GameSauce website.
Sherman was selected by the Tokyo Game Show management committee to represent Malaysia at the indie game area of Tokyo Game Show on the 17, 18, 19 and 20 September 2015, sponsored by Sony PlayStation.
Sherman was one of the main speakers at the Cloud South East Asia conference on 7 October 2015 covering PC Game and Cloud Computing organized by Informa PLC, London and was interviewed by Business Cloud News.
Sherman was one of the featured speakers at the Mobile Developer Day 2015 Conference on 22 October 2015 covering the 1337 Game Accelerator in Cyberjaya, Malaysia.
Sherman spoke about the 1337 Ventures game pre-accelerator at the closed door CIO Asia Summit organized by GDS International attended by 30 international CIOs from 27 until 29 October 2015 at the Le Meridien Hotel, Kuala Lumpur.
In late 2016, Sherman was credited to be Malaysia's most experienced video game developer.
Overview
Sherman3D started as an independent game development community but was incorporated in April 2003 in Malaysia. Sherman3D's has online developers from across the globe from countries such as Japan, New Zealand, United Kingdom and America. Sherman3D specializes in pixel art outsourcing and has worked on over 20 internationally recognized games including Drawn To Life published by THQ in 2007, Scribblenauts published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment in 2009, Nickelodeon Diego's Build & Rescue published by 2K Play in 2010.
In 2011, Sherman3D created its own story and trademarked intellectual property in the form of a sci-fi fantasy PC Role Playing Game entitled Alpha Kimori Great Doubt Episode One, which was distributed by Big Fish Games, IGN Entertainment and GameHouse in the US, IGN in the UK, GamersGate in Sweden, and DLsite in Japan.
Sherman3D is an authorized Nintendo DS developer and provides pixel art partner studio outsourcing services to other game development companies such as 5th Cell. Sherman3D and its services is also listed in the Game Developer's Market Guide book
History
Sherman3D worked on a MMORPG prototype entitled Vibeforce on IBM's Butterfly Supercomputing Grid for Sony's PlayStation 2, which was showcased at E3 2003. Sherman3D was mentioned in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and USA Today.
The Sherman3D 3D BSP Game Engine and documentation has been used as university research paper reference.
Sherman3D was invited to speak on the philosophy of Great Doubt in Alpha Kimori at the Defense, Science & Research Conference 2011 organized by the National University of Singapore in August 2011.
Sherman3D also worked on all the in-game pixel art graphics of Scribblenauts, Lock's Quest and Drawn To Life, which were rated at 8.5, 8.5 and 8.0 out of 10 respectively by IGN Entertainment.
Sherman3D'''s Alpha Kimori game was selected as the first and only commercial flagship RPG Maker game sold by Degica Co., Ltd., Japan, the official sole distributor of the RPG Maker game engine internationally on 5 August 2012.Sherman3D showcased Alpha Kimori at the Tokyo Game Show in Japan on 20 and 21 September 2012 and was highlighted by the Japanese media as a tribute to classic Japanese role-playing games.Sherman3D's Alpha Kimori was put up on Valve's Steam Greenlight and was featured on Tech In Asia and Gamezebo.
The following is a chronology of Alpha Kimori event on Valve's Steam platform:
2013 May 21 | Alpha Kimori JRPG and Philosophy lecture by Sherman Chin at Casual Connect Asia in Singapore at the Tower Ballroom of Shangri-la Hotel.
2013 December 9 | Alpha Kimori GreenLit on Steam.
2014 March 17 | Alpha Kimori launches on Valve's Steam after being Greenlit.
2014 April 1 | Alpha Kimori launches on Big Fish Games Japan.
2014 June 17 | Alpha Kimori sold over 29,000 copies in the Groupees Be Mine 13 Game and Charity Bundle sponsored by Machinima.
2014 December 25 | Alpha Kimori sold 31,657 copies in the Humble Weekly Bundle: RPG Edition Book 1 Bundle.
Original Intellectual Property Titles
2011 | Alpha Kimori (PC) - Published and Distributed by Big Fish Games, GameHouse, GameFly, RealArcade Japan, Direct2Drive UK, Direct2Drive US, GamersGate Sweden, DLsite Japan, GameFools, About.com, AT&T, AOL Games.com, I-Play, iWin, MSN, Shockwave, MumboJumbo, Encyclopædia Britannica, Asus, EA's Pogo.com, Yahoo, Virgin Media, Paltalk, Oberon
2012 | Alpha Kimori 2 (PC) - Published by Sherman3D2014 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Royal Tiles Resource Pack (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2014 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Dungeons and Volcanoes Tile Pack (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2014 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Wild West Tiles Pack (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2014 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Evil Castle Tiles Pack (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2014 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Halloween Tiles Resource Pack (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2015 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Sci-Fi Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2015 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Winter Wonderland Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2015 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Valentine's Tile Pack (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2016 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Casino Tile Pack (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2016 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Classic School Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2016 | RPG Maker MV - Town of Seasons (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2017 | RPG Maker MV - Modern Urban Tileset (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2017 | RPG Maker MV - Steampunk Tiles MV (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2017 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Pirate Ship Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2017 | RPG Maker VX Ace - Futuristic School Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2018 | RPG Maker MV - Wonderland Forest Tileset (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2018 | RPG Maker MV - Haunted School Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2018 | RPG Maker MV - Wizard Castle Inner Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2018 | RPG Maker MV - Steampunk Town Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2018 | RPG Maker MV - Town of Seasons - Interiors (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2018 | RPG Maker MV - Valentine Tile Pack for MV (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2019 | RPG Maker MV - Winter Tiles (PC) - Distributed by Steam
2020 | RPG Maker MV - Crime City Tiles (PC) - Distributed by DLsite
2020 | Sherman3D: Crime City Tiles for RPG Maker MV (PC) - Distributed by Itch.io
2020 | Sherman3D: Steampunk Arena Tiles for RPG Maker (PC) - Distributed by Itch.io
2020 | Sherman3D: Modern Urban Tiles for RPG Maker (PC) - Distributed by Itch.io
Partner Intellectual Property Titles
2003 | In-game art for SEAL Team 6 (Mobile) - Published by THQ Wireless
2003 | In-game art for Siege (Mobile) - Published by THQ Wireless
2003 | In-game art for Mini Poccha (Mobile) - Published by THQ Wireless
2004 | In-game art for Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events (Mobile) - Published by EA Mobile
2005 | In-game art for Darts Pro! (Mobile) - Published by THQ Wireless
2005 | Game Port Programming for Ministry of Sound: Club Manager (Mobile) - Published by THQ Wireless
2006 | Game Port Programming for Moto GP Manager (Mobile) - Published by THQ Wireless
2006 | Game Port Programming for Full Spectrum Warrior: Mobile (Mobile) - Published by THQ Wireless
2006 | In-game art for D.N.A. (PC) - Published by Merscom
2007 | In-game art for Drawn to Life (DS) - Published by THQ
2007 | In-game art for Aveyond 2 (PC) - Published by Big Fish Games
2008 | In-game art for Lock's Quest (DS) - Published by THQ
2008 | In-game art for Majestic Forest (PC) - Published by IGN Entertainment
2009 | In-game art for Drawn to Life: The Next Chapter (DS) - Published by THQ
2009 | In-game art for Scribblenauts (DS) - Published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
2009 | Chat Code Programming for Tradewars Rising (PC) - Published by Sylien Games
2009 | In-game art for Aveyond 3 (PC) - Published by Big Fish Games
2010 | In-game art for Nickelodeon Diego's Build & Rescue (DS) - Published by 2K Play
2011 | In-game art for Good Luck Charlie: Bug Be Gone (PC) - Published by Disney
2011 | In-game art for Zeke and Luther: Trick Challenge 2 (PC) - Published by Disney
2011 | In-game art for DaGeDar (DS) - Published by GameMill Entertainment
2011 | In-game art for Moshi Monsters Moshling Zoo'' (DS) - Published by Activision
2021 | Lepricat Non-fungible token - Published by OpenSea
References
External links
Official Sherman3D website
Sherman3D's Alpha Kimori game website
Sherman3D's Alpha Kimori Steam Store
Video game development companies
Video game companies of Malaysia
Antonio Rodríguez Salvador (born December 22, 1960), is a poet, fiction writer, dramatist and essayist.
Salvador was born Taguasco, Cuba. He graduated in Economics, but teaches Composition and Style at José Martí University, and Drama at Silverio Blanco Pedagogical College, in Sancti Spiritus. He is regarded as one of the outstanding voices in present Latin American fiction.
He is defined by a great linguistic cleanliness which sums up in the field of prose his poetic gains and a mythical halo when dealing (evaluating, incisively) with reality, his narrative skills bring up interesting variables within the fable tendency, mature while they represent the consolidation of a very personalized "modus operandi" around certain thematic areas taken up by other authors that represent such trend. Absurdity is seen as another detail of "real" life that takes place within the work of art, closely associated with a burlesque-philosophical point of view when assuming that life; it does not appear as a fact of amazement or astonishment or fear (which commonly illustrate the work of other representatives of that tendency) but as a part of that whole which is narrated in equality of conditions.
Works
He has published the following books:
Oficio de caminante (poetry) Editorial Capitán San Luis, Havana, 1991
Quiero que me desanudes (poetry) Editorial Luminaria, Sancti Spiritus, 1992
En un sombrero de mago (poetry) Editorial Luminaria, Sancti Spiritus, 1993
Hágase un solitario (short stories) Fundación de la Ciudad de Santa Clara Award . Editorial Capiro, Santa Clara, 1996 Editorial Capiro, Santa Clara, 1996
Rolandos (novel) International Novel Award "Salvador García Aguilar", Rojales, Alicante, Spain. Olalla Ediciones, Madrid, 1997; Editorial Letras Cubanas, Havana, 1998; Editorial Caminho, Lisbon, 2000.
Sueño a cuatro mano (novel) Editorial Globo , Tenerife, 2002.
Espejo del solitario (poetry) Editorial Luminaria, Sancti Spiritus, 2002.
Pato de bodas (drama for children) Editorial Luminaria, Sancti Spiritus, 2005.
Some of his works have been included in many anthologies published in various countries. The most representative are:
Líneas aéreas. Narradores latinoamericanos. Editorial Lengua de Trapo, Madrid, 1999.
De Cuba te cuento. Narradores cubanos. Editorial Plaza Mayor, Puerto Rico, 2002.
Que caí bajo la noche (poetry). 200 años de décima erótica en Cuba. Editorial Ávila, Ciego de Ávila, 2004.
His chronicles and essays, some of them awarded important prizes, appear periodically in his author column Fe de Erratas of Cubaliteraria, the Portal of Cuban Literature.
Biographical information
He was born on December 22 in Taguasco, Sancti Spiritus province, Cuba. His father, Joaquín Antonio Rodríguez Castro, was also a writer, and his work, which was acknowledged by the critics, was collected in the book Flor de campanillas, published in 1950, and in diverse anthologies, such as 200 años del soneto en Cuba. He studied through his bachelor year in a military school, and obtained his degree in Economics from Universidad Central de Las Villas in 1983. He excelled in sports: he was the college chess national champion in 1979, and obtained the best score for a top board in the first division national championship of correspondence chess in 1985.
From 1987 to 1995 he was the economic director of the most important paper mill in Cuba, and in 1990 he was assigned commercial duties in the Soviet Union. From 1995 to 1997 he was one of the main managers of the national paper industry in Cuba, until his novel Rolandos obtained two literary awards in Spain, and he decided to leave Economics for a full-time writer career. He is a member of the Union of Writers and Artists of Cuba since 1993. From 1999 to 2002 he was the director of Editorial Luminaria. In 2000 he has distinguished with the Personality of the Culture Award, and in 2005 he was acknowledged as Illustrious Member of the Hermanos Saíz Association, an organization of young writers and artists of Cuba. En 1997 he received the city shield of Rojales, Alicante, Spain. He currently resides in Jatibonico, Sancti Spiritus, Cuba.
External links
Author column. Fe de Erratas in Cubaliteraria
Author page. Premio Ciudad de Santa Clara Collection
Author page. Editorial Caminho
Author page. Editorial Globo
See also
Cuban literature
List of Cubans
Notes
Cuban male novelists
Cuban male short story writers
Cuban short story writers
Cuban dramatists and playwrights
Male dramatists and playwrights
1960 births
Cuban male poets
Cuban essayists
Male essayists
Living people
William Robert Hart (1 April 1923 – March 1990) was an English professional footballer who played as a right half.
Career
Born in North Shields, Hart played for Newcastle United, Chesterfield and Bradford City.
For Bradford City he made 25 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1923 births
1990 deaths
English footballers
Newcastle United F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football wing halves
Marcus Gjøe Rosenkrantz (25 January 176211 May 1838) was a Norwegian Government Minister and Member of Parliament.
Biography
Marcus Gjøe Rosenkrantz was born at Vigvoll, Tveit near Kristiansand, Norway. His father, Otto Christian Rosenkrantz (1727–1785), was a Danish career military officer in various Dano-Norwegian regiments who served as commander of Vardøhus Fortress.
He attended the Royal Military mathematical school in Christiania (now Oslo) from 1776 to 1780. In 1781, a became student at the University of Copenhagen where he earned his law degree in 1784. He worked for several years as an assessor for Overhoffretten, the highest court in Norway and later the County Court in Christiania.
In 1786, he bought Lerbaek Hovedgard manor at Frederikshavn with assets inherited from a distant relative, and moved there in 1790.
In 1796 he married Maren Juel, by which he became a sizable landowner. After the death of her husband, Peder Holter (1723–1786), Maren Juel owned and managed a number of properties including Losby in Lørenskog as well as the estates Hafslund and Borregaard in Sarpsborg and the Ljan Estate (Ljansbruket) which included Stubljan in Nordstrand and Hvitebjørn in Oppegård. In time, they became one of the largest sawmill owners and timber exporters in the country.
Rosenkrantz was among those who met at Eidsvold in 1814, to discuss the future of Norway in the aftermath of the Treaty of Kiel. He became first minister of Norway during the period 1814–1815. He was elected as a Member of the Storting representing Smaalenenes Amt (now Østfold) from 1818 to 1820 and from 1824 to 1827. During 1827–29, he represented Fredrikshald.
Honors
Order of the Dannebrog
Serafimerordenen
Nordstjärneorden
References
Related reading
Glenthoj, Rasmus; Morten Nordhagen Ottesen (2014) Experiences of War and Nationality in Denmark and Norway, 1807-1815 ( Palgrave Macmillan)
Schulerud, Mentz (1974) Hafslund gods: Fra Otte Bildt til M. G. Rosenkrantz (Oslo: Aschehoug)
1762 births
1838 deaths
People from Kristiansand
University of Oslo alumni
18th-century Norwegian lawyers
Government ministers of Norway
19th-century Norwegian politicians
Members of the Storting
Order of the Dannebrog
Order of the Polar Star
Gøye family
Rosenkrantz family
Limit () is a 2022 South Korean crime thriller film directed by Lee Seung-Jun, starring Lee Jung-hyun, Moon Jeong-hee, Choi Deok-moon and Park Myung-hoon.
The film revolves around life safety policewoman So-eun, who as an undercover officer plays the mother of a serial kidnapping victim, faces the extreme crisis while solving the worst kidnapping ever case. It was released on August 31, 2022.
Cast
Lee Jung-hyun as So-eun, a police officer from the Life Safety Department, playing role of a mother of serial kidnapping victim
Moon Jeong-hee as Hye-jin, a friendly elementary school health teacher during the day, but a vicious villain
Jin Seo-yeon as Yeon-joo, a strong mother, who is the starting point of a child serial kidnapping case
Choi Deok-moon as Seong-chan, a detective in the homicide squad
Park Myung-hoon as Joon-yong, a maniac with a ruthless personality and a member of a criminal group
Park Kyung-hye as Myeong-seon, vicious villain duo with Joon-yong
Oh Min-suk as Lee Cheol-woo, a diplomat and husband of Yeon-joo
Cha Hee as Seon-mi
Kim Ha-eon as Won-ho
Lee Ji-hyun as Hyo-eun
Jeon Guk-hyang as mother of So-eun
Lim Cheol-hyung as Park Hyuk-jun, University Hospital Specialist
Production
Lee Jung-hyun, Moon Jeong-hee and Jin Seo-yeon were cast in main leads of the film. Oh Min-seok joined the cast in August 2020. In July 2020, Park Myung-hoon confirmed to appear in the film.
Principal photography began on July 10, 2020, and the filming was wrapped up on September 27, 2020.
Production presentation was given on July 14, 2022 at Lotte Cinema Konkuk University in Gwangjin-Gu, Seoul.
Release
The film was scheduled to be released on August 17, but on August 3, the date was advanced to August 31, 2022. It has runtime of 87 minutes.
Reception
Box office
The film was released on August 31 on 684 screens.
, it is at the 28th place among Korean film released in 2022 with gross of US$444,021 and 65,650 admissions.
Critical response
Kim Na-yeon writing in Star News wrote, "Limit is a film for maternal love by and for maternal love." Appreciating performances of the cast Kim wrote, "performances of the actors are flawless." Concluding she stated, "In particular, Limit is a worthwhile movie in that it tried an action thriller with three female actors as the main characters." Ko Jae-wan of Sports Chosun also praised the performances of female cast but criticised the story writing, "the biggest weakness of Limit seems to be the story line." Concluding Ko opined, "Limit is a meaningful work just because it is a female action thriller movie that has been out for a long time after breaking through the corona era." Lee Yoo-chae of Cine21 wrote, "Limit, has clear goal as it concentrates only on the process of mother rescuing her child." Lee opined that in the film villain character was not fully expressed, which reduced "the completeness of the film". Concluding, Lee stated, "The flow is often interrupted by presenting only the situation without considering the context before and after."Cine21
References
External links
2022 films
2022 crime thriller films
2020s Korean-language films
2020s South Korean films
South Korean crime thriller films
Films about child abduction
The Prélude, usually affixed with the subtitle pour orgue, is an organ piece in E major by French composer Olivier Messiaen. The work, which dates from the 1920s, is, along with the Offrande au Saint Sacrement, the earliest surviving organ work of the composer. Scholars differ as to the exact date and purpose as to when and why it was composed.
It is usually known as the Prelude for Organ in English to distinguish it from the Preludes for piano and the posthumously published piece from 1964.
The piece along with the Offrande were discovered by Yvonne Loriod in 1997. The Prélude was published posthumously in 2002 by Éditions Alphonse Leduc.
It currently remains overlooked and is one of the lesser-known organ works of the composer.
History
In 1919, Olivier Messiaen entered the Conservatoire de Paris, which was widely considered the most important musical school in the nation. He studied there until 1930. Based on the handwriting style of the manuscript, its location of Paris, style of composition, which reflects in some aspects the music of his organ teacher Marcel Dupré; and organ compass, scholars deduced that the work was composed in the second half of the 1920s.
Messiaen had written a supposedly complete catalogue of his works in Technique de mon langage musical (1944). It therefore came as a surprise to Yvonne Loriod, who found the Prélude and Offrande au Saint Sacrement in boxes by the composer's personal desk, to have discovered these pieces in 1997. She sent photocopies of these pieces to colleagues Naji Hakim, who succeeded Messiaen as titular organist of the great organ at Sainte-Trinité Church; and Olivier Latry, one of the titular organists of Notre-Dame de Paris.
The piece was revealed publicly for the first time on the CD Inédits and was played by Naji Hakim at the organ of La Sainte-Trinité off a facsimile of the manuscript annotated by Loriod herself.
It was published by Editions Alphonse Leduc (AL 29 914) in 2002 following the Offrande's publication the preceding year. The writer of the preface was Olivier Latry. Latry edited the music and Hakim, the registration.
Dates
In the published short preface to the work, Latry implies that Messiaen wrote it while studying at the Conservatoire de Paris, citing the influences of Dupré, the Diptyque from this time, and importantly, the inclusion of notes that were unavailable within the ranges of most organs available to him at the time (with the notable exception of the Conservatoire and several others). The compass lasted to C6 (61 note manuals) and G4 (32 note pedalboard).
Paul Griffiths suggests that the piece was written contemporaneously with La nativité du Seigneur. The scholar Christopher Brent Murray, on the other hand, believes that the Prélude may have been composed in January 1928 and submitted on the 25th of that month. According to him, Messiaen may have referred to the piece as the examination submission. The lack of the usual Bien, which appears on Messiaen's manuscripts as a marking of approval, also points to the theory that this is a conservatoire assignment. It, however, appears on the Offrande's manuscript.
The work's manuscript of twenty pages (six pages of music) lies in the Bibliothèque nationale de France.
Structure
The piece has a duration of 9 minutes and a total of 89 bars. It is in E major and has an unchanging time signature of .
It opens with a brief three-measure introduction, marked Sans hâte (without haste; 96 BPM) with Messiaen's dictated registration being Flutes at 8' and 4' pitch on the Récit (swellbox closed) and a Flûte harmonique on the Positif. Originally, Messiaen dictated the addition of a pedal part to this, with a pedal coupler enabled for the Positif, but this was removed.
The work proper begins with the marking of Lent (adagio; 58 BPM) lasts from measures 4 to 17. Here, Messiaen calls for:
Récit: voix célestes
Positif: flûte 4', quintaton 16'
Grand-Orgue: fonds 8' sans principal
Pédale: flûte 16' acc. P[ositif]
Hakim revised the registration, changing it to:
Récit: voix céleste, gambe 8'
Positif: flûte 4', quintaton 16'
Grand-Orgue: fonds 8'
Pédale: flûtes 16' et 8' acc. P.[ositif]
Modéré, presque vif (Moderately, almost quick), marked at 152 BPM, is the final section of the piece (which crescendoes to a thunderous staccato climax); which contains the development, the recapitulation, and coda. Here, high Gs appear in the Pedal. They can be omitted if the organ compass is insufficient.
The work closes with a slow and quiet coda which calls for a Flûte 8' on the Récit, Flûte 4' and Quintaton 16' on the Positif, and Flûte 4' on the Pedal (which eventually disappears). It ends extremely quietly with a ppp mark.
The introduction, Lent, and Modéré, presque vif, can be classified as sections, and are divided by fermatas.
Edits
Olivier Latry's edits to the piece are compared with the work's original manuscript here. The former refers to the original manuscript and the latter refers to the published score.
5: Soprano - Last note is A# and not A.
25: Soprano - Third note is D and not D#.
33: Soprano - Eighth note is C♭ (B), not D♭.
41: Alto - Fourth and eighth notes are D♭, not D.
72: The final chord must replicate the first chord.
73: Soprano - Last note is A#.
78: Tenor - Last two quavers are G and F. Legato.
79: Soprano and Tenor - Last quavers are A and G. Legato.
In addition, Latry says that although tempi were indicated by the composer himself, the performer should feel free to adapt their tempo preferences according to the venue as they can be regarded as too fast in some cases.
Recordings
Since this piece was not initially intended for publication and was probably discarded as juvenilia, it has not been performed very often and remains one of the lesser known works by Messiaen. Here is a list of notable recordings of the piece:
References
Compositions for organ
Compositions by Olivier Messiaen
Oscar van den Boogaard (born 1964) is a Dutch writer. Born in Harderwijk, Netherlands, he grew up in Suriname and the Netherlands. He studied law and literature in Montpellier, Amsterdam and Brussels. His debut novel Dentz appeared in 1990. Other books include De heerlijkheid van Julia (Julia's Glory, 1997), which won the Dutch Libris-Literatuurprijs and the Belgian De gouden Uil. The novel "Liefdesdood" (Love's Death, 2001) also received the De gouden Uil prize. It has been translated into English by Ina Rilke.
Boogaard is also the founder of the Mot & van den Boogaard gallery for contemporary art in Brussels. In early 2018, van den Boogaard claimed to be an illegitimate son of Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands, which would make him a half-brother of former Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands.
References
1964 births
Living people
Dutch male writers
People from Harderwijk
The 1948–49 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 38th since its establishment.
League table
References
1948–49 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Clayton Vance Heafner Jr. (August 11, 1954 – September 26, 2012) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour, the Nationwide Tour and the Champions Tour.
Early life
Heafner was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. He was the son of professional golfer Clayton Heafner and Mary Ellen Allen.
The family moved to Cary, North Carolina where he attended Cary Elementary School and Cary High School.
He attended North Carolina State University and was a three-time All-American member of the golf team. Heafner played on the 1977 Walker Cup team, winning all three of his matches to help lead the U.S. to victory, and turned professional in 1978.
Career
Heafner played in 266 events on the PGA Tour from 1978–1988, making the cut 157 times. He had 20 top-10 finishes including a win at the 1981 Walt Disney World National Team Championship with playing partner Mike Holland.
Heafner played some on the Nationwide Tour toward the end of his regular career years. His best finish in that venue is a T-14 at the 1994 NIKE Carolina Classic. After reaching the age of 50 in August 2004, he began to play on the Champions Tour in selected events. His best finish was a T-34 at the 2006 SAS Championship.
Heafner resided in North Carolina; he was Director of Golf at the Prestonwood Country Club in Cary, and most recently a teaching pro at Wildwood Golf Club in Raleigh.
Amateur wins
1976 Eastern Amateur
1977 Azalea Invitational, Porter Cup, North Carolina Amater
1978 Eastern Amateur
Professional wins (2)
PGA Tour wins (1)
Other wins (1)
this list may be incomplete
1974 Carolinas Open (as an amateur)
Results in major championships
Note: Heafner never played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" indicates a tie for a place
U.S. national team appearances
Walker Cup: 1977 (winners)
See also
Spring 1980 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1986 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
NC State Wolfpack men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Golfers from Charlotte, North Carolina
People from Cary, North Carolina
1954 births
2012 deaths
Manuel David Mendes (born 6 May 1962 in Cazenga, Luanda Province, Portuguese Angola) is an Angolan lawyer, human rights activist and politician. He is one of the best-known persons of the Angolan civil society, and is also known as "advocate of the poor" because of his opposition to government corruption. Among other things, Mendes directs the Angolan human rights NGO Mãos Livres (Free Hands) and due to this is sued by the Angolan government in various corruption cases.
For his work and contribution to the Angolan civil society he received the Martin Luther King Award from the US Embassy in Luanda.
Mendes is married and has seven children.
References
External links
Officiel websitet of NGO Mãos Livres
Angolan sect deaths: “It was a real massacre by the police”
20th-century jurists
21st-century jurists
Angolan human rights activists
1962 births
Living people
Angolan lawyers
Angolan politicians
The 1927–28 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 20th since its establishment.
Overview
Chinese Athletic Association won the title.
References
RSSSF
1927–28 domestic association football leagues
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
1927 in Hong Kong
1928 in Hong Kong
Malo Ubeljsko (; , ) is a small village below the eastern slopes of the Nanos Plateau in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name
Together with neighboring Veliko Ubeljsko (literally, 'big Ubeljsko'), Malo Ubeljsko (literally, 'little Ubeljsko') was mentioned in written sources circa 1200 as ze Vlbelzch (and as Vbelczk in 1402, Vlbliczk and Vbelicz in 1485, and Vbelskh in 1498). The name may be derived from the common noun *ǫbъlъ '(deep) spring'; there are several major springs in the area.
References
External links
Malo Ubeljsko on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Traian Vuia (until 1950 Bujor; ) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Jupani, Săceni, Sudriaș (commune seat), Surducu Mic, Susani and Traian Vuia.
It was the birthplace of inventor and aviator Traian Vuia (1872–1950). It was renamed to commemorate him after his death.
Name
History
The first recorded mention of Bujor dates from 1364. The locality had a high importance in the Middle Ages, being the center of a Vlach district. In 1453 this district had a knyaz, Dionysius, and was donated by King Ladislaus V to John Hunyadi. In 1596 the Bujor District was part of Hunyad County. Within its borders there was at that time the village of Baia, and a little further the village of Chitești, both disappeared.
In the past, the hearth of the village was in the Gladna Valley, on the place called "Little Village" (). Due to the frequent floods, in 1823 the village was moved to its present place, protected from floods.
Demographics
Traian Vuia had a population of 2,059 inhabitants at the 2011 census, down 8% from the 2002 census. Most inhabitants are Romanians (88.68%), larger minorities being represented by Roma (5.54%) and Ukrainians (1.94%). For 2.91% of the population, ethnicity is unknown. By religion, most inhabitants are Orthodox (72.8%), but there are also minorities of Pentecostals (17.05%), Baptists (5.25%) and Roman Catholics (1.26%). For 2.91% of the population, religious affiliation is unknown.
Gallery
References
Communes in Timiș County
Localities in Romanian Banat
RNA polymerase 1 (also known as Pol I) is, in higher eukaryotes, the polymerase that only transcribes ribosomal RNA (but not 5S rRNA, which is synthesized by RNA polymerase III), a type of RNA that accounts for over 50% of the total RNA synthesized in a cell.
Structure and function
Pol I is a 590 kDa enzyme that consists of 14 protein subunits (polypeptides), and its crystal structure in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae was solved at 2.8Å resolution in 2013. Twelve of its subunits have identical or related counterparts in RNA polymerase II (Pol II) and RNA polymerase III (Pol III). The other two subunits are related to Pol II initiation factors and have structural homologues in Pol III.
Ribosomal DNA transcription is confined to the nucleolus, where about 400 copies of the 42.9-kb rDNA gene are present, arranged as tandem repeats in nucleolus organizer regions. Each copy contains a ~13.3 kb sequence encoding the 18S, the 5.8S, and the 28S RNA molecules, interlaced with two internal transcribed spacers, ITS1 and ITS2, and flanked upstream by a 5' external transcribed spacer and a downstream 3' external transcribed spacer. These components are transcribed together to form the 45S pre-rRNA. The 45S pre-rRNA is then post-transcriptionally cleaved by C/D box and H/ACA box snoRNAs, removing the two spacers and resulting in the three rRNAs by a complex series of steps. The 5S ribosomal RNA is transcribed by Pol III. Because of the simplicity of Pol I transcription, it is the fastest-acting polymerase and contributes up to 60% of cellular transcription levels in exponentially growing cells.
In Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the 5S rDNA has the unusual feature of lying inside the rDNA repeat. It is flanked by non-transcribed spacers NTS1 and NTS2, and is transcribed backwards by Pol III, separately from the rest of the rDNA.
Regulation of rRNA transcription
The rate of cell growth is directly dependent on the rate of protein synthesis, which is itself intricately linked to ribosome synthesis and rRNA transcription. Thus, intracellular signals must coordinate the synthesis of rRNA with that of other components of protein translation. Myc is known to bind to human ribosomal DNA in order to stimulate rRNA transcription by RNA polymerase I. Two specific mechanisms have been identified, ensuring proper control of rRNA synthesis and Pol I-mediated transcription.
Given the large numbers of rDNA genes (several hundreds) available for transcription, the first mechanism involves adjustments in the number of genes being transcribed at a specific time. In mammalian cells, the number of active rDNA genes varies between cell types and level of differentiation. In general, as a cell becomes more differentiated, it requires less growth and, therefore, will have a decrease in rRNA synthesis and a decrease in rDNA genes being transcribed. When rRNA synthesis is stimulated, SL1 (selectivity factor 1) will bind to the promoters of rDNA genes that were previously silent, and recruit a pre-initiation complex to which Pol I will bind and start transcription of rRNA.
Changes in rRNA transcription can also occur via changes in the rate of transcription. While the exact mechanism through which Pol I increases its rate of transcription is as yet unknown, evidence has shown that rRNA synthesis can increase or decrease without changes in the number of actively transcribed rDNA.
Transcription cycle
In the process of transcription (by any polymerase), there are three main stages:
Initiation: the construction of the RNA polymerase complex on the gene's promoter with the help of transcription factors
Elongation: the actual transcription of the majority of the gene into a corresponding RNA sequence
Termination: the cessation of RNA transcription and the disassembly of the RNA polymerase complex.
Initiation
Pol I requires no TATA box in the promoter, instead relying on an upstream control element (UCE) located between −200 and −107, and a core element located between −45 and +20.
The dimeric eukaryotic upstream binding factor (UBF) binds the UCE and the core element.
UBF recruits and binds a protein complex called SL1 in humans (or TIF-IB in mouse), composed of the TATA-binding protein (TBP) and three TBP-associated factors (TAFs).
The UBF dimer contains several high-mobility-group boxes (HMG-boxes) that introduce loops into the upstream region, allowing the UCE and the core elements to come into contact.
RRN3/TIF-IA is phosphorylated and binds Pol I.
Pol I binds to the UBF/SL1 complex via RRN3/TIF-IA, and transcription starts.
Note that this process is variable in different organisms.
Elongation
As Pol I escapes and clears the promoter, UBF and SL1 remain-promoter bound, ready to recruit another Pol I. Indeed, each active rDNA gene can be transcribed multiple times simultaneously, as opposed to Pol II-transcribed genes, which associate with only one complex at a time. While elongation proceeds unimpeded in vitro, it is unclear at this point whether this process happens in a cell, given the presence of nucleosomes. Pol I does seem to transcribe through nucleosomes, either bypassing or disrupting them, perhaps assisted by chromatin-remodeling activities. In addition, UBF might also act as positive feedback, enhancing Pol I elongation through an anti-repressor function. An additional factor, TIF-IC, can also stimulate the overall rate of transcription and suppress pausing of Pol I. As Pol I proceeds along the rDNA, supercoils form both ahead of and behind the complex. These are unwound by topoisomerase I or II at regular intervals, similar to what is seen in Pol II-mediated transcription.
Elongation is likely to be interrupted at sites of DNA damage. Transcription-coupled repair occurs similarly to Pol II-transcribed genes and requires the presence of several DNA repair proteins, such as TFIIH, CSB, and XPG.
Termination
In higher eukaryotes, TTF-I binds and bends the termination site at the 3' end of the transcribed region. This will force Pol I to pause. TTF-I, with the help of transcript-release factor PTRF and a T-rich region, will induce Pol I into terminating transcription and dissociating from the DNA and the new transcript. Evidence suggests that termination might be rate-limiting in cases of high rRNA production. TTF-I and PTRF will then indirectly stimulate the reinitiation of transcription by Pol I at the same rDNA gene.
In organisms such as budding yeast the process seems to be much more complicated and is still not completely elucidated.
Recombination hotspot
Recombination hotspots are DNA sequences that increase local recombination. The HOT1 sequence in yeast is one of the most well studied mitotic recombination hotspots. The HOT1 sequence includes an RNA polymerase I transcription promoter. In a yeast mutant strain defective in RNA polymerase I the HOT1 activity in promoting recombination is abolished. The level of RNA polymerase I transcription activity that is dependent on the promoter in the HOT1 sequence appears to determine the level of nearby mitotic recombination.
See also
RNA polymerase
RNA polymerase II
RNA polymerase III
Selective factor 1
References
EC 2.7.7
Gene expression
Proteins
Vincenzo Grifo (; born 7 April 1993) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger or midfielder for Bundesliga club SC Freiburg and the Italy national team. Born in Germany to Italian parents, Grifo has represented Italy at the senior level since 2018.
Club career
Early career
Grifo began his footballing career with local youth sides 1. CfR Pforzheim and Germania Brötzingen, before joining 2. Bundesliga side Karlsruher SC in 2011.
1899 Hoffenheim
In July 2012, he joined Hoffenheim on a free transfer, signing a two-year contract with the club. After initially playing for the reserve side in the Regionalliga Südwest, he was soon promoted to the Hoffenheim senior squad, and made his debut with the club in the Bundesliga on 19 October 2012, in a 3–2 home win over Greuther Fürth, coming on as a substitute for Takashi Usami. His performances earned him a two-year contract extension, and saw him make a total of 12 substitute appearances throughout the 2012–13 season, as well as 13 appearances and 5 goals in the Regionalliga. In the summer of 2013, he was officially promoted to the first squad, and was given the number 32 shirt. He spent the next seasons on loan with Dynamo Dresden and FSV Frankfurt; with Frankfurt, he registered 7 goals and 10 assists in 35 appearances throughout the 2014–15 season.
SC Freiburg
His performances led SC Freiburg to purchase him for €1.5 million in July 2015; Grifo played a key role in helping the club to win the 2. Bundesliga title and obtain promotion to the Bundesliga, registering 14 goals and 15 assists in 31 league appearances throughout the 2015–16 season.
In the opening six matches of the 2016–17 season, Grifo registered one goal and four assists in the Bundesliga, as well as three goals in two appearances in the DFB-Pokal. He finished the season with 6 goals and 12 assists in 30 league matches.
In his time at Freiburg he scored 20 goals and made 26 assists in 61 league appearances.
Borussia Mönchengladbach
On 28 May 2017, Bundesliga rivals Borussia Mönchengladbach announced the signing of Grifo on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee, thought to be around €6 million. The transfer went through on 1 July.
Return to 1899 Hoffenheim
On 11 June 2018, Hoffenheim signed Grifo on a four-year deal.
On 6 January 2019, Grifo returned to Freiburg on a loan deal until the end of 2018–19 season.
Return to SC Freiburg
On 2 September 2019, Grifo returned to Freiburg permanently once again, having spent the second half of the 2018–19 season on loan at the club.
International career
On 6 September 2013, Grifo earned his first cap for the Italian under-20 team under manager Alberigo Evani, scoring a goal in a 3–3 draw against Switzerland in Lugano. On 14 October 2013, Grifo earned his first call-up to the Italy under-21 side from manager Luigi Di Biagio for Italy's Euro 2015 qualifying match against Belgium.
On 20 November 2018, Grifo made his senior debut for Italy, managed by Roberto Mancini, as a second half substitute during a 1–0 friendly win against the United States in Genk.
On 15 October 2019, Grifo made his first start for Italy in a 5–0 away win against Liechtenstein during a UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying match.
On 11 November 2020, Grifo scored his first goals for Italy, the first in the first half, and the second in the second half via a penalty shot, in a 4–0 home win against Estonia during a friendly.
Style of play
An intelligent and creative midfielder, with good offensive capabilities and an eye for goal, Grifo usually plays as a winger on the left flank, despite being naturally right-footed, a position which allows him to cut into the middle and shoot on goal, due to his finishing ability as well as his striking accuracy from distance; a versatile playmaker, he is also capable of playing as an attacking midfielder, as well as in several other attacking positions, and has frequently been deployed as an outside forward. Considered to be a talented and promising young player, he is mainly known for his technique, flair, and dribbling skills, while his vision, range of passing, set-piece delivery, and crossing accuracy make him an excellent assist provider. A dead-ball specialist, he is also an accurate free kick and penalty kick taker.
Personal life
Grifo was born in Pforzheim, Germany, to Italian parents; his mother is from Apulia, while his father is from Naro, in the province of Agrigento, Sicily.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Italy's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Grifo goal.
Honours
SC Freiburg
2. Bundesliga: 2015–16
DFB-Pokal: runner-Up 2021–22
Individual
2. Bundesliga top assist provider: 2015–16 (11 assists)
References
External links
Profile at FIGC.it
Living people
1993 births
German footballers
Italian footballers
Citizens of Italy through descent
German people of Italian descent
German people of Sicilian descent
Association football midfielders
Italy international footballers
Italy youth international footballers
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim players
Dynamo Dresden players
FSV Frankfurt players
SC Freiburg players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Sportspeople from Pforzheim
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
USS General Omar Bundy (AP-152) was a for the U.S. Navy in World War II.
She was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT General Omar Bundy in 1946, named in honor of U.S. Army major general Omar Bundy.
She was later sold for commercial operation under several names, including SS Poet, before being declared missing in 1980 and presumed sunk.
Operational history
General Omar Bundy (AP-152) was launched 5 August 1944 under a Maritime Commission contract (MC #704) by the Kaiser Co., Richmond, California; sponsored by Mrs. Lawrence Wainwright of Richmond; acquired and simultaneously commissioned 6 January 1945.
Many years later, in 1980, after being converted to a bulk carrier and renamed the SS Poet, the ship disappeared off the coast of Delaware with all hands and sparked a discussion of maritime safety inspections and the wisdom of keeping very old American ships at sea.
General Omar Bundy stood out of San Francisco Bay 10 March 1945 with 2,700 sailors and marines bound for the Southwest Pacific, and after delivering them to Pearl Harbor, Ulithi, and Guam, returned to San Diego 11 May with over 1,700 homeward-bound troops after debarking 200 Japanese POW's at Pearl Harbor on 3 May. Six days later she sailed for the Atlantic via the Panama Canal and put in at Norfolk, 31 May. Underway again on 9 June, she touched Marseille to embark 2,800 troops for redeployment to the Pacific theater and brought them safely to Manila on 6 August 1945 via Panama. She brought nearly 500 officers and men from Manila to Tacloban, Leyte, Philippine Islands, and after embarking 1,500 veterans there, sailed via Ulithi and Guam to off-load her passengers at Seattle, Washington, on 4 September. Continuing her Magic Carpet duties, General Omar Bundy transported 3,000 replacement troops from Seattle to Okinawa in late September and October, returning to Portland, Oregon, on 2 November 1945 with nearly 3,000 victorious soldiers. The ship returned to the Philippines in November to embark 3,300 returning veterans, and brought them home to San Francisco on 19 December 1945.
In 1946 General Omar Bundy continued her "Magic-Carpet" and troop rotation duties, homeported at San Francisco and calling at Japan and Manila in February and at the Philippines again in April, returning to San Francisco after this last round-trip voyage and sailed from that port 17 May 1946 bound for New York via the Panama Canal. She was decommissioned 14 June 1946 and was delivered to the Maritime Commission the next day. General Omar Bundy was struck from the Navy list on 8 October 1946.
The transport was transferred to the War Department on 30 August 1946, and carried troops for the Army until returned to the Maritime Commission 12 December 1949.
On 11 June 1949 USAT General Omar Bundy left Naples with 842 displaced persons from Europe and arrived in Sydney on 8 July 1949. This voyage was one of almost 150 voyages by some 40 ships bringing refugees of World War II to Australia. General Omar Bundy made one more such trip herself, arriving in Sydney, again, with 842 refugees on 8 July 1949.
The ship was returned to the Maritime Commission on 12 December 1949. General Omar Bundy entered the National Defense Reserve Fleet and was berthed in the James River until delivered to the Bethlehem Steel Corp. 10 April 1964. Converted to a general cargo ship, she operated under the name Portmar, USCG ON 294731, IMO 5127956, for Bethlehem's subsidiary Calmar Line. She was sold to Ashley Steamship Co., Inc. on 10 August 1976 and renamed SS Port. Port was sold to Hawaiian Eugenia Corp. on 11 May 1979 and renamed SS Poet.
On 24 October 1980, Poet left Philadelphia for Port Said, Egypt, with a crew of 34. It was supposed to arrive 9 November, but never did so. Poet was presumed sunk. A series of articles in The Philadelphia Inquirer by maritime writer Robert R. Frump stated that SS Poet and other World War II vessels, were kept in service long past their useful lifetimes by U.S. government programs such as the PL 480 Food for Peace, which required that American-built vessels carry surplus American grain to poor nations abroad. The articles about the Poet and later, the sinking of the , helped bring about stricter enforcement of maritime laws. The system that kept the old ships at sea was described in Frump's book, Until the Sea Shall Free Them.
References
Sources
External links
Shipspotting Portmar
Coastguard Marine Casualty Report
Omar Bundy
Transport ships of the United States Army
Ships built in Richmond, California
1944 ships
Missing ships
Maritime incidents in 1982
James River Reserve Fleet
Peter van Dongen (born 21 October 1966 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch cartoonist. He is the winner of the 2018 Stripschapprijs.
References
Living people
Dutch cartoonists
Winners of the Stripschapsprijs
People from Amsterdam
1966 births
Elman Kreisler Guttormson (March 24, 1929 in Lundar, Manitoba – October 10, 2000) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1956 to 1969.
The son of John Guttormson and Sigridur Johnson, Guttormson was educated at Lundar and United College. He worked for the Winnipeg Free Press newspaper as a reporter, covering fields as diverse as crime and horse racing. He won a national newspaper award in 1962, while serving as a member of the legislature. In 1952, he married Hildur Thorsteinson.
He was first elected to the legislature in a by-election on December 30, 1956 in the mid-northern constituency of St. George, defeating his Progressive Conservative and CCF opponents by a comfortable margin. He served as a backbench supporter of Douglas Campbell's government for the next year and a half.
The Liberals were defeated provincially in the 1958 election, although Guttormson won his own seat by a wider margin than before. He was also re-elected without difficulty in the elections of 1959, 1962 and 1966. Guttormson also served as party whip.
The Liberals lost much of their support base in the 1969 election, and Guttormson lost his seat to Bill Uruski of the New Democratic Party by 398 votes. He sought a political comeback in the 1973 election, but lost to Uruski by an increased margin.
Guttormson supported the federal and provincial Liberal parties for his entire adult life. One of his daughters married Bob Axworthy, a relative of Lloyd Axworthy.
Guttormson, later in his career, became a newspaper editor, retiring in 1993. He died in Winnipeg at the age of 71 following a long illness.
References
1929 births
2000 deaths
Manitoba Liberal Party MLAs
Canadian people of Icelandic descent
"Notion" is a song by Australian alternative rock artist Tash Sultana, released on 17 June 2016 as the second single from Sultana's extended play Notion (2016). The song was certified platinum in Australia in 2018.
Track listing
Digital download
"Notion" – 5:41
Digital download
"Notion" (radio edit) – 4:08
Certifications
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Tash Sultana songs
Saamri is a Bollywood horror film released in 1985. It was produced and directed by Shyam and Tulsi Ramsay, with a story by J. K. Ahuja, dialogue by Mahendra Dehlvi and Safi Ur-Rahman, and a screenplay by Kumar Ramsay.
Plot
Dharmesh Saxena, referred to as "Saamri", is a wealthy elderly man who is involved in dark magic. Aware that his health is fading fast, he arranges for his expansive estate to be left to his niece, Anju Trivedi. Dharmesh's stepbrother Takleefchand, however, has other plans, and he and a motley group of co-conspirators kill Dharmesh and inform authorities that it was a suicide. The next phase of their plan is to kill Anju, but before they can, they begin dying gruesomely. Saamri has risen from the grave to take his revenge.
Cast
Anirudh Agarwal - Dharmesh Saxena "Saamri"
Rajan Sippy - Sandeep
Aarti Gupta - Anju Trivedi
Puneet Issar - Police Inspector Baldev
Asha Sachdev - Maria
Gulshan Grover - Khanna
Jagdeep - Changez Khan
Prem Chopra - Mama Taklifchand
Jack Gaud - Bhishan
Amarnath Mukherjee - Professor
Soundtrack
The film had 5 songs which was composed by Bappi Lahiri and written by Farooq Qaiser & Kafeel Azar.
"Bacha Le" - Bappi Lahiri, Johnny Whisky, Anand Raaj
"Paani Mein Aag lagi" - Amit Kumar, S. Janaki
"Ladki Kaise" - Kishore Kumar
"Saamri Saamri" - Anup Jalota
3D Saamri (Title Track) - Bappi Lahiri
References
External links
1985 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian horror films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
1985 horror films
Hindi-language horror films
Films directed by Shyam Ramsay
Films directed by Tulsi Ramsay
The Joab Mershon House is a historic house located at 507 West 5th Street in Vermont, Illinois. Joab Mershon, a local pork packer and banker, had the house built for his family in 1859. The house has an Italianate design with Greek Revival elements; at the time of its construction, the former style was emerging in popularity while the latter was declining, and the house represents a transitional work between the two styles. The Italianate influence is seen most prominently in the hip roof, which features a bracketed cornice and a cupola with matching brackets. Key Greek Revival elements include the dentillation on the entrance and cupola and the ornamental cast iron lintels. The house's interior has a four-over-four plan, which features four rooms on each floor and a central hallway.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1996.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Greek Revival architecture in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1859
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
Vermont, Illinois
1859 establishments in Illinois
Maharashtra Major State Highway 3, commonly referred to as MH MSH 3, is a major state highway that runs through Solapur, Osmanabad, Latur, Nanded, Yavatmal, Wardha and Nagpur districts in the state of Maharashtra and Major State Highway 11 (Maharashtra). This state highway touches numerous cities and villages VIZ. Solapur, Tuljapur, Ausa, Latur, Chakur, Ahmedpur, Nanded, Umarkhed, Mahagaon, Arni, Yavatmal, Wardha - Butibori - Via NH 7 Uptill Nagpur.
Summary
This Highway is the longest State Highway in Maharashtra State.
This highway is already declared National Highway as NH 204 by Government of India. NH 204 is starting from Ratnagiri in Ratnagiri district passing through Kholapur, Sangli, Solapur and passing along with MH MSH 3 up to Butibori 28 km south of Nagpur city
Route description
Below is the brief summary of the route followed by this state highway.
Major junctions
National highways
NH 9 near Solapur city.
NH 211 near Solapur city.
NH 222 in Nanded city.
NH 7 at Butibori near Nagpur city.
State highways
Connections
Many villages, cities and towns in various districts are connected by this state highway.
See also
List of State Highways in Maharashtra
References
State Highways in Maharashtra
State Highways in Nagpur District
Tuberculina is a genus of fungi in the family Helicobasidiaceae.
Species
Tuberculina africana
Tuberculina akatii
Tuberculina ampelophila
Tuberculina andina
Tuberculina apiculata
Tuberculina arechavaletae
Tuberculina argillacea
Tuberculina costaricana
Tuberculina davisiana
Tuberculina dorsteniae
Tuberculina flavogranulata
Tuberculina fusicina
Tuberculina guaranitica
Tuberculina hyalospora
Tuberculina jaffueli
Tuberculina japonica
Tuberculina jonesii
Tuberculina malvacearum
Tuberculina maxima
Tuberculina ovalispora
Tuberculina pallida
Tuberculina pamparum
Tuberculina paraguayensis
Tuberculina pelargonii
Tuberculina persicina
Tuberculina phacidioides
Tuberculina phyllachoricola
Tuberculina pirottae
Tuberculina portulacarum
Tuberculina praeandina
Tuberculina prosopidicola
Tuberculina ricini
Tuberculina rosae
Tuberculina sbrozzii
Tuberculina solanicola
Tuberculina solanina
Tuberculina talini
Tuberculina tweediana
Tuberculina umbrina
Tuberculina vinosa
Tuberculina viridis
External links
Basidiomycota genera
Helicobasidiales
Williams Fork is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
"Dancing Queen" is a Korean song by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released on December 21, 2012, as the lead single from their fourth Korean studio album, I Got a Boy (2013). Recorded in 2008, the song was initially scheduled to be released as the title track for the group's second studio album. Nevertheless, the plan was withdrawn, and "Gee" and the titular EP was released instead as their first extended play.
"Dancing Queen" is a remake of the 2008 single "Mercy" by Duffy. It is the first Korean material released by the group after a fourteen-month hiatus from the South Korean music scene to focus on the Japanese music market with their 2012 album Girls & Peace. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who favored its "funky pop" production as opposed to the group's signature electropop styles. Commercially, the single peaked atop the Gaon Digital Chart and at number two on the Korea K-Pop Hot 100, and has sold over 500,000 digital units.
Live performances
Girls' Generation performed "Dancing Queen" and "I Got a Boy" live on M! Countdown on January 3, 2013." The group also performed it on their MBC comeback special, Girls' Generation's Romantic Fantasy.
Commercial reception
"Dancing Queen" sold 139,344 copies after its first day of sales and went on to reach number eleven on the Gaon Singles Chart in its first week. It also debuted at number two on K-Pop Hot 100. It has sold over 1,010,545 copies.
Music video
Background
The music video was released on December 21, 2012, at 10 a.m. KST via Korean music site Naver. Most of the video was originally filmed in 2008, while being bookended with scenes from the music video for "I Got A Boy". The outfits and the concept featured in the music video were instead reworked into what would become "Gee".
A screenshot of the music video was leaked in 2011 along with the audio of the Korean version of "Boomerang," which was later officially released in Japanese on their second Japanese album Girls & Peace (2012).
Synopsis
The music video, with a running time of 4 minutes, 23 seconds, has a time machine plot. The video begins with the members in a pink doll-like room. Yoona opens up a present to find a small device. The group quickly gathers around and finds out it is a time machine which brings them back to the year 2008 from 2013. The room transforms into a retro-style diner. Tiffany turns on a jukebox with Jessica while they sing the intro. The first verse mainly focuses on the diner. While in the diner, the video transitions from each member's line in a pan-order around the diner. The second verse is focused on the white set, wearing white shirts and jeans (which would be reused in "Gee"). During the bridge, the members throw a party while dancing in groups of three while Tiffany approaches a DJ telling him to play a song. The video cuts back to the center of the diner where the group is dancing with customers and diner staff. Confetti is thrown during the final chorus while the party continues with a final pose in the T-shirt and jean costumes. At the end of the song, the time machine moves forward to 2013 as the words "Ayo GG" spoken by Sooyoung are heard, leading into the teaser for "I Got a Boy". The first part of the teaser is met with audio using mid rock-synths and breaks down into dubstep as Tiffany says, "Ayo stop, let me put it down another way". At the end of the video, the "I Got a Boy" symbol was used with "2013.01.01 comeback" seen below it.
Credits
Credits are adapted from I Got a Boy liner notes.
Girls' Generation – vocals
Taeyeon – Main vocals, Background vocals
Jessica – Main vocals, Background vocals
Sunny – Lead vocals, Background vocals
Tiffany – Lead vocals, Background vocals
Hyoyeon – Vocals
Yuri – Vocals
Sooyoung – Vocals
Yoona – Vocals
Seohyun – Lead vocals, Background vocals
Kim Jungbae – guitar
Yoong – strings
Shim Sangwon – string arrangement, conduction
Choi Wonhyuk – bass guitar
Kenzie – organ, producer
Yoon Hyosang – songwriter
Jessica Jung – songwriter
Tiffany Hwang – songwriter
Stephen Andrew Booker – songwriter
Aimee Ann Duffy – songwriter
Nam Goongjin – recording, mixing
Charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Girls' Generation songs
Soul songs
Korean-language songs
2012 singles
SM Entertainment singles
Songs written by Steve Booker (producer)
Songs written by Kenzie (songwriter)
Gaon Digital Chart number-one singles
Santarcangelo Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Santarcangelo di Romagna, Emilia-Romagna.
The club didn't sign up for the Eccellenza in 2019 and so dissolved.
History
The club was founded as A.S.D. Santarcangelo as a sports association in 1926. It is the most supported club within the Santarcangelo di Romagna area.
SquadraMia takeover and Lega Pro promotions
After a thorough analysis by the founders of SquadraMia (a non-profit web-venture that aimed to purchase and manage an Italian football team whereby the venture's members vote on matters normally reserved for traditional club management, akin to Ebbsfleet United F.C. in England), between various clubs who were part of a final evaluation stage. On 23 July 2009, ASD Santarcangelo was chosen as the ideal team for their project with 96.4% of total preferences. The association subsequently acquired 10% of the club shares.
In the season 2010–11, Santarcangelo won the Group F of Serie D and was promoted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione for the first time. After the 2011–12 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season, the club terminated its agreement with SquadraMia.
Following a fifth place in the 2013–14 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, Santarcangelo was admitted to the inaugural season of the unified third tier of Italian football, the 2014–15 Lega Pro.
Colors and symbol
The society uses yellow and blue, that appear also in the shield; as team's symbol they have the Romagna's cock.
Ground
The stadium where the team plays home matches, is dedicated to the memory of Valentino Mazzola. Taking into account all sectors, the ground has a capacity of 3000 seats and field dimensions of 65m x 105m.
Players
Former players
References
External links
Football clubs in Italy
Serie C clubs
Association football clubs established in 1926
Football clubs in Emilia-Romagna
1926 establishments in Italy
Winston Arthur Foster (born 1 November 1941) is an English former professional footballer. He played more than 150 games in the top two divisions of the Football League for Birmingham City.
Born in South Yardley, Birmingham, Foster joined Birmingham City as a junior, making his first-team debut at the age of 19 as a full back. For the next three seasons he played occasionally for the first team either at full back or as Trevor Smith's deputy at centre-half, most notably in the first leg of the 1961 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup Final against A.S. Roma. When Smith sustained the injury that resulted in him leaving the club, Foster took over at centre half and kept his place for another couple of seasons. He was used less frequently in his last two years at the club, and spent three months on loan at Crewe Alexandra before making a permanent move to Plymouth Argyle where he ended his Football League career. He went on to play for Chelmsford City and Bromsgrove Rovers, and spent one season as Bromsgrove's assistant manager.
Honours
Birmingham City
Inter-Cities Fairs Cup runners-up: 1960–61
Notes
References
General
Specific
1941 births
Living people
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
English footballers
Association football defenders
Birmingham City F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
Chelmsford City F.C. players
Bromsgrove Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
Acrapex roseotincta is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by George Hampson in 1910. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The wingspan is about 22 mm.
Description
Head and thorax ochreous tinged with brown; abdomen ochreous white. Forewing pale ochreous yellow faintly tinged with rufous and the veins slightly streaked with rufous; a slight blackish streak below the basal half of the cell; some black scales at the lower angle of the cell; an oblique postmedial series of black points on veins 6 to 1; an oblique diffused rufous fascia from termen below apex to vein 3; a slight brown terminal line; cilia yellowish white with a faint brownish line through them. Hindwing white faintly tinged with ochreous; the underside white with the costal area tinged with ochreous.
References
Xyleninae
Moths of Sri Lanka
Caecilia is a genus of amphibians in the family Caeciliidae.
Species
References
Amphibian genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Sven-Axel Carlsson (1932–1971) was a Swedish film actor. He began his screen career as a child actor in the 1940s. Many of his final film performances came in the Åsa-Nisse series.
Selected filmography
Bill Bergson, Master Detective (1947)
The Key and the Ring (1947)
This Can't Happen Here (1950)
The Motor Cavaliers (1950)
Fiancée for Hire (1950)
Skipper in Stormy Weather (1951)
She Came Like the Wind (1952)
Say It with Flowers (1952)
U-Boat 39 (1952)
Speed Fever (1953)
The Glass Mountain (1953)
En karl i köket (1954)
Dance in the Smoke (1954)
The Vicious Breed (1954)
Paradise (1955)
Voyage in the Night (1955)
Suss gott (1956)
The Stranger from the Sky (1956)
Night Light (1957)
The Jazz Boy (1958)
Crime in Paradise (1959)
Heaven and Pancake (1959)
Åsa-Nisse slår till (1965)
Åsa-Nisse i raketform (1966)
Åsa-Nisse i agentform (1967)
Åsa-Nisse och den stora kalabaliken (1968)
Åsa-Nisse i rekordform (1969)
References
Bibliography
Vermilye, Jerry. Ingmar Bergman: His Life and Films. McFarland, 2015.
External links
1932 births
1971 deaths
Swedish male film actors
Male actors from Stockholm
The Cincinnati Bearcats football team represents the University of Cincinnati in the East Division of the American Athletic Conference (AAC), competing as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). The program has had 39 head coaches and three interim coaches during its existence, as well as one stint with no coach and two periods with the program on hiatus. The Bearcats have been participating in college football since the 1885 season and were one of the first schools currently in the FBS to sponsor a football program. Luke Fickell is the current head coach; he replaced Tommy Tuberville following the latter's resignation at the end of the 2016 season.
The program's current nickname, "Bearcats", was first used in 1914 and was formally adopted in 1919. Prior to then, common terms like "Varsity" or "Red and Black" (the team's colors) had been used to refer to the football team. The Bearcats have played in more than 1200 games during the program's 129 seasons (through the 2017 regular season). In that time, nine coaches have led the Bearcats in a post-season bowl game, eight have won a conference championship, and four have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Rick Minter currently holds several records among Cincinnati coaches, including most games coached (117), seasons coached (10), games won (53), games lost (63), conference wins (23), and conference losses (30). Minter also holds, along with Tuberville and Brian Kelly, the record for most bowl games coached (3). Sid Gillman guided the Bearcats to three Mid-American Conference (MAC) championships, the most of any Cincinnati coach in any conference. Gillman also has the best conference win percentage of any coach (.929); Tom Fennell's .864 is the best regular season percentage, while Kelly's .850 leads among multi-season coaches. Only one interim coach, Steve Stripling, has won a game in that position.
Key
Coaches
Notes
References
General
Specific
Lists of college football head coaches
Ohio sports-related lists
Bearcats head football coaches
Manson–Northwest Webster Community School District (MNW) is a rural public school district headquartered in Manson, Iowa. It operates an elementary school and a junior-senior high school; the former is in Barnum and the latter is in Manson. the schools respectively had 477 and 343 students.
It occupies sections of Webster, Calhoun, and Pocahontas counties. The district serves Manson, Barnum, Clare, and Knierim.
, the district had about 820 students, with 477 in primary school and 343 in secondary school.
History
It was established on July 1, 1993, with the merger of the Manson and Northwest Webster districts.
The district planned for a school bond election on September 8, 2018, for $8.8 million.
Schools
The district operates two schools:
Manson–Northwest Webster Elementary School, Barnum
Manson–Northwest Webster High School, Manson
Manson–Northwest Webster High School
Athletics
The Cougars compete in the Twin Lakes Conference in the following sports:
Cross-country
Volleyball
Football
Basketball
Wrestling
Track and field
Boys' 2-time class 1A state champions (2012, 2013)
Golf
Baseball
Softball
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
External links
Manson–Northwest Webster Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
1993 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1993
Education in Calhoun County, Iowa
Education in Pocahontas County, Iowa
Education in Webster County, Iowa
University Preparatory Charter Academy, also known as "U-prep" or "UPREP", was a charter high school in the Oakland Unified School District, California. It was founded in 2001 by Isaac Haqq in the Eastmont Town Center at the corner of 72nd Street and Bancroft Ave. In its first year of operation, the school had about 80 students and taught a ninth grade curriculum, expanding in number of students and grade levels taught each year. The school doubled in size from some 130 to 260 students in 2004.
Haqq claimed "We have made it cool to be smart at this school".
A large portion of the student body were minorities; 78% were African American, and 15% were Hispanic.
In 2007 the school district nullified the school's 2006 exam results after discovering that someone had changed hundreds of test core answers from wrong to right. The district threatened to revoke the school's charter after scandals involving alleged cheating by an adult student and alleged grade changes by teachers. State investigators seized copies of the 2005 standardized tests, which were being illegally used to prepare UPREP students for the 2007 exams.
According to former teachers and a former director of the school's independent study program, school officials sent poor performing students home on testing days or temporarily assigned them to 12th grade, where testing was not required. This had the effect of artificially raising the school's average test score.
Former teachers of the school documented multiple cases where course names and grades were falsified on transcripts sent to universities.
The founder, Isaac Haqq, resigned from his directorship on July 12. At a board meeting to discuss the future of the school, parents praised the school's achievements and opposed its closure.
The governing board of UPREP voted to close the school in July 2007 after allegations of fraudulent attendance reporting (creating fraudulent collection of state funding estimated at $260,000). In addition the State Department of Education invalidated the school's test scores in 2006 and announced its intention to invalidate the results for 2007, in both cases because of cheating.
On August 2, 2007, the San Francisco Chronicle reported that the school had been closed and the district was scrambling to find placement for its students.
The CDS Code for UPREP is 01612590130591.
See also
List of high schools in California
References
Charter high schools in California
Educational institutions established in 2001
High schools in Oakland, California
2001 establishments in California
Oakland Unified School District
Flood is a 2007 British disaster film, directed by Tony Mitchell. It features Robert Carlyle, Jessalyn Gilsig, David Suchet and Tom Courtenay and is mainly set in London, England. It is based on the novel of the same name by Richard Doyle.
Plot
A storm surge travels between the United Kingdom and mainland Europe, raising sea levels and coinciding with the spring tide. Several parts of Scotland are devastated, including Wick.
The Met Office's head forecaster, Keith Hopkins, mistakenly believes the storm will head towards the Netherlands and is guilt-ridden by Deputy Prime Minister Campbell when he critiques the failed forecasts. Professor Leonard Morrison proves that the approaching surge of water will break through the Thames Barrier and flood London in the next three hours. Leonard had focused his life around the belief that the barrier was built in the wrong area, and turned his son Rob (grieving from the death of his mother) into a bitter man. However, upon learning his father's obsession turned out to be truthful, Rob apologises.
Deputy Prime Minister Campbell, in charge while the Prime Minister is away, declares a state of emergency. He begins to evacuate over one million people from Central London before the water surge hits. He is assisted by Police Commissioner Patricia Nash, Major General Ashcroft and a guilt-stricken Hopkins.
The Thames barrier is raised, but the huge wave of water arrives and overwhelms the barrier. It sweeps into the city, destroying everything in its path. Rob and his ex-wife Sam, both expert engineers, jump into the Thames to escape. Leonard is saved by a military helicopter and taken to Whitehall, where the authority figures desperately require his assistance to handle the disaster.
Rob and Sam end up in the London Underground with other survivors. They are led through a ventilation duct to higher ground by two underground maintenance workers, Bill and Zack. When the surge floods the station, Bill is drowned sealing a door behind the others. The group find a ventilation shaft and escape the underground, finding themselves in the flooded Trafalgar Square, where Rob and Sam are able to contact Leonard. They end up returning with him to the barrier, where Leonard believes the water flow can be reversed back out of London, as the tide has turned and the water level is starting to go down. But General Ashcroft disagrees and prepares to destroy the barrier with an air strike.
Hopkins, feeling even more guilty when thousands of corpses are shown on a news report, quietly disappears and is later reported by Ashcroft to be dead, an apparent suicide. Nash is at odds with Ashcroft, wanting to give the Morrisons a chance to remedy the situation, while also distraught over her own two missing daughters, who later are found alive.
Rob, Sam and Leonard discover the controls to the Thames barrier are now underwater. One can activate them, but likely will not survive. Rob and Sam try to decide which of them should go, but Leonard leaves on the suicide mission. He saves London by activating the barrier's controls before running out of air whilst underwater and dying in the effort.
Campbell is informed that the Thames barrier has been activated and orders the air strike to be aborted. Rob and Sam lower the Thames barrier and the water flows back out of London.
Cast
Production
The film was shot on location in London for two weeks and in South Africa for 11 weeks. It is notable for the use of intricate production design and special effects in depicting famous London landmarks such as the London Underground, Houses of Parliament and The O2 being partially submerged underwater.
Twenty-six studio sets were constructed with built-in water effects to shoot the actors in a wide range of flood sequences. Miniature sets in water tanks were used to shoot larger flooded buildings such as the Thames Barrier, London Underground and car parks. Computer generated visual effects were used to create shots of flooded London by combining shots of London with digitally created water. Locations in Cape Town were used for Whitehall, the Scottish coastline, London Underground and the Thames Barrier.
Release
A 110-minute version of the film was given a limited theatrical release in the UK, premiering on 24 August 2007 and was released on DVD in the UK in October 2007. An extended two-part TV version was screened on ITV1 on May 8 to 19 2008 and released in the UK on DVD October 2008. It also played as a mini-series in Lithuania, Spain, Italy, New Zealand, South Africa, Canada, Finland and Denmark. The extended version was repeated on ITV3 on 10 and 11 January 2009.
Critical response
Anna Smith at the BBC gave the film 3 stars out of five with the reviewer calling it "an American disaster movie on rather sodden British soil."
References
External links
Risques VS Fictions n°8, filmed interview (subbed in French) with Steve East, technical support team leader of the real Thames Barrier about the depiction of the barrier and scientific accuracy in the film.
2007 films
British disaster films
British drama films
British science fiction films
Films based on British novels
Films set in London
Films set in Scotland
Films set in the United Kingdom
Films shot in London
Films shot in South Africa
Flood films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Tony Mitchell
2000s British films
Shilfee and Tulipcorobockles is the solo project of Tomo Furukawa, otherwise known as Full (ex-Guniw Tools & Nookicky). Full's newest project combines rock, pop, new wave, electronica, opera, and more with his hauntingly unique vocals.
In December 2004, Shilfee and Tulipcorobockles' first album "Chichiro" was released. It included the PV for the song "Dead Leaves" and was followed by a few live dates around Japan and Tibet (Full frequently visits Tibet whether he's playing a live there or not and often writes about his travels in his blog).
In January 2007, Shilfee and Tulipcorobockles released another album entitled "Newolf". The album saw more of Full's unusual and cryptic lyrics, many of them in English.
Lineup
Furukawa Tomo (古川 とも)
Discography
Albums
10/12/2005 – Chihiro
23/12/2006 – Newolf
20/05/2008 – Knotty
30/09/2010 – Hermit Paean
External links
Official website
Full Official Myspace
Tomo Furukawa Official Ameblo
Japanese male singers
Sylvia La Torre (born June 4, 1933 in Manila, Philippines), known as "The Queen of Kundiman", is a Filipino singer, actress, and radio star. La Torre is the daughter of Filipino artist Leonora Reyes and director Olive La Torre. She is the mother of actor Bernie Pérez and actress Cheche. She is also the paternal grandmother of actress Sarita Pérez de Tagle, and actress and singer Anna Maria Perez de Tagle, for whom she was an early singing coach. Most importantly, she is also the mother-in-law of Sylvia La Torre and the grandmother-in-law of Scott Kline Jr.
Life and career
A coloratura soprano, she graduated from the University of Santo Tomas Conservatory of Music with a degree in Music major in Voice and minor in Piano. She began singing in 1938 at the age of five, when she entered a singing competition in Manila. She started performing in theater during World War II. In 1948, she joined the Manila Grand Opera House. Her first song release was "Si Petite Mon Amour" under the Bataan Records label in 1950. She later moved to Villar Records. She was known as "The Queen of Kundiman" in the 1950s and 1960s.
She began to make films in 1941 (Ang Maestra), moving to Sampaguita Pictures, the studio her father worked at as a director.
She now lives in Los Angeles.
Filmography
1941 - Ang Maestra
1949 - Biro ng Tadhana
1952 - Buhay Pilipino
1952 - Ulila ng Bataan
1952 - Gorio at Tekla
1953 - Munting Koronel
1953 - Ang Asawa Kong Americana
1958 - My Little Kuwan
1959 - Puro Utos, Puro Utos
1959 - Nukso ng Nukso
1960 - Yantok Mindoro
1961 - Oh Sendang
1962 - Tang-taran-tang
1963 - Sakay and Moy
1974 - Oh Maggie Oh
1978 - Chimoy at Chimay
1987 - Jack & Jill as Doña Estrella "Star" Bartolome
1988 - One Two Bato, Three Four Bapor
1989 - M&M, the Incredible Twins
1993 - Ligaw-ligawan Kasal-kasalan Bahay-bahayan
1997 - Biyudo Si Daddy, Biyuda Si Mommy
Discography
Akala'y Totoo (Pangarap Lang Pala)
Ako Ay Iyo - 1959
Ako'y Kampupot - 1954
Ako'y Lumuluha
Ako'y Nagmamahal - 1961
Alak (record) - 1965
Alembong - 1958
Alibambang
Aling Kutsero - 1956
Anak ni Waray - 1959
Ano Ba - 1959
Ang Giliw Na Ibig Ko - 1960
Ang Dalagang Nayon
Ang Hirap Kay' Inday
Ang Kasing-Kasing ko
Ang Langit Ko'y Ikaw
Ang Paglalaba
Ano Ba
Ano Kaya ang Kapalaran - 1955
Arimunding-Munding - 1953
Asahan Mo
Atik
Awat na Adyang - 1961
Ay Anong Saklap - 1960
Ay Kalisud - 1954
"Babalik Ka Rin"
"Bahala Na" - 1956
"Bahay-Kubo (Sylvia)" - 1966
"Bakit Mo Ako Pinaluha"
"Banahaw"
"Basang Sisiw"
"Basta't Mahal Kita" - 1959
"Batanguena" - 1954
"Binatang Kapampangan"
"Bingwit ng Pag-ibig"
"Binibiro Lamang Kita"
"Biru-Biruan"
"Bituing Marikit" - 1952
"Buhay sa Nayon"
"Bulaklak at Paru-Paro" - 1954
"Carinosa"
"Chimoy at Chimay" - 1973
"Dadaldal-Daldal"
"Dahil Sa Polka" - 1965
"Dahil sa Iyo"
"Dahil sa Polka"
"Dalaga't Binata"
"Dankasi'y Tuwis Ka ng Tuwis" (1962)
"Di Magtataksil"
"Di Mahahadlangan"
Easy Ka Lang Padre - 1956
Etcetera...Etcetera...Etcetera... - 1966
Ewan Ko Ba - 1962
Fiesta - 1960
Galawgaw - 1955
Ginintuang Ani - 1954
Gintong Silahis - 1954
Golpe de Gulat - 1967
Granada (Sylvia) - 1968
Habang May Buhay - 1965
Halikan Mo Ako Darling - 1959
Halina't Magsaya
Handang Matodas
Hanee-Hanee
Hanggang Langit
Hanggang sa Mag-Umaga
Hijo de Familia
Hindi Basta-Basta - 1956
Hindi Na Nagbalik
Hirap ng Umibig
Huwag Ka Sanang Pikon - 1962
Ibong Sawi - 1953
Ikaw
Ikaw Kasi - 1956
Ikinalulungkot Ko
Ilang-Ilang - 1954
Inday Palalayasin Kita
Irog Kay Sarap
Irog Ko
Irog ng Buhay
Irogm Nasaan ang Pag-ibig
Isang Aral - 1967
Iyung-Iyo
Jukebox Rock
Kalesa - 1959
Kasalanan Ba ang Umibig
Kasing Bango ng Pagsinta - 1954
Katakataka
Katimbang ng Buhay
Katuwaan
Kikisay-Kisay
Kulasisi - 1954
Kumare, Kumpadre 1952 (Sylvia La Torre & Alfred La Roza)
Kung Akoy Iibig
Kung Kita'y Kapiling
Kung Nagsasayaw
Laba-Laba-Laba
Lalake at Lamok
Larawan ng Pagsinta
Lawiswis Kawayan - 1954
Lihim Kitang Iniibig
Luha
Luha sa Hatinggabi
Luha sa Kalipay - 1954
Maalaala Mo Kaya
Mabuti Pa
Madaling Araw
Magkatuwaan - 1966
Magsaya ka't Ngumiti - 1967
Magsayawan
Magtiis ka Darling
Mahal na Mahal kita
Malaking Hirap
Maligayang Araw
Mamang Kartero
Manalig ka
Mang Teban
Masaganang Kabukiran - 1954
May Araw ka Rin
Mutya ng Pasig - 1952
Nagnakaw ng Halik - 1959
Nakakabum - 1969
Naman, Naman, Naman - 1970
Nangangarap
Nasaan
Nasaan Ang Aking Puso - 1968
Nasaan ang Sumpa Mo
Nasaan Ka Irog - 1952
No Money, No Honey - 1956
No Touch, Filipino Kostum
O.A.
One, Two, Three
Paglingap - 1953
Paglubog ng Araw
Pahiwatig - 1952
Pakiusap - 1952
Pakwan - 1959
Pamaypay ng Maynila - 1954
Pampahimbing - 1959
Pandanggo sa Pag-ibig
Pandangguhan (Sylvia) - 1954
Parti-Lain (Sylvia) - 1961
Paru-Paro sa Bulaklak
Peks Man
Phone Pal (Sylvia) - 1958
Please Lang - 1960
Pintasan - 1964
Pook na Kaakit-akit
Probinsyano (Sylvia) - 1959
Puting Teksas - 1961
Sa Bukid
Sa Duyan ng Pagmamahal
Sa Kabukiran - 1954
Sa Libis ng Nayon
Sa Pagpatak ng Ulan
Salawahan
Sampaguita
Singsing
Sino Man ang Nagsabi - 1965
Sosayting Dukha (song)
Taguan (Sylvia) - 1966
Talusaling Polka - 1964
Tampal - 1969
Tampuhan
Taradyin Pot Pot
Tayo'y Mamasko
Tingnan Natin
Tinikling (Sylvia) - 1963
Tirana Biya
Tugtugan - 1969
Tsimoy at Tsimay with Bobby Gonzales
Tunay na Ligaya
Twit Twit Twit - 1963
Walang Kuarta
Waray-Waray - 1954
References
External links
La Torre at the Internet Movie Database website
La Torre at Allmusic.com
1933 births
Living people
Filipino expatriates in the United States
20th-century Filipino women singers
Filipino film actresses
Filipino musical theatre actresses
Filipino television actresses
Erigeron tenellus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Río Grande fleabane. It is native to the valley of the Río Grande, on both sides of the international border. It is found in the US state of Texas as well as in Nuevo León and Tamaulipas in México.
Erigeron tenellus grows in brushlands and in open woodlands dominated by palms. It is an annual herb up to 40 centimeters (16 inches) tall, producing a narrow taproot. The inflorescence is made up of 1-20 flower heads per stem, in a loose array. Each head contains 95–250 blue or white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
United States Department of AgriculturePlants Profile
Calphotos Photo gallery, University of California
tenellus
Flora of Northeastern Mexico
Flora of Texas
Plants described in 1836
Svante L. Myrick (born March 15, 1987) is an American politician who formerly served as the mayor of Ithaca, New York. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Raised in the town of Earlville, New York, Myrick was elected to the Ithaca Common Council in 2007 while he was a student at Cornell University. After graduating from Cornell in 2009, Myrick ran for mayor of Ithaca in 2011; he defeated two candidates in the Democratic primary and won the general election with 54.9% of the vote. Upon taking office in 2012 at age 24, Myrick became the city's youngest mayor and its first mixed race mayor. Myrick is known for his 2016 proposal to create a city-run supervised heroin injection site. He was re-elected in 2015 and 2019. On January 5, 2022, Myrick announced that he had accepted an offer to serve as Executive Director of People For the American Way.
Early life and education
Born on March 15, 1987, Myrick has three siblings. Myrick's father, Jessie, is black; his mother, Leslie, is white. During his infancy, Myrick and his family experienced periodic homelessness. Jessie Myrick's struggles with drug addiction (specifically, an addiction to crack cocaine) led Leslie Myrick to move her four children from Florida to Earlville, New York, a small village of 900. Myrick was raised in Earlville by his mother and his maternal grandparents, Wilbur and Phyllis Raville. Myrick's family struggled to get by and depended on food stamps, with Leslie Myrick working multiple jobs to provide for her children. Myrick attended public schools and graduated from Sherburne-Earlville High School in 2005. He had asthma while in high school.
Myrick then studied communication at Cornell University, where he was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon and a leader of the Interfraternity Council and Quill and Dagger society. He began his public-service career though volunteer activities while a student, including working with the REACH program (Raising Education Attainment Challenge) and the Ithaca Youth Council. Myrick graduated from Cornell in 2009.
Political career
Ithaca Common Council (2008–2011)
Myrick was elected to the Ithaca Common Council at age 20 in 2007. When he took office in January 2008 (still aged 20), Myrick became the youngest alderperson in the history of the City of Ithaca; he began serving on the Common Council while still a student at Cornell. Myrick's principal contributions while serving as a councilman included forwarding a successful effort to create a "tobacco-free zone" on the Ithaca Commons, promoting youth involvement in city government through overseeing the creation of the Ithaca Youth Council, and playing a role in master planning and zoning changes in Ithaca's dense, student-dominated Collegetown neighborhood.
Mayor of Ithaca (2012–2022)
On March 29, 2011, Myrick declared his intent to pursue the office of Mayor of Ithaca as a Democrat. In the primary election, he defeated Alderperson J. R. Claiborne and County Legislator Pamela Mackesey. As the Democratic Party nominee, Myrick faced concerns about his age, experience, connection to the community and capability. Myrick earned 54.9% of votes cast in the November general election (a 28.5% margin from the nearest candidate), winning all city voting districts. Myrick defeated Janis Kelly (Republican Party candidate), J. R. Clairborne (Independence Party candidate), and Wade Wykstra (Independent).
Myrick became the City of Ithaca's youngest mayor and first mayor of color when he was sworn into office on January 1, 2012 at age 24. He also became the youngest mayor in the history of the State of New York. When Myrick assumed office, he inherited an anticipated $3 million to $3.5 million budget deficit in the City of Ithaca. His first city budget, the budget for fiscal year 2013, concentrated on maintaining city services while streamlining City Hall through merging departments, reducing management and adopting new technology systems. The budget also prioritized increasing the wages of the City's lowest-paid employees.
On June 6, 2013, Myrick delivered the keynote address at the 13th Annual New York State Supportive Housing Conference. The address touched on issues of race and on Myrick's personal history of homelessness. On October 1, 2013, the City of Ithaca became a Certified Living Wage Employer. On December 5, 2013, Myrick participated in the White House Mayor's Manufacturing Summit. Nearly 20 mayors from across the U.S. attended to meet with other local government leaders and share their concerns and ideas for manufacturing progress in their local communities.
The City's adopted fiscal year 2014 budget successfully closed the deficit Myrick had inherited in 2012 and brought about the lowest tax levy increase in over a decade.
Myrick joined President Obama during the annual U.S. Conference of Mayors Winter Meeting in January 2015. Administration officials discussed ways in which to continue partnering with cities to raise wages and incomes, to strengthen the standing of working families in a new economy and to bolster and expand the middle class.
On August 15, 2015, Myrick was invited to join people from 180 countries in the conference of the World Economic Forum in Geneva, Switzerland, for a meeting of the Global Shapers' Community to promote local change for global impact.
Myrick has said that his father's struggles with drug addiction helped inspire him to create a committee to confront the heroin problem. After nearly two years of research, the Municipal Drug Policy Committee formed in April 2014 by Myrick released "The Ithaca Plan: A Public Health and Safety Approach to Drugs and Drug Policy". The Plan proposed to create a Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion program (LEAD) in which police officers "divert people directly into the social service system" instead of perpetuating the revolving-door system of incarceration for low-level offenses. The 64-page Plan is centered on several tenets: Prevention, treatment, law enforcement, harm reduction, governance and leadership. On February 25, 2016, Ithaca proposed to create the country's first supervised heroin injection site. The proposal received local and national attention.
On April 19 and 22, 2013, Myrick joined forces with student organizers of the Youth Power Summit 2013 at Ithaca College Center for Business and Sustainable Enterprise, a climate justice convergence for young people from Tompkins County. He met with students to discuss divestment.
Myrick was re-elected in 2015 with 89% of the vote. On March 6, 2019, Myrick announced his intent to seek a third term as mayor, and won re-election with 76% of the vote. On January 5, 2022, Myrick announced that he had accepted an offer to serve as Executive Director of People For the American Way.
Awards and honors
On December 10, 2014, Myrick was named as a recipient of the John F. Kennedy New Frontier Awards at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum, created by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation and The Institute of Politics at Harvard University to honor Americans under the age of 40 who are changing their communities and the country with their commitment to public service.
In 2016, Politico asked 71 mayors from all around the country to rate each other in a variety of categories. Myrick "received votes for most innovative, the biggest turnaround and a mayor to 'keep our eye on'".
References
External links
Mayoral Website
1987 births
Living people
Mayors of Ithaca, New York
New York (state) Democrats
African-American mayors in New York (state)
Cornell University alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
The Canton of Saint-Claude is a canton, situated in the Jura département and in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté région of France.
Composition
Since the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the communes of the canton of Saint-Claude are:
Avignon-lès-Saint-Claude
Leschères
Nanchez
Ravilloles
La Rixouse
Saint-Claude (chef-lieu)
References
Saint-Claude
Sligo Mac Diarmada station, also known as Sligo railway station, is a mainline railway station which serves the town of Sligo in County Sligo, Ireland. It is a terminal station which now has two platforms and an intermediate carriage siding. The railway at the station is elevated above the surrounding streets and the station building dominates its surrounds. There is a passing loop at the approach to the station. It is named after Irish patriot Seán Mac Diarmada. Iarnród Éireann, Ireland's national railway operator, runs inter-city rail services between Sligo and Dublin on the Dublin-Sligo railway line.
History
The station opened on 3 December 1862, when Sligo acquired rail links to Dublin. The Sligo, Leitrim and Northern Counties Railway linked to Enniskillen to the north in 1881. A link to Limerick and the south followed in 1895. The line to Enniskillen closed in 1957 and passenger services to Limerick closed in 1963.
The station building was burned down and destroyed on 11 January 1923 during the Irish Civil War. Seven engines were sent down the line to the quay and one crashed through a concrete wall into the harbour.
The station formerly had two intermediate carriage sidings rather than one. The southern platform was previously shorter and included a small bay platform. There was a depot previously to the south of the line to the east of the station, the building is now demolished. The turntable was used for turning steam locomotives and later proved useful for turning 121 Class single cabbed diesel locomotives.
Naming
In 1966, Sligo railway station was renamed Mac Diarmada Station after Irish rebel Seán Mac Diarmada from County Leitrim.
Freight terminal
There is a line to the mothballed freight terminal which curves off to the north and downward just before the station. The facility includes a large crane for handling containers.
Connections
Sligo bus station is at street level adjacent to south side of the station.
Gallery
See also
List of railway stations in Ireland
References
External links
Irish Rail Sligo station website
Iarnród Éireann stations in County Sligo
Railway stations in County Sligo
Railway stations opened in 1862
Sligo (town)
1862 establishments in Ireland
Vadhiyar, also spelled Vadhiar, is a region of sami, shankheshwar and Harij Taluka of Patan district of Gujarat, India.
History
Vadhiyar was originally known as Vriddhikar, the land of grass or herdsmen. The word is also said to be a corruption of Vandh Ahir, the Ahir's camping ground. It was famous for its grass, fowls, sheep, and horses. It is of historic interest as the first seat of the Chavda dynasty, who, in 746, founded the city of Anhilwad Patan. The site of their first capital is preserved in the village of Panchasar.
References
Notes
Bibliography
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
Patan district
Desmoscolecidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Desmoscolecida.
Genera
Genera:
Antarcticonema Timm, 1978
Calligyrus Lorenzen, 1969
Demanema Timm, 1970
References
Nematodes
An SSN is a nuclear-powered general-purpose attack submarine. SSN is the US Navy hull classification symbol for such vessels; the SS denotes a submarine and the N denotes nuclear power. The designation SSN is used for interoperability throughout NATO under STANAG 1166, though navies use other terms.
History
The first nuclear-powered attack submarine was the US Navy's , operational from 1954. This was followed by the four submarines of the entering service in 1957.
The Royal Navy's first nuclear fleet submarine was which by using an American reactor entered service in 1963. The first all-British nuclear submarines were the two s.
The USN submarine fleet has been all-nuclear powered for over two decades. The bulk of the USN's SSN fleet has been the Los Angeles-class attack submarine. Designed during the Cold War the Los Angeles-class boats raison d'etre was to protect USN carrier battle groups and to hunt Soviet Navy SSBNs before they could launch a first strike against the United States.
The first ever major combat action involving an SSN was during the 1982 Falklands War. An Argentinian cruiser, was sunk by torpedoes fired by the Royal Navy fleet submarine . After that incident, the Argentinian Navy was effectively confined to port.
Since the end of the Cold War, SSNs have evolved into multi-mission submarines. Their roles include submarine-launched cruise missile platforms, intelligence gathering platforms, insertion and exfiltration of special forces teams in addition to traditional hunter-killer SSN roles.
The advantages of an SSN over a conventionally powered SSK are much longer endurance (limited more by the crew than the boat, a nuclear submarine can stay submerged for months and does not need refueling in their 25-year lifespans), and higher speed. Unlike most SSKs, SSNs do not have to surface periodically for air, which would compromise their stealth. Some of the newest conventional submarines approach these advantages: Stirling engine powered vessels can cruise underwater for up to two weeks and, like diesel/electric vessels (and in theory LOX powered vessels), are significantly quieter than nuclear submarines, since they do not need to run the powerful (and noisy) pumps associated with the cooling circuits of pressurized water reactors.
The main disadvantages of an SSN are the technological challenges and expenses of building and maintaining a nuclear power plant. Nuclear submarines can have political downsides, as some countries refuse to accept nuclear-powered vessels as a matter of policy. Furthermore, decommissioned nuclear submarines require costly dismantling and long term storage of the radioactive waste.
The following navies currently operate SSNs:
People's Liberation Army Navy of China
French Navy
Indian Navy
Russian Navy
Royal Navy of the United Kingdom
United States Navy
Active and future SSN classes
Royal Australian Navy
Australian Nuclear Attack Submarine - At least 8 planned
Brazilian Navy
Álvaro Alberto-class submarine - 1 under construction
People's Liberation Army Navy of the People's Republic of China
Han-class submarine (Type 091) - 3 in service, 2 retired
Type 093 submarine - 6 in service
Type 095 submarine - 5 planned in total
French Navy
- 5 in service, 1 retired
Barracuda-class submarine - 1 in service, 6 planned in total
Indian Navy
- 1 was in service, but returned to Russia in June 2021 before end of lease 1 more submarine leased to be delivered by 2025
Project 75 Alpha - 6 planned in total
Russian Navy
Victor III-class submarine - 3 in service, 45 retired
Sierra II-class submarine - 2 in service
- 10 in service, 4 retired
Yasen-class submarine - 1 in service, 12 planned in total
Royal Navy of the United Kingdom
Known as "fleet submarines" in the Royal Navy
- 3 in service, 4 retired
- 4 in service, 7 planned in total
SSN(R) - First design contract awarded
United States Navy
- 30 in service, 32 retired
- 3 in service
- 19 in service, 48 planned in total
Retired SSN classes
Indian Navy
INS Chakra - leased Soviet Charlie-class submarine commissioned between 1987 – 1991.
Royal Navy of the United Kingdom
- the Royal Navy's first nuclear-powered fleet submarine 1963 - 1980
- 2 submarines in service 1966 - 1994
- 3 submarines in service 1970 - 1992
- 6 submarines 1973-2010
Soviet / Russian Navy
November-class submarine 1958-1991
K-278 Komsomolets - only member of the "Mike" class, 1984 - 1989 (sank after fire)
Alfa-class submarine
United States Navy
(unique)
(unique)
- 4 submarines in service 1957 - 1989
- 6 submarines in service 1959 - 1990 (One lost, 1968)
USS Triton (SSN-586) (unique)
USS Halibut (SSN-587) (unique)
- 14 submarines in service 1961 - 1996 (One lost, 1963)
(unique)
- 37 submarines in service 1967 - 2004
(unique)
(unique)
See also
Nuclear submarine
Ballistic missile submarine (SSB/SSBN)
Cruise missile submarine (SSG/SSGN)
List of submarine classes
List of submarine classes of the Royal Navy
List of Soviet and Russian submarine classes
List of submarine classes of the United States Navy
References
Attack submarines
Agustin Bostani (29 November 1876 in Dair al-Qamar, Lebanon – 30 October 1957) was an eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon.
On 20 April 1899 Bostani was ordained to the priesthood. On 23 February 1919 he was appointed Eparch of Sidon and on 2 March 1919 the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch Elias Peter Hoayek consecrated him bishop. Bostani was Eparch of Sidon more than 38 years and died on 30 October 1957 at the age of 80.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bbost.html
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/said1.htm
1876 births
1957 deaths
Boustani family
Lebanese Maronites
20th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Eastern Catholic bishops in Lebanon
The 2020–21 FC Midtjylland season was FC Midtjylland's 22nd season of existence, and their 20th consecutive season in the Danish Superliga, the top tier of football in Denmark. As a result of the club's league title in 2019–20, it qualified for the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League, advancing to the Group Stage and vied for the 2020–21 Danish Cup, losing in the semi-finals.
Squad
Out on loan
Transfers
Arrivals
Summer
Winter
Departures
Summer
Winter
Non-competitive
Pre-season friendlies
Mid-season friendlies
Competitive
Competition record
Danish Superliga
Regular season
Championship round
Regular season
Championship round
Danish Cup
UEFA Champions League
Qualifying round and Play-off round
Group stage
Group D
Statistics
Appearances
Includes all competitive matches.
Goalscorers
This includes all competitive matches.
Assists
This includes all competitive matches.
Clean sheets
This includes all competitive matches.
Disciplinary record
This includes all competitive matches.
References
External links
FC Midtjylland in Danish
FC Midtjylland seasons
Danish football clubs 2020–21 season
Midtjylland
Selv om de er små (Even If They Are Little) is a Norwegian family film starring Lille Grethe. The film premiered on December 26, 1957.
Plot
Brit's mother and father are divorced. Brit lives with her mother in Oslo, but she feels strongly attracted to her father. She is no longer allowed to visit him because he has remarried to a cabaret singer. Her father is a composer, and her mother wants to keep her daughter away from this artistic environment. However, Brit wants to go to her father. During her summer vacation, she escapes from the children's camp. She hikes along a country road and gets a ride with a scrap dealer. He understands that something is troubling Brit and wants to help her. Brit leaves him, and she gets a ride from an engineer. After that, she trudges alone on a shortcut through the forest, experiences strange things, and finally reaches her father's somewhat remote cottage. Her father's new wife is not the kind of person that Brit's mother said she is. Brit's problems with adults become increasingly complex.
Cast
Odd Borg as Einar Helle, Brit's father
Liv Wilse as Rita Helle, Einar's new wife
Lille Grethe as Brit Helle, 10 years old
Bab Christensen as Haldis Helle, Brit's mother
Henki Kolstad as Tallaksen, a scrap dealer
Lars Nordrum as Bernt Friis
Åsta Hjelm
Dan Fosse
Kari Sundby
Anne Borg as Turid Ås, a dancer
Rolf Just Nilsen
References
External links
Selv om de er små at the National Library of Norway
Selv om de er små at Filmfront
1957 films
Norwegian black-and-white films
Films directed by Nils Reinhardt Christensen
Nazish Pratapgarhi (born Mohammad Ahmad; 12 July 1924 – 10 April 1984) was an Urdu poet from India, who was known for his thoughts and ability to create contact between himself and lovers of Urdu poetry.
Early life
Pratapgarhi hailed from Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Writings
He mainly wrote Urdu Ghazals. He was a disciple of Seemab Akbarabadi. His collection of ghazals titled Naya Saaz Naya Andaz was published by the Uttar Pradesh Urdu academy. In 1983, he received the Ghalib Award in recognition of his contribution to Urdu literature.
He faced financial difficulties throughout his life and even when he approached the film industry, he did not sell his lyrics, although he led a poor life.
See also
List of Indian poets
List of Urdu language poets
References
1924 births
1981 deaths
Urdu-language poets from India
20th-century Indian poets
Indian male poets
Poets from Uttar Pradesh
20th-century Indian male writers
Recipients of Ghalib Award
People from Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh
Joseph I. Scannella (May 22, 1928 – May 3, 2018) was an American football player and coach of American and Canadian football.
Playing career
Scannella played quarterback at Lehigh University from 1947 to 1949.
Coaching career
Scannella began his coaching career as an assistant at Clifton High School in Clifton, New Jersey. His first head coaching job was at Oceanside High School in Oceanside, New York. He was the Sailors head coach from 1955 to 1959 before becoming the ends coach at Cornell University. He left Cornell after one season to become head coach at Baldwin High School.
In 1964, he was hired by C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University to serve as head football coach and athletic director. In four seasons with the Pioneers he had a 19–15–2 record. He left in 1968 to take a front office job with the New York Giants. He was hired by Holy Cross in February 1969 to serve as the Crusaders offensive coordinator but resigned a week later to become offensive backfield coach for the Montreal Alouettes. In 1970, he was hired by the University of Vermont to coach the Catamounts football team.
In 1972, he became the special teams coach for the Oakland Raiders under head coach John Madden. He was a member of the coaching staff in 1976 when the Raiders defeated the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl XI. He left the Raiders to become head coach of the Montreal Alouettes. Scannella coached the Alouettes from 1978 to 1981, finishing with a 28–28–2 record. Scannella's Alouettes appeared in the 66th and 67th Grey Cups, losing both.
Scannella was Sam Rutigliano's running backs coach in Cleveland from 1982 to 1983 before being promoted to offensive coordinator in 1984. He was not retained by new head coach Marty Schottenheimer following the 1984 season. In 1987, Scannella returned to the Raiders, who had by this time moved to Los Angeles, this time as the team's offensive backfield coach. Here he would coach two former Heisman Trophy winners Marcus Allen and Bo Jackson. After the 1988 season, he and quarterbacks coach Tom Walsh were fired by head coach Mike Shanahan, but owner Al Davis refused to allow this and the two coaches stayed on. Scannella retired from coaching in February 1994. He served as a scout for the Indianapolis Colts during the 2000s. Scannella died on May 3, 2018, three weeks short of his 90th birthday. At the time of his death, he was the last living Vermont varsity football head coach.
Head coaching record
References
1928 births
2018 deaths
American football quarterbacks
Cleveland Browns coaches
Cornell Big Red football coaches
Indianapolis Colts scouts
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football players
LIU Post Pioneers football coaches
Montreal Alouettes coaches
Oakland Raiders coaches
Vermont Catamounts football coaches
High school football coaches in New Jersey
High school football coaches in New York (state)
Sportspeople from Clifton, New Jersey
People from Oceanside, New York
Players of American football from New Jersey
is a Japanese politician, a Liberal Democrat member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature) who was elected for the first time in 2007 and re-elected in 2010 in Okinawa Prefecture constituency. Shimajiri was appointed the Minister of State for Okinawa and Northern Territories Affairs in the cabinet reshuffle on October 7, 2015, and is one of 3 women serving in Shinzo Abe's cabinet.
In an interview following her appointment as the minister of state, Shimajiri stated that she will not deal with issues regarding the construction of new U.S. military facilities in Okinawa.
Shimajiri lost her Diet seat to former Ginowan, Okinawa mayor Yoichi Iha, a critic of the US military presence in Okinawa supported by a coalition of opposition parties, in the 2016 Japanese House of Councillors election. This was viewed by some analysts as a setback for the proposed relocation of Futenma.
References
External links
[shimajiriaiko.ti-da.net/ Official website] in Japanese.
House of Councillors of Japan website
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Female members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Lehman Brothers
Sophia University alumni
People from Sendai
Living people
1965 births
is a railway station on the Sanriku Railway's Rias Line in the village of Noda, Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Noda-Tamagawa Station is served by the Rias Line, and is located 147.9 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Miyako Station.
Station layout
The station has two opposed side platforms connected by a level crossing. The station is unmanned.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Noda-Tamagawa Station opened on 20 July 1975 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR) Kuji Line. On 1 April 1984, upon the privatization of the Kuji Line, the station came under the control of the Sanriku Railway. Following the 11 March 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, services on a portion of the Sanriku Railway were suspended. The portion from Rikuchū-Noda to Tanohata resumed operations on 1 April 2012. Minami-Rias Line, a section of Yamada Line, and Kita-Rias Line constitute Rias Line on 23 March 2019. Accordingly, this station became an intermediate station of Rias Line.
Surrounding area
National Route 45
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1975
Rias Line
Noda, Iwate
Karabenli, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Jakob Kullberg (born 16 January 1976 in Aarhus, Denmark) is a classical cellist, noted for his collaboration with the Danish composer Per Nørgård.
Studies
He began his studies with Prof. Harro Ruijsenaars at the Royal Academy of Music, Jutland where he studied from 1995 until 1998.
In 1998 he left Denmark and moved to Amsterdam, Holland, in order to study with Russian cellist Prof. at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam until 2001. After taking his diploma at Conservatorium van Amsterdam he moved to Zagreb, Croatia, to study with Prof. Valter Despalj at the Zagreb Academy of Music from 2001 until 2002.
After one year in Croatia he moved to London to take a master's degree at the Royal Academy of Music where he studied with Prof. Mats Lidström and Prof. Colin Carr from 2002 until 2004. After London, Kullberg began studying privately in Vienna with Prof. Reinhard Latzko in 2004/2005 before returning to Denmark to take his Soloist Diploma at the Royal Danish Academy of Music, Copenhagen, with Prof. Morten Zeuthen.
Career
In recent years Kullberg has been specializing in the solo cello suites by J. S. Bach under the guidance of Dutch baroque cellist Anner Bylsma.
Kullberg is known for his working relationship with Danish composer Per Nørgård. Nørgård has composed numerous works for him including chamber groups such as his 10th string quartet "Harvest Timeless" and works for solo cello such as his fourth solo sonata "Rhizome", which Kullberg premiered at the Aldeburgh Festival in June 2007 to the following critical acclaim:
The early concert on Saturday from the young Danish cellist Jakob Kullberg was the perfect Aldeburgh event. He has an amazing control of line, and is always bang in tune even in the most finger-twisting passages, skills he used to spellbinding effect in the Sonata No. 2 by his compatriot Per Nørgård.
The most recent product of their continued collaboration is Nørgård's second cello concerto, "Momentum".
The English composer Simon Holt wrote his 2009 duo for violin and cello "Telarañas" (Spanish for cobwebs) for Kullberg and dedicated it to him.
Recordings
Momentum with the New Music Orchestra, Bratislava and Szymon Bywalec, containing Per Nørgård's cello concerto and other pieces, was released in 2012.
References
Danish classical cellists
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Royal Danish Academy of Music alumni
Living people
1979 births
Jollain (also spelled Jolin and Iollain) was the name of a family of French engravers and engraving publishers who lived and worked in the 17th and 18th centuries, mainly in Paris. Their engravings were often published under the name Chez Jollain (English: House of Jollain). The atelier Jollain was responsible for the first engraving of harpsichord music in France.
Family members
Gérard Jollain (first mentioned 1660, buried 28 May 1683) was a copper engraver. Bénézit gives his name as Gérard Jolin (or Jollain) and says he resided on the Rue Saint-Jacques in Paris under the shop sign Ville de Cologne and was the father of François-Gérard Jollain (next).
François Jollain (ca. 1641 – 18 April 1704) was a copper engraver. Bénézit gives his name as François-Gérard Jolin (or Jollain) l'ainé (the elder) and says he was a graveur au burin (a burin is a type of engraving tool), primarily of portraits, and the son of Gérard Jolin (previous). "He was cited in February 1697 as a marchand graveur juré, mouleur de bois (sworn merchant engraver, caster of wood)."
Jacques Jollain (first mentioned 1679) was a copper engraver. Bénézit gives his name as Jacques Jolin le jeune (the young) and also describes him as a graveur au burin, who did portraits and resided in Paris during the 17th and 18th centuries.
François-Gérard Jollain (first mentioned 1684, last mentioned 1719) was an engraver.
Gérard Jollain (first mentioned 1704, last mentioned 1719) was a copper engraver.
Gallery
Notes
Sources
Bénézit, E. (1976). Dictionnaire critique et documentaire des Peintres, Sculpteurs, Dessinateurs et Graveurs (new edition). Paris: Librairie Gründ. .
Cypress, Rebecca (November 2007) "Chambonnières, Jollain and the first engraving of harpsichord music in France". Early Music, 35 (4): 539–553. .
Saur, K. G., publisher (2000). The Artists of the World: A Bio-bibliographical Index A to Z. Munich: K. G. Saur. .
Thieme, Ulrich; Becker, Felix, founders (1907–1950). Allgemeines Lexikon der bildenden Künstler von der Antike bis zur Gegenwart, volume 19 (1926) by Hans Vollmer. Leipzig: Seemann. .
Venard, Michèle (1985). La Foire entre en scène. Paris: Librairie Theâtrale. .
French engravers
18th-century engravers
ESPN Radio 1430 may refer to:
ESPN Radio 1430 serving the Altoona, PA market
ESPN Radio 1430 serving the Fresno, CA market
ESPN Radio 1430 serving the Blacksburg, VA market
Pątnów Legnicki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately north-west of Kunice, north-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Jefferson County, Arkansas is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas in the area known as the Arkansas Delta, that extends west of the Mississippi River. As of the 2010 census, the population was 77,435. Its county seat and largest city is Pine Bluff. Jefferson County is Arkansas's 21st county, formed on November 2, 1829, from portions of Arkansas and Pulaski counties, and named for Thomas Jefferson, third President of the United States. Jefferson County is included in the Pine Bluff, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county is bisected by the Arkansas River, which was critical to its development and long the chief transportation byway.
History
The area that would later become Jefferson County was occupied by the Quapaw when French explorers established the Arkansas Post in the 17th century; the foreigners claimed this area as Louisiana, part of New France.
In March 1819, Robert Crittenden was appointed secretary of Arkansas Territory. That same year, Joseph Bonne, traveling upstream on the Arkansas River from Arkansas Post, built a cabin on a "high bluff covered with pine trees" on the river's south bank. Several years later, James Scull, also from Arkansas Post, established a tavern and small inn on the river's north bank, across from what would become the site of Pine Bluff. Five years later, Crittenden convinced the remaining Quapaw to sign the November 15, 1824 treaty relinquishing what remained of their tribal lands.
Steamboat travel led to expanding settlement, "bringing to the area such men as French-born Napoleonic soldier Antoine Barraque (Pine Bluff's principal east-west street was named for him) and brothers James T. and John Pullen (main thoroughfares were named for them)." On November 2, 1829, Territorial Governor John Pope—Crittenden's successor—approved the establishment of Jefferson County. Bonne's cabin was used as the county seat; by August 1832, "Pine Bluff Town" became the county seat."
The land in the county was developed as large cotton plantations, with fronts on the river for transportation. The plantations were dependent on the labor of enslaved African Americans, who comprised a majority of the population in the county well before the American Civil War. After the war, planters in Jefferson County gradually resumed cotton cultivation and processing. The economy was driven by cotton and the Delta area was highly productive.
In 1886, Jefferson County produced 55,120 bales of cotton, the most in Arkansas, and the second-most throughout the South. Transportation companies serving the county at the time included the Cotton Belt Route, the St. Louis – San Francisco Railway, Missouri Pacific, the Arkansas River Packet Company, the Wiley Jones Street Car Lines, and the Citizens Street Railway Company.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.7%) is water. The county is located approximately 43 miles (69 km ) southeast of Little Rock, 144 Miles (233 km southwest of Memphis, Tennessee, 218 Miles (351 km ) northwest of Jackson, Mississippi, 135 Miles (217 km ) north of Monroe, Louisiana, and 328 Miles (528 km) northeast of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
Major highways
Interstate 530
U.S. Highway 65
U.S. Highway 79
U.S. Highway 270
U.S. Highway 425
Highway 15
Highway 31
Highway 46
Highway 54
Highway 81
Highway 88
Adjacent counties
Lonoke County (northeast)
Arkansas County (east)
Lincoln County (southeast)
Cleveland County (southwest)
Grant County (west)
Pulaski County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 67,260 people, 27,593 households, and 16,356 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 77,435 people living in the county. 55.1% were Black or African American, 42.0% White, 0.8% Asian, 0.3% Native American, 0.7% of some other race and 1.2% of two or more races. 1.6% were Hispanic or Latino (of any race).
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 84,278 people, 30,555 households, and 21,510 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 34,350 housing units at an average density of 39 per square mile (15/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 49.58% Black or African American, 48.46% White, 0.24% Native American, 0.66% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.26% from other races, and 0.76% from two or more races. 0.96% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. By comparison, the county had 15,714 residents in 1870, 20% of whom were White.
In the county, there were 30,555 households, out of which 33.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.40% were married couples living together, 18.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60% were non-families. 26.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.13. The population was spread out, with 26.30% under the age of 18, 10.80% from 18 to 24, 27.80% from 25 to 44, 22.10% from 45 to 64, and 12.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.40 males.
Jefferson County experienced a decline in population between 2000 and 2010 of 8.1%. The county has continued to decline in population since 2010, showing a 3.5% decrease in population to 74,723 between the 2010 census and the 2012 (-3.5%) census estimates.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,327, and the median income for a family was $38,252. Males had a median income of $31,848 versus $21,867 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,417. About 16.00% of families and 20.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.60% of those under age 18 and 17.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government and infrastructure
The state has built a number of correctional facilities in and near Pine Bluff, and moved the headquarters of the Arkansas Department of Correction (ADC) to here in 1979. The administrative Annex East is on Harding Avenue in Pine Bluff, south of city hall. The Diagnostic Unit, the Pine Bluff Unit, and the Randall L. Williams Correctional Facility are in the "Pine Bluff Complex" in Pine Bluff. The headquarters of the Arkansas Correctional School system are within the Pine Bluff Complex.
The Arkansas Department of Community Correction Southeast Arkansas Community Corrections Center is in Pine Bluff. The Maximum Security Unit is north of central Pine Bluff and off Arkansas Highway 15 in unincorporated Jefferson County. The Tucker Unit is also located north of Pine Bluff. Historically the Arkansas Boys' Industrial School and the Arkansas Negro Boys' Industrial School were in the county.
Politics
Jefferson County is strongly Democratic in races for president, governor, and the United States Senate. In the Reconstruction Era, the county's majority black residents favored presidential candidates from the Republican Party in every election from 1868 to 1888. In the early 1890s, white Southern Democrats passed laws to disenfranchise black voters from engaging in the political process, a process which ended by the 1960s, and blacks began to favor voting for Democrats and southern whites favored the Republicans. Since 1892, Democrats have carried the county in all but three presidential elections, when Republican William McKinley won it in 1900, American Independent Party candidate George Wallace won it in 1968 and Republican Richard Nixon won it in 1972, the latter whom carried every county in Arkansas. No Republican since George H. W. Bush in 1988 has won over 40% of the county's vote, although [Joe Biden] is the first Democrat since that year to get under 60% in the county.
In the style of many urban counties in the Barack Obama and post-Obama eras, the Democratic Party continues to enjoy a strong following in Jefferson County, even as the non-urban areas has deeply turned against the party.
Education
School districts serving sections of the county include:
Pine Bluff School District
Watson Chapel School District
White Hall School District
DeWitt School District (headquartered in another county)
On July 1, 1983, the Plum Bayou School District consolidated into the Wabbaseka Tucker School District. On July 1, 1984, the Linwood School District consolidated into the Pine Bluff school district. The Altheimer-Sherrill School District and Wabbaseka Tucker school districts operated in Jefferson County until September 1, 1993, when they consolidated into the Altheimer Unified School District. On July 1, 2004, the Humphrey School District consolidated into the DeWitt district. Altheimer Unified consolidated into the Dollarway School District on July 10, 2006. Dollarway School District merged into the Pine Bluff district in 2021.
Communities
Cities
Altheimer
Humphrey (mostly in Arkansas County)
Pine Bluff (county seat)
Redfield
White Hall
Towns
Sherrill
Wabbaseka
Census-designated places
Sulphur Springs
Other unincorporated communities
Jefferson
Lake Dick
Midway
Moscow
New Gascony
Noble Lake
Reydell
Sweden
Tucker
Wright
Historical towns
Anrep
Bruce
Byrd's Spring
Clements
College Park
Diantha
Dolton
Fairfield
Kratnek
Lamb
Lamberts
Linn
Noble's Lake
Plum Bayou
Ray Station
Red Bluff
Samples
Secrest
Sleeth
Walden
Waldstein
Townships
Barraque (Redfield)
Bogy
Bolivar
Dudley Lake
Dunnington (Wabbaseka)
Jefferson
Melton
Niven
Old River
Pastoria
Plum Bayou (Altheimer, Sherrill)
Richland
Roberts (Humphrey)
Spring
Talladega (Faith)
Vaugine (Pine Bluff)
Victoria
Villemont
Washington (White Hall, Doylestown)
Whiteville
Notable residents
Moses Clegg (1876-1918), American bacteriologist
Bobby Hutton (1950-1968), Treasurer of the Black Panther Party
Bobby King (January 29, 1941 – July 22, 1983), Chicago blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.
Kemp Toney (1876-1955), politician representing Jefferson County in the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1931 to 1948
See also
List of counties in Arkansas
List of lakes in Jefferson County, Arkansas
List of places named for Thomas Jefferson
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Arkansas
References
Further reading
External links
Government
General information
Jefferson County, Arkansas at ARGenWeb (argenweb.net)
Pine Bluff and Jefferson County Historical Museum
Pine Bluff and Jefferson County Library System
Arkansas counties
1829 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Pine Bluff metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1829
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Arkansas
Sky Radio is a Russian-language radio station in Estonia. Launched in 1995, Sky Radio is the oldest radio station owned by Sky Media Group. Its sister station in Estonian language is Sky Plus.
References
External links
Radio stations in Estonia
Radio stations established in 1995
Russian-language radio stations
Mass media in Tallinn
Russians in Estonia
The General Presidency for Girls Education (GPGE) (), also known as the Directorate General for Girls Education (DGGE), was an autonomous government entity in Saudi Arabia that regulated nearly all forms of women's education in the country from 1959 to 2002, independent from supervision of the Ministry of Knowledge.
History
Established in 1959 through a royal decree issued by King Saud, it supervised both state-run and private schools for girls, except foreign ones and exercised powers parallel to the Ministry of Knowledge, which then only had authority over schools with male students. It was dissolved and subsequently merged with the Ministry of Knowledge in the aftermath of the Mecca girls' school fire incident in 2002.
References
Former government agencies of Saudi Arabia
Education in Saudi Arabia
Women and education
Karl Fogel (December 9, 1946) is a former American college basketball coach at Curry College, Northeastern, and Mercyhurst.
Coaching career
Fogel's first head coaching job came at Curry College, where he amassed a 33–40 record from 1976 to 1979. In 1979, Fogel joined Jim Calhoun's staff at Northeastern, and was a part of five NCAA Tournament appearances, as well as six regular season conference titles before taking over the head coaching position when Calhoun left for Connecticut. In his first season at the helm, Fogel coached the Reggie Lewis-led Huskies to a 27–7 record an ECAC North regular season and tournament title, and a bid to the 1987 NCAA tournament. Fogel became the first coach in conference history to win the conference tournament and go to the NCAA tournament in his first season on the job.
In his next four seasons at Northeastern, Fogel guided the Huskies to a winning record, including a regular season title during the 1989-90 season, and a regular season and conference tournament title in 1990–91 and an appearance in the 1991 NCAA tournament. In the three seasons that followed, Fogel's record was 34–49 and was subsequently fired and replaced by Northeastern alum Dave Leitao.
After Northeastern, Fogel became the head coach at Mercyhurst, where he stayed until 2003, accumulating an overall record of 106–106.
Upon leaving coaching, Fogel became the athletic director at Westwood High School in Massachusetts, serving in the role until 2011 after being placed on administrative leave following an incident involving the firing of the school's track and field coach.
Head coaching record
References
1946 births
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
Colby College alumni
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Curry Colonels men's basketball coaches
Mercyhurst Lakers men's basketball coaches
Northeastern Huskies men's basketball coaches
Michael Leahy was a child who died by drowning in 1826 in Kerry, Ireland. Leahy was four years old at the time of his death. He was believed by some in his community to have been a changeling and the drowning was the result of an attempt to cure him.
Ann Roche was indicted for Leahy's murder and tried in Tralee. Roche was described by the London Morning Post as being "an old woman of very advanced age". She claimed to have supernatural abilities and healing skills. She ordered two people to bathe the boy in the river Flesk every morning. The two bathed him for three mornings. On the third morning he was held under the water for longer than usual and died.
Mythological background
A changeling was a child left by fairies after they had stolen a healthy human child. The suspicion in Leahy's case resulted from his illness. He could neither speak nor stand. Under cross-examination a witness said that the drowning was not done with the intent of killing the child but to cure him – "to put the fairy out of it".
Legal verdict
The court, at the direction of the judge, found Roche not guilty of murder. The judge said that the jury "would not be safe in convicting the prisoner of murder, however strong their suspicion might be". Author Robert Curran says that the verdict is suggestive of the depth of belief in changelings in the community. There were several similar cases in rural Ireland in the 19th century.
Popular culture
Hannah Kent's novel, The Good People, takes inspiration from this case. Kent said that she could only find two primary source articles on the case after extensive research and many details about the case are unknown.
See also
Bridget Cleary – an Irish woman killed by her husband in 1895. Her husband claimed that she was a changeling.
References
Leahy, Michael
1826 in Ireland
Leahy, Michael
Violent deaths in Ireland
Louis Cesare Lasagna (February 22, 1923 – August 6, 2003) was an American physician and professor of medicine, known for his revision of the Hippocratic Oath.
Early life and education
Lasagna was an internationally recognized and respected expert in clinical pharmacology. Born in Queens, New York in 1923, Lasagna was raised in New Brunswick, New Jersey, by his Italian immigrant parents, and graduated from New Brunswick High School. He graduated from Rutgers University in 1943 and earned his medical degree from Columbia University in 1947. During his time at Rutgers University, he joined Kappa Sigma Fraternity (Gamma-Upsilon). After completing a clinical research fellowship in anesthesia at Harvard Medical School, Lasagna joined the faculty of Johns Hopkins University in 1954, where he established the first ever clinical pharmacology department. Lasagna taught medicine and pharmacology at Johns Hopkins until 1970, when he accepted the position as the first chairman of the Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology at the University of Rochester's, School of Medicine and Dentistry, which he held for the next decade (1970–1980). Early in his fourteen-year career at Rochester, Lasagna founded the Center for the Study of Drug Development, later called the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development. In July 1984, the Center moved with Lasagna to Tufts University, where he became dean of the Sackler School of Graduate Biomedical Sciences.
While living in Rochester, Lasagna was also active in the city's cultural life, serving as the President of the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra, supporting the Garth Fagan Dance company, and writing, directing, and starring in the "Mighty Lasagna Players" annual theater production by the University of Rochester, Department of Pharmacology Medical and Toxicology students and faculty.
Revision of Hippocratic oath
Throughout Lasagna's career he wrote and lectured extensively on a variety of topics. He was well known for his simple eloquence, as well as his sense of humor and humanity in addressing such controversial topics as birth control, abortion, euthanasia, and medical experimentation on humans. In 1964, Lasagna wrote a modernized version of the Hippocratic Oath, which emphasized a holistic and compassionate approach to medicine. Today, the "Lasagna Oath" has been adopted by many medical colleges.
The Doctors' Dilemmas
Lasagna was the author of the book The Doctors' Dilemmas (1963). It was described in a review as an "unusually readable account of the complex development of medical practice from a confusion of superstition and ignorance in its earliest days down to its present." In one chapter, Lasagna had criticized popular alternative medicine ideas and famous quacks such as Franz Mesmer and Elisha Perkins.
Involvement with US Federal drug regulation
In addition to updating the Hippocratic oath, Lasagna figured prominently in the conceptualization of controlled clinical trials and the placebo effect. He served as a consultant to, and headed, several Federal commissions on Federal drug approval. Lasagna's work led to the improvement of controlled clinical trials to test drug effectiveness, and improved the regulation of drugs for effectiveness and safety.
In 1962 Lasagna delivered testimony to Congress during the Kefauver hearings on the 1962 amendments to the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. His guidance resulted in, among other things, the requirement for controlled clinical trials as necessary for proving drug effectiveness as a condition for regulatory approval of a new drug which resulted in major improvements in the evidentiary standard in the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the pharmaceutical industry. This was the first prescription drug law in the world to specify the criteria for proving effectiveness, and other countries soon followed suit. It may be the largest single advance in the standards and outcome of medical therapy of all time.
Among the subsequent committees that Lasagna served on were: the National Committee to Review Procedures for the Approval of New Cancer and AIDS Drugs, the "blue ribbon" panel to examine the FDA, and the "Rogers Group" aimed at reforming drug regulation processes.
Academic accolades
Lasagna's numerous honors and awards include honorary Sc.D. degrees from Hahnemann Medical School (1980) and Rutgers University (1983); and an honorary doctoral degree from the University of Alcalá in Spain (1998).
Death
Lasagna died in August 2003 of lymphoma. He was survived by his wife Helen; children Nina, David, Mosie, Krissy, Lisa, Peter, and Christopher; and grandchildren Molly, Joe, Maggie, Emma, Kari, Alison, Deacon, and Carmen.
Archives
Lasagna's letters and manuscripts are archived at the University of Rochester.
This article incorporates information from the archive, with written permission.
Publications
The Doctors' Dilemmas (1963)
Life, Death, and the Doctor (1968)
Obesity: Causes, Consequences, and Treatment (1974)
Regulation and Drug Development (1975)
Innovation and Acceleration in Clinical Drug Development (1987)
Phenylpropanolamine: A Review (1988)
References
1923 births
2003 deaths
American pharmacologists
Clinical pharmacologists
Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons alumni
Critics of alternative medicine
Deaths from lymphoma
Harvard Medical School people
Johns Hopkins University faculty
People from Queens, New York
Rutgers University alumni
Tufts University faculty
University of Rochester faculty
Scientists from New York (state)
Deaths from cancer in Massachusetts
20th-century American physicians
Physicians from New York City
New Brunswick High School alumni
People from New Brunswick, New Jersey
Physicians from New Jersey
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Karaköy, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Chris Hegarty (born 24 July 1984) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Career
Hegarty came through the youth ranks at Dundee and made several first team appearances, including four in the Scottish Premier League. He moved to Peterhead on loan, however, and eventually signed for the club on a permanent basis. After a brief spell with Arbroath during the 2007–08 season, Jim Weir took Chris to Montrose on transfer deadline day in January 2008.
Hegarty grabbed an opportunity in November to stake a claim for the right back position vacated by David Worrell. He strung together a series of excellent performances in both the attacking and defensive parts of his game. Hegarty scored his first Montrose goal from the penalty spot in a 3–1 home win against Elgin City in January 2009. Hegarty's tough tackling and creative attacks made him a firm favourite with the Montrose fans in 2009 but during the dreadful 2009–10 season Hegarty picked up numerous cards and had the worst disciplinary record in Scottish football.
After one season with Forfar Athletic, Hegarty signed for Ballingry Rovers in the 2012 summer transfer window. On 1 July 2013, Hegarty signed for Highland League side Buckie Thistle. In July 2016, Hegarty resigned for Scottish League Two club Montrose on a one-year deal. Hegarty left Montrose in May 2017 at the end of his contract.
References
External links
1984 births
People from Monifieth
Living people
Scottish footballers
Association football midfielders
Dundee F.C. players
Peterhead F.C. players
Arbroath F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
Scottish Football League players
Ballingry Rovers F.C. players
Footballers from Angus, Scotland
Elizabeth Anne Lomax (22 February 1810 – 16 March 1895) was a British botanist whose herbarium is kept in Manchester.
References
Women botanists
1810 births
1895 deaths
19th-century British botanists
19th-century British women scientists
The Advance was a composite schooner built in 1874 at Auckland, New Zealand, that was wrecked when she drifted onto rocks at Henrys Head, Botany Bay, New South Wales, Australia, on 12 June 1902, whilst carrying ballast between Wollongong and Newcastle, New South Wales.
Ship description and construction
During the 1870s, the shipbuilding trade in and around Auckland was rapidly expanding, with shipbuilding occurring in numerous little bays and harbours due to the abundant timber suitable for shipbuilding purposes. The Advance, a wooden schooner of 51 tons, was built in Tolaga Bay in 1874. She made her maiden trading voyage in mid-January 1875 from Port of Auckland to Gisborne carrying passengers, 20 tons of coal, lumber, flour and other general cargo.
Service history
The Advance was a regular trader between East Coast ports Auckland, Wellington, and Lyttelton, under the ownership of Mr. John Trimmer. The vessel was then purchased by Messrs Keans and Company and was for some years commanded by Captain Kennedy.
While she operated in Australia, the Advance became a well-known schooner, employed in the coastal coal trade and for a number of years trading between Sydney and the Northern and Southern collieries.
The Advance in New Zealand
In early 1879, one of the crews of the Advance was found in court to have disobeyed the lawful commands of the master and was sentenced to 24 hours imprisonment.
In May 1880, while traveling from the Thames to Kaiapoi with 39,500 feet of timber, the Advance drifted onto the North Spit at Christchurch. She lost her rudder and part of her false keel, but was otherwise undamaged, and was removed from the bar without difficulty.
During April 1881, under the command of John William Nicholson, the Advance got away from a near miss when leaving the Grey River at Greymouth under tow of the steam tug Dispatch. The tow ropes were lost and the vessel drifted into the breakwater, moving too fast for the anchor to have held her. The sails were raised, but the wind had died away, and the crew lost control of the vessel. The Dispatch, however, managed to take the Advance in tow once again and left her on the flat opposite the town. Three feet of water had washed aboard, but no major damage was sustained.
The Advance in Australia
Charles John Ingstrom, owner and mate of the Advance, owned the vessel from 7 July 1896. The vessel's Sydney registration number shows that the vessel entered registration in Australia in 1897.
Lady Robinsons Beach stranding
On 26 July 1897, the Advance was anchored in Botany Bay at the entrance to Cooks River, when a fierce squall drove her onto Lady Robinsons Beach. An inquiry into the stranding found that the port chain had parted and the other anchor had dragged. The wreck was sold by the insurance companies and repurchased by the former owner. The vessel was described to have been carried away up on the beach and left there high and dry by the receding tide. She was found so far away from water that it would be necessary to dig a channel especially for her to be launched by means of towing power.
Rescue of Captain Gallant from the Minora
In January 1898, the Advance was involved in the rescue of the Captain of the Minora from a 24-hour lost-at-sea ordeal, where the Captain had seen his crew perish around him while vessels came close but failed to lend assistance.
The Minora, a brig of 219 tons register, was about 10 or off the coast, abreast of Broken Bay, when she shipped two heavy seas, and rapidly filled. Her bows sank first, and within the space of five minutes she had completely disappeared from view. One or two of the crew jumped overboard, but the remainder went down with the vessel, and managed to keep afloat for some hours as portions of wreckage came to the surface. Prior to leaving the vessel, the cook, who was among the lost, placed a lifebuoy round Captain Gallant and pulled him into the sea where both men seized a floating plank.
During the course of the night a steamer was sighted from the northward and came within hailing distance of the shipwrecked crew. At this time all hands were floating in the vicinity of the spot where the brig foundered. Their voices were evidently heard on board, as Captain Gallant was able to converse with the man on the forecastle head. The query came from the steamer, "Are you in a boat?" Captain Gallant replied, "No send us your boat, we are on planking". A few moments afterwards the steamer went astern and left the shipwrecked men to perish. During the day three other steamers were sighted, all southbound. The first was the South Australian, and the second was one of the Hawkesbury river boats. Both vessels, however, were too far out to hear voices. A few hours afterwards the City of Grafton passed within 50 yards of Captain Gallant and the cook, but although renewed efforts were made by the now exhausted men to attract attention, the vessel passed by without noticing them.
By the time the red light of the Advance came into sight, Captain Gallant was the only man left alive. The vessel came within quarter of a mile of him, and he made one more desperate effort to attract attention. In his own words he shouted and screeched without stopping, and within 20 minutes was picked up in an almost unconscious condition by the ship's boat. All his strength had vanished and the boat containing him was hauled up on board the schooner, and he was lifted into the captain's cabin where spirits were administered and his limbs were rubbed to restore the circulation of the blood. Spirits in very small quantities were given to him and the terrible thirst from which he was suffering was gradually allayed. Captain Gallant subsequently managed to obtain a few hours sleep, and upon awakening, although extremely weak from exhaustion and exposure, was able to relate the privations through which he had passed.
The Shipwreck Relief Society gave Captain E. Carlberg, of the Advance, for the prompt and humane action of himself and the schooner's crew, a reward of a pair of binoculars, suitably inscribed, the sum of £3 sterling paid to each member of the crew, and a certificate from the society.
Captain Neate, of the steamer Tangier, was identified as one of those who had refused to rescue the drowning men, and was publicly vilified for his "great indifference".
Wreck
Having discharged a cargo of coal from Wollongong at Swinburne's wharf at Botany, the Advance embarked on her final voyage at about 1am, on 12 June 1902. She was in ballast, bound for Newcastle to load coal for the Government dredge Ulysses, then lying at Shea's Creek.
At 3am, the schooner, manned by a crew of four, ran into heavy seas off Henry's Head. The crew were attempting to wear the ship around when she was struck by a powerful wave and flung against the rocks. Almost immediately the receding waves sucked her back, only to send her on the rocks again. The mate, Carlson, called out that there was no use trying to launch the lifeboat, and that their only chance was to make for the rocks. Carlson later reported that the captain, Ingstrom, appeared to be confused, and may have been injured by the main boom, which was "flying about in all directions". The other three crewmembers - Carlson, Holm, and the ship's cook - reached the shore safely, although not without injury. They lit a fire and took shelter under a rock until morning.
When morning came, the body of Captain Ingstrom was discovered floating in the water below, with a huge gash across his forehead. A coastguard at nearby La Perouse, who had seen their fire during the night, picked up the wounded men and took them to Little Bay Hospital, and also informed the police of Ingstrom's death. Gustavo Ingstrom, a seaman who resided at Balmain, was called upon to identify the remains of his brother.
Captain Ingstrom was interred on the following Saturday, 14 June, at the Rookwood Necropolis. The body was taken from the South Morgue to the funeral train, with a few old friends of the deceased following it to its last resting-place and the remains were interred in the Church of England section of the Necropolis.
The Advance, when she sank was valued at about £300 and was uninsured.
Wreck site and wreckage
"Henry Head, where the Advance struck, is a bold headland, distant about half a mile from Cape Banks, which forms the northern entrance to Botany Bay. The cliffs above are high and overhanging, while at the foot are a number of huge boulders lying about in all sorts of fantastic positions." Coincidentally, this small headland had claimed another vessel called the Advance just 18 years prior, in similar circumstances.
The day after the accident, all that could be seen of the Advance was "one of the masts, some planking, and a confused heap of rigging, sails, and tackle". A few scraps of wreckage and part of the deckhouse were strewn across a nearby beach.
References
Shipwrecks of the Southern Sydney Region
Ships built in New Zealand
Ships of New Zealand
1874 ships
Maritime incidents in May 1880
Maritime incidents in 1881
Maritime incidents in 1897
Maritime incidents in 1902
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Schooners of Australia
Vincent Byrne (23 November 1900 - 13 December 1992) was a member of the Irish Republican Army and a senior figure in the assassination group known as The Squad.
Pre IRA
In 1915 he joined the 2nd battalion of the Dublin Brigade of the Irish Volunteers at age 14. On Easter Monday 1916 he assembled in Saint Stephen's Green and was supposed to march over to Jacobs Factory where he would remain for the rest of the week. He was told to go home and started to cry. On his way home he ran into his section commander who asked him what was wrong. When Byrne explained what had happened he was brought back to the Green.
He spent the remainder of the week in Jacobs Factory under the command of Thomas McDonagh. When the rebels surrendered he escaped to his home but was arrested a week later and taken to Richmond Barracks.
The Squad
On the morning of the day of Bloody Sunday (1920) Byrne assassinated Lieutenant Ames and Lieutenant Bennett in their home. As he and his men were fleeing they got into a shoot out with British agents.
Post war of independence
He fought on the Pro-Treaty side during the civil war. He joined the Irish National Army and reached the rank of Commandant-Colonel
He died 13 December 1992. He is survived by two daughters and a son.
References
Irish Republican Army (1919–1922) members
1992 deaths
1900 births
Raemond Fitzgerald German (November 30, 1940 – September 21, 2021) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1965. He played previously at the University of Guelph, where he got a master's degree in agricultural mechanical engineering in 1966. In 2005, he was a project manager for the Jimmy Carter Habitat for Humanity program.
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Dzhanga (; Dargwa: Джангани) is a rural locality (a selo) in Gubdensky Selsoviet, Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,203 as of 2010. There are 9 streets.
Geography
Dzhanga is located 37 km southeast of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Siragi and Leninkent are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargin people live there.
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Abdulla Kurd (sometimes Abdullah Kurd, and also known as Abdullah al-Kurdi or Salahuddin), (born Doger Sevdet; 1977-2011), was a Kurdish Islamist militant fighting in Chechnya. Kurd was the top deputy to Saudi-born field commander Muhannad. Following Muhannad's capture and assassination near the village of Serzhen-Yurt on 21 April 2011, according to the Russian National Anti-Terrorist Committee, Kurd assumed Muhannad's position. Kurd was killed by Russian security forces in the Cheberloevsky area of Chechnya on 3 May 2011.
Early life and rebel activity
Little is known of Kurd's early life, but he is said to have been born in the Kurdish region of Turkey, probably in the Diyarbakır area. He would have traveled from his native village to the North Caucasus in 1999 after transiting through the Pankisi Gorge in Georgia. Russian intelligence claims that Kurd fought in the battalion of foreign fighters led by Ibn al-Khattab during the Second Chechen War, and was closely involved in planning and organizing large-scale acts of sabotage and terrorism throughout the region. Following Abu Hafs al-Urduni's death in 2006 and Muhannad's promotion to the post of Emir of foreign fighters in Chechnya, Kurd became deputy chief emissary for al-Qaeda in the North Caucasus, according to Russia's National Anti-terrorism Committee (NAK).
At his death Turkish and Georgian identity papers, belonging to "Cevdet Döger", were found in Kurd's baggage, which were released by the Russian Government soon afterwards. However, the Turkish and Georgian governments both stated that there was not such a person registered in their databases, which means that the documents are likely to be false. The indicated date of birth, 20 April 1977, also was very doubtful because this would mean that he joined the battle at his 14 year.
Death
Kurd was killed on 3 May 2011 in a special operation near the village of Sharo-Argun, in the Cheberloevsky area of Chechnya. According to the Russian NAK, a contingent of pro-Moscow Chechen Federal Security Service (FSB) troops along with Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs (MVD) forces conducting search and reconnaissance activities in forested, mountainous terrain came across Kurd and a Dagestani militant; both were killed in the ensuing skirmish.
A rebel account of Kurd's death released nearly two years later offered new information. According to Kavkaz Center, Russian forces located and surrounded a small rebel base acting on a tip from Beslan Algiriyev, an FSB plant in the militant ranks. Four fighters were present at the encampment: killed alongside Kurd was a 24-year-old Dagestani identified as Ramazan Bartiyev, while two others identified as Aburayk Yusupkhadzhiyev and Isa Vagapov were wounded but escaped the encirclement (only later to be killed alongside Khuseyn Gakayev in January 2013). Algiriyev's status as an agent of the FSB was eventually discovered, and he was executed on 22 August 2011.
Kurd's Turkish passport containing visas to Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Pakistan was recovered at the scene and later displayed via Russian news outlets.
See also
Chechen mujahideen
References
External links
: Russia sees vindication of its killing practices in the death of Osama bin Laden
1977 births
Turkish Kurdish people
Caucasus Emirate members
Foreign volunteers in Chechnya
2011 deaths
Islamic terrorism in Russia
Jens Gaiser (born August 15, 1978 in Baiersbronn) is a German nordic combined skier who has competed since 1998. He won a silver medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin in the 4 x 5 km team event. Gaiser also finished 19th in the 7.5 km sprint event at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.
Gaiser's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 31st in the 7.5 km sprint event at Ramsau in 1999. His best World Cup career finish was fourth in a 15 km individual event in Norway in 2001.
References
1978 births
Nordic combined skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
German male Nordic combined skiers
Living people
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Nordic combined Grand Prix winners
Olympic Nordic combined skiers of Germany
Olympic medalists in Nordic combined
Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Dennis Vial (born April 10, 1969) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Vial played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, and Ottawa Senators. He also played in the North American minor leagues and European leagues. He played defence and was known for his toughness.
Career
After playing with the Hamilton Steelhawks in the OHL for 3 years, Vial was drafted by the New York Rangers in the 6th round, 110th overall in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft. That year he went back to the OHL and played with the Niagara Falls Thunder, followed by a year with the Flint Spirits in the IHL for the 1989–1990 season, scoring 35 points in 79 games and registering 351 penalty minutes. Throughout this time Vial established himself as a hard hitting enforcer and defenceman and got the call up midway through the 1990–1991 season to join the Rangers. He played in 21 games before being traded to the Detroit Red Wings that same season, appearing in another 9 games. Vial then split the next two seasons between the Red Wings and the Adirondack Red Wings of the AHL.
Prior to the 1993–1994 season Vial was traded from the Red Wings to the Tampa Bay Lightning. He was left unprotected in the 1993 NHL Expansion Draft and was picked up by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim a few weeks later. Finally, in Phase II of the Expansion draft Vial was picked up by the Ottawa Senators, with whom he made his greatest NHL impact. With a Senators' lineup scarce in talent, Vial was able to make the team and play full-time, and in 1993-94 he was given the team's Frank Finnigan Award as its most improved player. He led the Senators in penalty minutes, major penalties, and fighting majors. Known as a fearless combatant, Vial's time in Ottawa was highlighted by a long, intense, and often bloody feud with Rob Ray of the divisional rival Buffalo Sabres.
Unfortunately, Vial's aggressive and all-out playing style resulted in many injuries throughout his career and he played in at least half of the games in a season only twice. His last season in the NHL was the 1997–1998 season.
For the next 7 seasons Vial played with a number of minor league teams including two years in England in the BISL. He retired following the 2004–2005 season where he played in the UHL with the Missouri River Otters and Richmond Riverdogs.
Vial remained the Ottawa Senators' all-time penalty minutes leader until being surpassed by Chris Neil.
British Ice Hockey League Brawl/Suspension
In 2001, while a member of the British Ice Hockey League's Sheffield Steelers, Vial incited a much publicized brawl against the Nottingham Panthers which resulted in the league handing out several suspensions totaling 28 games and fines worth £8,400 ($18,750). Vial was suspended for six games and fined £750 ($1,675 Cdn) for numerous offences, including instigating the brawl by cross-checking Nottingham's Greg Hadden, and squirting water at fans in the stands.
Britain's Press Association described the event, which escalated into a 36-man bench clearing brawl, as "one of the worst scenes of violence ever seen at a British ice hockey rink."
Other
Vial currently resides just outside Halifax, Nova Scotia. Vial is the brother-in-law of former player Norm Batherson and the uncle of professional ice hockey player Drake Batherson.
Career statistics
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Adirondack Red Wings players
Binghamton Rangers players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in England
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Chicago Wolves players
Columbia Inferno players
Detroit Red Wings players
Flint Spirits players
Franco-Ontarian people
Hamilton Steelhawks players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Missouri River Otters players
New York Rangers draft picks
New York Rangers players
Niagara Falls Thunder players
Ottawa Senators players
Richmond RiverDogs players
Sheffield Steelers players
Sportspeople from Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario
Pedrito, meaning "little Pedro" or "little Peter" in many Romance languages, may refer to:
People
Pedrito (footballer, born 1989), Spanish forward
Pedrito (footballer, born 1996), Spanish midfielder
Pedrito Reyes (fl. 1930s), Filipino writer, co-creator of the Kulafu comic strip
Pedrito Ríos, semi-mythical "drummer boy of Tacuarí"
Pedrito Sierra (born 1989), Puerto Rican volleyball player
Don Pedro Jaramillo (died 1907), curandero from the Mexico-Texas border region, known as "Don Pedrito"
Pedro Calvo, Cuban popular singer known as "Pedrito"
Pedro Fernández (singer) (born 1969), Mexican recording artist and actor, known as "Pedrito"
Pedro Ruiz Carrilero, a feridor for Circuit Bancaixa 05/06 a Spanish pilota team
Margarita Landi (1918–2004), Spanish journalist
Places
Dom Pedrito, a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil
Nazca (Buenos Aires Metro), a station on the Buenos Aires Metro, known as "San Pedrito"
San Pedrito Point, a headland at Todos los Santos, Baja California Sur
San Pedrito, a beach off San Pedrito Point
San Pedrito, a beach in Manzanillo Municipality, Colima, Mexico
San Pedrito, a shrine in the Macizo de Anaga mountains of the Canary Islands
Other uses
"Pedrito Chávez", a song by Dominican folk musician Ñico Lora
Pedrito el Drito, an Italian comic series
Puerto Rican tody, a bird known as "San Pedrito"
Saria, Burkina Faso is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,000.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Events from the year 1733 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: George II
Events
January – influenza epidemic.
June 25 – Ben and Samuel Burton's Dublin bank failure.
July 2 – completion of Dr Steevens' Hospital in Dublin.
October 24 – Incorporated Society in Dublin for Promoting English Protestant Schools is established to open Irish Charter Schools.
Arts and literature
Samuel Madden publishes Memoirs of the Twentieth Century.
Births
June 11 – Peter Russell, gambler, government official, politician and judge in Upper Canada (d. 1808)
August 1 – Richard Kirwan, scientist (d. 1812)
Full date unknown
Patrick (or William) "Staker" Wallace, a leader of the United Irishmen (d. 1798)
Deaths
February – Séamas Dall Mac Cuarta, poet (b. c.1647?)
December 7 – Edward Lovett Pearce, architect (b. 1699)
References
Years of the 18th century in Ireland
1730s in Ireland
This is a list of New Zealand rugby union players who have played for the New Zealand national rugby sevens team.
The team is one of the most successful rugby sevens teams of all time. The team was coached for many years by Gordon Tietjens. As of 26 November 2011, 37 of these players have gone on to be All Blacks. The side has won 4 Gold Medals and were undefeated in the Commonwealth Games until 2014.
On 24 March 2011, Coach Tietjens picked his 'fantasy team' composed of the best players he believes to have played for New Zealand.
List
References
External links
Allblacks.com
Rugby sevens
Sevens
Luminosa Bogliolo (born 3 July 1995) is an Italian hurdler who won a gold medal at the 2019 Summer Universiade and a silver medal at the 2018 Mediterranean Games.
In 2020 Bogliolo, winning BAUHAUS-galan in Stockholm, became the first Italian female in history to win a stage in the Diamond League. She competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics, in 100 m hurdles.
Biography
Her explosion in 2018
In 2018, establishing her Personal Best on 100 metres hurdles with 12.99, at 23 May 2018 had reached the 13th place in the seasonal European lists, thus obtaining the EAA standard and the selection for the 2018 European Athletics Championships.
In September she won in Pescara her first national championship. She is engaged to the hurdler Lorenzo Perini.
2019: nine times under 12.90 seconds
She has also obtained two other results under 13 seconds, but with a wind higher than the norm of +2.0 mps.
2021 the Olympic year
The outdoor season start on 13 May in Savona, Italy with 12,84 another results under 12.90.
National record
100 metres hurdles: 12.75 - Tokyo, 1 August 2021
Personal Best
100 metres hurdles: 12.75 - Tokyo, 1 August 2021
60 metres hurdles: 8.10 - Ancona, 16 February 2019
Achievements
National titles
Bogliolo won five national championships at individual senior level.
Italian Athletics Championships
100 m hurdles: 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 (4)
Italian Athletics Indoor Championships
60 m hurdles: 2019 (1)
See also
Italian all-time lists - 100 metres hurdles
Italy at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Notes
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Albenga
Italian female hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Athletics competitors of Fiamme Oro
Italian Athletics Championships winners
Universiade gold medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade gold medalists for Italy
Competitors at the 2017 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
Sportspeople from the Province of Savona
20th-century Italian women
21st-century Italian women
The Gallops () is a stop on the Luas light-rail tram system in Dún Laoghaire - Rathdown, south of Dublin, Ireland. It opened in 2010 as a stop on the extension of the Green Line south from Sandyford to Brides Glen. The stop provides access to the nearby village of Stepaside.
Location and access
The stop is located at the side of Ballyogan Road. To the south of the stop, the line continues in a section of reserved track next to the road. To the north, the track curves along Murphystown Way.
References
Luas Green Line stops in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Railway stations opened in 2010
2010 establishments in Ireland
The Social Life of Information is a 2000 book by John Seely Brown (the former Chief Scientist of Xerox Corporation and director of Xerox PARC) and Paul Duguid
(Adjunct professor at the UC Berkeley School of Information), which discusses recently developed practices in the transmission of information in social and business contexts.
The authors argue that information technology needs to be considered in a broad context that includes the entirety of society and social resources, in contrast to the narrow focus on information that tends to be the framework of such technology – what the authors criticize as "tunnel design". That is, increased technological delivery of information does not in and of itself contribute to a better future. The text, in part, analyzes examples of the office world's adoption of technology, offering a differentiated rather than an unquestioningly affirmative view of the effects.
User agents
Serving as an early example of the ambiguous utility of software to human, the authors discuss software known as autonomous agents which manipulate information. Different forms of such agents include information broker, product brokering, merchant brokering, and negotiation. The authors use an example of information brokering using the Macintosh program named Sherlock that searched for the word "knobot" via the Internet. Product brokering would be an example of an online bookstore sending a person an email about a book for sale based on the previous types of books the customer bought. Merchant brokering, now widely practiced, consists of finding the best price for a product. For example, eBay allows users, not necessarily in the same location, to buy new, used, or refurbished products through an auction, at a fixed price, or through negotiation.
This book has been republished in 2002 with a new introduction, by the Harvard Business School Press.
Reviews
Reviews of the book from professional journals include:
Gleason, Sandra (Summer 2001). Planning for Higher Education. 29(4): pp. 38-39.
O'Malley, Lisa (2002), in Journal of Marketing. 66(4): pp. 124-127. .
Watson-Boone, Peter (2001), in Portal: Libraries and the Academy. 1(2): pp. 180-12. .
The Library Quarterly. 2001. 71(1): pp. 94-95.
See also
Knowledge management
John Seely Brown
Information ecology
Information society
Notes
References
Information science
2000 non-fiction books
Finn Døssing Jensen (27 April 1941 – 24 June 2022) was a Danish footballer who played as a centre forward. He began his career with Viborg FF and represented the Denmark under-21 team before joining Dundee United in 1964. He scored 76 goals in 115 appearances for the Scottish club before returning to Denmark to finish his career with Aalborg BK. He was inducted into the Dundee United Hall of Fame in 2008.
Career
Club
Døssing was born in Viborg, Jutland and started his career with his hometown club Viborg FF in 1958, aged 17. With the help of Jack Johnson, a former manager of B 1913, Døssing got in contact with Dundee United. He played a trial match for the club, scoring all four goals in a 4–0 win. In December 1964, he signed his first professional contract, and moved to Dundee United under manager Jerry Kerr.
United had made a poor start to the 1964–65 First Division season and appeared to be heading towards relegation until Kerr took a gamble in bringing some of the first foreigners to play in Scotland. Døssing scored 21 goals in only 19 matches during his first season, helping the club move into mid-table security that year. From December 1964 to March 1965, he scored in 13 consecutive league games.
The following season, Døssing scored 25 goals, helping United to finish in fifth place in the league and qualify for European competition for the first time. Injury would limit Døssing's involvement in United's 1966–67 Fairs Cup campaign, keeping him out of both victories against FC Barcelona and the first game against Juventus. In the home leg against the Italian club, he returned to score the game's only goal.
Døssing left Dundee United after three years, having scored 76 goals in 115 appearances, returning to Denmark to play for Aalborg BK. According to the Danish rules of amateurism, Døssing was dictated a half year quarantine before he was eligible to play in the Danish championship. He entered an AaB team which had not won in their first eight matches, and helped the club finish in mid-table. Days before the opening of the 1969 season, Døssing decided to leave AaB, moving back to Viborg to run his own gents' outfitters business.
International
Døssing played a number of Danish national youth team matches, and made his debut for the Denmark under-21 national team in September 1963. He never played a senior national team match; turning professional with Dundee United effectively banned him from the strictly amateur Denmark national team.
Later life and death
Døssing retained an association with Dundee United by his membership of the ArabTRUST (the club's supporters trust), and one of the Federation of Dundee United Supporters' Clubs, in Argyll, was named after him. When Dundee United launched a club Hall of Fame in 2008, he was one of the first players to be inducted.
Døssing died on 24 June 2022, at the age of 81.
References
Sources
External links
AaB Oldtimers profile
Døssing Outfitters
1941 births
2022 deaths
People from Viborg Municipality
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
Danish footballers
Association football forwards
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Viborg FF players
Dundee United F.C. players
AaB Fodbold players
Dallas Tornado players
Scottish Football League players
United Soccer Association players
Danish expatriate footballers
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Ebenezer Shoobridge (1820–1901) was an Australian politician. He represented the Electoral district of New Norfolk in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from the 1882 election until he was defeated at the 1886 election.
Shoobridge was born at Maidstone, Kent, England in 1820. His father William Shoobridge moved his family to Van Diemen's Land in 1822, traveling on the Denmark Hill.
Shoobridge was married three times. He married Charlotte Giblin in 1841. She died in January 1879. He then married Annie Paxton (née Bruce) in July 1880. She died in April 1886 and he next married Louisa Caroline Collins-Harvey in August 1886.
Two of Shoobridge's sons later sat in the Tasmanian Parliament. William Shoobridge represented the Labor Party in Franklin and Wilmot in the House of Assembly. Louis Shoobridge Sr. was the independent member for Derwent in the Legislative Council.
References
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly
1820 births
1901 deaths
19th-century Australian politicians
The 1968 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 1968 NCAA University Division football season. In their fifth season under head coach Tommy Hudspeth, the Cougars compiled a 2–8 record (1–5 against WAC opponents), finished seventh in the WAC, and were outscored by a total of 247 to 179.
Schedule
Roster
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
The Millions are an online literary magazine created by C. Max Magee in 2003. It contains articles about literary topics and book reviews.
The Millions have several regular contributors as well as frequent guest appearances by literary notables, including Margaret Atwood, John Banville, Elif Batuman, Aimee Bender, Sarah Shun-lien Bynum, Michael Cunningham, Charles D'Ambrosio, Helen DeWitt, Junot Diaz, Emma Donoghue, Geoff Dyer, Jennifer Egan, Deborah Eisenberg, Nathan Englander, Jeffrey Eugenides, Joshua Ferris, Charles Finch, Jonathan Safran Foer, Rivka Galchen, William H. Gass, Keith Gessen, Dana Goodyear, Lauren Groff, Garth Risk Hallberg, Chad Harbach, Hari Kunzru, Jonathan Lethem, Philip Levine, Sam Lipsyte, Fiona Maazel, Ben Marcus, Colum McCann, Elizabeth McCracken, Rick Moody, Sigrid Nunez, Meghan O'Rourke, Susan Orlean, Alex Ross, Marco Roth, George Saunders, David Shields, Lionel Shriver, Zadie Smith, Lorin Stein, and Wells Tower.
The name was chosen as a play on Magee's name, Maximilian, and because Magee thought the site would be millions of interesting things. In 2011 the blog released between three and four reviews per week. According to the scholar Sebastian Domsch, "The postings reveal the characteristic mixture of a very strong emphasis on personal experiences and viewpoints on the one side and an extensive practice of intertextual opening up by way of hyperlinks on the other." The Sudbury Stars Jessica Watts wrote, "My favourite part of this site is the feature The Future of the Book, which includes a number of articles looking at the rise of the digital age and the increase in use of digital books and media (of particular interest for me, someone working in a library".
The Millions posted an open letter to the Swedish Academy in 2011 asking it to "stop the nonsense and give Philip Roth a Nobel Prize for Literature before he dies."
In 2019 The Millions was acquired by Publishers Weekly.
References
External links
The Millions, official site.
American literature websites
Internet properties established in 2003
2003 establishments in the United States
The 2000 Cyprus International Tournament was an winter international football friendly tournament held in Cyprus, between 2 and 6 February 2000.
Besides the host nation Cyprus, Lithuania, Romania, Lativa, Slovakia, Georgia, Armenia and Moldova participated in the tournament.
Contests were held among the losers of the quarterfinal matches to determine the fifth to eighth places.
Matches
Consolation tournament
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
Winner
Consolation tournament
Semi-finals
Seventh place match
Fifth place match
Statistics
Goalscorers
See also
China Cup
Malta International Football Tournament
References
External links
Cyprus International Tournament 2000
1999–2000 in Cypriot football
1999–2000 in Romanian football
International association football competitions hosted by Cyprus
Trek Nation is a 2011 documentary film directed by Scott Colthorp examining the positive impact that Star Trek and creator Gene Roddenberry may have had on people's lives as seen through the eyes of his son, Eugene "Rod" Roddenberry, Jr. It includes interviews with castmembers and crew from all five-Star Trek incarnations as well as with various fans and celebrities who were markedly influenced by the show while growing up. Rod Roddenberry also visits Skywalker Ranch to learn about the influence Star Trek had on George Lucas. The film premiered on November 30, 2011 on Science.
Production
The documentary was conceived in 2001, although Rod Roddenberry said in interviews that the concept began with the death of his father, Gene Roddenberry, in 1991. He stated that the film was based on discovering his father rather than Star Trek in general. It was shot by Rod Roddenberry between 2001 and 2010, he said that "I'd never done a documentary before. This was 10 years of trying to figure out what to do. We made mistakes all the way." Trek Nation was produced by Roddenberry Entertainment and New Animal Productions, with Roddenberry, Trevor Roth and Nicole Rittenmeyer as executive producers.
It was created as an antithesis to the 1997 documentary Trekkies, and was intended not to concentrate as heavily on costumed fans of Star Trek.
Trek Nation was first broadcast in the United States on the television channel Science on November 30, 2011. It was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on the channel Quest on July 29, 2012.
Reception
John Tenuto of TrekNews.net wrote " it is rare that after 45 years, any Star Trek documentary could present surprising information or genuine emotional content considering all that has preceded it. Trek Nation achieves both results." Jana J. Monji of RogerEbert.com described it as a "somewhat indulgent documentary".
Home media
The documentary was released as two disc DVDs on 9 July 2013.
References
External links
Trek Nation on YouTube
Actor Wil Wheaton elaborating on his participation in the documentary
Star Trek fandom
2011 television films
2011 films
2011 documentary films
Documentary films about Star Trek
Perpendicular Gothic (also Perpendicular, Rectilinear, or Third Pointed) architecture was the third and final style of English Gothic architecture developed in the Kingdom of England during the Late Middle Ages, typified by large windows, four-centred arches, straight vertical and horizontal lines in the tracery, and regular arch-topped rectangular panelling. Perpendicular was the prevailing style of Late Gothic architecture in England from the 14th century to the 17th century. Perpendicular was unique to the country: no equivalent arose in Continental Europe or elsewhere in the British Isles. Of all the Gothic architectural styles, Perpendicular was the first to experience a second wave of popularity from the 18th century on in Gothic Revival architecture.
The pointed arches used in Perpendicular were often four-centred arches, allowing them to be rather wider and flatter than in other Gothic styles. Perpendicular tracery is characterized by mullions that rise vertically as far as the soffit of the window, with horizontal transoms frequently decorated with miniature crenellations. Blind panels covering the walls continued the strong straight lines of verticals and horizontals established by the tracery. Together with flattened arches and roofs, crenellations, hood mouldings, lierne vaulting, and fan vaulting were the typical stylistic features.
The first Perpendicular style building was designed in by William de Ramsey: a chapter house for Old St Paul's Cathedral, the cathedral of the bishop of London. The chancel of Gloucester Cathedral () and its latter 14th-century cloisters are early examples. Four-centred arches were often used, and lierne vaults seen in early buildings were developed into fan vaults, first at the latter 14th-century chapter house of Hereford Cathedral (demolished 1769) and cloisters at Gloucester, and then at Reginald Ely's King's College Chapel, Cambridge (1446–1461) and the brothers William and Robert Vertue's Henry VII Chapel () at Westminster Abbey.
The architect and art historian Thomas Rickman's Attempt to Discriminate the Style of Architecture in England, first published in 1812, divided Gothic architecture in the British Isles into three stylistic periods. The third and final style – Perpendicular – Rickman characterised as mostly belonging to buildings built from the reign of Richard II () to that of Henry VIII (). From the 15th century, under the House of Tudor, the prevailing Perpendicular style is commonly known as Tudor architecture, being ultimately succeeded by Elizabethan architecture and Renaissance architecture under Elizabeth I (). Rickman had excluded from his scheme most new buildings after Henry VIII's reign, calling the style of "additions and rebuilding" in the later 16th and earlier 17th centuries "often much debased".
Perpendicular followed the Decorated Gothic (or Second Pointed) style and preceded the arrival of Renaissance elements in Tudor and Elizabethan architecture. As a Late Gothic style contemporary with Flamboyant in France and elsewhere in Europe, the heyday of Perpendicular is traditionally dated from 1377 until 1547, or from the beginning of the reign of Richard II to the beginning the reign of Edward VI. Though the style rarely appeared on the European continent, it was dominant in England until the mid-16th century.
History
In 1906 William Lethaby, Surveyor of the Fabric of Westminster Abbey, proposed that the origin of the Perpendicular style was to be found not in 14th-century Gloucester, as was traditionally argued, but in London, where the court of the House of Plantagenet was based at Westminster Palace beside Westminster Abbey. The cathedral of London, the episcopal see of the third-most senior bishop in the Church of England, was then Old St Paul's Cathedral. According to the architectural historian John Harvey, the octagonal chapter house of St Paul's, built about 1332 by William Ramsey for the cathedral canons, was the earliest example of Perpendicular Gothic. Alec Clifton-Taylor agreed that St Paul's chapter house and St Stephen's Chapel at Westminster Palace predate the early Perpendicular work at Gloucester. In the early 21st century the outline of the foundations of the chapter house was made visible in the redeveloped south churchyard of the present 17th-century cathedral.
The chapter house at St Paul's was built under the direction of William de Ramsey, who had worked on earlier phases of the still-unfinished St Stephens's Chapel. Ramsey extended the stone mullions of the windows downwards on the walls. At the top of each window he made a four-centred arch which became a distinctive feature of Perpendicular. Along with rest of Old St Paul's, the chapter house was destroyed by the Great Fire of London in 1666.
Elements of early Perpendicular are also known from St Stephen's Chapel at Westminster Palace, a palatine chapel built by King Edward I'm following the model of Sainte-Chapelle at the Palais de la Cité in medieval Paris. It was built in phases over a long period, from 1292 until 1348, though today only the crypt still exists. The architect of the early building was Michael of Canterbury, followed in 1323 by his son Thomas. One of the original decorative features was a kind of blind tracery; blank vertical panels with cusped, or angular tops in the interior; and, on the exterior, thin stone mullions or ribs extending downward below the windows creating perpendicular spaces. These became the most characteristic feature of the style.
The earliest Perpendicular in a major church is the choir of Gloucester Cathedral (1337–50) constructed when the south transept and choir of the then Benedictine abbey church (Gloucester was not a bishopric until after the Dissolution of the Monasteries) were rebuilt in 1331–1350. It was likely the work of one of the royal architects, either William de Ramsey, who had worked on the London cathedral chapter house, or Thomas of Canterbury, who was architect to the king when the transept of Gloucester Cathedral was begun. The architect preserved the original 11th-century walls, covering them with Flamboyant mullions and panels. The east window of Gloucester choir has a Tudor arch, filling the wall with glass. The window tracery matches the tracery on the walls.
The Henry VII Chapel at Westminster Abbey is a major example of the late Perpendicular style, with its walls of glass and elaborate fan vaults. Another important example is St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, begun in 1475. The vault of the chapel was contracted to the master-mason John Aylmer in 1506.
Characteristics
Towers were exceptionally tall, and frequently had battlements. Spires were less frequent than in earlier periods. Buttresses were often placed at the corners of the tower, the best position for providing maximum support. Notable Perpendicular towers include those of York Minster and Gloucester Cathedral, and the churches of Boston, Warwickshire and Wrexham, Taunton.
Stained glass windows were so large that the walls between were reduced to little more than piers. Horizontal mullions, called "transoms", often had to be added to the windows to give them greater stability.
Tracery was a major feature of decoration. In the larger churches, the entire surface from ground to summit, including the battlements, was covered with panels of tracery composed of thin stone mullions. It also appeared frequently in the interior, and often carried the designs in the window tracery down to the floor.
Roofs were frequently made of lead, and usually had a gentle slope, to make them easier for walking. The roof timbers on the interior were often exposed to view from below, and had ornamental supports.
Vaults of stone were frequently elaborate and highly decorative such as fan vaulting. The increased weight of the vaults caused by the ornament was countered by larger buttresses on the exterior.
Columns were generally circular in section, with octagonal bases and capitals. The capitals were usually decorated with moulded or carved oak leaves, or with corbels of shields or armorial symbols, or with the Tudor rose.
Fourth-centred arches or Tudor arches were commonly used in windows and tracery and for vaults and doorways.
The interiors had very rich carved woodwork, particularly in the choir stalls, which often featured carved grotesque figures on the bench ends called "poppy heads", from .
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Ducher, Robert, Caractéristique des Styles, (1988), Flammarion, Paris (in French);
English Gothic architecture
Gothic architecture in England
Gothic architecture in the United Kingdom
14th-century architecture
15th-century architecture
16th-century architecture
England in the High Middle Ages
Architecture of England
Gothic architecture
Ghanaian cuisine is the cuisine of the Ghanaian people. Ghanaian main dishes are organized around a starchy staple food, which goes with a sauce or soup containing a protein source. The main ingredients for the vast majority of soups and stews are tomatoes, hot peppers and onions. As a result, most of the Ghanaian soups and stews are red or orange in appearance.
Main staple foods
The typical staple foods in the southern part of Ghana include cassava and plantain. In the northern part, the main staple foods include millet and sorghum. Yam, maize and beans are used across Ghana as staple foods. Sweet potatoes and cocoyam are also important in the Ghanaian diet and cuisine. With the advent of globalization, cereals such as rice and wheat have been increasingly incorporated into Ghanaian cuisine. The foods below represent Ghanaian dishes made out of these staple foods.
Foods made with maize
Akple, a traditional meal of the Ewe, is made with corn flour and can be eaten with pepper sauces, stews or any soup. It is typically served with okra soup (fetridetsi) or herring stew (abɔbitadi). Akple is never prepared in the same way as banku. An important distinguishing factor between the two products is that banku requires the use of a special preformulated watery material called "Slightly-Fermented Corn-Cassava Dough Mix", cooked to a soft solid consistency of "Corn-Cassava Dough AFLATA", en route to a soft form of Banku with further cooking, and the "Slightly-Fermented Corn-Cassava Dough Mix" is never 'the signature material' of any form of the Akple product.
Banku was formulated by the Ga Dangme (or Ga) tribe of the Greater Accra Region, as a slight deviation from the process of preparation of Ga-Kenkey, requiring a different manipulation of 'THE AFLATA' mixed with cassava dough, but unlike Ga-Kenkey it does not require the use of corn husk. One particular Major-Clan of the GaDangme (or Ga) tribe is credited with the original recipe of the banku meal even though it may be argued among the major clans. Sometimes only cornflour is used but in many areas cassava dough is cooked together with the fermented corn dough.
Mmore is cooked fermented corn dough without cassava, prepared like banku among the Akan people.
Kenkey/komi/dokonu is fermented corn dough, wrapped in corn originating from the Ga who call it komi or Ga kenkey. Another variety originating from the Fanti people is Fante dokono or Fanti kenkey which is wrapped with plantain leaves that give it a different texture, flavour and colour as compared to the Ga kenkey. Both are boiled for long periods into consistent solid balls.
Tuo zaafi is a millet, sorghum or maize dish originating from Northern Ghana.
Fonfom is a maize dish popular in south-western Ghana.
Foods made with rice
Waakye—a dish of rice and beans with a purple-brown color. The color comes from the indigenous grass Sorghum bicolor. This side dish bears striking similarities to West Indian rice and peas. The rice is cooked and steamed with an indigenous leaf, coconut and a pulse such as black-eyed peas or kidney beans.
Omo Tuo/Rice ball—sticky mashed rice, normally eaten with groundnut soup.
Plain rice—boiled rice accompanies many of the variety of red stews.
Jollof rice—rice cooked in a stew consisting of stock, tomatoes, spices, and meat boiled together. This dish originated from the Djolof traders from Senegal who settled in the Zongos before the colonial period. Adapted for local Ghanaian tastes, it is typically eaten with goat, lamb, chicken or beef that has been stewed, roasted or grilled.
Fried rice—Chinese-style fried rice adapted to Ghanaian tastes.
Angwa moo—also referred to as "oiled rice". This is unlike fried rice which you cook the rice before frying. Oiled rice is cooked by first onion-frying the oil, then adding water after the onions have browned, giving the rice a different fragrance. The rice is then cooked in the water-oil mixture, to give the rice an oily feel when ready. It may be cooked with vegetables or minced meat, added to taste. It is mostly served with earthenware-ground pepper, with either tinned sardines or fried eggs complementing it.
Ngwo moo (palm rice)—an alternative to the oiled rice, cooked with palm oil instead of cooking oil. The taste is determined by the type of palm oil used.
Foods made with cassava
Kokonte or abete—from dried peeled cassava powder usually served alongside groundnut soup, consisting of a variety of meat such as tripe, lamb, or smoked served
Fufu—pounded cassava and plantain, pounded yam and plantain, or pounded cocoyam/taro. This side dish is always accompanied by one of the many varieties of Ghanaian soups.
Gari—made from cassava. Often served with Red red, a fish and black-eyed pea stew, or shito and fish.
Attiéké or Akyeke—made from cassava and popular among the Ahanta, Nzema and Akan-speaking people of the Ivory Coast.
Plakali—made from cassava and popular among the Ahanta, Nzema and Akan-speaking people of the Ivory Coast.
Foods made with beans
A deviation to the starch and stew combination are Red red and tubaani, primarily based on vegetable protein (beans). Red red is a popular Ghanaian bean and fish stew served with fried ripe plantain and often accompanied with gari, fish and pulses. It earns its name from the palm oil that tints the bean stew and the bright orange color of the fried ripe plantain. Tubaani is a boiled bean cake, called moin moin in Nigeria.
Foods made with yam
Ampesie—boiled yam. It may also be made with plantain, cocoyam, potatoes, yams or cassava. This side dish is traditionally eaten with fish stew containing tomatoes, oil and spices.
Yam fufu—fufu made with yam instead of cassava or plantain or cocoyam, this soft dough is traditionally eaten with Ghanaian soup. It is popular in Northern and southeastern Ghana.
Mpotompoto (yam casserole or porridge)—slices of yam cooked with much water and pepper, onions, tomatoes, salt and preferred seasoning.
Soups and stews
Most Ghanaian side dishes are served with a stew, soup or mako (a spicy condiment made from raw red and green chilies, onions and tomatoes (pepper sauce). Ghanaian stews and soups are quite sophisticated, with liberal and delicate use of exotic ingredients, a wide variety of flavours, spices and textures.
Vegetables such as palm nuts, peanuts, cocoyam leaves, ayoyo, spinach, wild mushroom, okra, garden eggs (eggplant), tomatoes and various types of pulses are the main ingredients in Ghanaian soups and stews and in the case of pulses, may double as the main protein ingredient.
Beef, pork, goat, lamb, chicken, smoked turkey, tripe, dried snails, and fried fish are common sources of protein in Ghanaian soups and stews, sometimes mixing different types of meat and occasionally fish into one soup. Soups are served as a main course rather than a starter. It is also common to find smoked meat, fish and seafood in Ghanaian soups and stews.
They include crab, shrimp, periwinkles, octopus, snails, grubs, duck, offal, and pig's trotters. Also oysters.
Meat, mushrooms and seafood may be smoked, salted or dried for flavour enhancement and preservation. Salt fish is widely used to flavour fish based stews. Spices such as thyme, garlic, onions, ginger, peppers, curry, basil, nutmeg, sumbala, Tetrapleura tetraptera (prekese) and bay leaf are delicately used to achieve the exotic and spicy flavours that characterize Ghanaian cuisine.
Palm oil, coconut oil, shea butter, palm kernel oil and peanut oil are important Ghanaian oils used for cooking or frying and may sometimes not be substituted for in certain Ghanaian dishes. For example, using palm oil in okro stew, eto, fante fante, red red or Gabeans, egusi stew and mpihu/mpotompoto (similar to poi). Coconut oil, palm kernel oil and shea butter have lost their popularity for cooking in Ghana due to the introduction of refined oils and negative Ghanaian media adverts targeted at those oils. They are now mostly used in few traditional homes, for soap making and by commercial (street food) food vendors as a cheaper substitute to refined cooking oils.
Common Ghanaian soups are groundnut soup, light (tomato) soup, kontomire (taro leaves) soup, palm nut soup, ayoyo soup and okra soup.
Ghanaian tomato stew or gravy is a stew that is often served with rice or waakye. Other vegetable stews are made with kontomire, garden eggs, egusi (pumpkin seeds), spinach, okra, etc.
Breakfast
Most of the dishes mentioned above are served during lunch and supper in modern Ghana. However, those engaged in manual labour and a large number of urban dwellers still eat these foods for breakfast and will usually buy them from the streets.
Another popular breakfast is called huasa koko (northern porridge). It is usually prepared in Northern Ghana, sweet, and often eaten with koose or bread with groundnut.
In large Ghanaian cities, working-class people would often take fruit, tea, chocolate drink, oats, rice porridge/cereal(locally called rice water) or kooko (fermented maize porridge) and koose/akara or maasa (beans, ripe plantain and maize meal fritters). Other breakfast foods include grits, tombrown (roasted maize porridge), and millet porridge.
Bread is an important feature in Ghanaian breakfast and baked foods. Ghanaian bread, which is known for its good quality, is baked with wheat flour and sometimes cassava flour is added for an improved texture. There are four major types of bread in Ghana. They are tea bread (similar to the baguette), sugar bread (which is a sweet bread), brown (whole wheat) bread, and butter bread. Rye bread, oat bread and malt bread are also quite common.
Sweet foods
There are many sweet local foods which have been marginalized due to their low demand and long preparation process. Ghanaian sweet foods (or confectionery) may be fried, barbecued, boiled, roasted, baked or steamed.
Fried sweet foods include cubed and spiced ripe plantain (kelewele) sometimes served with peanuts. Koose made from peeled beans (and its close twin acarajé or akara made from beans which are not peeled), maasa, pinkaaso, and bofrot/Puff-puff (made from wheat flour); waakye dzowey and nkate cake (made from peanuts); kaklo and tatale (ripe plantain fritters); kube cake and kube toffee (made from coconut); bankye krakro, gari biscuit, and krakye ayuosu (made from cassava); condensed milk, toffee, plantain chips (or fried plantain) and wagashi (fried farmer's cheese) are fried Ghanaian savory foods (confectionery).
Kebabs are popular barbecues and can be made from beef, goat, pork, soy flour, sausages and guinea fowl. Other roasted savoury foods include roasted plantain, maize, yam and cocoyam.
Steamed fresh maize, yakeyake, kafa, akyeke, tubani, moimoi (bean cake), emo dokonu (rice cake) and esikyire dokonu (sweetened kenkey) are all examples of steamed and boiled foods whilst sweet bread, (plantain cake), and meat pie similar to Jamaican patties and empanadas are baked savoury foods. Aprapransa, eto (mashed yam) and atadwe milk (tiger nut juice) are other savory foods. Gari soakings is a modern favorite. It is a blend of gari (dried, roasted cassava), sugar, groundnut (peanut) and milk.
Beverages
In southern Ghana, Ghanaian drinks such as asaana (made from fermented maize) are common. Along Lake Volta and in southern Ghana, palm wine extracted from the palm tree can be found, but it ferments quickly and then it is used to distill akpeteshie (a local gin). Akpeteshie can be distilled from molasses too. In addition, a beverage can be made from kenkey and refrigerated into what is in Ghana known as ice kenkey. In northern Ghana, bisaab/sorrel, toose and lamujee (a spicy sweetened drink) are common non-alcoholic beverages whereas pitoo (a local beer made of fermented millet) is an alcoholic beverage.
In urban areas of Ghana drinks may include fruit juice, cocoa drinks, fresh coconut water, yogurt, ice cream, carbonated drinks, malt drinks and soy milk. In addition, Ghanaian distilleries produce alcoholic beverages from cocoa, malt, sugar cane, local medicinal herbs and tree barks. They include bitters, liqueur, dry gins, beer, and aperitifs.
Street foods in Ghana
Street food is very popular in both rural and urban areas of Ghana. Most Ghanaian families eat at least three times a week from street food vendors, from whom all kinds of foods can be bought, including staple foods such as kenkey, red red and waakye. Other savoury foods such as raw steak, boiled corn cob, boflot (bo-float) and roasted plantain are sold mainly by street food vendors.
Ice kenkey is a popular chilled dessert sold by street vendors in open-air markets.
Common Ghanaian dishes
See also
Chop bar
West African cuisine
List of African cuisines
La Tante DC10 Restaurant
References
Further reading
There are a some cookbooks which concentrate on Ghanaian food, including the following.
Osseo-Asare, Fran and Baeta, Barbara. 2018. The Ghana cookbook. Hippocrene Books. ISBN 978-0781813433
External links
Ghanaian food on Ghanaweb.com
West African cuisine
Rhamnus persica is a species of plant in the family Rhamnaceae.
References
persica
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
The First Cabinet of Mateusz Morawiecki formed the previous government of Poland between 2017 and 2019, following Szydło's cabinet. Governing during the 8th legislature of the Sejm and the 9th legislature of the Senate, it was led by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
Members of the Council of Ministers
Policy
History Law
In early 2018, both chambers of the Polish parliament (the Sejm and Senate) adopted an Amendment to the Act on the Institute of National Remembrance criminalising the ascription to Poles collectively of complicity in World War II Jewish-genocide-related or other war crimes or crimes against humanity that had been committed by the Axis powers, and condemning use of the expression, "Polish death camp". The law sparked a crisis in Israel–Poland relations.
Social
In March 2018 a new Polish law took effect, banning nearly all commerce on Sundays, with supermarkets and most other retailers closed Sundays for the first time since liberal shopping laws were introduced in the 1990s. The law had been passed by the Law and Justice party with Morawiecki's support. The Bill had the support of Solidarity which In 2017, backed a proposal to implement blue laws to prohibit Sunday shopping, a move supported by Polish bishops.
External links
Government composition
References
Polish government cabinets
History of Poland (1989–present)
Law and Justice
2017 establishments in Poland
Cabinets established in 2017
Poecilasthena inhaesa is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Fiji.
References
Moths described in 1934
Poecilasthena
Moths of Fiji
Augustus Schell (August 1, 1812 – March 27, 1884) was a New York politician and lawyer. He was Chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1872 to 1876.
Early life
Schell was born on August 1, 1812, in Rhinebeck, New York. He was the son of Christian Schell (1779–1825), a merchant, and Elizabeth (née Hughes) Schell (1783–1866). He was the brother of U.S. Representative Richard Schell (1810–1879), Robert Schell (1815–1900), and Edward Schell (1819–1893), who were well-known businessmen of New York City.
His paternal grandparents were Richard Schell and Anna (née Schultz) Schell.
He was educated at Rhinebeck Academy and Wesleyan Seminary. He was graduated in 1830 from Union College with Phi Beta Kappa honors and membership in the Kappa Alpha Society, and then studied at Litchfield Law School.
Career
He was admitted to the bar in 1833, and started a practice in New York City at the firm of John Slossom, later forming a firm with Slossom in 1842. He started out as an early expert in the then new field of corporate law and through his profession became active in railroad management. A friend of Cornelius Vanderbilt, he gradually expanded his railroad connections through investments as well as legal counsel.
He was a director in many railroad and financial corporations, including the Harlem Railroad, Lake Shore and Michigan Central, and Hudson River Railroads as well as the Western Union Telegraph Company. He was also active in the management of philanthropic institutions, including 19 years as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the New-York Historical Society.
Political career
An active Democrat, he joined Tammany Hall in 1852 where, after William M. Tweed's fall, he succeeded August Belmont, Sr. as Grand Sachem in 1870. He was head of the Democratic state committee from 1853 to 1856. In the 1852, he was proposed as the Democratic candidate for Governor of New York, although he lost the nomination to Horatio Seymour, who was elected Governor.
During the administration of President James Buchanan, he was collector of the Port of New York.
He was chairman of the Democratic National Committee that supported John C. Breckinridge for the presidency in 1860 and also from 1872 to 1876, where he managed Horace Greeley's presidential campaign. In 1872, he was name was again put forth for the nomination for Democratic candidate for Governor, but he was prevented by the work of Samuel Jones Tilden, who was then the Chairman of the New York State Democratic Committee. After the trial of William M. Tweed and his associates, Schell became the Grand Sachem of Tammany Hall and labored for the purification and rehabilitation of the Tammany society. In 1878, he was an unsuccessful candidate for mayor.
Personal life
Schell was married to Anna Mott Fox (1827–1905), the daughter of George Shotwell Fox and Rebecca Leggett Fox. At his death, he was worth several million dollars, but having had no children, he left all of his money to his nieces and nephews, except for $200,000 in cash and his home at 9 West 34th Street in New York to his wife, the aunt of Austen George Fox.
He died on March 27, 1884 from Bright's disease. He was buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx.
Legacy
Augustus Schell is the namesake of Schell City, Missouri, of which he was one of the original proprietors.
References
Notes
Sources
Bio from PictureHistory
Memoir of the Hon. Augustus Schell. 1884. Francis Schell, author.
External links
1812 births
1884 deaths
19th-century American railroad executives
Deaths from kidney disease
Democratic National Committee chairs
Leaders of Tammany Hall
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) lawyers
People from Rhinebeck, New York
Union College (New York) alumni
Litchfield Law School alumni
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York)
Presidents of the Saint Nicholas Society of the City of New York
19th-century American lawyers
Egalitarian equivalence (EE) is a criterion of fair division.
In an egalitarian-equivalent division, there exists a certain "reference bundle" such that each agent feels that his/her share is equivalent to .
The EE fairness principle is usually combined with Pareto efficiency. A PEEEA is an allocation that is both Pareto efficient and egalitarian-equivalent.
Definition
A set of resources are divided among several agents such that every agent receives a bundle . Every agent has a subjective preference relation which is a total order over bundle.
These preference relations induce an equivalence relation in the usual way: iff .
An allocation is called egalitarian-equivalent if there exists a bundle such that, for all :
An allocation is called PEEEA if it is both Pareto-efficient and egalitarian-equivalent.
Motivation
The EE criterion was introduced by Elisha Pazner and David Schmeidler in 1978.
Previously, the main fairness criterion in economics has been envy-freeness (EF). EF has the merit that it is an ordinal criterion --- it can be defined based only on individual preference-relations; it does not need to compare utilities of different agents, or to assume that the agents' utility functions are normalized. However, EF might be incompatible with Pareto efficiency (PE). In particular, in a standard economy with production, there may be no allocation which is both PE and EF.
EE, like EF, is an ordinal criterion --- it can be defined based only on individual preference-relations. However, it is always compatible with PE --- a PEEEA (PE and EE Allocation) always exists, even in production economies. Pazner and Schmeidler informally describe a PEEEA as follows:
"Consider the case where there are two consumers and two commodities (but note that every step in the argument carries over to any number of agents and commodities...). Suppose that each consumer is given precisely half the total endowments. This egalitarian distribution will in general not be PE. Consider the ray in commodity space that goes from the origin through the vector of aggregate endowments. The egalitarian distribution is represented by each man being given the same bundle along this ray.
If the egalitarian distribution is not PE, then (by monotonicity and continuity of preferences) moving each man slightly up along the ray yields distributions of utilities that are still feasible, since the starting utility distribution is in the interior of the utility possibility set. In particular, if we simultaneously move each man up along the commodity ray in precisely the same manner, we eventually shall hit a utility distribution that lies on the utility possibility frontier. This means that there exists a Pareto-efficient allocation that is equivalent from the viewpoint of each consumer to the hypothetical (nonfeasible) distribution along the ray that would give to each consumer the same bundle (which, by being strictly greater than the egalitarian distribution of the aggregate endowments, is itself not feasible). This PE allocation is thus equivalent to the egalitarian distribution in the hypothetical (larger than the original) economy...
The resulting set of allocations is what we call the set of Pareto-efficient and egalitarian-equivalent allocations (PEEEA). It is a restriction of the Pareto set of the economy to those allocations having the specified equity property that their underlying utility levels distribution could have been generated by some egalitarian economy.".
Relation to the maximin criterion
As a special case, assume that there is a finite number of homogeneous divisible goods.
Let be a certain bundle. For every , let be the bundle in which the amount of each good is times its amount in .
Suppose the preference-relation of each agent is represented by a utility function , which is calibrated such that: .
Then, a special case of an EE allocation is an allocation in which, for all :
In other words, all agents have the same calibrated utility.
In this case, the Pareto-efficient EE allocation (PEEEA) coincides with the maximin allocation - the allocation that maximizes the minimum utility.
Note that the maximin principle depends on numeric utility. Therefore, it cannot be used directly with ordinal preference-relations. The EE principle is ordinal, and it suggests a particular way to calibrate the utilities so that they can be used with the maximin principle.
In the special case in which is the bundle of all resources (the aggregate endowment), an egalitarian-equivalent division is also called an equitable division.
Herve Moulin describes this special case of the EE rule as follows:
"The EE solution equalizes across agents the utilities measured along the "numeraire" of the commodity bundle to be divided. In other words, this solution gives to each participant an allocation that he or she views as equivalent (with his or her own preferences) to the same share of the pie, where the "pie" stands for the resources to be divided and a share is a homothetic reduction of the pie --- this is the same fraction of the total available amount of each commodity".
Example
The following example is based on.
There are three cities, A B and C.
There is a road from A to B and a road from B to C.
Each road can carry a total of 100 units of traffic.
There are 100 agents: 40 need to pass traffic from A to B, 30 from B to C, and 30 from A to C.
The utility of each agent equals the amount of traffic he is allowed to pass. So, if an agent gets x units of AB and y units of BC, his utility is x (if he is in the AB group), y (if he is in the BC group), or min(x,y) (if he is in the AC group).
The question is how to divide the 100 units of capacity in each road among the 100 agents? Here are some possible solutions.
Suppose we give each agent the bundle , i.e, one unit of each road (so his utility is 1). This division is egalitarian, but it is obviously not PE, since the AB agents and the BC agents can improve their welfare by trading their shares in the roads they do not need.
Suppose we want to give each agent a utility of , for some . Then, we have to allocate units of AB and units of BC. We can allocate at most 100 units of each road; therefore . The division where the AB agents get 30/21 units of AB, the BC agents get 30/21 units of BC, and the AC agents get 30/21 units of both roads, is egalitarian equivalent, since each agent is indifferent between his share and the constant bundle . It is also an equitable division, since the normalized utility of each agent is 30/21 However, this division is still not PE: it allocates 100 units of AB but only 600/7 units of BC.
We can make the above division PE by giving the remaining units of BC to the BC agents; this improves their utility to without harming the other agents. In the resulting allocation, each agent is indifferent between his share and the constant bundle . Therefore, this division too is egalitarian-equivalent. Now all capacities are allocated and the division is PE; therefore this is the PEEEA. Note that the resulting allocation is leximin-optimal - it maximizes the utility of the poorest agents, and subject to that, it maximizes the utility of the other agents.
Variant
Consider now the following variant on the above example. The utilities of the AB and BC agents are as above, but the utility of the AC agents when getting x units of AB and y units of BC are now (x+y)/2. Note that it is normalized such that their utility from having a unit of each resource is 1.
Suppose we want to give each agent a utility of , for some . Then we have to allocate units of AB and units of BC, where . Since there are 100 units of each good, we have . The division where the AB agents get 60/39 units of AB, the BC agents get 60/39 units of BC, and the AC agents get 50/39 of AB plus 70/39 of BC, is EE, since each agent is indifferent between his share and the constant bundle . It is also equitable, since the utility of all agents is 60/39. It is also PE, hence it is a PEEEA. Unfortunately, it is not EF since the BC agents envy the AC agents. Moreover, the bundle of an AC agent dominates the bundle of a BC agent: they get more of every resource, which seems quite unfair.
Instead of taking a reference bundle with equal amounts of each resource (r,r), we can take a reference bundle with different amounts (r,s). Then we have to allocate units of AB and units of BC, where . Since there are 100 units of each good, we have . Combining this with an envy-freeness condition gives . The division where the AB agents get 30/21 units of AB, the BC agents get 35/21 units of BC, and the AC agents get 30/21 units of AB plus 35/21 of BC, is EE, since each agent is indifferent between his share and the constant bundle . It is also PE, so it is PEEEA. It is also EF, so it is also PEEFA. However, it is not equitable: the relative utility of the AB agents is , of the BC agents - , and of the AC agents - .
To summarize: in this example, a divider who believes in the importance of egalitarian-equivalence must choose between equitability and envy-freeness.
EE and EF
When there are two agents, the set of PEEE allocations contains the set of PEEF allocations. The advantage of PEEEA is that they exist even when there are no PEEFA.
However, with three or more agents, the set of PE allocations that are both EE and EF might be empty.
This is the case both in exchange economies with homogeneous divisible resources
and in economies with indivisibilities.
Properties
In the special case in which the reference bundle contains a constant fraction of each good,
the PEEEA rule has some more desirable properties:
proportionality: each agent believes that his share is at least as good as the bundle that contains of each resource.
Population monotonicity: when an agent leaves the scene and the resources are re-divided according to the same rule, each of the remaining agents is weakly better-off.
However, it is lacking some other desirable properties:
envy-freeness: even though all agents believe that their bundle is equivalent to the same reference-bundle, they might still believe that another bundle is worth more than theirs.
resource monotonicity: when more resources are available for allocation and the resources are re-divided according to the same rule, some agents might be worse-off.
In some settings, the PEEEA rule is equivalent to the Kalai-Smorodinsky bargaining solution.
See also
Egalitarian rule - a general social choice rule.
Egalitarian cake-cutting and Equitable cake-cutting - similar criteria in the context of dividing a heterogeneous resource.
References
Fairness criteria
Egalitarianism
Kangqiao forms part of suburban Shanghai and has a land area of and is a subdistrict of Pudong. At the Sixth National Census the population of Kangqiao stood at 174,672.
It is mostly a residential and commercial district, though it is also home to some of the many factories and production facilities in Shanghai. The Shanghai Disney Resort is located on the outskirts of Kangqiao, and Kangqiao is also home to IKEA and the Holiday Inn Kangqiao, with a cantilevered swimming pool on the top floor.
Education
International schools include:
Nord Anglia International School Shanghai Pudong Campus.
Shanghai Community International School.
Residential
Housing compounds include;
Emerald
Cambridge Forest
Tiziano
Bellewood
Trinity
Forest Whisper Brook (Baoli Linyu Xi)
Transport
Kangqiao is located 10 km from the city centre and is accessible via the Hunan Highway in 30 minutes.
Shanghai Metro Line 7 reaches Fanghua Road and Longyang Road close to the Shanghai Maglev Train Terminus, both within a short distance of Kangqiao.
Shanghai Metro Line 11 will run to East Kangqiao by the end of 2015.
Shops & restaurants
In Kangqiao, businesses have been started by both Chinese nationals and foreigners. The 'Kangqiao Riviera' hosts Sebastian's French, Bakerhaus Bakery, Mata Mata Bakery and RT Mart. KFC, McDonald's, Yoshinoya are also located in Kangqiao near the Riviera.
The largest hotel in the area is the flagship Holiday Inn, with its cantilevered glass swimming pool hanging 24 stories over the street.
Attractions
Kangqiao is home to the Kangqiao Taoist Temple. Built before the Sino-Japanese War, it was soon destroyed and remained this way during the Cultural Revolution. In 1993 the main hall was rebuilt, with final reconstruction taking place in 1997. Entry to the Temple costs 20RMB.
Shanghai Shenhua F.C. has its home base and training grounds in Kangqiao, on Hunan Road.
Industry
Kangqiao is home to a variety of multinational companies factories. These companies include:
Pilkington
Aptiv
ABB
References
Towns in Shanghai
Pudong
Group DF is a diversified international group of companies whose assets are concentrated in the chemical industry, titanium production, gas, and banking sectors. In addition, the group has interests in several other areas: agriculture, media business, sodium carbonate, energy infrastructure, and real estate. Group DF operates in 11 countries in the Eurasian region. In Ukraine, the group is developing businesses that can transform the landscape of industries and increase the country's competitiveness in the global market. The founder and owner of Group DF is businessman and philanthropist Dmytro Firtash, who in 2007 consolidated the assets he owned into the group. The managing director of the group is Boris Krasnyansky. In 2012, Group DF's consolidated revenue amounted to more than US$6 billion. This figure was announced by Borys Krasnyansky at the conference, "Ukraine - Inside View" (organized by The Economist) in March 2013 which was held in Vienna. The Group plans to continue to increase and consolidate assets across all of its business sectors, including fertilizer, titanium, gas distribution, and agriculture.
See also
Ostchem Holding
Sievierodonetsk Association Azot
Azot (Cherkasy)
References
Companies of Ukraine
Companies established in 2007
Oil and gas companies of Ukraine
Buildings and structures destroyed during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Richard O'Callaghan (born Richard Brooke, 7 March 1940, London) is an English film, stage and television character actor.
He is the son of actors Patricia Hayes and Valentine Brooke, whose stage name was Valentine Rooke. As a boy actor he was known as Richard Brooke. He has led a versatile career in film, stage and television in a wide range of roles. He is best known for his role in the British film Carry On at Your Convenience (1971).
Personal life
He is married to the American actress Elizabeth Quinn.
He is Chairman of the Catholic Association of Performing Arts (UK) (CaAPA) (formerly the Catholic Stage Guild).
Film credits
The Bofors Gun (1968) ... Rowe
Carry On Loving (1970) ... Bertram Muffet
Carry On at Your Convenience (1971) ... Lewis Boggs
Butley (1974) ... Joey Keyston
Galileo (1975) ... Fulganzio
Watership Down (1978) (voice) ... Dandelion
Dangerous Beauty (1998) ... Zealot
Television credits
Out of the Unknown ('Stranger in the Family', episode) (1965)...Boy
Z Cars (1965) ... Jim Blackitt
The Flower of Gloster (1967) ... Richard Doherty
The Good and Faithful Servant (1967)
The Ronnie Barker Playhouse (1968) ... Shelley Longfellow Morgan (1 episode) 'Tennyson' (1968)
Public Eye ... Frank (2 episodes, 1968–1969) – "Mercury in an Off-White Mac" (1968), "Divide and Conquer" (1969)
The Wednesday Play (1969) (1 episode: 'The Last Train through Harecastle Tunnel' (1969) ... Fowler
Thirty-Minute Theatre (1970) (1 episode: 'The Tidewatchers'
Vile Bodies (1970) ... Adam
Thriller (1973) 1 episode: 'File It Under Fear' ... George Bailey
Professional Foul (1977) ... Chetwyn
Renoir, My Father (1978) ... Auguste Renoir
Two's Company ... Richard (1 episode ("The Silence"), 1979)
The Green Tie on the Little Yellow Dog (1983) (TV).
Boon "The Fall and Rise of the Bowman" (1983) ... Cecil Bowman
Spatz (1992) ... Horace Flint ( 1 episode, 1992)
The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling (1997) TV series ... Mr Fitzpatrick
Midsomer Murders (1 episode) (2005) ... Trevor Machin ... "Bantling Boy"
Heartbeat 1 episode) (2005)... Ringer Redknapp ... "Rustlers & Hustlers"
The Afternoon Play ... Harry ... 1 episode ... "Molly" (2006)
Dalziel and Pascoe ... Aiden Scarman ... 4 episodes ... "Demons on Our Shoulders" & "Project Aphrodite" (2007)
Casualty ... Eddie Morris ... 1 episode ... "When Love Came to Town" (2008)
New Tricks ... Will Carter ... 1 episode ... "Loyalties and Royalties" (2008)
Red Dwarf: Back to Earth ... The Creator ... 1 episode ... "Part Three" (2009)
Red Dwarf X ... Hogey the Roguey ... 1 episode ... "The Beginning" (2012)
Theatre credits
Dirty Linen (1976); Almost Free Theatre
Brimstone and Treacle (1979); Open Space Theatre
Amadeus (1981); Her Majesty's Theatre, London
The Happiest Days of Your Life (1984); Barbican Theatre, London
The Magistrate (2000); Royal Exchange, Manchester
Educating Rita (2002; UK tour)
1605 (2005); Chichester Festival Theatre
King Lear (2005); Chichester Festival Theatre
Titus Andronicus (2006; as Marcus Andronicus); Shakespeare's Globe
The Last Confession (2007); Chichester Festival Theatre/Theatre Royal, Haymarket
Twelfth Night (2008; as Malvolio); Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park
The Story of Vasco (2009; as Caesar); Orange Tree Theatre
Haunting Julia (2011; as Joe Lukin); Riverside Studios, Hammersmith
The Last Confession (2014; World tour)
The Importance of Being Earnest (2015);(Vaudeville Theatre)
Radio credits
Murder Must Advertise (1979, BBC Radio) ... Mr Willis
The Lord of the Rings (1981, BBC Radio) ... Meriadoc Brandybuck
Have His Carcase (1981, BBC Radio) ... Julian Perkins
Patterson (1981, BBC Radio) ... Cuthbertson
Television roles
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Male actors from London
English male child actors
English male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
English male voice actors
English Roman Catholics
David Kinnear (22 February 1917 – 4 February 2008) was a Scottish professional footballer.
Career
Kinnear was signed to Rangers in 1934 by Bill Struth, having previously been playing for Raith Rovers and Burntisland United before that. He made his debut on 25 August 1934 in a league match against Dundee, which ended in a 3–2 defeat. He only made four appearances in the 1934–35 season. His first goal came a season later on 14 August 1935 against Albion Rovers.
Kinnear gained his one and only Scotland caps in an international challenge match against Czechoslovakia on 8 February 1937, in which he scored.
With the outbreak of the Second World War, Kinnear served with the British Army in the Army Physical Training Corps and was to leave Rangers after the war in May 1946. During his spell with the club he made 109 competitive appearances and scored 32 goals. He won two Scottish league championships, one Glasgow Cup and one Charity Cup. Along with Alex Venters, Kinnear scored in front of the all-time record crowd at Ibrox in a 2–1 victory over Old Firm rivals Celtic. He also enjoyed wartime spells with Third Lanark, Dunfermline Athletic and Stirling Albion.
He returned to Ibrox in 1956 as physiotherapist and had a hand in the transfer of Harold Davis to the club, having worked with him as a patient. He later became a trainer under Scot Symon but left the club in 1970 when manager William Waddell replaced his backroom staff.
References
External links
Herald obituary
1917 births
2008 deaths
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. wartime guest players
Raith Rovers F.C. wartime guest players
Queen of the South F.C. wartime guest players
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Third Lanark A.C. players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. players
Stirling Albion F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish soldiers
Royal Army Physical Training Corps soldiers
Association football wingers
Rangers F.C. non-playing staff
Scottish Football League representative players
British Army personnel of World War II
Footballers from Kirkcaldy
The Hellenic Radio (Australia) is a Greek language radio station based in Marrickville, which broadcasts its programs in Sydney and Melbourne, Australia. It began operating officially as a Greek radio program in 1983 through the 2NBC STEREO FM community radio station. Today the Hellenic Radio is broadcast in both Sydney and Melbourne on the 1683kHz AM day and night frequencies.
Shows such as Skai 100.3 and RIK Triton are rebroadcast, as well as local programs. The Hellenic radio station also advertises community news and events.
The station is owned and operated by Kostas Nikolis. It aims to continue to develop and preserve the Hellenic language, culture and community amongst the Australian Hellenic community today.
History
The introduction of non-English Australian radio was inspired by the influx of immigration of ethnic communities to Australia after the Second World War, post-1945.
The Hellenic Radio (Australia) was established during June 1975 as a 2NBC Greek community segment, for non-English speaking Australians. Its formation came a decade after the Australian Broadcasting Control Board had approved for 10% of Australian radio broadcasting time to be in non-English languages. On the 16th of March 1983, the Hellenic Radio station formally began operating as a Greek radio program under the 2NBC STEREO FM community radio station.
The stations broadcasting is conducted through its Sydney and Melbourne studios using locally owned radio transmitters as well as through satellites.
Radio Frequency
Broadcasting was originally conducted for the first few years of operations as a 24-hour radio station using the 67kHz sub carrier operating on LF (Low Frequency) on the Australian radio-frequency spectrum. In the following years the Hellenic Radio (Australia) station shifted to VHF (Very High Frequency) under the release of HI-BAND FM (150-170MHz) from the Australian Communication Authority.
From 1996, the Hellenic Radio (Australia) continues to utilise HI-BAND FM, in addition to the MF (Medium Frequency) of 1,683kHz MW to broadcast its programs.
Current
Currently in Australia, the ethnic radio broadcasting sector continues to align with the expanding ethnic landscape seeing an average airtime for ethnic radio stations in Australia at around 2,000 hours per week, including over 100 languages.
Today, with the use of broadcasting channels, the Hellenic Radio (Australia) has broadcast to around 85% of Australia. Particularly from the Sydney studio where radio broadcasting coverage reaches an approximate radius distance of 100km into the surrounding areas. Currently, in addition to the station being broadcast using radio-frequency channels, the Hellenic Radio is also accessible online on the '1683 Greek Radio' website.
Programming
The Hellenic Radio (Australia) is broadcast in the Greek language.
It has a simple format of programming for its Monday to Sunday, 24-hour broadcasting. The station caters to the interests of the community which it targets, the Greek Australiancommunity.
The Hellenic Radio broadcasting is centred on Greek music, spanning from traditional Greek folk music all the way to contemporary Greek music.
In addition, the station also provides coverage for local, national and international news in addition to community issues. And is a wide platform for advertisements both locally and internationally.
Rebroadcasting
Programs are also rebroadcast on the Hellenic Radio (Australia). For example, Skai 100.3 radio which broadcasts Greek news, sports, culture and comedy, in addition to RIK Triton which provides information and entertainment in both the Cypriot and Greek.
Program Contributions
The Hellenic Radio (Australia) utilised its programming for its advertising and running of the Emergency Relief Fund Fire Appeal radio-marathon in February 2020, which raised over $25,000 for Australian bushfire relief."We call upon all Hellenism, known for its charity, to contribute to this effort, with its mighty, noble donation, to support our fellow humans affected by the recent deadly and devastating fires”.Additionally, its radio programs in 2021, provided the Greek non-English speaking audience in Australia to provide assistance and guidance surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic with Dr Nicholas Lelos.
The radio station is also a contributor towards the Australian Cancer Research Foundation.
Programs
Radio
The Sydney and Melbourne broadcasts on the 1683kHz AM day and night frequencies include the popular programs:
'Η ΕΚΠΟΜΠΗ' - "GREEKS TODAY"
'Η ΕΚΠΟΜΠΗ' - "ΟRDER OF AHEPA"
'Η ΕΚΠΟΜΠΗ ΤΑ ΑΙΓΑΙΟΠΕΛΑΓΙΤΙΚΑ'
'Η ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΗ ΟΡΘΟΔΟΞΗ'
'Η ΩΡΑ ΤΗΣ ΛΗΜΝΟΥ'
'ΘΡΗΣΚΕΥΤΙΚΟ ΠΡΟΓΡΑΜΜΑ'
'ΚΕΦΙ ΚΑΙ ΜΠΑΛΑ'
'ΛΑΙΚΑ'
΄ΛΙΓΟ ΑΠ ΟΛΑ'
'ΜΑΓΚΑΖΙΝΟ ΠΟΙΚΙΛΗΣ ΥΛΗΣ'
'ΜΟΥΣΙΚΗ ΚΑΙ ΤΡΑΓΟΥΔΙΑ'
'ΠΡΟΓΡΑΜΜΑ ΘΡΗΣΚΕΥΤΙΚΟΥ ΠΕΡΙΕΧΟΜΕΝΟΥ'
'ΡΙΚ ΤΡΙΤΟ ΜΠΟΓΡΑΜΜΑ'
'ΤΟ ΔΙΚΟ ΜΟΥ ΚΑΡΑΒΑΝΙ'
'ΧΟΡΕΨΤΕ ΓΙΑΤΙ ΧΑΝΟΜΑΣΤΕ'
News Media
The 24/7 radio provides news on current Greek and Australian politics, sports and economics from popular newspapers:
Politics
'Η ΑΥΓΗ'
'Η ΕΦΗΜΕΡΙΔΑ ΤΩΝ ΣΥΝΤΑΚΤΩΝ'
'Η ΚΑΘΗΜΕΡΙΝΗ'
'On Time'
'ΡΙΖΟΣΠΑΣΤΗΣ'
'ΤΑ ΝΕΑ'
Sports
'ΑΘΛΗΤΙΚΗ ΩΡΑ'
'METROSPORT'
'ΠΑΤΡΙΣ Sport'
'SportDAY'
'FORZA Plus'
'ΦΩΣ ΤΩΝ ΣΠΟΡ'
Business & Economics
'ΔΗΜΟΠΡΑΣΙΑΚΗ ΑΘΗΝΩΝ'
'ΕΦΗΜΕΡΙΣ ΔΗΜΟΠΡΑΣΙΩΝ'
'Η ΝΑΥΤΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΗ'
'ΟΙΚΟΝΟΜΙΚΗ'
'ONE VOICE'
Hellensim in Australia
The Hellenic Radio commenced during the second period of Greek community broadcasting in Australia, seeking to preserve and upkeep the Greek language, culture and community through the radio programs."The Greek Australian generations... threatened even more unless their language is preserved as an important bridge not only in communication but in keeping their culture alive."The station assists in connecting Australian Greek communities and maintaining identity, language and culture. Along with this, the radio is generated generally towards more of the older Hellenic generation age groups, however not limited to these."Greek music is of various kinds of forms and is as celebrated as much as the country's history... It is a big part of greek culture and usually comes in the form of either greek traditional music intended for dancing to at parties and festivals, or as byzantine music which is used more in ceremonial occasions and religious contexts."Programs on the 1683am station aid both the non-English speaking Greeks and English-speaking Greeks in Australia to maintain community, particularly through the hosting and advertising of local (Sydney and Melbourne) Greek events.
See also
Hellenism
Greek Australians
Greek music
2NBC
Radio Stations in Australia
References
External links
Cypriot Australian
Greek-Australian culture in Sydney
Greek-language radio stations
Radio stations in Sydney
Radio stations in Melbourne
Radio stations established in 1983
Ethnic radio stations in Australia
Master of the Amulets is a 1981 fantasy role-playing game adventure published by Metagaming Concepts.
Plot summary
Master of the Amulets is an adventure for Melee/Wizard set in Dirringar's Valley.
Reception
Stefan Jones reviewed Master of the Amulets in The Space Gamer No. 49. Jones commented that "For all its faults, I'd still recommend Master of the Amulets to players of Melee and Wizard who want to try an overland adventure but can't spring the money for TFT."
Reviews
Pegasus #10 (Oct. 1982)
References
Fantasy role-playing game adventures
The Houtman Abrolhos is an island chain off the west coast of Australia. It is widely reported that the Houtman Abrolhos contains 122 islands, but only 93 islands had gazetted names in 1996. In the gazetteer of 2011 Hartley Island appears no more, but Barge Rock, Second Sister and Shag Rock appear, which raises the number of gazetted names to 96 (30 in the Wallabi Group, 38 in the Pelsaert Group and 28 in the Easter Group).
In addition to the gazetted islands, six island groups have been gazetted. The three main groups are the Wallabi Group, the Easter Group and the Pelsaert Group. In addition, the Easter Group contains a group known as the Eastern Islands, and the Pelsaert group contains groups known as the Mangrove Group and the Numbered Islands.
The Inventory of the Land Conservation Values of the Houtman Abrolhos mentions many more unofficially named islets, 16 in the Wallabi Group, 26 in the Eastern Group and 15 in the Pelsaert Group, plus the subgroups of the Jackson Islets (7 islets without individual names or numbers) and The Coral Patches (13 islets without individual names or numbers), also in the Pelsaert Group.
This makes for a total of 173 known islands, islets and above-water rocks with land area in the Houtman Abrolhos.
This list is complete with respect to the 1996 Gazetteer of Australia.
See also
List of rocks in Western Australia
References
Houtman Abrolhos
Lists of coordinates
Houtman Abrolhos
Umoja, the Village Where Men Are Forbidden is a French documentary film about the Kenyan village of Umoja, directed by Jean Crousillac and Jean-Marc Sainclair and released in 2009.
Synopsis
From 1970 to 2003, hundreds of women claim they have been raped by British soldiers in the north of Kenya. Accused of bringing shame on their community, most of them have been beaten and repudiated by their husbands. A number of them gathered and created Umoja, a women-only village that quickly became the refuge of Samburu women. The success of Umoja immediately strengthened the jealousy of men who regularly attack the village and cause trouble for its founder, Rebecca Lolosoli.
Awards and festival selections
2009
In 2009, the documentary won the Silver FIPA award in the category Great stories and Social Events and the Young European Jury Special Mention. It also won the Red Cross Award at the Reykjavík International Film Festival.
It was selected to the 2009 editions of the following international film festivals:
International Film Festival and Forum on Human Rights (Geneva, Switzerland)
Jean Rouch International Film Festival (Paris, France)
International Documentary Film Festival (Thessaloniki, Greece)
Ecovision Film Festival (Palermo, Italy)
Festival Doc-Cévennes (Lasalle, France)
Ciné Droit Libre (Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso)
International Documentary and Anthroplogy Film Festival (Pärnu, Estonia)
Document Human Rights Film Festival - Opening film (Glasgow, Scotland)
Southern Appalachian International Film Festival (Tennessee, United States)
Festival des Libertés (Brussels, Belgium)
Flahertania International Film Festival (Perm, Russia)
Festival International du Film d'Amiens (Amiens, France)
Festival Ethnographique de Rio (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
2010
In 2010, the film won the first prize at the Festival Internacional de Cine de Derechos Humanos (Buenos Aires, Argentina).
It was selected to the 2010 editions of the following international film festivals:
Vues d'Afrique (Montreal, Canada)
Tartu World Film Festival (Tartu, Estonia)
Festival Résistances (Foix, France)
Native Spirit Film Festival (London, England)
Inconvenient Films (Vilnius, Lithuania)
Malawi Human Rights Film Festival (Lilongwe, Malawi)
World Assembly of Community Radio (La Plata, Argentina)
African Diaspora Film Festival (New York City, United States)
References
External links
Backpack Productions website
2008 films
French documentary films
Films set in Kenya
2000s French-language films
Swahili-language films
2008 documentary films
Documentary films about violence against women
Violence against women in Africa
Documentary films about women in Africa
2000s French films
Tuğlaköy, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Acanthaspis concinnula is a species of assassin bug that has been reported as a specialist predator of the fire ant Solenopsis geminata.
References
Insects of Central America
Reduviidae
Insects described in 1863
This is a list of diplomatic missions in Trinidad and Tobago. There are currently 29 embassies/high commissions posted in Port of Spain.
Embassies/High Commissions in Port of Spain
Gallery of embassies
Non-resident embassies and high commissions
Resident in Brasília, Brazil:
Resident in Caracas, Venezuela:
Resident in Havana, Cuba:
Resident in Washington, D.C., United States of America:
<
Resident in New York City, United States of America:
Resident in other cities:
(Bogotá)
(Bridgetown)
(Kingston)
(Bogotá)
(Mexico City)
(Ottawa)
(Gros Islet)
(Oslo)
(Bridgetown)
(Ottawa)
(Georgetown)
(Kingston)
(Stockholm)
(Ottawa)
(Ottawa)
See also
Foreign relations of Trinidad and Tobago
List of diplomatic missions of Trinidad and Tobago
References
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Trinidad and Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Diplomatic missions
AEK Kakopetrias was a Cypriot football club based in Kakopetria. Founded in 1956, was playing sometimes in Second, in Third and in Fourth Division.
Honours
Cypriot Fourth Division:
Champions (2): 1991, 1994
References
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1984
1984 establishments in Cyprus
The Amazon Tall Tower Observatory or ATTO (in Portuguese: Observatório de Torre Alta da Amazônia) is a scientific research facility in the Amazon rainforest of Brazil. The site's infrastructure includes a tower that extends far above the forest canopy and two towers that allow researchers to collect samples from the soil surface to above the forest canopy. Additionally, there are container-labs, a base camp and nearby sites for studying vegetation and soil processes. The tall research tower is one meter taller than the Eiffel Tower and is currently the tallest structure in South America. All towers are equipped with a broad range of instruments to measure chemical and physical properties of the atmosphere, such as greenhouse gas concentrations, aerosols and meteorological data.
Description
The observatory is a joint project between Germany and Brazil coordinated by the Max Planck Institute for Biogeochemistry on the German side and the Brazilian National Institute of Amazonian Research, INPA (Instituto Nacional de Pesquisas da Amazônia) on the Brazilian side. Other major research partners include the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry and the University of the State of Amazonas (UEA, Universidade do Estado do Amazonas), with over 20 research institutes and universities in Brazil, Germany and other countries participating. The initial building cost of 8.4 million Euros was shared about equally by the German and Brazil partners.
The site is located remotely deep within the Amazon rainforest. The nearest large urban area is the city of Manaus in the state Amazonas, about southwest of the ATTO site. The towers are used to study the interactions between the forest and the atmosphere. Greenhouse gases, aerosols and weather, among other data, are measured continuously as well as during field campaigns. They provide information about a rough area of largely pristine rainforest. This is especially true during the wet season when the direction brings mostly "clean" air to the site that resembles the pre-industrial atmosphere. During the dry season, the wind direction shifts and puts the ATTO site within the influence of Manaus and the "arc of deforestation" and air pollution is noticeable even here.
ATTO's counterpart “ZOTTO” (Zotino Tall Tower Observation Facility) is located in the Siberian Taiga of Russia.
Research objectives
The project aims to study large- and smaller scale processes, from how the forest and soil influence greenhouse gases, aerosols, air mixing and clouds, to soil chemistry, microbiology and biodiversity. The main research questions are:
• How does the Amazon forest interact with climate and the water cycle?
• What is the role of the Amazon forest in the global cycles of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide?
• How do volatile organic compounds emitted from vegetation and soils affect atmospheric chemistry and the formation of aerosols and clouds?
The project is also dedicated to the exploration of how the rainforest biosphere responds to global warming.
According to the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF), ATTO allows reaching new levels of measurements of the complex interactions between the land surface and the atmosphere. Furthermore, the research project will contribute to further our understanding of “climate-relevant chemical and physical processes over the Amazon” and thus create new principles for climate protection.
History
{
"type": "FeatureCollection",
"features": [
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": {},
"geometry": {
"type": "Point",
"coordinates": [
-59.005583,
-2.145933
]
}
}
]
}The project was launched in 2009. The two 80 m towers were operational by 2012. Building of the tall tower began in 2014 and was completed in 2015.
See also
Zotino Tall Tower Observation Facility, a similar tower in Siberia
References
External links
Photo essay: Scientists build a tower as tall as the Chrysler building in the middle of the Amazon, PBS.org
Amazon Tall Tower Observatory on The Skyscraper Center
At 1,066 Feet Above Rainforest, A View of the Changing Amazon on Yale Environment 360
Amazon basin
Environmental research
Buildings and structures in Amazonas (Brazilian state)
Environment of Amazonas (Brazilian state)
Guyed masts
Observation towers
Towers in Brazil
Towers completed in 2015
2015 establishments in Brazil
Saint-Pourçain is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) for wine located around Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule in the Auvergne region of France. It can alternatively be considered as an upstream satellite of the Loire wine region or as a tiny wine region in its own right. White, rosé and red wines are produced on vineyards covering in 19 communes of Auvergne.
History
Saint-Pourçain was created as a VDQS in 1951. In 1982, the name of the VDQS was shortened from Vins de Saint-Pourçain sur Sioule to Saint-Pourçain. It was elevated to AOC status in 2009.
Grape varieties
For white wines, Chardonnay and Sacy (under the local synonym Tressallier) are the main grape varieties, with Sauvignon blanc as an accessory variety.
For red wines, Gamay and Pinot noir are used. For rosé wines, only Gamay is used.
References
French wine AOCs
Auvergne
Suwon Central Baptist Church is an evangelical Christian Baptist megachurch located in Suwon, South Korea, affiliated with the Korea Baptist Convention. At present, the senior pastor is Myung Jin Ko.
History
The church was founded in 1951. In 1960, Billy Kim became the senior pastor of the church which counts 10 people. In 1973, the church has 300 people. In 2005, when he retired, the church had 15,000 people. Myung Jin Ko becomes the Senior Pastor in January 2005. In 2008, the church has 20,000 people. In 2020, it would have 30,000 people.
See also
List of the largest evangelical churches
List of the largest evangelical church auditoriums
Worship service (evangelicalism)
References
External links
.
Baptist churches in South Korea
Evangelical megachurches in South Korea
Amadeus IV (died 1369) was the Count of Geneva from 1367 until his death. He was the second son of Amadeus III and Mahaut d'Auvergne. He succeeded his childless brother Aymon III in August 1367. He reversed the policy of his father and brother respecting the House of Savoy, and supported the bishops of Lausanne and Geneva against his cousin Amadeus VI of Savoy.
Amadeus seems to have come to terms with his Savoyard cousin by 13 May 1368, the date on which he performed the act of homage to him for the county of Geneva. He then travelled with the count of Savoy into Italy for the campaign to bring Philip II of Piedmont to submission, and was present at Philip's trial by a stacked Savoyard court at Rivoli in September–October 1368. It is possible that the real reason for his accompanying Amadeus into Italy was to have an opportunity to speak with the Emperor, who was also in the region at that time. In February 1369 the Emperor repeated his revocation of Amadeus VI's vicariate. Amadeus IV died later that year.
Notes
Bibliography
Eugene L. Cox. The Eagles of Savoy: The House of Savoy in Thirteenth-Century Europe. Princeton, New Jersey: Princeton University Press, 1974.
1369 deaths
Counts of Geneva
Year of birth unknown
House of Geneva
Millmerran , known as Domville between 1 June 1889 and 16 November 1894, is a town and a locality in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , the locality of Millmerran had a population of 1,563 people.
Geography
The town is on the Darling Downs, west of the state capital, Brisbane. The Gore Highway passes through the locality from the north-east (Yandilla) to the west (Captains Mountain). The Millmerran–Inglewood Road (State Route 82) runs to the south. State Route 82 enters Millmerran from the north-east concurrent with the Gore Highway. The Millmerran–Cecil Plains Road exits to the north.
History
Bigambul (also known as Bigambal, Bigumbil, Pikambul, Pikumbul) is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken by the Bigambul people. The Bigambul language region includes the landscape within the local government boundaries of the Goondiwindi Regional Council, including the towns of Goondiwindi, Yelarbon and Texas extending north towards Moonie and Millmerran. The Giabal (also known as Paiamba, Gomaingguru) language region includes the landscape within the local government boundaries of the Toowoomba Regional Council, particularly Toowoomba south to Allora and west to Millmerran.
Millmerran is near a lookout commonly used by the local Jarowair Nation Aboriginal population prior to European settlement and the town's name is believed to be derived from two words - "meel" meaning "eye" and "merran" meaning "to look out".
European settlement in the Millmerran area began in 1841 when the Gore brothers established the vast Yandilla station. Yandilla station covered an estimated and hosted its own school with 20 to 30 students, telegraph station and store. Closer settlement began after the passing of the Crown Lands Alienation Act in 1876, which allowed Edward Walpole to select a portion of Yandilla station. In 1881, Walpole established a general store on the site of what was known at the time as Back Creek.
A postal receiving office was opened with that name on 8 July 1883. It was elevated to the status of a post office, and the name changed to Domville, on 1 June 1889. The name was again changed to Millmerran on 16 November 1894. (Today, Domville is a rural locality south of Milmerran.)
On Sunday 27 November 1904, St Frances de Sales Catholic Church was officially opened and blessed by Reverend Father Potter. The building was and was designed by architects Messrs Wallace and Gibson of Warwick. It was built in cypress pine by contractors Messrs Mabbit and Silver. The church was on a site, half of which was donated by Mr Walpole and the other purchased by the committee. The total cost of the cost was £255. On Sunday 7 November 1952, Bishop Joseph Roper blessed and laid the foundation stone for a new church building. On Sunday 6 July 2915, Roper returned to bless and officially open the new church building which was and capable of seating 300 people. Over 1,000 people attended the event. The architect was Frank Cullen and the builders were Messrs A.D. Morris and Sons. The new church cost £20,500. The 1904 church building was retained as a church hall.
St Alban's Anglican church was dedicated in 1907. Its closure on 12 June 2007 was approved by Assistant Bishop Nolan.
In 1911, the Millmerran railway line reached the town, which is served by the Millmerran railway station ().
On Saturday 4 March 1922, a stump-capping ceremony was held for a Presbyterian church. On Friday 9 June 1922, St Andrew's Presbyterian Church was dedicated by the Right Reverend James Gibson, the Moderator-General of the Presbyterian Church of Australia. The architect F. H. Pepper of Sydney provided the design for free and much of the building work was undertaken by volunteers.
St Joseph's School was opened on 16 February 1959 by the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart.
The Millmerran Library opened in 1998 with a major refurbishment in 2017.
In the , Millmerran had a population of 1,566.
In the , the locality of Millmerran had a population of 1,563 people.
Education
Millmerran State School is a government primary and secondary (Prep-10) school for boys and girls at 19 Simmons Street (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 295 students with 28 teachers (25 full-time equivalent) and 21 non-teaching staff (12 full-time equivalent). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 323 students with 28 teachers (24 full-time equivalent) and 23 non-teaching staff (13 full-time equivalent).
St Joseph's School is a Catholic primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 25 Walpole Street (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 64 students with 8 teachers (5 full-time equivalent) and 6 non-teaching staff (3 full-time equivalent). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 59 students with 6 teachers (5 full-time equivalent) and 6 non-teaching staff (3 full-time equivalent).
For secondary education to Year 12, the nearest school is in Pittsworth away.
Amenities
Millmerran also has a vibrant town centre with two large grocery outlets (IGA and Foodworks), two large hardware stores (Mitre 10 and Home Hardware), a bakery, a 24-bed public hospital, medical centre, modern large equipped sports centre and Olympic-sized swimming pool, and a large community centre complete with ballroom.
The Millmerran Library is operated by the Toowoomba Regional Council. It is located on Herbert Street and is open five days a week (Monday through Friday).
St Andrew's Presbyterian Church is at 48 Campbell Street ().
For visitors, there are two caravan parks and an independent camping area for self-contained travelers.
There are a number of parks in the locality:
Lions Park ()
Mcgowan Park ()
William Simmons Memorial Park ()
Events
The Bi-Annual Australian Camp Oven Festival is a nationally known event attracting visitors from all over Australia.
References
External links
Towns in Queensland
Towns in the Darling Downs
Toowoomba Region
1881 establishments in Australia
Populated places established in 1881
Localities in Queensland
Carlos Cazorla Medina (born December 7, 1977 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a retired Spanish basketball player, playing the small forward position.
Clubs
Saski Baskonia – ACB (Spain) – 1993–1998
Baloncesto Fuenlabrada – ACB (Spain) – 1998–2002
Caja San Fernando – ACB (Spain) – 2002–2007
ViveMenorca – ACB (Spain) – 2007–2008
CB Lucentum Alicante – LEB Oro (Spain) – 2008–2009
Meridiano Alicante – ACB (Spain) – 2009–2011
References
1977 births
Living people
Baloncesto Fuenlabrada players
CB Lucentum Alicante players
Real Betis Baloncesto players
Menorca Bàsquet players
Liga ACB players
Saski Baskonia players
Spanish men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Las Palmas
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Small forwards
Yıldırımevci is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Üçoluk, Konyaaltı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
The 1945 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1945 college football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
The Lake Village Commercial Historic District encompasses the historic commercial heart of Lake Village, Arkansas, the county seat of Chicot County in the Mississippi River delta region of southeastern Arkansas. The district covers about six square blocks of downtown Lake Village, bounded roughly by Jackson Street to the north, Lakeshore Drive to the east, Church Street to the south, and Chicot Street to the west. This area represents the growth of Lake Village during its period of the greatest prosperity, between 1906 and 1960. The city's growth was spurred by the arrival of the railroad in 1903, and most of the district's buildings were built between 1900 and 1930. Most of the buildings are vernacular commercial buildings; the John Tushek Building at 202 Main Street is one interesting example of Beaux Arts styling, and 218–222 Main Street has some Italianate styling. The district includes the Lake Village Confederate Monument, which has been a local landmark since 1910.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chicot County, Arkansas
References
Geography of Chicot County, Arkansas
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Chicot County, Arkansas
Lake Village, Arkansas
Sybra albescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1953.
References
albescens
Beetles described in 1953
Poecilasthena paucilinea is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1906
Poecilasthena
Moths of New Guinea
St. Martin's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located on Route 113 at the intersection with Route 589 in Showell, Worcester County, Maryland. Much of the original Flemish bond brick structure is retained. Built as the first parish church of Worcester Parish, which had been established in 1753, it was started in 1756 and completed in 1759. Attendance dwindled after St. Paul's Episcopal Church was established in nearby Berlin in 1824, and by the end of the century the facility was used only sporadically.
By the 1970s the facility was in serious disrepair. The St. Martins's Church Foundation was established in 1993 to organize its restoration, and now operates the building as St. Martin's Episcopal Church Museum. The museum accurately preserves the original interior.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Architecture
St. Martin's Church is a rectangular-plan Georgian styled church constructed of brick laid in Flemish Bond with glazed headers. The church is oriented with the main entrance to the south, a secondary entrance to the west, and the communion table to the east. The south facade is three bays wide, with the central bay occupied by the doorway and a large transom which extends to the height of the neighboring windows. The east and north sides of the church each have two bays. The west facade features a central doorway surmounted by a window which opens into the gallery. All window and door openings, with the exception of the west door and window, are topped with jack arches with raised keystones executed in rubbed bricks.
The interior of the church is laid out in two aisles running east and west, with a gallery extending across the west end, accessed by a staircase in the southwest corner of the building. Centered on the north wall of the church is the pulpit, which is crowned with a simple sounding board. The communion table, positioned on a raised platform, is centered on the east wall of the church. Original brick pavers still cover the aisles. The entire nave is covered by a barrel vaulted ceiling.
See also
List of post 1692 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland
References
External links
Historic St. Martin's Church Foundation
, including photo from 1999, at Maryland Historical Trust
Museums of Worcester County: St. Martin's Episcopal Church
St. Martin's Episcopal Church Museum (Ocean City Vacation and Hotels Guide website)
Brief history of St. Martin's Episcopal Church
18th-century Episcopal church buildings
Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland
Churches in Worcester County, Maryland
Episcopal church buildings in Maryland
Former Episcopal church buildings in the United States
Museums in Worcester County, Maryland
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Churches completed in 1756
Religious museums in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Maryland
The Qarabağ 2008-09 season was Qarabağ's sixteenth Azerbaijan Premier League season, and their first season under Gurban Gurbanov. They finished the season in 5th place, and won the Azerbaijan Cup defeating Inter Baku in the final.
Squad
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Winter
In:
Out:
Competitions
Azerbaijan Premier League
Results summary
Results
Table
Azerbaijan Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Qarabağ on loan during the season:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who appeared for Qarabağ who left during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
Notes
On 31 October 2008, FK NBC Salyan changed their name to FK Mughan.
Qarabağ have played their home games at the Tofiq Bahramov Stadium since 1993 due to the ongoing situation in Quzanlı.
References
External links
http://www.weltfussball.at/teams/fk-qarabag/2009/2/
https://web.archive.org/web/20140211091820/http://www.pfl.az/upload/arxiv/200809/oyuncustats200809.pdf
http://www.futbol24.com/national/Azerbaijan/Premier-League/2008-2009/results
Qarabağ at Soccerway.com
Qarabağ FK seasons
Qarabag
Jessi Losada is an American sportscaster of Cuban descent. For 36 years, Losada worked on Spanish television networks in the United States, broadcasting various different sports events and sports shows.
Losada joined Univision in 1978, becoming sports-anchor and producer for the channel's Los Angeles affiliate in 1980. Losada later moved to Miami, Florida, when he was promoted to national sports-anchor by the television conglomerate.
At that position, he worked for 19 years until moving to Univision's main rival, Telemundo, in 1999. At Telemundo, Losada worked on shows like Telemundo Boxing–Boxeo Telemundo, Titulares Telemundo-a variety show focused on sports, NBA basketball games, NFL football games, the Olympic Games and more. Losada decided, after 16 years at Telemundo, to leave the network and return to California.
Losada received six Emmy Awards; four for his coverage of Super Bowl games, one for his story of Rafael Palmeiro in 1992 and one for his coverage of the 1990 World Cup of Association Football in Italy. Additionally, from 1984 to 1987, he broadcast games of the Los Angeles Rams on local radio in Los Angeles. He also worked Los Angeles Raiders games and was sports-anchor at CBS.
Losada joined Fox Deportes in late 2015, where he has worked as announcer for football, boxing and motorsport.
Losada has two kids, Jonathan Losada and Nikolas Angel Losada. Jonathan is 14 years old and Nikolas is 15 years old. Jonathan is known to be ill mannered to his brother Nikolas and Nikolas remains the favorite child.
References
American sports journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Tatler is a British magazine published by Condé Nast Publications focusing on fashion and lifestyle, as well as coverage of high society and politics. It is targeted towards the British upper-middle class and upper class, and those interested in society events. Its readership is the wealthiest of all Condé Nast's publications. It was founded in 1901 by Clement Shorter. Tatler is also published in Russia by Conde Nast, and by Edipresse Media Asia.
History
Tatler was introduced on 3 July 1901, by Clement Shorter, publisher of The Sphere. It was named after the original literary and society journal founded by Richard Steele in 1709. For some time a weekly publication, it had a subtitle varying on "an illustrated journal of society and the drama". It contained news and pictures of high society balls, charity events, race meetings, shooting parties, fashion and gossip, with cartoons by "The Tout" and H. M. Bateman.
In 1940, the magazine absorbed The Bystander, creating a publication called The Tatler and Bystander. In 1961, Illustrated Newspapers, which published Tatler, The Sphere, and The Illustrated London News, was bought by Roy Thomson. In 1965, Tatler was retitled London Life. In 1968, it was bought by Guy Wayte's Illustrated County Magazine group and the Tatler name restored. Wayte's group had a number of county magazines in the style of Tatler, each of which mixed the same syndicated content with county-specific local content. Wayte, "a moustachioed playboy of a conman" was convicted of fraud in 1980 for inflating Tatlers circulation figures from 15,000 to 49,000.
The magazine was sold and relaunched as a monthly magazine in 1977, called Tatler & Bystander until 1982. Tina Brown (editor 1979–83), created a vibrant and youthful Tatler and is credited with putting the edge, the irony and the wit back into what was then an almost moribund social title. She referred to it as an upper-class comic and by increasing its influence and circulation made it an interesting enough operation for the then owner, Gary Bogard, to sell to publishers Condé Nast. Brown subsequently transferred to New York, to another Condé Nast title, Vanity Fair.
After several later editors and a looming recession, the magazine was once again ailing; Jane Procter was brought in to re-invent the title for the 1990s. The circulation rose to over 90,000, a figure which was exceeded five years later by Geordie Greig. The magazine created various supplements including the Travel and Restaurant Guides, the often-referred to and closely watched Most Invited and Little Black Book lists, as well as various parties.
Kate Reardon became editor in 2011. She was previously a fashion assistant on American Vogue and then, aged 21, became the youngest-ever fashion director of Tatler. Under Reardon's directorship Tatler retained its position as having the wealthiest audience of Condé Nast's magazines, exceeding an average of $175,000 in 2013.
Reardon left the title at the end of 2017. The appointment of Richard Dennen as the new editor was announced at the beginning of February 2018, and he took up the post on 12 February.
In 2014, the BBC broadcast a three-part fly-on-the-wall documentary television series, titled Posh People: Inside Tatler, featuring the editorial team going about their various jobs.
Little Black Book
One of Tatlers most talked-about annual features is the Little Black Book. The supplement is a compilation of "the most eligible, most beddable, most exotically plumaged birds and blokes in town", and individuals previously featured have included those from a number of backgrounds: aristocrats and investment bankers sit alongside celebrities and those working in the media sector.
Editors and contributors
Past and present editors
Past contributors
Christina Broom - photographer
Diana, Lady Mosley – commissioned to write a letter from Paris section in the 1960s.
Una-Mary Parker - Social editor in the 1970s
The Marchioness of Milford Haven – Social editor
Isabella Blow – Contributing fashion editor-at-large
Other editions
References
Further reading
External links
– official site
– Tatler Asia site
1901 establishments in the United Kingdom
Fashion magazines published in the United Kingdom
Lifestyle magazines published in the United Kingdom
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1901
The Belozerskaya culture is an archaeological culture of the later Bronze Age (12th-10th centuries BCE) that replaced the Srubnaya culture on the steppes of Ukraine and Moldova. There are finds near the lower Don and in Kuban and Crimea. It was identified as an independent archaeological culture in the 1980s.
The remains consist of settlements, graves, workshops, treasures, and scattered other finds. The settlements consist of pit-houses, semi–pit-houses, and houses on flat ground with stone foundations, while the graves are tumuli and grave fields. The dead were buried on a wooden floor in a rectangular pit in the fetal position, usually lying on one side, with the head oriented toward the south. Grave goods consisted of one or two wooden vessels, rarely metallic objects.
The culture is associated with the Cimmerians, and it was replaced by the Belogrudov culture and later the Scythians.
References
Archaeological cultures of Eastern Europe
Bronze Age cultures of Europe
Archaeological cultures in Ukraine
Iranian archaeological cultures
Cimmerians
Red Croatia (; ) is a historical term used for the southeastern parts of Roman Dalmatia and some other territories, including parts of present-day Montenegro, Albania, the Herzegovina region of Bosnia and Herzegovina and southeastern Croatia, stretching along the Adriatic Sea.
The term was first used in one version of the Chronicle of the Priest of Dioclea, which is as a whole dated to have been written in 1298–1300. It was in later years mentioned by a number of sources in various languages and by a number of people of different backgrounds. In the 19th century, during the Age of Romantic Nationalism, it became a central point of discussion and research, often a component part of Croatian nationalism, in which Red Croatia was sometimes popularized as a historical state of the Croatian people and thus should become part of a Greater Croatia.
Etymology
Red Croatia was first mentioned in the Chronicle of the Priest of Dioclea a fictional work which was written by a Roman Catholic priest in Doclea. His work is not preserved in original, but only in copies since the 16th and 17th century, and has been dated from as early as the late 13th century to as far as the 15th century. It is most likely that it was written c. 1300. There were numerous erroneous guesses and other plain errors regarding the identity of the writer, the most known being referring to him as "Archbishop Gregory" of a non-existent Archbishopric.
Most recent and detailed research identifies him as a member of the Cistercian order by the name of Rudger, of Bohemian ethnic origins, working in the Archbishopric of Split and for Croatian Ban Paul Šubić who was from 1298 to 1301 Archbishops of Bar. If the Priest of Doclea didn't take the term from some unknown and unpreserved source while rewriting his work for a second edition and he is its inventor, it is believed that he did partially in political aspirations of the Šubić family over all Croat lands, which would also explain the lack of Red Croatia in the first version, which centered on Bosnia, the second one being written after Paul had taken the title "Lord of Bosnia".
Croatian linguist Petar Skok has defined that this misinterpretation on the Priest's part is a result of transliteration of the Crmnica or Crvnica area in Montenegro, which also translates to "Red Land".
According to the Dioclean priest imaginary kingdom of Slavs was divided into two regions: Maritima (Littoral) between Dinaric mountains and the Adriatic sea which was also defined as the area where the"rivers from the mountains flow south into the sea" and Serbia which encompassed everything between Dinaric mountains and the river Danube or as defined in the chronicle as the "region where the rivers flow from the mountains to the north into the mighty river of the Danube." Thus the Maritima encompassed only the areas in the Adriatic sea drainage basin while Serbia encompassed areas in the Black sea ( Danube ) basin . Maritima was further divide in two areas: White and Red Croatia with latter encompassing present day Hercegovina, southern portion of Montenegro and northern Albania. On the other hand, Dioclean's Serbia would encompass most of present-day Serbia, northern part of Montenegro, most of the Bosnia and Croatia north of the Dinaric mountains.
Original references
The Latin version of the Chronicle of the Priest of Dioclea, known as Gesta regum Sclavorum, was translated by Croatian-Latin historian Ioannes Lucius (Ivan Lučić, the father of Croatian historiography) in 1666 and printed under the name De Regno Dalmatiae et Croatiae (On the Kingdom of Dalmatia and Croatia). The following is an excerpt (in Latin):
Post haec secundum continentiam priuiligiorum, quae lecta coram populo fuerant, scripsit priuilegia, diisit prouincias et regiones regni sui ac terminos et fines earum hoc modo: secundum cursum aquarum, quae a montanis fluunt et intrant in mare contra meridianam plagam, Maritima uocauit ; aquas uero, quae a montanis fluunt contra septentrionalem plagam et intrant in magnum flumen Donaui, uocauit Surbia. Deinde Maritima in duas diuisit prouincias: a loco Dalmae, ubi rex tunc manebat et synodus tunc facta est, usque ad Ualdeuino uocauit Croatium Album, quae et inferior Dalmatia dicitur...Item ab eodem loco Dalmae usque Bambalonam ciuitatem, quae nunc dicitur Dyrachium, Croatiam Rubeam...
The following is the translation to English:
And from the field of Dalmae (Duvno) to the city of Dyrrachium (Durrës) is Red Croatia
References in Dandolo's chronicle
Andrea Dandolo (1300–1354), the Venetian author of the Chronicle of Dalmatia, who writes of Croatian lands (Dalmatian Kingdom), reiterated the boundaries of Red Croatia:
In Latin:
Svethopolis rex Dalmacie... in plano Dalme coronatus est et regnum suum Dalmacie in IIIIor partes divisit... A plano intaque Dalme usque Ystriam, Chroaciam Albam, vocavit, et a dicto plano usque Duracium, Chroaciam Rubeam, et versus montana, a flumine Drino usque Maceodoniam, Rasiam; et a dicto flumine citra Bosnam nominavit... Moderni autem maritimam totam vocant Dalmaciam, montana autem Chroatiam...
Translation:
Svatopluk, King of Dalmatia... on Duvno field was crowned and his kingdom of Dalmatia is spread out into 4 regions: From the field called Duvno (Tomislavgrad), to Istria is called White Croatia... and from that field to Durrës is called Red Croatia; and the mountainous side from the river Drina to Macedonia is called Rascia, and to that river to here is called Bosnia. The whole sea coast is called Dalmatia and its mountains are Croatia...
References by Flavio Biondo
Another writer confirms the diet of Duvno and the distribution of Croatian lands as well as the existence of Red Croatia. Flavio Biondo (1388–1463) was an Italian humanist. In his well-known book Historiarum ab inclinatione Romani imperii decades, he words for word confirms what Dandolo writes about the Duvno diet and White and Red Croatia.
Use in the 19th and 20th century
Crvena Hrvatska was the name of a weekly Croatian Party of Rights political paper that spread the ideology of Ante Starčević in Dubrovnik, Dalmatia and that existed in between 1890 and 1899 Austria-Hungary, edited by Frano Supilo.
The term has come up in the discussion of the history of Montenegro.
Croatian historian Ivo Pilar thought that Duklja arose from the lands of "Red Croatia" in the 10th century. Serbian historian Slavenko Terzić criticized Savić Marković Štedimlija for his references to Red Croati" used for separating Montenegrins from the Serbs.
See also
White Croatia
Duklja
Travunia
Zahumlje
History of Dalmatia
References
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia
Croatian explanation of Historia Salonitana by Toma Archdeacon
South Slav Journal
Serb Montenegro
Dr. Slavenko Terzic: The ideological roots of Montenegrin nation and Montenegrin separatism
Map
Medieval Croatia
Oughtboy is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the barony of Strabane Upper and the civil parish of Bodoney Upper and covers an area of 964 acres.
The name derives from the Irish: ucht buidhe (Yellow breast of a hill).
In 1841 the population of the townland was 57 people (14 houses) and in 1851 it was 62 people (12 houses).
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: Stone alignments (grid ref: H5959 9377).
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
Karaçallı, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Tallinna Kaubamaja Group () is Estonian trade concern located in Tallinn. The Group's operators deals with both: retail and wholesale trade. Over one tenth of Estonian retail is contributed by the Group.
The Group history began in 1960 when Tallinn Department Store was opened.
As of 2019, the Group annual profit was 29.8 million euros and therefore the Group belongs to TOP 10 companies in Estonia. By revenue of 651.3 million euros, the Group is 4th in Estonia.
The Group is owner of well-known brands like Kaubamaja, Selver, Selveri Köök, Tartu Kaubamaja Centre, Viking Motors, KIA, ABC King, SHU, I.L.U., Viking Security.
The Group employs about 3500 people.
The company's market value increased by 2.9% on the stock exchange in 2020. A total of 52,456 transactions were made with the stock in 2020, during which 4.7 million Tallinna Kaubamaja shares changed hands. The total turnover of the transactions was 38.7 million euros. The share of Tallinna Kaubamaja is one of the most actively traded shares on the Nasdaq Baltic stock exchange. In 2020, only Tallink and Šiauliai Bank shares were traded on the Nasdaq Baltic stock exchange (based on turnover).
As of September 28, 2021, the market value of Tallinna Kaubamaja is 443.9 million euros, making it the seventh largest company on the Nasdaq Baltic Stock Exchange. Tallink and Šiauliai Bank are comparable in size.
References
External links
Companies based in Tallinn
Retail companies of Estonia
Angelo Weiss (born 9 February 1969) is an Italian alpine ski coach and former alpine skier who won a slalom race in FIS Alpine Ski World Cup.
Career
He competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics and 1998 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Italian people of Austrian descent
People from Trento
Alpine skiers of Fiamme Gialle
Sportspeople from Trentino
Italian alpine skiing coaches
The Market Master's House is an 18th-century vernacular Colonial-era stone dwelling with 20th-century additions, set at the rear of a long, narrow lot in Bladensburg, Prince George's County, Maryland. It was constructed c. 1765, when Bladensburg was an active tobacco shipping port.
The Market Master's House is significant for its association with the 18th century development of the town of Bladensburg. Lot 38 of Bladensburg was purchased by Christopher Lowndes, who built nearby Bostwick, on September 23, 1760. The use of the Market Master's House as a headquarters for tobacco inspectors or an overseer of tobacco marketing activity has not been proven, and no description of an approved Market Master has been found for the town of Bladensburg. However, the Market Master's House is one of only four buildings remaining from this significant period of the town's history.
The original block is a two-by-one bay, gable-roofed, 25 × 20 foot structure, 1 stories, of randomly laid roughly shaped non-native stone. The stone is thought to have been brought to the site originally as ship ballast, therefore it is also known as the Ship's Ballast House. It contains one room on the first story, a corner stair, and one room on the second story. A small two-story west kitchen addition and one-story south shed-roofed addition were added about 1920, with later additions and renovations completed in 1956. In May - June 2009, the Maryland State Highway Administration and the Center for Heritage Resource Studies (CHRS) at the University of Maryland, College Park sponsored archeological digs at the site.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
External links
, including photo in 1987, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Bladensburg Archaeology Project: The Market Master's House and Square: An Introductory History
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Houses completed in 1765
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Bladensburg, Maryland
Massification is a strategy that some luxury companies use in order to attain growth in the sales of product. Some luxury brands have taken and used the concept of massification to allow their brands to grow to accommodate a broader market. As a method of implementing massification, companies have created diffusion lines. Diffusion lines are an offshoot of a company or a designers original line that is less expensive in order to reach a broader market and gain a wider consumer base. Another strategy used in massification is brand extensions, which is when an already established company releases a new product under their name.
Diffusion lines
Some luxury designers and companies will create a diffusion line to reach a broader consumer audience. A diffusion line is when a designer will create another separate line of merchandise up for consumption at a lesser price. Diffusion lines have varying ranges and purposes; to increase sales, to broaden range of consumers, and to increase demand for product.
Diffusion lines have four stages of market development: wholesale channels to department stores; the creation of ready-to-wear flagships; large diffusion flagships; the opening of stores in provincial cities. An expansion of this level requires a company to obtain more capital, because of this over 60 per cent of all fashion designers are now public limited companies. Diffusion line development, stages 3 and 4, are often franchised to third parties with the designer having control over the product and its brand image. Between 20–30 per cent of gross margin is spent on advertising support to create global campaigns to enhance brand image in foreign markets. Companies have to deal with the tension between the desire to be exclusive and the desire to produce product line extensions and widespread distribution which could lead to the dilution the brand's value.
Glamour publisher Bill Wackerman attributes the growth in the luxury market to a phenomenon called "mass-tige," a play off the word "prestige". Wackerman uses Isaac Mizrahi selling his designs at Bergdorf Goodman as well as Target, and Karl Lagerfeld's apparel at Chanel and low-priced retailer H&M, as evidence that the phenomenon is taking place.
Brand extensions
Many luxury brands maintain their reputation through brand extension. A brand extension is the use of an established brand name to introduce a new product or service. Luxury brands use this strategy in order to reach a larger audience that may not be exposed to these luxury brands.
Consequences of brand extension activity while a company is doing poorly is seen as a trading down. The company will face difficulty because their luxury status was already becoming fragile. Dropping their prices and expanding will dilute their status with consumers.
Value of luxury
Psychological benefits are considered to be the main factor that distinguishes luxury products from nonluxury products.
The definition of luxury is something that is constantly changing. Originally, luxury was a visible result: purposely flashy and showy, defining hereditary social stratification
Currently Millennials are creating an upheaval, this group looks for quality, craftsmanship and authenticity, it is about where the product was made and the products it was made with, not brand names. Millennials are targeted for a category called "functional luxury", which are brands that provide products that feel less frivolous than fashion, even though they are still pricey. Apple, Whole Foods and Sleep Number mattresses are considered functional luxury brands. One tactic to reach millennials is personalization, in which shoppers receive tailored promotions and see a uniquely crafted version of a retailer's Web site. Millennials are also targeted as a part of the category called "HENRY"—an acronym for a person who is a "high-earner not rich yet."
New words have been invented and promoted for the new definitions of luxury: masstige, opuluxe, premium, ultra-premium, trading up, hyperluxury, and real or true luxury. There is confusion about what really makes a luxury product in today's society
Today luxury brands face an economic crisis. The middle class buyers are disappearing, as well as many wealthy consumers. Even wealthy people who have not been personally affected by the crisis are changing their purchasing habits. They are reducing their consumption, even though they still have the means to buy luxury products and brands. This is a way of symbolically participating in the national struggle and exhibiting solidarity.
Experiential marketing
Experiential marketing or engagement marketing is a strategy with a core concept that the consumer should be involved and engaged in the product and company instead of being a passive bystander. It promotes consumers to be involved in the growth and evolution of the brand.
The shift towards using experiential strategies is a rapidly growing global trend. "Experiential marketing is thus about taking the essence of a product and amplifying it into a set of tangible, physical and interactive experiences that reinforce the offer."
There are four "experiential zones": Entertainment, Education, Escapist and Aesthetic.
Experiences under the entertainment sector are centered around a low customer involvement and interaction. Examples are upscale boutiques, and high-end brands opening up restaurants in their stores.
Experiences under the education sector require more involvement, but still have a low level of intensity. This zone offers a way for the customer to acquire a new skill, or improve an already established skill. The concept referred to as 'edutainment' relates to this experiential zone.
Experiences under the escapist sector demand both a high involvement and high intensity. Examples of this are evident in the hospitality sector and in private clubs. These experiences allow for consumers to "escape" life or even create new identities.
Experiences under the aesthetic sector involves a high degree of intensity, but does not require a lot of involvement, such as viewing an art exhibit.
Experiential strategies
Academics have come up with their own strategies for experiential marketing.
Smith has come up with a six-step process; One of the first steps is to conduct a survey to see how consumers already view the brand. Then you need to create a brand platform and design a brand experience. Lastly you need to advertise the brand and monitor the performance of the brand.
Lippincott Mercer has come up with four principles of experience design. The beginning step is to identify key customer data and feedback. The next step is to figure out your target audience and figure out what will have the greatest impact on consumers. The third step is to turn the findings into project priorities. The final step is to apply the strategy and monitor the purchases.
The management consultancy, A.T. Kearney developed a 7Cs model to create a high impact digital customer experience –content, customization, customer care, communication, community, connectivity and convenience.
Nueno and Quelch (1998) came to the conclusion that: design and communications, product line, customer service and channel management are the four keys of managing luxury brands successfully.
Kellar (2009) highlights the importance that luxury brands should appeal to the brand feelings that are associated with a customers' emotional response and reactions towards the brand in their marketing strategy. The brand feelings are classified into six types. The first three types of brand feelings are experiential and immediate: (a)'warmth' feeling (b)'fun' feeling (c)'excitement' feeling. The next three types of brand feelings are private and enduring (d)'security' feeling (e)'social approval' feeling (f)'self-respect' feeling.
Keller (2009) outlined ten characteristics of luxury brands for how to market them. This includes: maintaining a premium image, ensuring product quality and service, ensuring that pleasure purchase and consumption experiences are present, carefully control distribution channels, employ a premium pricing strategy, manage brand architecture, do not compete with ordinary brands, and have legal protection for all their trademarks.
Celebrity brand endorsement
Brand personality or celebrity endorsement is considered as an effective form of advertising (Aaker, 1996).
A trend in luxury fashion advertising is the rise of the celebrity model. Last year, Jennifer Lopez appeared in Louis Vuitton ads; Cate Blanchett in Donna Karan; Adrien Brody in Ermenegildo Zegna; Winona Ryder in Marc Jacobs. This season CK Lingerie ads feature Hilary Swank.
Celebrity, and in particular athlete, endorsements are profitable; although there are companies outside the sports apparel industry that are active in celebrity endorsements as well. It has been found that the use of celebrity endorsers as an advertising strategy generally has a positive pay-off in brand-level sales and increases the company's stock returns.
Consequences
Brand violation
A violation of fairness creates a sense of betrayal among customers, which in turn pressures customers to restore fairness through two actions: demanding reparation and retaliating.
Reparation is a positive mechanism for restoring fairness and refers to anything a company provides to customers in order to compensate them for the failure (cf., Walster 1973). Reparation includes: exchange or repair a defective product, offer a discount or reimbursement, apologize, or respond in a timely fashion (Bowen 1999; Smith 1999).
Retaliatory behaviors are efforts made by customers to punish and cause inconvenience to a company for the damages it caused. Retaliation is motivated by a desire to "bring down" a company in some way (Walster 1973). Retaliatory behaviors refer to the three following behaviors: vindictive complaining, spreading negative word-of-mouth, or by contacting a third-party organization to publicize the company's failure.
Brand disengagement
Consumers place loyalty and make purchases based on rational and emotional factors. Brand disengagement can occur when a consumer feels that a brand or product has wronged them; this is called a "love becomes hate" effect. Because of this effect the consumer may spread around a negative image about the company to other people.
References
Further reading
Study about the massifying effects of photography and their use in the promotion of historically Black colleges and universities in the United States. Arnold, Bruce Makoto, Roland W. Mitchell, and Noelle Arnold. "Massified Illusions of Difference:Photography and the Mystique of the American Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs)." Journal of American Studies of Turkey 41 (2015): 69–94.
Retail processes and techniques
Fabio Tripodi (born ) is an Italian wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Player profile - FISG - Federazione Italiana Sport del Ghiaccio (Italian Ice Sports Federation)
Living people
1973 births
Italian male curlers
Italian wheelchair curlers
You Could Look It Up is a 2016 book of essays on the history of reference works by Jack Lynch.
You Could Look It Up may also refer to:
"You Could Look it Up", 1941 magazine short story by James Thurber
"You could/can look it up", mid-20th-century catchphrases of baseball manager Casey Stengel
You Could Look it Up, 1979 biography of baseball figure Casey Stengel by Maury Allen
"You Could Look it Up", 2000s column by Steven Goldman on Baseball Prospectus
Fubang Township () is a township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 21,000 and an area of .
Etymology
The name "Fubang" () comes from the first word of the village name "Fuyong" () and "Bangnai" ().
Administrative division
As of 2016, the township is divided into eight villages:
Fuyong ()
Saihan ()
Banshan ()
Ping'an ()
Duoyilin ()
Bangnai ()
Maliping ()
Kalang ()
History
In the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), it came under the jurisdiction of Tusi ().
In 1940, it belonged to the 5th District. That same year, the 5th District was revoked and Fubang Township was set up.
After the founding of the Communist State in 1949, the Fubang District () was set up. It was merged into Shangyun District () in 1958 and restored in 1961. During the Great Leap Forward, it was renamed "Jingfeng Commune" () in 1969 and then "Fubang Commune" () in 1971. It was incorporated as a township in 1988.
Geography
It lies at the central Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, bordering Zhutang Township to the west, Nanling Township to the south, Shangyun Town and Mujia Township to the north, and Donghe Township to the east.
The Yilin River () and Ankang River () flow through the township.
Economy
The economy of the township is mainly based on agriculture. Economic crops are mainly corned, wheat, peanut, and tea.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township's population now to be 21,000.
Transportation
The National Highway G214 winds through the township.
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Left by Soft is a studio album by David Kilgour and the Heavy Eights. It was released in April 2011 under Merge Records. In 2011, the album debuted on the NZ Top 40 at #31.
Track list
References
2011 albums
Merge Records albums
The 1927 Indiana bituminous strike was a strike by members of the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) against local bituminous coal companies. Although the struggle raged throughout most of the nation's coal fields, its most serious impact was in western Pennsylvania, including Indiana County. The strike began on April 1, 1927, when almost 200,000 coal miners struck the coal mining companies operating in the Central Competitive Field, after the two sides (management and labor) could not reach an agreement on pay rates. The UMWA was attempting to retain pay raises gained in the contracts it had negotiated in 1922 and 1924, while management, stating that it was under economic pressure from competition with the West Virginia coal mines, was seeking wage reductions. The strike proved to be a disaster for the union, as by 1929, there were only 84,000 paying members of the union, down from 400,000 which belonged to the union in 1920.
Background
The coal industry in the United States was at the end of three decades of growth in 1920, during which production had increased five-fold. The UMWA had won pay hikes and a shorter work day in 1919, and preserved these gains in contracts with mine operators in 1922 and 1924. However demand, which had been artificially inflated during the World War, dropped off at the war's end. This, combined with a stagnation of coal usage through conservation efforts during the 1920s led to efforts to reduce costs by the mine operators. Coal miners and the United Mine Workers faced an extended crisis as coal operators sought cost reductions and pressured unionized miners to accept wage cutbacks to below the previously agreed upon rate of $7.50 per day, and even to abandon the union.
In 1921, miners had struck against the Clearfield Bituminous Coal Corporation in Rossiter, Pennsylvania. The strike arose when the company began to require their employees to punch a time clock. The miners refused to comply, and were backed up by the UMWA, stating that the union's permission was required to enforce the time-clock requirement, in addition to the fact that no other mine in the district employed the use of a time clock. The strike lasted approximately one month, and ended when work resumed with the time clock in use. Northern coal mining operators, looking to reduce costs, blamed their weakened competitive position on the high and inflexible wage rates
negotiated by the union. Attempts to impose significant wage reductions, in some cases up to 50 percent, were met by a bitter strike in
1922. This strike was not only about wages, but over the concept of national versus district contracts. The union wanted a national contract, while the mining operators wanted contracts by districts. That strike lasted five months, but led to the Jacksonville agreement in 1924, wherein miners were given a $7.50 per day rate which had been agreed upon in the 1920 negotiations. When the northern operators continued to lose market share to their southern counterparts, they asked the union for a renegotiation of the Jacksonville scale. Union President John L. Lewis refused on the grounds that the industry was undergoing a needed adjustment which, when completed, would result in fewer men and fewer mines and a stable, more prosperous industry.
The coal mining area around Pittsburgh had always been a difficult territory for the UMWA. The presence of the nonunion Connellsville
and Westmoreland fields made it difficult for the union to hold its ground, and the diverse ethnic groups which comprised the work force made organization and collective action difficult. It was in this district where the operators took their first stand against the union. In August, 1925, the Pittsburgh Coal Company, largest in the district, closed down, rejected the Jacksonville agreement, and reopened on a nonunion basis. Numerous other companies followed its lead. In all, some 110 mines in Pennsylvania changed from union to nonunion operation during 1925. This led to another strike over wages in 1925, which also lasted five months.
The strike
The expiration of the Jacksonville Agreement, as well as the widespread violation of its terms by operators, gave urgency to the issue of negotiating a new agreement in 1927. Union representatives were charged to negotiate the best possible wage agreement possible as long as there was no reduction in wages. In February 1927 the union representatives met with representatives of the mining operators in Miami. The operators requested a reduction of the Jacksonville scale as well as union acceptance of the principle that wages should be tied to the changing price of coal. No agreement was reached in Miami, which led the union leadership to begin planning for a nationwide strike. The American Federation of Labor, responding to a plea from John L. Lewis (the head of the UMWA), passed a resolution which called on its affiliated international unions to help the coal miners. When the Coolidge administration refused to intervene in the dispute, Secretary of Labor James J. Davis could not get the major coal operators to agree to go back to the negotiating table with the UMWA.
On April 1, 1927, 40,000 coal miners struck in the Central Competitive Field, beginning the largest coal strike since 1922, they were supported by another 45,000 miners throughout Pennsylvania and over another 100,000 miners nationwide. The 1927 strike was one of the longest and most bitter strikes in Pennsylvania coal-industry history. The walk-out effectively closed down all mining activity in the bituminous fields of western Pennsylvania. As time passed, other miners joined the strike, particularly those who worked for the Clearfield Bituminous Coal Corporation, in Rossiter, Pennsylvania, which became the focal point for the entire strike.
From the outset the striking miners endured intense hardships. The operators used strikebreakers, private police, injunctions, and many other antiunion tactics which had been developed during a century of industrial conflict in America. Owners also evicted 12,000 miners and their families from company housing between July and December, 1927. The miners in Rossiter began to agitate, marching to other mines and encouraging their workers to join the strike.
In a major setback for the union, the company brought in strikebreakers and reopened the Rossiter mine in September, on a non-union basis with most of its employees recruited from outside the district and paid on the lower 1917 scale. A further, and much greater setback for the unions occurred in November, when Judge Jonathan Langham, serving on the Court of Common Pleas of Indiana County, Pennsylvania, published several sweeping injunctions against the protesters, putting a halt to their collective activities. The injunction forbade picketing, marching or gathering for meetings or rallies. It prohibited the disbursement of union funds for use by striking miners. The order also forbade newspaper advertisements and other means of communication being used to aid the cause of the strikers and convincing miners to desist from work. But it was his final injunction which brought national attention to the conflict in Pennsylvania: He issued a prohibition against singing hymns and holding church services on the last two pieces of property in Rossiter not owned by the mining operators: lots owned by the Magyar Presbyterian Church situated directly opposite the mouth of the mine.
The publicity spawned by Langham's injunction attracted out-of-state journalists, and a United States Senate investigating committee that came to Rossiter in February 1928. The senators, who included Senator Robert Wagner of New York, heard testimony from Rossiter miners, company officials, and Langham, and pointedly questioned the judge and company attorneys about the injunction's marker denial of civil liberties and free speech. The company continued to import strikebreakers and rely on Coal and Iron Police, and by the end of August virtually every Rossiter-area mine operated on a non-union basis. In October 1928 the national strike officially ended in a major defeat for the UMWA.
Aftermath
The strike proved to be a disaster for the union. By 1929 only about 84,000 miners were paying dues. The central competitive field, the heart of the union's strength, was lost. Wage rates in the industry declined from an average of $7.50 to $5.50 per day. The work force in Pennsylvania declined by 21 percent.
The national strike and events in Rossiter, however, had telling effects on Senator Wagner, bolstering his sympathy for labor. Allied with Senator George Norris and Congressman Fiorello La Guardia, Wagner co-sponsored the Norris-La Guardia Act of 1932, which greatly restricted the use of labor injunctions.
In 1933 Wagner sponsored the National Industrial Recovery Act (NIRA), which called for collective bargaining between unions and management. This act enabled the UMWA to resume its growth with membership reaching 400,000 in 1934. In 1935, after the United States Supreme Court invalidated the NIRA, Wagner sponsored the National Labor Relations Act, which reinstated the NIRA's collective bargaining provisions and established the National Labor Relations Board to hold union elections and prevent unfair labor practices. Also in 1935, the US Senator from Pennsylvania sponsored the Guffey Coal Conservation Act. This measure, enacted in 1935, regulated the price and marketing structure of coal industry with provisions which guaranteed collective bargaining. It also stipulated uniform scales of wages and hours and created a national commission which would fix prices and regulate production.
References
April 1927 events
1927 in Pennsylvania
Miners' labor disputes in the United States
1927 labor disputes and strikes
Labor disputes in Pennsylvania
Labor disputes led by the United Mine Workers
The 1987–88 New Jersey Devils season was the team's sixth season in the National Hockey League since the franchise relocated to New Jersey. The Devils finished fourth in the Patrick Division with a record of 38 wins, 36 losses, and 6 ties for 82 points, garnering the first winning record in the franchise's 14-year history.
On the final day of the regular season, the Devils were tied with their nemesis, the New York Rangers, for the final playoff spot in the Patrick Division. After New York defeated the Quebec Nordiques 3–0, all eyes were on the Devils, who were playing the Blackhawks in Chicago. The Devils trailed 3–2 midway through the third period, but John MacLean scored to tie the game, and with two minutes left in overtime, he added the winning goal. Although the Rangers and Devils both finished with 82 points, the Devils had two more wins, sending them to the playoffs for the second time in franchise history, but the first time in New Jersey.
The Devils rode the momentum of this victory into a surprisingly deep playoff run, ousting the New York Islanders in six games in the Division Semi-finals and the Washington Capitals in seven games in the Division Finals. They then met the Boston Bruins in the Wales Conference Finals and stretched the series to seven games, but finally fell short in the seventh game (see below).
Offseason
Hoping to light a spark under the team, team owner John McMullen hired Providence College coach and athletic director Lou Lamoriello as team president in April 1987. Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season. This move came as a considerable surprise to NHL circles; although Lamoriello had been a college coach for 19 years, he had never played, coached, or managed in the NHL and was almost unknown outside the American college hockey community.
Regular season
On November 25, 1987, Aaron Broten scored just 13 seconds into overtime to give the Devils an 8-7 road win over the Edmonton Oilers. It would prove to be the fastest overtime goal scored during the 1987–88 NHL regular season.
On the last day of the season, Sunday, April 3, 1988, the Devils were scheduled to play the Chicago Blackhawks at Chicago Stadium, the Rangers were scheduled to host Quebec Nordiques at home, and the Penguins were scheduled to host Hartford Whalers at home. Going into the game, the Devils were tied with the New York Rangers with 80 points and one point ahead of the Pittsburgh Penguins (79) for the last playoff spot in the Patrick Division. The Penguins beat the Whalers, 4–2, to finish their season with 81 points, and the Rangers shut out the Nordiques, 3–0, to finish their season with 82 points, eliminating the Penguins. When both games ended, the Devils-Blackhawks game was still in progress. Both teams skated to a 3–3 tie after 60 minutes. For the Devils to qualify for the playoffs, they would have to score in overtime to get the win and the two points to win the tiebreaker the Rangers. An overtime loss would keep them at 80 points, and a 3–3 tie would move them up only to 81 points, handing the last playoff berth to the Rangers. At 2:21 of the overtime period, John MacLean scored the game-winning goal on a rebound slap-shot past Blackhawks netminder Darren Pang to give the Devils a 4–3 win. Both the Devils and Rangers finished with 82 points. However, since the Devils had two more wins during the regular season, they ended up taking the Patrick Division's 4th playoff spot and thereby sealed the first ever playoff berth for the franchise in New Jersey.
Gary Thorne called MacLean's overtime, playoff-berth-clinching goal on SportsChannel New York:
Season standings
Sean Burke
Sean Burke was drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the second round of the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. He earned national attention from his international play. He backstopped Canada's junior team to a silver medal in the 1986 World Junior Championships and a fourth-place finish for the national men's team at the 1988 Calgary Olympics.
Burke went from the Olympics to the Devils. He started 11 games for the Devils in the 1987–88 NHL season, including an overtime victory against the Chicago Blackhawks on the final night of the season that qualified the Devils for their first playoff series.
Dubbed a "rookie sensation", Burke helped the Devils go on a playoff roll, defeating the division-leader New York Islanders in the first round in six games and then the Washington Capitals in seven games. Burke was one game away from the Stanley Cup Finals but lost in Game 7 of the Wales Conference finals to the Boston Bruins.
Schedule and results
Playoffs
The team made it all the way to the conference finals, but lost to the Boston Bruins in seven games. In that series, after a horrendous Game 3 loss to Boston, head coach Jim Schoenfeld verbally abused referee Don Koharski, screaming obscenities and hollering, "Have another doughnut, you fat pig!" The incident resulted in a suspension for Schoenfeld, which the franchise appealed to the New Jersey Superior Court. This unprecedented appeal to authority outside the NHL gave the Devils a preliminary stay of the coach's suspension. In protest, referee Dave Newell and the assigned linesmen boycotted the next game. After more than an hour's delay, amateur officials were tracked down in the stands and worked the game wearing yellow practice sweaters. To resolve the incident, the NHL suspended Schoenfeld for Game 5. Schoenfeld later admitted he regretted his comments.
Patrick Division semi-finals vs. New York Islanders
New Jersey wins series 4-2
Patrick Division finals vs. Washington Capitals
New Jersey wins series 4–3.
Prince of Wales Conference Finals vs. Boston Bruins
New Jersey loses series 3–4.
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes
Defensemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Draft picks
Notes
References
Devils on Hockey Database
New Jersey Devils seasons
New Jersey Devils
New Jersey Devils
New Jersey Devils
New Jersey Devils
20th century in East Rutherford, New Jersey
Meadowland Sports Complex
Len Stirling is a former politician in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. He was a member of the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1979 to 1982 and was leader of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador from 1980 to 1982.
Private life
Stirling is from Corner Brook and has worked as an insurance executive in private life. He served as deputy mayor of St. John's before entering provincial politics.
Party president and assembly member
Stirling was president of the Newfoundland and Labrador Liberal Party in the late 1970s and played a pivotal role in persuading Donald Jamieson to lead the party in the 1979 provincial election. The party's sitting leader, Bill Rowe, had been criticized by a majority of caucus members, and the party had scheduled a leadership review before the election was called. Rowe voluntarily stepped aside after Jamieson agreed to lead the party. The Liberals lost the election to Brian Peckford's Progressive Conservative Party, although Stirling was personally elected in the Bonavista North division.
Jamieson resigned as Liberal Party leader after the election, and Stirling won a landslide victory over Leslie Thoms to become his successor in late 1980.
Party leader
Stirling was leader of the provincial Liberal Party at a time when Canadian prime minister Pierre Trudeau and Newfoundland premier Brian Peckford were engaged in a jurisdictional dispute over Newfoundland's offshore mineral resources. Stirling agreed with Peckford that the province should own the resources, although he criticized Peckford's approach in battling the federal government.
In July 1981, Stirling criticized Peckford for using an order-in-council to increase the salary of cabinet members.
Peckford called a snap election for April 1982, making mineral resources the primary election issue. The Liberal campaign focused on employment issues and argued that Peckford's aggressive stance on resources was undermining Newfoundland's negotiating position. Stirling said that he could negotiate a better resource deal with the federal government via a more conciliatory tone and proposed a federal-provincial fund that would allow Newfoundland to purchase failing fishery plants.
Peckford's Progressive Conservatives were re-elected with a landslide majority government in the 1982 election, and Stirling was personally defeated in Bonavista North. He resigned as leader in October 1982.
An essay on the Newfoundland Liberal Party published in 1992 described Stirling as having a "pleasant, conciliatory personality," but lacking in profile and without "zeal for political power."
After politics
Stirling continued his career as an insurance executive. By the 1990s, he was first vice president and Atlantic regional manager of Johnson's Insurance. He was named to the board of governors of Newfoundland and Labrador Hydro in 1999.
Electoral record
Leadership contests
Source: John Laschinger and Geoffrey Stevens, Leaders & Lesser Mortals: Backroom Politics in Canada, Toronto: Key Porter Books Limited, 1992, p. 258.
References
Living people
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Newfoundland and Labrador political party leaders
Businesspeople in insurance
People from Corner Brook
Year of birth missing (living people)
Roberts Cliff () is the third prominent rock bluff south of Seabee Hook on the east shore of Edisto Inlet. It was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1957–58, for Charles L. Roberts, Jr., United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) meteorologist and scientific leader at Hallett Station in 1959.
Cliffs of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Lainez Point () is a point which forms the north side of the entrance to Dalgliesh Bay on the west side of Pourquoi Pas Island, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1908–10, under Jean-Baptiste Charcot, and named by him for Manuel Lainez, a senator of the Argentine Republic and founder of the newspaper El Diario.
References
Headlands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Sharon Harper (born in Stamford, Connecticut in 1966) is a contemporary visual artist, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Harper is interested in photography as it relates to perceptual experiences between humans and the natural environment. Harper is currently professor of Visual and Environmental Studies at Harvard University.
Work
Harper's photographs examine human perception of time through the movements of the sun, moon, and stars, as mediated by a large format camera. Harper is known for her series "Moon Studies and Star Scratches," in which she uses multiple exposures on large format film to overlap weeks or months of nightly images of the moon and stars to create records of perceptual experience over time.
Museum Collections
Harper's photographs are in the permanent collections of major institutions such as the Museum of Modern Art, New York, the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo, New York, the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Texas, the Santa Barbara Museum of Art, Santa Barbara, California, the Nelson-Atkins Museum in Kansas City, Missouri, the Harvard Art Museums, Cambridge, Massachusetts, the Portland Art Museum, Portland Oregon, and the New York Public Library.
Exhibitions
2015: Photography and the Scientific Spirit, John Michael Kohler Arts Center, Sheboygan, Wisconsin
2015: VERZWEIGT! - Trees in Contemporary Art, Museum Sinclair-Haus, Bad Homburg, Germany
2014: Sharon Harper: From Above and Below, Hermès Foundation Gallery, New York, New York
2014: Skyward, Weatherspoon Art Museum, Greensboro, North Carolina
2014: Heavenly Bodies, Santa Barbara Museum of Art, Santa Barbara, California
2014: Unfolding Images, Contemporary Arts Center, New Orleans, Louisiana
2013: Vivian Keulards & Sharon Harper, Colorado Photographic Arts Center
2013: Second Nature, Decordova Museum and Sculpture Park, Lincoln, Massachusetts
2008: Moon Studies and Star Scratches: Sharon Harper, The Print Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
2001: Sharon Harper: Photographs from the Floating World, Whitney Museum of American Art
Publications
From Above and Below, a monograph spanning ten years of her work documenting the night sky, was published by Radius Books in 2013.
Awards and recognition
In 2013, Harper was the recipient of John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellowship in Photography. She received a Meredith S. Moody Residency Fellowship and an Elizabeth Ames Fellowship at Yaddo, and the Sam and Dusty Boynton Fellow at the Vermont Studio Center. She has received numerous other artist-in-residence fellowships including at the Headlands Center for the Arts in Sausalito, California, the MacDowell Colony, and at the Ucross Foundation among others.
References
1966 births
American women photographers
Living people
21st-century American women
The discography of The Sound of Arrows, a Swedish synthpop duo composed of singer Stefan Storm and synth player Oskar Gullstrand, consists of two extended play, three singles, seven music videos and a number of other appearances.
Albums
Studio albums
Extended plays
Digital downloads
Singles
Music videos
Soundtracks
Song "M.A.G.I.C." was used in a television commercial for the Mitsubishi Outlander vehicle by Mitsubishi Motors.
Song "Into the Clouds" (Fear of Tigers remix) was used in a television commercial for the Peugeot 308 in Sweden.
Remixes
The Sound of Arrows made remixes of the following songs:
"—" indicates a remix was not released.
Remixes of The Sound of Arrows songs:
"Nova" was remixed by Tiësto and Esben and the Witch
References
External links
Discographies of Swedish artists
Electronic music discographies
Pop music group discographies
Poecilasthena dimorpha is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in New Caledonia.
References
Moths described in 1979
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Jonathan Galassi (born 1949 in Seattle, Washington) has served as the president and publisher of Farrar, Straus and Giroux and is currently the Chairman and Executive Editor.
Early life
Galassi was born in Seattle (his father worked as an attorney for the Justice Department), but he grew up in Plympton, Massachusetts. He attended Phillips Exeter Academy, where he became interested in poetry, writing and literature. He attended Harvard College, where he studied English with instructors including Robert Lowell and Elizabeth Bishop, and served as an editor of the Harvard Lampoon and the president of the Harvard Advocate. He graduated in 1971, then became a Marshall Scholar at Christ's College, Cambridge. He realized while attending Christ's College that he wanted a career in book publishing.
Career
Galassi began his publishing career as an editorial intern at Houghton Mifflin in Boston in 1973. He moved to Random House in New York, and then in 1986 to Farrar, Straus & Giroux (FSG), after being fired from Random House. Two years later, he was named editor-in-chief, and served as the president and publisher at FSG until 2018. He was succeeded as Publisher by Mitzi Angel in 2018, and Angel was named President in 2021. Galassi is currently the Chairman and Executive Editor.
Galassi is also a translator of poetry and a poet himself. He has translated and published the poetic works of the Italian poets Giacomo Leopardi and Eugenio Montale. His honors as a poet include a 1989 Guggenheim Fellowship, and his activities include having been poetry editor for The Paris Review for ten years, and being an honorary chairman of the Academy of American Poets. He has published poems in literary journals and magazines including Threepenny Review, The New Yorker, The Nation and the Poetry Foundation website.
He is also a trustee at his alma mater Exeter.
Personal life
Galassi lives in Brooklyn. He was married to Susan Grace, with whom he has two daughters. The couple divorced in late 2011. He is gay.
Bibliography
Poetry
Collections
Morning Run: Poems (Paris Review Editions/British American Pub., 1988)
North Street: Poems (HarperCollins Publishers, 2000)
Translations
The Second Life of Art: Selected Essays of Eugenio Montale (Ecco Press, 1982)
Otherwise: Last and First Poems of Eugenio Montale (Vintage Books, 1984)
Collected poems, 1920-1954: Eugenio Montale (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, 1998)
A Boy Named Giotto by Paolo Guarnieri (pictures by Bimba Landmann; Farrar, Straus & Giroux, 1999)
Selected Poems of Eugenio Montale (translated by Jonathan Galassi, Charles Wright, and David Young; edited with an introduction by David Young; Oberlin College Press, 2004)
Canti by Giacomo Leopardi (translated and annotated by Jonathan Galassi; Farrar, Straus & Giroux, 2010)
List of poems
Novels
Muse (Knopf, 2015)
School Days: a Novel (Other Press, 2022)
Sources
Library of Congress Online Catalog > Jonathan Galassi
References
External links
Video Interview: Charlie Rose > February 19, 1999 > A Conversation with Editor Jonathan Galassi
Interview: Poets & Writers > July 1, 2009 > Agents & Editors: A Q&A with Jonathan Galassi by Jofie Ferrari-Adler
Poem: The Nation > September 27, 2000 > Bequest by Jonathan Galassi
Poem: The New Yorker > April 20, 2009 > Lunch Poem for F.S. by Jonathan Galassi
Poems: The Poetry Foundation > Girlhood, Flow, May, Montale's Grave, North of Childhood, Saving Minutes, Thread and Turning Forty by Jonathan Galassi
Review: A Review by Cynthia Haven of North Street by Jonathan Galassi
Jonathan Galassi Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Yale University.
1949 births
Living people
American publishers (people)
American male poets
American translators
American book editors
Harvard College alumni
Marshall Scholars
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
Writers from Seattle
Poets from New York (state)
The New Yorker people
American LGBT poets
Harvard Advocate alumni
The Harvard Lampoon alumni
Phillips Exeter Academy alumni
Walter Isidor Siegmeister (October 5 or 6, 1903 – September 10, 1965), later known as Raymond W. Bernard, was an early 20th-century American alternative health advocate and esoteric writer, who formed part of the alternative reality subculture. He is credited with the merger of the Hollow Earth theory and religious beliefs about UFOs.
Biography
Siegmeister was born into a family of Russian Jews in Manhattan, New York City. His parents were William Siegmeister (May 1877 - September 1, 1932) and Rebecca "Bessie" Gitler (Gittler) (February 25, 1880 - October 27, 1968), who were both born in Russia. Walter's father William emigrated to the United States in July 1893, and he became a naturalized citizen in the Superior Court, New York County (Manhattan) on October 29, 1902. Walter's parents William and Bessie are both buried in the Mount Lebanon Cemetery in Glendale, Queens County, New York. Walter's father was a surgeon who started out as a student of biochemistry in Germany. Walter had a brother named Elie Siegmeister (1909-1991) who was a famous American composer. Walter graduated from Columbia University in 1924, and received his Masters (1930) and Ph.D (1932) degrees in education from New York University. His Ph.D thesis was titled Theory and Practice of Dr. Rudolf Steiner's Pedagogy (New York University, School of Education, 1932) (typed manuscript, v + 320 pages). Under the name Bernard, Walter later settled in Florida. Siegmeister died of pneumonia in 1965.
Alternative health
Siegmeister was a natural hygiene and raw food advocate. He authored many books on dieting and nutrition such as Meat-Eating: A Cause of Disease (1956), Super Health Thru Organic Super Food (1958) and Health Through Scientific Nutrition (1960). He was alleged to have practiced breatharianism and a fruitarian diet. However, it was noted by H. Jay Dinshah that he was actually living as a vegan.
Hollow earth
Siegmeister was a proponent of the hollow earth concept and UFOs. His ideas were never taken seriously by academics and have been dismissed as pseudoscience.
Siegmeister wrote of his search for the safest place on Earth from radioactive fallout in order to build a paradise. The idea was later developed in the writings of Johnny Lovewisdom and then Viktoras Kulvinskas. He went to Ecuador in 1941 where he met John Wierlo (pen-name: Johnny Lovewisdom, aka "the Hermit Saint of the Andes") (July 23, 1919 - October 12, 2000) who had arrived in 1940, where they spoke of plans for a paradisian utopia and a super-race in the Ecuadorean jungle. However Wierlo later claimed he was not planning on creating a super-race, only a Camp of Saints.
On returning to the USA, Siegmeister, now called Robert Raymond, continued to sell his books, before returning to South America. Walter moved to Brazil in 1955 or 1956, in order to buy land and create a super-race. In Brazil, he renewed his interest in aliens, Atlantis, UFOs, tunnels and the hollow earth concept. Siegmeister believed Brazil contained the entrances to the tunnels leading to the hollow earth. In 1964, he found a New York publisher for The Hollow Earth which was based on his book Flying Saucers from the Earth's Interior. The book describes a purported conspiracy to conceal the existence of the hollow earth and its access points at the poles.
Siegmeister's hollow earth ideas are mentioned in detail in Alan Baker's Invisible Eagle, 2000.
Publications
Many of his book have been republished by Health Research Books.
Apollonius the Nazarene: The Life and Teachings of the Unknown World Teacher of the First Century. Lorida, Fla.: New Age Publications, 1945.
Escape from Destruction: How to Survive in an Atomic Age. Mokelumne Hill, CA: Health Research, 1956.
The Serpent Fire: The Awakening of Kundalini (Mokelumne Hill, CA: Health Research, 1959)
Flying Saucers from the Earth's Interior. Mokelumne Hill, CA: Health Research, 1960.
The Hollow Earth. New York: Carol Publishing, 1969 [1964].
Creation of the Superman. Mokelumne Hill, CA: Health Research, 1970.
References
External links
The Memory Palace, history podcast episode: "The World Within the World"
1903 births
1965 deaths
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American conspiracy theorists
American occult writers
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American UFO writers
Deaths from pneumonia in Florida
Esotericists
Hollow Earth proponents
Inedia practitioners
Jewish American writers
Orthopaths
People from Manhattan
Pseudoscientific diet advocates
Raw foodists
UFO conspiracy theorists
20th-century American Jews
Zonergy is a Chinese energy conglomerate engaged in the development of solar and biomass energy and the cultivation of palm oil.
Corporate structure and history
Zonergy Corporation (hereinafter referred to as "Zonergy"), a world-renowned integrated smart microgrid solution provider, is a national-level high-tech enterprise founded in 2007. Zonergy is committed to offering the top-ranking integrated smart microgrid solutions for customers at home and abroad, including technology research & development and production, sales and trade, engineering design and implementation, energy management and optimization for multi-energy complementary and coordination of wind, solar, hydro, storage and charging. Through years of development, the Company has accumulated strong technical strength and rich engineering experience. It has been home to first-class technical research and development, engineering implementation, and market development team, which can guarantee business development in an all-around manner.
Pakistani solar park
The company is active in electricity generation in Pakistan. As part of the US$46 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, Zonergy is developing the largest solar farm in the world, a 900 MW facility at the Bahawalpur Solar Power Park in the Cholistan Desert, slated to be completed in 2016. The framework agreement for financing the project by the Export Import Bank of China had been signed in the presence of China's paramount leader Xi Jinping and Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif during a April, 2015 visit by Chinese leader Xi Jinping.
Palm oil
The company grows palm oil on 30,000 hectares in Indonesia. With large scale ambitions to produce palm oil over millions of hectares, the company has undertaken feasibility studies in Indonesia, Hainan, and the Democratic Republic of Congo to find suitable investment locations.
Proposed production in Congo
The company had long term business plans in 2008 to cultivate palm oil over 2 million hectares in the DRC. The proposed project received high level attention with the then president of ZTE, Hou Weigui, flying in 2007 soon after the founding of the company to guide the potential investment. He appeared in May 2007 with then Congolese agriculture minister Nzanga Mobutu for a press conference in which future plans for a palm oil processing plant and millions of hectares of cultivation was announced. A feasibility project was done at the local site with crops grown on a 10 hectare plot to explore the possibility of large scale cultivation. However the plan for large scale operations was scrapped after the company concluded that logistics in Congo would be hopeless. River transportation experts sent by the company found the Congo River to be a nightmare to navigate with sandbars frequently impeding transport craft and concluded that it would be too difficult to move construction equipment and machinery to the site to construct a refinery.
References
Solar energy companies of China
Palm oil production in Indonesia
Energy companies established in 2007
Renewable resource companies established in 2007
Agriculture companies established in 2007
Chinese companies established in 2007
Jean-François Boyer (12 March 1675 in Paris – 20 August 1755 in Versailles), was a French bishop, best known for having been a vehement opponent of Jansenism and the Philosophe school.
Life
Boyer was a preacher, and the bishop of Mirepoix, Ariège from 1730 to 1736. In 1735 he was tutored to Louis, Dauphin of France, and in 1743 he was head chaplain to Maria Josepha of Saxony, Dauphine of France.
In 1736 Boyer was elected a member of the Académie française, in 1738 to the French Academy of Sciences, and in 1741 to the Academy of Inscriptions and Belles-Lettres.
Boyer had several benefices by royal appointment. According to Evelyne Lever, the favorite royal biographer, during the Jubilee Year of 1750 Pope Benedict XIV Boyer tried unsuccessfully to break the relationship between the King and the Marquise de Pompadour.
Boyer promulgated the "Statements of Confession" that the faithful had to sign to show their compliance with Pope Clement XI's Unigenitus Bull, and to be entitled to receive the sacrament. This caused an outcry in Paris.
As bishop of the Ancient Diocese of Mirepoix Boyer also hounded the Philosophe school. In 1743, he plotted against Voltaire at the Académie française, when he ran for the seat vacated by Cardinal de Fleury.
In 1751, Boyer set the King's mind against the editors of the Encyclopédie and his machinations caused their articles to be monitored and censored. But he failed in his goal of suppressing the undertaking completely.
Voltaire, who also commented on other matters in which Boyer was involved, wrote:
But Boyer's eloquence was appreciated by some of his contemporaries, as Charles Le Beau recorded:
References
1675 births
1755 deaths
Bishops of Mirepoix
Members of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres
Members of the Académie Française
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Clergy from Paris
Richard Keith Armey (; born July 7, 1940) is an American economist and politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Texas's (1985–2003) and House Majority Leader (1995–2003). He was one of the engineers of the "Republican Revolution" of the 1990s, in which Republicans were elected to majorities of both houses of Congress for the first time in four decades. Armey was one of the chief authors of the Contract with America. Armey is also an author and former economics professor. After his retirement from Congress, he has worked as a consultant, advisor, and lobbyist.
Early life, education and career
Armey was born on July 7, 1940 in the farming town of Cando, North Dakota, the son of Marion (née Gutschlag) and Glenn Armey. He grew up in a rural area. He graduated from Jamestown College with a B.A. and then received an M.A. from the University of North Dakota and a PhD in economics from the University of Oklahoma. Armey is a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity.
Armey served on the economics faculty at the University of Montana from 1964 to 1965. He was an assistant professor of economics at West Texas State (now West Texas A&M University) from 1967 to 1968, at Austin College from 1968 to 1972, and at North Texas State (now the University of North Texas) from 1972 to 1977. He served as chairman of the economics department at North Texas State University from 1977 to 1983.
Armey has been married twice. His first marriage ended in divorce, but resulted in three children. Even though she called off the wedding three times, he married his second wife, Susan Armey, who already had two children.
U.S. House of Representatives
Armey was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1984 in Texas's 26th congressional district, narrowly defeating freshman congressman Tom Vandergriff. Armey was one of six freshmen Republican Party congressmen elected from Texas in 1984 that were known as the Texas Six Pack. He would never face another contest anywhere near that close, and was reelected eight more times, never dropping below 68 percent of the vote. His strongest performance was in 1998, when the Democrats didn't field a candidate and Armey defeated a Libertarian with 88 percent of the vote. This mirrored the growing Republican trend in his district.
In his early years in Congress, Armey was influenced by Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises.
The Republican Revolution and party leadership
In 1994, Armey, then House Republican Conference Chairman, joined Minority Whip Newt Gingrich in drafting the Contract with America. Republican members credited this election platform with the Republican takeover of Congress (the Republican Revolution). Gingrich became Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and Armey became Gingrich's second-in-command as House Majority Leader. Gingrich delegated to Armey an unprecedented level of authority over scheduling legislation on the House floor, a power traditionally reserved to the Speaker.
In 1995, Armey referred to openly gay Congressman Barney Frank as "Barney Fag". Armey said it was a slip of the tongue. Frank did not accept Armey's explanation, saying, "I turned to my own expert, my mother, who reports that in 59 years of marriage, no one ever introduced her as Elsie Fag."
Leadership challenges
In the summer of 1997, several House Republicans attempted to replace Gingrich as Speaker. The attempted "coup" began on July 9 with a meeting between Republican conference chairman John Boehner of Ohio and Republican leadership chairman Bill Paxon of New York. According to their plan, House Majority Leader Armey, House Majority Whip Tom DeLay, Boehner, and Paxon were to present Gingrich with an ultimatum: resign, or be voted out. Under the new plan, Paxon was to replace Gingrich as Speaker. However, Armey balked at the proposal, and told his chief of staff to warn Gingrich about the coup. On July 11, Gingrich met with senior Republican leadership to assess the situation. He explained that under no circumstance would he step down. If he were voted out, there would be a new election for Speaker, which would allow for the possibility that Democrats and dissenting Republicans would vote in Dick Gephardt as Speaker. Paxon resigned his post, feeling that he had not handled the situation correctly. Paxon later considered, then rejected, a challenge to Armey's post as majority leader, and did not run for re-election in 1998.
Republicans suffered heavy losses in the 1998 elections, but remained the majority party in the House. Armey had to defeat a challenge for his majority leader post from Steve Largent of Oklahoma, a member of the Republican class of 1994. Although Armey was not popular in the Republican caucus, Largent was thought to be too conservative for some moderate Republicans, and Armey won on the third ballot.
Gingrich had already resigned as Speaker in the aftermath of the 1998 election, with Bob Livingston of Louisiana chosen by the party to serve as his replacement. Before the new Congress convened in January, however, Livingston announced he would not serve as Speaker, following the revelation of an extramarital affair. Armey initially seemed to have the inside track to become Speaker; as majority leader, he was the number-two Republican in the chamber. However, he was still badly wounded from Largent's challenge, and opted not to run. The post eventually went to Chief Deputy Whip Dennis Hastert of Illinois.
Later congressional career
Armey served another four years before announcing his retirement in 2002.
In his later terms in office, Armey feuded with Focus on the Family leader James Dobson. Armey wrote, "As Majority Leader, I remember vividly a meeting with the House leadership where Dobson scolded us for having failed to 'deliver' for Christian conservatives, that we owed our majority to him, and that he had the power to take our jobs back. This offended me, and I told him so." Armey states that Focus on the Family targeted him politically after the incident, writing, "Focus on the Family deliberately perpetuates the lie that I am a consultant to the ACLU." Armey has also said that "Dobson and his gang of thieves is real nasty bullies."
In Armey's final term, he was named chairman of the United States House Committee on Homeland Security and was the primary sponsor of the legislation that created the Department of Homeland Security. After Armey's retirement, fellow Texan Tom DeLay was elevated to Armey's Majority Leader position. Armey's son, Scott, ran for his father's seat in the 2002 election, but lost in the Republican Party runoff to Michael C. Burgess, who would go on to hold the strongly Republican 26th District for the GOP in November.
One of Armey's former Congressional staff members, Dade Phelan, was elected in 2014 to the Texas House of Representatives as a Republican, representing the Beaumont area in House District 21. In January 2021, Phelan was elected the 76th Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives.
Advisor and lobbyist
DLA Piper
After leaving office, Armey joined the Washington office of the law firm DLA Piper as a senior policy advisor. Armey was also the firm's co-chairman of its Homeland Security Task Force. In 2009, Armey's FreedomWorks group launched a campaign against health care reform proposals, accusing the Obama administration of attempting to "socialize medicine". DLA Piper was concerned about the conflict of interest, particularly since their clients were spending millions in advertising and lobbying money to support the passage of health care reform, and FreedomWorks was linked to demonstrations at town hall forums where health care reform was being discussed. Amid what Politico called "the health care flap", DLA Piper asked Armey to resign in August 2009, and he left the firm.
FreedomWorks
In 2003, Armey became co-chairman of Citizens for a Sound Economy, which in 2004 merged with Empower America to become FreedomWorks. The group's name was derived from a common Armey saying: "Freedom works. Freedom is good policy and good politics." FreedomWorks is a conservative non-profit organization based in Washington D.C. In his role as chairman, Armey was a national political figure. He traveled widely, meeting with activists and legislators. In 2005, he testified before the President's Advisory Panel on Tax Reform and debated Governor of Colorado Bill Owens on a tax increase ballot measure. The Center for Public Integrity reported that Armey was paid $500,000 per year and flew first class, along with other FreedomWorks employees, for work travel.
On December 3, 2012 Mother Jones reported that Armey, in an email on November 30 to Matt Kibbe, president of FreedomWorks Inc., resigned his positions as chairman and trustee of FreedomWorks and severed all his ties to that organization, effective immediately. Mother Jones reported that Armey's reasons for resigning were "matters of principle. It's how you do business as opposed to what you do. But I don't want to be the guy to create problems." The Associated Press reported that in September 2012, Armey agreed to resign by November 2012 in exchange for $8 million in consulting fees paid in annual $400,000 installments.
On December 25, 2012, The Washington Post reported that Armey had escorted Matt Kibbe and FreedomWorks' Vice President Adam Brandon out of the FreedomWorks offices with the help of an armed guard on September 4, 2012. Armey reportedly wanted FreedomWorks to support Todd Akin after his controversial "legitimate rape" comments.
Political positions
Economy and taxation
As a free-market economist influenced by the ideas of Milton Friedman, Armey favored relatively open immigration and advocated for free trade. Armey was one of Congress's fervent supporters of privatization of Social Security and phasing-out of farm subsidies. He was a strong supporter of replacing the progressive tax with a flat tax. Armey was very critical of a competing tax reform proposal that would replace the current system with a national sales tax, the FairTax. During his time in Congress, Armey conceived the Base Realignment and Closure Commission that became responsible for closing military bases as a cost-cutting measure. After his retirement from Congress, he told The New York Times: "A lot of people say if you cut defense, you're demonstrating less than a full commitment to our nation's security, and that's baloney."
Health care
In 1999, Armey sponsored the Fair Care for the Uninsured Act, something that would later be proposed by Mark Kennedy after Armey left Congress. It proposed using tax credits to offset the cost of health insurance, allowing individuals to go outside the workplace to obtain private health coverage directly from an insurance company, and the creation of a "safety net" for the uninsured. The law never made it through Congress, but some of these concepts did make it into the Massachusetts health care reform of 2006 and from there into the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in 2010. Armey is a vocal opponent of the individual mandate to purchase health benefits. He also voiced public opposition to the individual mandate when it was proposed by First Lady Hillary Clinton during the contentious national health care reform debate of 1993 and 1994.
Foreign policy
In 2006, Michael Isikoff's book Hubris included Armey as an on-the-record source, who said he was initially reluctant to support the Bush administration's call for war with Iraq, and that he had warned President George W. Bush that such a war might be a "quagmire". Armey said that the intelligence presented to him in support of the war appeared questionable, but he gave Bush the benefit of the doubt. According to Barton Gellman, former Vice President Dick Cheney told Armey that Saddam Hussein's family had direct ties to Al-Qaeda and that Saddam was developing miniature nuclear weapons. Armey then voted for the Iraq War, but after it became clear this was not true, stated that he "deserved better from Cheney than to be bullshitted by him." Robert Draper's Dead Certain: The Presidency of George W. Bush recounts a conversation in late summer 2002 between Armey and Cheney. Armey insisted that American forces would get "mired down" in Iraq if they invaded, but Cheney offered this assurance: "They're going to welcome us. It'll be like the American army going through the streets of Paris. They're sitting there ready to form a new government. The people will be so happy with their freedoms that we'll probably back ourselves out of there within a month or two."
On May 1, 2002, on MSNBC's Hardball with Chris Matthews, Armey called for Palestinians to be expelled from the Palestinian Occupied Territories. Armey, a staunch supporter of Israel, repeatedly said that he would be "content" with Israel completely taking over all of the Palestinian Occupied Territories and transferring the Palestinian population out. He further stated that the Palestinians could then build their state in the "many Arab nations that have many hundreds of thousands of acres of land".
Books
References
External links
Dick Armey political contributions from Influence Explorer at the Sunlight Foundation
Richard K. Armey Collection and Photograph Series at the Carl Albert Center
at FreedomWorks
Armey in Exile, Luke Mullins, The Washingtonian, June 26, 2013
1940 births
Living people
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century Presbyterians
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century Presbyterians
Activists from Texas
American Christian Zionists
Economists from Texas
American Presbyterians
Majority leaders of the United States House of Representatives
People from Towner County, North Dakota
People from Denton County, Texas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Texas
Tea Party movement activists
University of Jamestown alumni
University of North Dakota alumni
University of North Texas faculty
University of Oklahoma alumni
20th-century American male writers
American male non-fiction writers
Economists from North Dakota
21st-century American economists
20th-century American economists
21st-century American male writers
Weasel While You Work is a 1958 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Robert McKimson. The cartoon was released on September 6, 1958, and features Foghorn Leghorn and the Barnyard Dawg. The weasel seen in this short previously appeared in Plop Goes the Weasel (1953) and Weasel Stop (1956).
Unlike many Foghorn shorts, this one takes place during the winter. The title is a pun on the phrase "whistle while you work".
Plot
At wintertime, Foghorn grabs Barnyard Dawg from his doghouse, coats him in snow, and puts snowman decorations on him. Dawg emerges from the snowman and says he'll "moidah da bum!". He sharpens one of Foghorn's ice skates, which causes Foghorn to fall through the ice when he skates a circle. In revenge, Foghorn rolls a snowball down the hill toward Dawg, who moves out of the way, doghouse and all, just before the now giant snowball hits a curve and flies back at Foghorn, burying him. Foghorn emerges, declaring "That dog's like taxes. He just doesn't know when to stop".
Suddenly, Foghorn is attacked by a ravenously hungry weasel who gnaws Foghorn's leg. Foghorn grabs the weasel and asks him if he wouldn't prefer some venison. Foghorn slips antlers onto Dawg's head and directs the weasel to him. The weasel attacks Dawg's leg. Dawg notices the antlers and removes them, and asks the weasel how he'd like some frozen chicken.
Foghorn is knocked unconscious when his sled hits a log Dawg has placed in his path. While Foghorn is down, Dawg covers him in water, which freezes him. Dawg tells weasel to eat hearty, so the weasel hits the frozen Foghorn with an axe. Foghorn says he's got a splitting headache and falls in half. To get revenge, Foghorn traps Dawg in a corset making him look like a seal and gives him to the weasel to cook. While being peppered, Dawg sneezes, which causes an avalanche of snow to fall on him. A furious Dawg tells the weasel that he's a dog and that he should get a chicken instead, cryptically pointing out Foghorn tricking him. ("What you want is a chicken! R-A-T. Chicken."). Later, the skiing Foghorn hits a tall pole and slides into a cooking pot, where the weasel is hungrily waiting. Foghorn bolts, but Dawg hands a club to the weasel, who chases Foghorn until he is distracted by a huge Foghorn ice statue, which he proceeds to gnaw on.
The real Foghorn, watching from behind a tree, thinks his troubles are over until at least the Fourth of July. In the final setpiece, Foghorn pulls on what he thinks is Barnyard Dawg's tail from his doghouse, but it's revealed to be a lit rocket that shoots Foghorn into the sky. As the cartoon ends, Dawg remarks: "The Fourth of July came a little oily this year! Heh heh heh...".
Production
This is one of six cartoons scored by using stock music by John Seely of Capitol Records from the Hi-Q library because of a musicians' strike in 1958. The others are A Bird in a Bonnet, Hook, Line and Stinker, Pre-Hysterical Hare, Gopher Broke, and Hip Hip-Hurry!.
Mel Blanc supplied the voices of Foghorn Leghorn, Barnyard Dawg, and the weasel.
Cartoon Network region error
In 2016, Cartoon Network USA accidentally used the Russian dubbed version of the short instead of the English version and ran it several times. The regional incident was a mistake to Cartoon Network.
Critical response
According to Michael Samerdyke, Weasel While You Work is "a very strong late Foghorn Leghorn cartoon .... The only jarring note, as several writers have noted, is the music by John Seely", which Samerdyke says is ill-suited to the Warner Bros. style.
The short was reviewed in Hollywood Classics, volume 23.
Cast
Mel Blanc – Foghorn Leghorn / Barnyard Dawg / Willy the Weasel
See also
List of American films of 1958
References
External links
1958 films
1958 animated films
1958 short films
1950s Warner Bros. animated short films
Merrie Melodies short films
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
Films directed by Robert McKimson
Films about chickens
Films with screenplays by Michael Maltese
1950s English-language films
Foghorn Leghorn films
Films about Mustelidae
The Würzburger Trap is a chess opening trap in the Vienna Gambit. It was named around 1930 for German banker Max Würzburger.
The trap
1. e4 e5 2. Nc3 Nf6 3. f4
White plays the Vienna Gambit.
3... d5
Thought to be the best reply.
4. fxe5 Nxe4 5. d3
White also has lines beginning 5.Qf3 (Steinitz) and 5.Nf3, but neither achieves an advantage.
5... Qh4+
Initiating the trap. Black has other choices 5...Bb4 and 5...Nxc3.
6. g3 Nxg3 7. Nf3 Qh5 8. Nxd5 Bg4
8...Nxh1? 9.Nxc7+ Kd8 10.Nxa8 leads to advantage for White.
9. Nf4
White can obtain the better game with 9.Bg2 Nxh1 (9...Bxf3 10.Qxf3 Qxe5+ 11.Kd1 Nxh1 12.Bf4 Qxb2 13.Qe4+ Hamann–Schvenkrantz, Germany 1965; 10...Qxf3 11.Bxf3 Nxa1 12.Nxc7+ Kd7 13.Nxa8 Bc5 14.Bxh1 Nc6 15.Bf4 Arhangel'skij–Popov, USSR 1958; Larsen) 10.Nxc7+ Kd7 (10...Kd8 11.Nxa8 Nc6 12.d4 Bxf3 13.Qxf3 Qxf3 14.Bxf3 Nxd4 15.Bg5+ Be7 16.Rd1+−; Larsen) 11.Nxa8 Nc6.
9... Bxf3 10. Nxh5 Bxd1 11. hxg3 Bxc2?
Black tries to win a pawn, but instead loses a .
12. b3
The black bishop on c2 is trapped; White will win it by playing Kd2 next turn.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Chess traps
1930 in chess
Bernhard Bauer (born 10 October 1967 in Oberwössen) is a retired German alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1967 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Tiyara is a village located in the south east corner of Azamgarh district under Lalganj tehsil. The village is governed by a gram panchayat.
References
External links
http://wikimapia.org/#lat=25.6837673&lon=83.1714821&z=15&l=0&m=a&v=2
Villages in Azamgarh district
The Miller House was built by Lafayette, Colorado's town founder Mary Miller. Miller arrived in Colorado in 1863 and after discovering coal on her land, she opened a mine and in 1888 established the coal town of Lafayette. She made charitable donations to coal mining families and the town. The Miller House was built in the late 1880s in the center of the original 150-acre townsite. She operated a school in her house on East Cleveland Street until she established the town's first school.
The house maintains its original appears, aside from the application of siding. The house is historically significant to the town for Miller's role as "the founder of the community, who was also responsible as well for the development of the coal industry in Lafayette." The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 20, 1983.
References
Lafayette, Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Boulder County, Colorado
1880s establishments in the United States
Walter Wolfgang Heller (27 August 1915 – 15 June 1987) was a leading American economist of the 1960s, and an influential adviser to President John F. Kennedy as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, 1961–64.
Life and career
Heller was born in Buffalo, New York, to German immigrants, Gertrude (Warmburg) and Ernst Heller, a civil engineer. After attending Shorewood High School in Shorewood, Wisconsin, he entered Oberlin College in 1931, graduating with a B.A. degree in 1935. Heller received his masters and doctorate degrees in economics from the University of Wisconsin.
As a Keynesian, he promoted cuts in the marginal federal income tax rates. This tax cut, which was passed by President Lyndon B. Johnson and Congress after Kennedy's death, was credited for boosting the U.S. economy. Heller developed the first "voluntary" wage-price guidelines. When the steel industry failed to follow them, it was publicly attacked by Kennedy and quickly complied. Heller was one of the first to emphasize that tax deductions and tax preferences narrowed the income tax base, thus requiring, for a given amount of revenue, higher marginal tax rates. The historic tax cut and its positive effect on the economy has often been cited as motivation for more recent tax cuts by Republicans.
The day after Kennedy was assassinated, Heller met with President Johnson in the Oval Office. To get the country going again, Heller suggested a major initiative he called the "War on Poverty", which Johnson adopted enthusiastically. Later, when Johnson insisted on escalating the Vietnam War without raising taxes, setting the stage for an inflationary spiral, Heller resigned.
In the early phases of his career, Heller contributed to the creation of the Marshall Plan of 1947, and was instrumental in re-establishing the German currency following World War II, which helped usher an economic boom in West Germany.
Heller was critical of Milton Friedman's followers and labelled them cultish: "Some of them are Friedmanly, some Friedmanian, some Friedmanesque, some Friedmanic and some Friedmaniacs."
Heller joined the University of Minnesota faculty as an associate professor of economics in 1945, left for a few years to serve in government, and returned in the 1960s, eventually serving as chair of the Department of Economics. He built it into a top-ranked department with spectacular hires, including future Nobel Prize winners Leonid Hurwicz (2007), Edward C. Prescott (2004), Thomas J. Sargent (2011) and Christopher A. Sims (2011).
Heller was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1962 and the American Philosophical Society in 1975.
Heller died in Silverdale, Washington on June 15, 1987 at the age of 71. In 1999, the University of Minnesota renamed the Management and Economics Tower, located on the West Bank of their Minneapolis campus, Walter W. Heller Hall in honor of the late Walter Heller. The building houses student advising services in addition to providing classroom space.
In 2010, the University of Minnesota Department of Economics announced the creation of the Heller-Hurwicz Economics Institute, honoring the legacies of Walter Heller and fellow Minnesota faculty member Leonid Hurwicz.
References
Primary sources
Heller, Walter. Monetary vs. Fiscal Policy (a dialogue with Milton Friedman). 1969.
Heller, Walter. New Dimensions of Political Economy. 1966.
External links
1915 births
1987 deaths
20th-century American economists
American people of German descent
Distinguished Fellows of the American Economic Association
Economists from Washington (state)
Economists from Wisconsin
Keynesians
Macroeconomists
Oberlin College alumni
Presidents of the American Economic Association
Scientists from Milwaukee
People from Silverdale, Washington
University of Michigan faculty
University of Minnesota faculty
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
Shorewood High School (Wisconsin) alumni
Chairs of the United States Council of Economic Advisers
Members of the American Philosophical Society
The environment of Trinidad and Tobago reflects the interaction between its biotic diversity, high population density, and industrialised economy.
Environment of Trinidad and Tobago
Biota/Fauna
The flora of Trinidad and Tobago is believed to include about 2,500 species of vascular plants. There are about 50 species of freshwater fish (plus 30 marine species which are occasionally found in freshwater) 400–500 marine fish species, 30 amphibian species, about 90 reptiles, 469 species of birds, and 98 mammal species.
Geography
Land
Water
Climate change
Energy
Pollution control
Protected areas
Waste management
Environmental policy and law
Treaties and international agreements
Trinidad and Tobago is a signatory to a number of treaties and international agreements:
party to:
Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Endangered Species, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Nuclear Test Ban, Ozone Layer Protection, Tropical Timber 83, Tropical Timber 94, Wetlands
signed, but not ratified:
none of the selected agreements
Environmental organisations
Environmental issues
Environmental issues are water pollution from agricultural chemicals, industrial wastes, and raw sewage; oil pollution of beaches; deforestation; soil erosion.
Trinidad and Tobago had a 2018 Forest Landscape Integrity Index mean score of 6.62/10, ranking it 69th globally out of 172 countries.
See also
List of environmental issues
References
External links
Environmental Management Authority
Season 1886–87 was the eleventh season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the eleventh time.
Overview
Hearts reached the third round of the Scottish Cup and were knocked out by Edinburgh rivals Hibs. They also competed in the FA Cup being knocked out by Darwen in the first round.
Later that season they reached the final of the East of Scotland Shield losing for the second time in the season to Hibs.
Results
Scottish Cup
FA Cup
East of Scotland Shield
Rosebery Charity Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 86-87
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Hearts
Seakeeping ability or seaworthiness is a measure of how well-suited a watercraft is to conditions when underway. A ship or boat which has good seakeeping ability is said to be very seaworthy and is able to operate effectively even in high sea states.
Measure
In 1976, St. Denis suggested four principal terms needed to describe a seakeeping performance. These are:
Mission: what the ship is intended to accomplish. The role of the ship while at sea.
Environment: the conditions under which the ship is operating. This can be described as sea state, wind speed, geographic region or some combination thereof.
Ship responses: the response of the ship to the environmental conditions. The responses are a function of the environment and the vessel characteristics.
Seakeeping performance criteria: the established limits for the ship's responses. These are based on the ship motions and the accelerations experienced, and include comfort criteria such as noise, vibration and sea sickness, performance based values such as involuntary speed reduction, and observable phenomena such as bow immersion.
A drillship and a ferry have different missions and operate in different environments. The performance criteria will be different as well. Both may be considered seaworthy, although for different reasons based on different criteria.
Background
In ship design it is important to pre-determine the behavior of the ship or floating structure when it is subjected to waves. This can be calculated, found through physical model testing and ultimately measured on board the vessel. Calculations can be performed analytically for simple shapes like rectangular barges, but need to be calculated by computer for any realistic shaped ship. The results of some of these calculations or model tests are transfer functions called Response Amplitude Operators (RAO). For a floating structure they will need to be calculated for all six motions and for all relative wave headings.
Ship motions are important for determining dynamic loading on the crew, passengers, ship system components, secured cargo, and structural elements. Excessive ship motions may hinder the vessel's ability to complete its mission such as the deployment and recovery of small boats or aircraft. A measure of an individual's ability to complete a specific task while on board a moving ship is the Motion Induced Interruptions (MII). It gives an indication of the number of events in which a standing person will look for support in order to maintain balance. MII is measured in occurrences per hour.
Ship motions have physiological effects on ship passengers and crew. The magnitudes and accelerations of ship motions, (particularly heave, roll and pitch) have adverse effects on passengers and shipboard personnel. Sea sickness will have negative effects on the ability of crew to accomplish tasks and maintain alertness and will obviously distress passengers. An important metric in evaluating sea sickness is the Motion Sickness Incidence (MSI). The most important study on MSI was published in Aerospace Medicine by O'Hanlon and McCauley in 1974, which established common subjective thresholds of MSI tolerance. MSI is measured in percentage of people who experience sea sickness during a given amount of exposure time. A commonly accepted limit of MSI is 20% occurrence of sea sickness over a four-hour exposure period. A small percentage of people are very susceptible to sea sickness and become ill even in the slightest conditions, while other people rarely get sea sick despite severe conditions. It has also been shown that most people acclimate to ship motions within a period of about four days, but some never acclimate at all.
Seakeeping directly impacts the design of a vessel. Ship motions are considered when determining the principal dimensions of the ship and in developing the general arrangements of the ship's internal spaces. For example, in most vessels the far forward parts of the ship experience the worst ship motions and are commonly unacceptable for berthing passengers or crew. In exceptional cases where ship motions pose a threat to crew, structure or machinery, or when ship motions interfere with the ability of the ship to accomplish its mission, then the design must be modified so that ship motions are reduced.
Factors
A number of factors affect seakeeping or how correctly the ship responds.
Size: A larger ship will generally have lower motions than a smaller one. This is because the relative size of the waves is lower.
Displacement : A heavier ship will generally have lower motions than a lighter one. Given that the wave energy is the same for each vessel and provides the exciting force, the one with the greater mass will have the lower accelerations.
Stability: A stable ship will tend to follow the wave profile more closely than a less stable one. This means that a more stable ship will generally have higher accelerations but lower amplitudes of motion.
Freeboard : The greater a vessel's freeboard the less likely it is to immerse the deck. Deck immersion is often a seakeeping criterion, as it affects mission capability in a number of ships.
Human factor: Often the most critical factors in seakeeping, especially in small vessels, are the experience and skills of the crew in extreme situations. Allied to these are avoiding seasickness, getting sufficient sleep, food and drink and staying injury-free for the duration of an extreme event.
Sea state, wave spectrum and relative direction. There may be undesirable resonances at some frequencies. Pitch and roll may be excited to dangerous amplitudes if the natural frequency of the hull coincides with incidence of waves and there is insufficient damping. Ship heading and speed have a large influence on the frequency of incidence of waves.
Damping of pitch and roll counteract resonant motions. Sometimes a change to the moment of inertia by shifting ballast can detune resonance.
Directional stability, or yaw stability, which affects course-keeping, particularly in bow and quartering seas, and in overtaking seas, when flow velocity past the rudder may drop significantly, or become negative, while bow immersion may simultaneously increase, moving the centre of lateral area forward.
Response to given sea conditions by a given hull may vary considerably depending on loading, free-surface of tanks, weight distribution, speed, and direction of travel.
See also
Related subjects
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Factors of seaworthiness
Nautical terminology
Transport law
Water transport
David Robinson (November 22, 1754 – December 11, 1843) was a Vermont soldier active in the American Revolution, ultimately promoted to the rank of Major General.
Robinson was born in Hardwick, Massachusetts as the eighth child of Captain Samuel Robinson, and his siblings included Samuel Robinson Jr., Moses Robinson, and Jonathan Robinson. The family moved to Bennington, Vermont with their father in 1761.
David Robinson served in the Revolution as a private at the Battle of Bennington on August 16, 1777, and rose rapidly by regular promotion to the rank of Major General. He resigned that office in 1817. From 1789-1811 he also served as sheriff of Bennington County, then was appointed United States Marshal, which office he held until 1819. Robinson died in Bennington on December 11, 1843 and was buried in Bennington's Old Cemetery.
References
Sources
New England Families, Genealogical and Memorial: A Record of the Achievements of Her People in the Making of Commonwealths and the Founding of a Nation, Volume 1, William Richard Cutter, Lewis Historical Publishing Company, 1913, pages 156-157.
Genealogical and Family History of the State of Vermont: A Record of the Achievements of Her People in the Making of a Commonwealth and the Founding of a Nation, Hiram Carleton, Genealogical Publishing Com, 2003, pages 280-281. .
People from Bennington, Vermont
1754 births
1843 deaths
Ultra Orange & Emmanuelle was a collaboration between French actress Emmanuelle Seigner and Ultra Orange.
Background
The Ultra Orange of this merger is duo Pierre Emery and Gil Lesage, who released two previous albums in France before teaming up with Seigner. Their self-titled album was released on 26 March 2007. They have been likened to such artists as Velvet Underground, Mazzy Star, Sonic Youth, and even Brigitte Bardot.
Discography
Ultra Orange & Emmanuelle
"Sing Sing" – 3:31
"Simple Words" – 4:42
"Rosemary's Lullaby" – 4:57
"Bunny" – 3:06
"Lines of My Hand" – 2:31
"Touch My Shadow" – 3:31
"Don't Kiss Me Goodbye" – 4:15
"Won't Lovers Revolt Now" – 3:30
"Nobody Knows" – 4:30
"The Good from the Bad" – 3:19
"One Day" – 2:34
Notes
The lead single from the album was "Sing Sing", the music video was shot in black and white. It had a limited run on ABCs Rage Music Program.
The song "Don't Kiss Me Goodbye" is featured in the movie Le Scaphandre et le papillon (The Diving Bell and the Butterfly).
The song "Rosemary's Lullaby" samples the basic tune of the theme from the Roman Polanski film Rosemary's Baby. Emmanuelle Seigner is married to Polanski.
References
French musical groups
Hasan Agamammad oglu Mammadov (; 22 November 1938 – 26 August 2003) was a theater and cinema actor of Azerbaijan, People's Artist of Azerbaijan (1982) received USSR and Azerbaijan State Awards.
Life
Hasan Mammadov was born on November 22, 1938, in the Salyan district of Azerbaijan. He graduated from secondary school No 2 in 1956 and entered the Physics-Mathematics faculty of the Azerbaijan State University (present-day Baku State University). In the second course, he left the university and for a while acted as an assistant in various theaters.
In 1962, he graduated from the Theatrical Institute of the Azerbaijan State University of Culture and Arts. He worked at the State Radio (1960-1961) at certain intervals in these years. Mammadov was assigned to the Academic National Drama Theater in 1962. Since that year he began to act in cinema. Mammadov was shot in more than 50 films.
On September 10, 1962, he became an actor of this art center. For several times he left the theater regarding with movie shootings and returned again to the theater.
Hasan Mammadov began to work in "Azerbaijanfilm" studio on February 2, 1972. On May 17, 1989, he played the role of Ilyas Ibrahimov in the play by Cemil Elibeyov's (Producer Director Agakishi Kazimov). In 1992 Mammadov was invited by the director and art director of the Academic Theater, Hasan Turabov to his collective.
The actor played the roles in the plays by Azerbaijani and European classics, contemporary Azerbaijani and foreign playwrights.
He was shot in the films "Great Support" (Garash), "Arshin mal alan" (Asker), "The Day Passed" (Oktai), "Stab in the Back!" (Gamarlinsky), "Forgive us" (Nariman) "At midnight the day after tomorrow" (Baba Aliyev), "Investigation" (Murad), "Dada Gorgud (1975, film)" (Dede Gorgud), "Last Cross" (Abbasgulu Agha Shadlinski), "Sevil" (Balash), "I want seven sons" (Bakhtiyar), "In a southern city" (Murad), "Golden goose" (Farman), "Winds are blowing in Baku" (General), "Apples are similar” (Gurban), "Investigation continues” (Azimov), "The Witness Girl" (Colonel), "Grief Window" (Mammadhasan Uncle), "Papag" (Mirza Safar), "Tahmina", "Both visit and Trade" (Alimurad), "Zirve" (Kamil).
Mammadov died on August 26, 2003, and was buried in the Second Honorary Alley.
Awards
Hasan (Abulhasan) Aghamammad oghlu Mammadov was honored artist of the Republic of Azerbaijan on November 18, 1971, and people's artist on December 1, 1982. On November 5, 1981, he was awarded the State Prize of the Republic of Azerbaijan for the roles "Baba Aliyev" in the film "At midnight the day after tomorrow" (Baba Aliyev) and "Murad" in the film "Investigation". In 1970 he was a laureate of the Republican Lenin Komsomol Prize.
References
External links
See also
List of People's Artists of the Azerbaijan SSR
1938 births
2003 deaths
Azerbaijani male film actors
Azerbaijani male stage actors
Soviet male film actors
Soviet male stage actors
Azerbaijan State University of Culture and Arts alumni
People from Salyan District (Azerbaijan)
Burials at II Alley of Honor
The Adam T. Bower Memorial Dam (formerly known as the Sunbury Fabridam) is the world's longest inflatable dam. The dam is located just below the confluence of the Western and Main Branches of the Susquehanna River, in Upper Augusta Township, between the town of Shamokin Dam and the city of Sunbury, Pennsylvania.
The dam is 2,100 feet (640 m) long. When it is raised in the summer time, it creates the 3,000 acre (12 km²) Lake Augusta, which is used for recreation. The dam and lake are part of Shikellamy State Park.
In 2001, the dam was renamed for Adam T. Bower, Chief Clerk of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1967–68 and Director of Services during the Pennsylvania Constitutional Convention of 1967-68, by Act 2001-5 of the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
There are plans underway to add a fish ladder to the dam. The fish ladder is primarily to allow the American shad to access the upper part of the Susquehanna. For the 2007 season the dam was slated to be deflated slowly over the period from August 20 through August 23. This earlier than usual lowering of the dam was to facilitate the replacement and repair of at least 3 of the synthetic bags which comprise the dam.
Shamokin Dam
On this site there was the earlier Shamokin Dam. This dam maintained an adequate water level for ferry traffic across the Susquehanna from Shamokin (now Sunbury) to the west bank. It was destroyed in March, 1904 by the breakup of 22 inches (56 cm) of ice in the spring thaw. This is the dam for which the west bank town of Shamokin Dam was named.
There is another, existing, low head dam 1.2 miles (1.9 km) down stream, for the Shamokin Dam Power Plant.
References
External links
Lake Augusta
Shikellamy State Park
1893 Topographic Map showing the old Shamokin Dam
Dams in Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Snyder County, Pennsylvania
Dams on the Susquehanna River
Kannur Deluxe is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language thriller film, directed by A. B. Raj and produced by T. E. Vasudevan who wrote the story under the pseudonym V. Devan. It is the first road movie in Malayalam which pivots on a theft that occurs in a bus and stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Adoor Bhasi. The film was released on 16 May 1969.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as Thirumeni /CID Officer
Adoor Bhasi as Chanthu, Thirumeni's Assistant/Assi. CID Officer
K. P. Ummer as Venu, K. B. Pillai's Son
Sankaradi as Kammath, a Passenger
Sheela as Lady on the Bus
N. Govindan Kutty as KBS Nair
Jose Prakash as Gopalakrishnan, the thief
T. R. Omana as K G Pillai's wife
Nellikkodu Bhaskaran as Bus Conductor
G. K. Pillai as K. B. Pillai
Paravoor Bharathan as K B Pillai's company manager
P. Sreekumar K R Radha a Job aspirant
Ammini
Abbas
Kottayam Chellappan
Paappi
K. Radhakrishnan
M. Radhakrishnan
Production
The film is perhaps the first road movie in Malayalam. A real life incident that occurred at Cherthala in Alappuzha district of Kerala inspired the modus operandi used to arrest the thief in the film. Major portions of the film were shot inside Kannur Deluxe, a KSRTC bus service between Trivandrum and Kannur that was started in 1967 and is still on. The indoor portions were shot at Vahini, Arunachalam, and Newton Studios. I. V. Sasi worked as assistant director in the film.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
Historical importance
The film helped the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) to win a trademark case against the Karnataka Road Transport Corporation by submitting its scenes with the KSRTC logo as prime evidence. The scenes were used to prove that the Transport Corporation existed in Kerala even before the Karnataka RTC.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1960s thriller films
1969 films
Films set in Kerala
Films shot in Kannur
Films shot in Thiruvananthapuram
Indian road movies
Indian thriller films
The Mix Tape is a mixtape by American rapper and producer KRS-One. It was released on August 27, 2002 via Koch Records in promotion of the musician's 6th studio album Kristyles the following year. Recording sessions took place at Pride Rock Studios in Los Angeles with additional recording at Salaamin Studios also in Los Angeles. Production was handled by Inebriated Beats, Milann Miles, Rick Long, A-Sharp, BJ Wheeler, Da Beatminerz, Pleasure King and KRS-One himself. It features guest appearances from Kim-O, Kool DJ Red Alert, Priest and Steph Lova.
It is quite short with four interludes making up the 13 tracks. It is known for the song "Ova Here" which disses Nelly, as KRS-One was under the impression Nelly dissed him on the track "#1" from his album Nellyville and the Training Day soundtrack.
A proper but very limited version of the street album was released in Europe under the title Prophets vs. Profits. That version features lesser skits and has a few additional tracks although a pair of tracks on The Mix Tape is missing from Prophets vs. Profits.
Track listing
Personnel
DJ Tiné Tim – engineering, mixing
Harold English – engineering, mixing
G. Simone – executive producer
Jeff Chenault – artwork
Charts
References
External links
KRS-One albums
2002 mixtape albums
Albums produced by KRS-One
Albums produced by Da Beatminerz
Kadri Bajri (1823-1913) was an Albanian commander of the Albanian League of Prizren from Rugova.
Life
Kadri Bajri was one of the leaders of the Albanian uprisings from Koshutan in Rugova. He was a commander for the League of Prizren in the Battles for Plav and Gusinje, where he arrived with 300 men from Rugova.
Legacy
There are many folk songs about Kadri Bajri in Albanian, such as:
Kadri Bajri po e ç'vesh shpatën,
Po i shkëlqen si hana natën,
Hana natën e dielli ditën,
N'Kaqanik e kanë zanë pritën,
N'Kaqanik të Guri i Ç'pum,
Gjysa dekum, gjysa t'varruem...
References
Activists of the Albanian National Awakening
1823 births
1913 deaths
Albanian nationalists in Kosovo
19th-century Albanian military personnel
People from Kosovo vilayet
19th-century Albanian people
Kosovo Albanians
Onebala iridosoma is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1918. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with three irregular pale blue-metallic transverse streaks, obtusely angulated and interrupted above the middle, the first from near the base of the costa to one-third of the dorsum, the second from one-third of the costa to beyond the middle of the dorsum, the third from three-fifths of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum, the two latter with white on the costal edge. There is some brownish-ochreous suffusion between these on the subdorsal area, as well as a curved brownish-ochreous line from above the middle of the third streak to four-fifths of the dorsum. There is also a violet-silvery metallic subterminal streak, angulated above the middle and indented between this and the costa. The apical and terminal area beyond this is brownish ochreous, with four blackish longitudinal marks, and a black marginal line. The hindwings are blackish grey, lighter anteriorly.
References
Moths described in 1918
Onebala
Armstead is a former community in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States, about south of the county seat of Dillon. It was named after miner Harry Armstead. Armstead was located in a narrow valley of the Beaverhead River, near the mouth of Horse Prairie Creek. The town was a station stop on the Union Pacific Railroad line from Idaho Falls, Idaho to Butte, Montana. There was a post office in Armstead from 1907 to 1962.
Armstead is perhaps best remembered as the eastern terminus and headquarters of the Gilmore and Pittsburgh Railroad, which operated a line from there to Salmon, Idaho between 1910 and 1939.
The Lewis and Clark expedition traveled past the future location of Armstead during its westward trek in 1805.
The construction of Clark Canyon Dam in 1961–1964 created a reservoir that completely inundated the former site of Armstead. The town was still a viable community when the decision to build the dam was made. Because of this, some people do not categorize Armstead as being a ghost town. When the water level is low enough parts of the old highway, railroad, and even some building foundations are still visible.
Notes
1907 establishments in Montana
1962 disestablishments in Montana
Former populated places in Beaverhead County, Montana
Former populated places in Montana
Populated places disestablished in 1962
Populated places established in 1907
Submerged settlements in the United States
Neil Harris (born 1938) is an American cultural historian. He is the Preston and Sterling Morton Professor of History and Art History Emeritus at the University of Chicago.
Biography
Harris received an A.B. from Columbia University in 1958 and studied at Clare College, Cambridge on a Kellett Fellowship, earning a second B.A. in 1960. He then obtained his doctorate from Harvard University in 1965. He wrote his dissertation under Oscar Handlin, which was published into the book The Artist in American Society: the Formative Years, 1790-1860 (1966) that examined the view of art in American society. He taught at Harvard before joining the University of Chicago faculty in 1969. His scholarship has focused on a wide range of topics, including modern American culture, art, art collecting, the history of architecture, technology, and entertainment as well as the development of museums and cultural institutions.
At Chicago, Harris served as chair of the history department from 1985–88 and 2000–01. He retired in 2008 as Preston and Sterling Morton Professor Emeritus in the departments of History and Art History and the Committee on Geographical Studies.
From 1975 to 1977, Harris was director of the National Humanities Institute. In 1978, he was appointed by President Jimmy Carter to the National Museum Services Board of the Institute of Museum and Library Services and was on the board until 1986. He served as chairman of the American Council of Learned Societies, as well as a director of the Terra Foundation for American Art, Newberry Library, Winterthur Museum, Garden and Library, and the National Museum of American History.
Harris was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1993. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1999.
References
Living people
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Alumni of Clare College, Cambridge
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
American art historians
Cultural historians
Social historians
Year of birth missing (living people)
People associated with Winterthur Museum, Garden and Library
Cornelius Cottrell (2 May 1917 – 3 March 1982) was an Irish hurler. His career included stints with club sides Valley Rovers, Ballinhassig and Cooley Kickhams, while he was also a five-time All-Ireland Championship winner with the Cork senior hurling team.
After impressing at junior club level, Cottrell was drafted onto the Cork senior team in 1941. From his debut, he quickly developed a midfield partnership with Jack Lynch and made 19 championship appearances in a career that ended with his last game in 1947. During that time Cottrell was part of five All-Ireland Championship-winning teams, including Cork's record-breaking four titles in-a-row between 1941 and 1944. He also secured five Munster Championship medals.
Playing career
Cooley Kickhams
During his studies with the Rosminian Order in Dundalk, Cottrell came to prominence as a Gaelic footballer when he joined the Cooley Kickhams club. He won a county senior championship medal with the club in 1939 after lining out at right wing-forward in the 3-13 to 1-06 defeat of Newtown Blues.
Valley Rovers
On returning to Cork, Cottrell joined the Innishannon-based Valley Rovers club. He enjoyed his greatest success when the club claimed the 1941 South East Junior Championship, with Cottrell being described as a "shining light" in the 5-07 to 5-03 victory over Tracton. Cottrell also briefly lined out with the Ballinhassig club.
Cork
Cottrell was added to the Cork senior hurling panel in advance of the 1941 Munster Championship and was described in the Irish Press as being "the best young hurler Cork has produced for many a day." He made his debut on 14 September 1941 when he lined out at centre-back in Cork's 8-10 to 3-02 defeat of Limerick and was described as having "lived up to expectations." Cottrell retained his position at centre-back for the All-Ireland final against Dublin on 28 September 1941. He ended the game with his first All-Ireland medal after the 5-11 to 0-06 victory. Cottrell ended the season by lining out in Cork's 5-04 to 2-05 defeat by Tipperary in the delayed Munster final.
Cottrell lined out in his second Munster final the following year, with Cork claiming the title after a 4-15 to 4-01 defeat of Tipperary. He was dropped from the starting fifteen in favour of Alan Lotty for the subsequent All-Ireland final against Dublin but was eventually listed amongst the reserves when it had looked like he would miss the game altogether. Cottrell remained as an unused substitute throughout the game, but collected his second successive winners' medal after a 2-14 to 3-04 victory.
Restored to the starting fifteen for the 1943 Munster Championship, Cottrell won his second provincial winners' medal after a 2-13 to 3-08 victory over Waterford in the final. He was later included as midfield partner to Jack Lynch for the All-Ireland final against Antrim and scored two points on the way to his third successive All-Ireland winners' medal after the 5-16 to 0-04 victory.
Cottrell claimed a third successive Munster Championship winners' medal after a 4-06 to 3-06 victory over Limerick in the 1944 Munster final replay. On 3 September 1944, he again partnered Jack Lynch at midfield in a second successive All-Ireland final and Cork's fourth successive appearance in the decider overall. Cottrell scored a point from play and ended the 2-13 to 1-02 victory over Dublin by becoming one of a select group of players to have won four successive All-Ireland medals.
After failing to secure a fifth successive title in 1945, Cottrell won a fourth provincial championship winners' medal after lining out at midfield in the 3-08 to 1-03 defeat of Limerick in the 1946 Munster final. For the fifth time in six seasons, he lined out in the subsequent All-Ireland final with Kilkenny providing the opposition. Cottrell claimed a fifth All-Ireland winners' medal after playing at midfield in the 7-05 to 3-08 victory.
Cottrell missed Cork's first two games of the 1947 Munster Championship but claimed a fifth winners' medal after being restored to midfield for the 2-06 to 2-03 defeat of Limerick in the final. He was again at midfield for his sixth All-Ireland final appearance on 7 September 1947, but ended the game on the losing side after the 0-14 to 2-07 defeat by Kilkenny in what is regarded as one of the greatest games of all time. This was Cottrell's final championship appearance for Cork as his ordination to the priesthood rule him out of any further inter-county activity.
Munster
Cottrell was first selected for the Munster team during the 1944 Railway Cup. He claimed his first winners' medal that year after lining out at left wing-back in Munster's 4-10 to 4-04 defeat of Connacht in the final. Cottrell claimed a second successive Railway Cup medal the following year after playing at midfield in Munster's 6-08 to 2-00 victory over Ulster in the final.
Personal life
Cottrell entered the Rosminian Order at the age of 18 in 1935 and was ordained to the priesthood in 1947. He worked for a number of years at St. Patrick's Industrial School in Upton and later became Superior at St. Joseph's Industrial School near Clonmel. As superior of St. Joseph's School for the Blind in Drumcondra, he was instrumental in developing services for the welfare of the blind and partially sighted and in setting up workshops for the blind. After an illness, Cottrell returned to St. Patrick's in Upton in the early 1970s and established a residential centre for adults with special needs. He returned to Dublin for a short period to continue his work for the blind but remained in poor health.
On 3 March 1982, Cottrell died aged 64 at the Regional Hospital in Cork. He was survived by his two brothers and a sister.
Honours
Cooley Kickhams
Louth Senior Football Championship (1): 1939
Valley Rovers
South East Junior A Hurling Championship (1): 1941
Cork
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship (5): 1941, 1942, 1943, 1944, 1946
Munster Senior Hurling Championship (5): 1942, 1943, 1944, 1946, 1947
Munster
Railway Cup (2): 1944, 1945
References
1917 births
1982 deaths
Ballinhassig hurlers
Valley Rovers hurlers
Cooley Kickhams Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county hurlers
Munster inter-provincial hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
The School of Science and Engineering Magnet (known as the School of Science and Engineering or SEM) is a magnet college preparatory high school located in the Yvonne A. Ewell Townview Magnet Center, home of six magnet high schools in the Dallas Independent School District. SEM's mascot is an eagle, and its school colors are maroon and white. Its current principal is Andrew Palacios. Past principals include: Tiffany Huitt (who was promoted to DISD Executive Director), Jovan Carisa Wells, and Richard White.
Academics
On admission, each student is placed into one of three math and science "tracks" based on your middle school—a Regular Track, a Fast Track, and a Super Fast Track. Each track doesn't really matter when college comes and completes a different number and difficulty of math and science courses.
SEM stresses a philosophy of hands-on science education, and specializes in offering science, technology, engineering, and mathematics courses. Its mathematics courses range in complexity from Pre-AP Algebra II (the lowest-level course offered) to AP Calculus BC and its own unique Advanced Topics of the Theory of Applied Mathematics (A. T. T. A. M.) course. Science courses range from basic-level courses such as Pre-AP Biology to higher-level courses such as AP Physics C and AP Chemistry. Of special note is SEM's unique "SuperLab" class, a laboratory-based course which combines the material of both AP Physics C and AP Chemistry. Tech courses that instruct students in Computer Science concepts and the Java programming language are also available in the form of Pre-AP Computer Science A and AP Computer Science A.
Recognition
In both 2005 and 2011, SEM has received the Blue Ribbon School award by the U.S. Department of Education.
SEM was ranked as second best high school in the United States in 2007 according to the survey "The 1200 Best Public High Schools in the USA", it was eighth in 2006 and sixth in 2005. In 2007, SEM was ranked as the 18th best public high school in America by U.S. News & World Report.
The College Board announced that SEM is number 1 in the world for passing minorities in Calculus AB and number one in the United States for passing Hispanics in Computer Science. In 2006, SEM was visited by President George W. Bush for excellence in education and the school's philosophy of emphasising math and science, something he stressed in his 2006 State of the Union address.
The school consistently ranks number one in D Magazine's Best Public High Schools in Dallas and has been named the Academic UIL District Champion for District 9-5A and 11-5A in 2006 and 2007 respectively.
In 2011, SEM was ranked the number 1 high school in America by the Washington Post. The school was also ranked number 1 in the Newsweek list of America's Best High Schools. In 2012, it was ranked the number one high school in the North Texas area by Children at Risk, a research and advocacy institute dedicated to helping children.
2012 - SEM wins the Intel School of Distinction Award for the Best High School Math Program in the Country.
2012 - SEM Ranked #2 (out of 1900 public high schools) -Washington Post High School Challenge
2012 - SEM Ranked #4 (out of 1000 public high schools) -Newsweek.com [1]
In 2018, SEM was ranked as the 13th best public high school in America by U.S. News & World Report.
In 2019, SEM was ranked as the number 1 best public high school in Texas by the U.S. News & World Report. SEM also ranked 12th place as the best public high school in America.
Extracurricular activities
Due to rules and regulations involving magnet schools, SEM has no sports teams (although students may participate in those of their home schools). However, it does provide a wide variety of extracurricular activities and UIL teams:
Orchestra
UIL Calculator Team
UIL Journalism Team
Academic Decathlon
"Big D" Marching Band
UIL Number Sense Team
Townview Theatre Company
Choir
UIL Current Issues & Events Team
Intergirls
French Club
Environmental Science/Volunteering Club
Chess Club
Latin Club
Robotics
UIL Literary Criticism
National Honor Society
National Latin Honor Society
UIL Math Team
SEM Yearbook
UIL One Act Play
UIL Current Events
UIL Science Team
Finance/Economics Club
Debate
UIL Social Studies
UIL Computer Science Team
SEM won the AAAAA individual UIL Computer Science event at the UIL State competition in Austin, Texas in 2001, and also won the AAAAA team UIL Computer Science competition in both 2000 and 2001. SEM also won the 2012 and 2013 Academic UIL Region 2 5A competition. At the 2015 UIL State competition in Austin, SEM put up the highest team score in UIL Calculator Applications in all of Texas.
References
External links
Science and Engineering Website
Dallas ISD home page
Student Council Announcements Site for the Class of 2009
Dallas Independent School District high schools
Public high schools in Dallas
Public magnet schools in Dallas
Mervin Vavasour (1821 – 27 March 1866) was a member of the Royal Engineers, one of the corps of the British Army.
Early life
He was probably born at Fort George, Upper Canada in 1821, to Captain Henry William Vavasour of the Royal Engineers and Louisa Dunbar, daughter of Sir George Dunbar. He enrolled in the Royal Military Academy in Woolwich, England in February 1837, and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Royal Engineers on 19 March 1839. He was eventually sent to Montreal, arriving on 18 September 1841. In 1842, he was promoted to lieutenant.
Oregon mission
In 1845–46, during the Oregon Boundary Dispute, Lieutenants Vavasour, and Henry Warre were dispatched on a mission to evaluate the logistics of a military campaign in the Columbia District (known then to Americans as the Oregon Country). This was done in response to a territorial dispute generally known as the Oregon Question, and the stated policy of President of the United States James K. Polk to expand into and control those territories along the west coast of North America, much of which the British contested as belonging to them. Vavasour and Warre travelled in the guise of civilians “for the pleasure of field sports and scientific pursuits,” through territory controlled by the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), confidentially evaluating the strategic value of both the land and the HBC's facilities. This information made its way back to London in 1846.
HBC officer Peter Skene Ogden traveled with the British officers and held a low opinion of Vavasour. In a letter written in April 1846 to Governor George Simpson, Odgen complained that Vavasour was "to the last hour a disagreeable Puppy and at times most disgusting particularly when under the influence of Brandy and Opium."
Despite the rhetoric neither Britain nor USA wanted a third war in 70 years; and a war over the Oregon Country was averted by diplomacy when Britain gave up all claims to lands in the lower Columbia Basin and Puget Sound. Vavasour's report concluded that the British Army, if deployed in the region, would be faced with substantial obstacles. These included: their poor evaluation of the readiness of the HBC forts and other facilities for military uses, the significant number of American settlers crossing into the territory via the well established Oregon Trail, and the considerable obstacles posed by the Rocky Mountains to British supply lines.
Later career
Vavasour sailed to England in October 1846, and served in the British Isles, being promoted to 2nd captain in 1849. He was later posted to the West Indies from 1851 to 1852. He went on half-pay in 1853.
Legacy
Vavasour published his notes and the images drawn by Warre in Sketches in North America and the Oregon Territory (1849). From this comes some of the earliest European artistic renderings of the Rocky Mountains and also valuable records such as an 1846 plan diagram of Fort Edmonton to scale. This plan influenced the reconstruction of the fort as Fort Edmonton Park, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, in the 1960s.
There is also Mount Vavasour in Alberta, Canada, named for Vavasour in 1918; it is south of Mount Warre, named for Warre.
Vavasour Street, in Savona, B.C., is named after Mervin Vavasour as well.
References
1821 births
1866 deaths
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
Royal Engineers officers
History of the Pacific Northwest
Oregon Country
Explorers of Canada
Sheila (alternatively spelled Shelagh and Sheelagh) is a common feminine given name, derived from the Irish name Síle, which is believed to be a Gaelic form of the Latin name Caelia, the feminine form of the Roman clan name Caelius, meaning 'heavenly'.
People
Sheila (French singer) (born 1945), real name Annie Chancel, French singer of group "Sheila (and) B. Devotion"
Sheila (German singer) (born 1984), Sheila Jozi, German folk/schlager singer of Iranian descent
Sheila Bair (born 1954), chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Sheila Bleck (born 1974), IFBB bodybuilder
Sheila Burnett (born 1949), British sprint canoeist
Sheila Chandra (born 1965), English pop singer
Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick (born 1979), American politician
Sheila Chisholm (1895–1969), socialite, probable inspiration for the Australian phrase "a good-looking sheila"
Sheila Copps (born 1952), Canadian politician, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, 1993–97
Sheila Dikshit (1938–2019), Chief Minister of Delhi, India, 1998-2003
Sheila Dixon (born 1953), former Mayor of Baltimore and criminal
Sheila E. (born 1957), American singer
Sheila Ellison, American author on parenting and relationships
Sheila Elorza (born 1996), Spanish footballer
Sheila Fearn (born 1940), English actress
Sheila Florance (1916–1991), Australian actress
Sheila Gordon (born 1927), South African novelist
Sheila Graber (born 1940), British animator, artist and Visiting Professor at the University of Sunderland.
Sheila Greibach (born 1939), American theoretical computer scientist
Sheila Hancock (born 1933), English actress and author
Sheila A. Hellstrom (1935–2020), Canadian general
Sheila Henig (1934–1979), Canadian pianist and soprano
Sheila Hicks (born 1934), American artist
Sheila Hoskin (born 1936), English track and field athlete
Sheila Ingram (1957–2020), American sprinter
Sheila Jordan (born 1928), American jazz singer and songwriter
Sheila Kaye-Smith (1887–1956), English writer
Sheila Miyoshi Jager (born 1963), American anthropologist
Sheila Oliver (born 1952), American politician
Sheila M. Riggs, American dentistry scholar
Sheila Rowan (physicist), British physicist
Sheila Steafel (1935–2019), South African-born British actress
Sheila Scribner (born 1984), American singer
Sheila Taormina (born 1969), American athlete
Sheila White (actress) (born 1950), English actress
Sheila White (activist) (born 1988), American abolitionist and human trafficking victim
Fiction
Sheila Bennet, Bonnie Bennet's grandmother, referred to as Grams by her, a character in The Vampire Diaries
Shelagh Turner, nurse and midwife, a character in Call the Midwife.
Sheila, a character from the Webcomic Satan and Me
Sheila Bryant, a character in the musical A Chorus Line
The tank in Red vs. Blue; see
A character in Army of Darkness
Sheila Broflovski, a character from the animated series South Park
Sheila Carter, a character from The Young and the Restless and The Bold and the Beautiful
Sheila Corkhill, a character from the defunct British soap opera Brookside
Sheila Franklin, a character and a song in the musical Hair
Sheila Futterman, a character in Gremlins
Sheila Gallagher, a character from the British television series Shameless
Sheila Grant, a character in the British soap opera Brookside
Sheila Tubman, a character in Judy Blume's book series Fudge
Sheila R. Webb, a character in Agatha Christie's novel The Clocks
Sheela na gig, a female character in ancient figurative carvings, used as architectural grotesques on churches, castles and other buildings, particularly in Ireland and Great Britain
Sheila, one of the main characters in the animated television series Dungeons and Dragons
Sheila, a fictional character (a Spanish child singer) from Mis Adorables Vecinos (2004–2006), played by Yaiza Esteve
Sheila, one of the main characters in the anime series Tweeny Witches
Sheila, a fictional character from SheZow
Sheila, a playable kangaroo in the PlayStation game Spyro: Year of the Dragon
Sheila, a character from item song "Sheila Ki Jawani", portrayed by Katrina Kaif from film Tees Maar Khan
Sheila Birling, a character from J. B. Priestley's play An Inspector Calls
See also
Shelia
Gaelic-language given names
Irish-language feminine given names
Christie Walk is a model ecological cohousing development in central Adelaide, Australia. It consists of 27 dwellings on a 2,000 square metres site. It was designed by local architect Paul Downton and completed in 2006. Its innovative aspects include energy- and water-saving measures, use of ethical finance and use of recycled non-toxic materials.
Influences
Christie Walk was founded by Urban Ecology Australia Inc as a living example of the 10 Ecopolis Development Principles, which were established by Paul Downton, Cherie Hoyle and Emilis Prelgauskas.
The development has been included as a case study in the Australian Government's guide to environmentally sustainable homes and inspired similar projects such as Aldinga EcoVillage and a cohousing development in Canberra.
At the 2021 biennial Carbon Neutral Adelaide Awards event, Christie Walk was made a Carbon Neutral Adelaide Ambassador, an honour given so far to only 3 others of the 200 Carbon Neutral Adelaide Partners. Urban Ecology Australia also won the award for Community Leadership in recognition of three decades of campaigning, researching and educating on the transformation of conventional cities into Ecological Cities.
Goals
"We wanted a green community, comfortable for the residents but kind to the environment; something that would significantly cut our environmental footprint. We wanted a working alternative to urban sprawl. We wanted to help heal the web of life by bringing biodiversity back into the city. And we wanted it to be a community, not just a collection of disconnected dwellings." - Brian Loffler - Environmental Planner at Christie Walk.
Ongoing upgrades
Construction of Christie Walk was completed in 2006, but efforts to reduce emissions are ongoing through a program of technology upgrades. The Christie Walk community ensures that lessons learned along the way are shared widely through on-site tours, virtual tours and documentation of the upgrades. The documentation is especially relevant to strata groups where upgrades and emissions reduction projects are more complicated than for stand-alone homeowners.
References
External links
Video on Vimeo (10min)
Urban Ecology website
Housing cooperatives in Australia
Residential buildings in Australia
Buildings and structures in Adelaide
Praha-Žižkov freight railway station () is a railway station formerly used for rail freight transport, located in the Žižkov district of Prague, Czech Republic. It was originally opened in 1936 and ceased operations in 2002. The station building was confirmed as a cultural monument in March 2013.
Service
The station, which was built in an area previously known as , went into service on 1 March 1936. The buildings were designed by Karel Caivas and Vladimír Weiss, whereas Miroslav Chlumecký designed the track infrastructure. The purpose of the station was to relieve Prague city centre of freight train services. It was also used for warehousing, although the creation of a food warehouse in the district of Strašnice in 1966 reduced the demand at the station. The station's formal service ceased in 2002. The access track with a rail branching is used for a container terminal which is adjacent to the freight station building and is in service up to now.
Usage beyond 2002
Following its closure in 2002, parts of the station were leased to local businesses for use as a warehouse. The station hosted the Prague Biennale art exhibition in June 2013. In October of the same year, the 15th edition of the annual Designblok festival was hosted there. Redevelopment plans were proposed in November 2019. As of 2021, the site is included in the database of contaminated sites in the Czech Republic and will require remediation prior to any reuse.
Cultural monument
The three-winged main station building was denoted as a national cultural monument in 2010 by the Ministry of Culture, a move which was quickly challenged by local government and members of the local real estate development industry including the Sekyra Group. Developers had wanted to use the area to construct a new residential area to house 15,000 people. The building's status was however secured in March 2013, with its historical, technical and architectural value among the reasons cited for its confirmed status.
Local transport
The station is served by Prague's tram network with a stop bearing the station's name.
References
Railway stations in Prague
Railway stations opened in 1936
Railway stations closed in 2002
Cultural heritage of the Czech Republic
Žižkov
Flacco is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Joe Flacco (born 1985), American football player
Orlando Flacco, 16th century painter from Verona
Tom Flacco (born 1994), American football player
Flacco, alter ego of Australian comedian Paul Livingston (born 1956)
See also
Flacco (c. 1790-1842), a chief of the Lipan Apache people, a Native American tribe
Flaccus
Italian-language surnames
Gavin Forsyth (born 4 July 1969 in Manchester) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics. He is the owner/operator of Clear Dental in British Columbia, Canada.
References
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Manchester
English male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Jon Grunde Vegard (born 15 November 1957) is a Norwegian diver. He was born in Tønsberg. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, in both platform, where he placed 11th, and in springboard.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tønsberg
Norwegian male divers
Olympic divers of Norway
Divers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Pa Mei () is a village in Tung Chung on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Shan Ha (Pa Mei) () is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
History
At the time of the 1911 census, the population of Pa Mei was 46. The number of males was 27.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Pa Mei (Tung Chung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tung Chung
The 2016 FA Women's Cup Final was the 46th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams. The showpiece event was the 23rd to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA) and was named the SSE Women's FA Cup Final for sponsorship reasons. The final was contested between Arsenal Ladies and Chelsea Ladies on 14 May 2016 at Wembley Stadium in London. The match was the second FA Women's Cup Final to be held at Wembley.
Chelsea, managed by Emma Hayes, went into the match as defending champions, having won the 2015 FA Cup, while Arsenal, managed by Pedro Martínez Losa, had won the competition on thirteen previous occasions. But Chelsea were favourites to lift the trophy as Arsenal had enjoyed only moderate success since their victory at the 2014 Cup Final, and had been beaten by Chelsea in a match earlier in the 2016 season of the Women's Super League. Arsenal won the match 1–0, with a first-half goal from Danielle Carter scored in the eighteenth minute, and securing the team their fourteenth FA Cup victory. Carter was also named Player of the Match. The match was attended by a crowd of 32,912, an increase on the 30,710 who attended the 2015 final.
The match was refereed by Sarah Garratt of the Birmingham Football Association, whose appointment was announced by the Football Association on 5 May. The match saw Garratt taking charge of her first FA Cup Final.
Match
Details
References
Cup
Women's FA Cup finals
FA Women's Cup Final
FA Women's Cup Final
FA Women's Cup Final, 2016
FA Women's Cup Final, 2016
Metak (English: Bullet) is the seventh studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2006.
Track listing
Ne slušaj vesti (Don't Listen to the News)
Nešto mi govori (Something Tells Me)
Gde god pođem tebi idem (Wherever I Go, I'm Going to You) featuring Šako Polumenta
Neću proći jeftino (I Won't Pass Easily)
Metak (Bullet)
Sve sam živo pokvarila (I've Ruined Everything)
Leti leti (Fly Fly)
Ako smeta tvojoj sreći (If It Bothers Your Happiness'')
References
2006 albums
Stoja albums
Grand Production albums
Michael Derek Behiels (born 1946) is a Canadian historian who served as a professor and University Research Chair in the Department of History at the University of Ottawa, specializing in twentieth-century Canadian politics. A student of Ramsay Cook, he is a prominent defender of Pierre Trudeau's conception of federalism: no special status for Quebec and maintenance of linguistic minority rights. In 1985, while a faculty member at Acadia University, his published doctoral dissertation Prelude to Quebec's Quiet Revolution was nominated for the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction. Thanks to this book's success, he is still considered to be a major authority on the thought of former Le Devoir editor André Laurendeau.
He frequently appears in the media to comment on current events, most notably on CPAC's weekly call-in show Goldhawk Live.
Behiels in 2010 has argued that Canada has recently undergone a political realignment, of the sort that occurs rarely and makes a long term shift in the political alignment of the parties. The patterns of the 2004, 2006, and 2008 elections and the continuance of Harper's government, argues Behiels, has led many of Canada's political experts to the conclusion that a new political party paradigm has emerged. Behiels says they find its basis in a right-wing political party capable of reconfiguring the role of the state – federal and provincial – in twenty-first-century.
In 2011, he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
Bibliography
The Essential Laurendeau, ed. (1976);
Prelude to Quebec's Quiet Revolution (1985);
Quebec Since 1945, ed. (1987);
The Meech Lake Primer ed. (1989);
Canada: Its Regions and People (1998);
Futures and Identities: Aboriginal Peoples in Canada ed. (1999);Essays in Honour of Ramsay Cook co-ed with Marcel Martel (2000);Canada's Francophone Minority Communities'' (2003)
See also
Canadian federalism
References
External links
"Michael D. Behiels" at the University of Ottawa website
1946 births
20th-century Canadian historians
21st-century Canadian historians
Acadia University faculty
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Living people
Political historians
University of Alberta alumni
University of Ottawa faculty
York University alumni
Robert Fisher Crouch (7 February 1904 – 7 May 1957) was a British farmer and politician. In Parliament, as the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for North Dorset, he specialised in agricultural issues, and was known as an independent-minded politician. His most notable contribution was to bring to public attention the Crichel Down affair, in which the Government's failure to sell requisitioned land back to its original owner led to the resignation of the Minister responsible.
Family and farming
Crouch was born in Dorset, to a family who had been clergymen and farmers in the county for 350 years. He attended Milton Abbey School in Blandford Forum, but in 1920 left to immediately start farming in Wiltshire and Dorset. Crouch was a member of the National Farmers Union, and was Chairman of the Sturminster Newton Branch in 1927 and 1928. He served on the Dorset and Wiltshire County Executive of the NFU.
As a recognised authority on growing cereals, Crouch was keenly interested in modernising British agriculture. In 1931 he was the first farmer in Wiltshire to introduce mechanised corn-growing. He was also a member of the Machinery Committee of the Wiltshire War Agricultural Executive Committee throughout the Second World War. In addition to the NFU he was also an active member of the Conservative Party and served as Secretary of the Teffont branch of Salisbury Conservative Association for many years, as secretary and treasurer of Hammoon branch of North Dorset Conservative Association from 1930 to 1942, and as vice-chairman of Salisbury Conservative Association from 1942 to 1947.
Political prominence
In 1946, Crouch was selected as prospective Parliamentary candidate for North Dorset. The constituency was traditionally Conservative but was then narrowly held by the Liberal Chief Whip Frank Byers, and Crouch was one of the more prominent candidates. He was nominated to make a party political broadcast on the BBC Home Service in October 1948, which he began by saying that he was not sorry to have the chance to do a bit of grumbling on the air. Crouch made the point that farmers often grumbled but never went on strike; he called for a long-term policy for agriculture and endorsed the Conservative Agricultural Charter.
1950 election
At the 1950 general election, Crouch was helped by the decision of the Labour Party to nominate a candidate in North Dorset, as Byers had been able to take all the non-Conservative vote in winning the seat in 1945. In addition, boundary changes were thought to favour the Conservatives. In the event, the Labour vote was the lowest in the country at 14%, but Byers failed to attract enough Labour voters to the Liberals and Crouch won with a majority of 97. A recount was needed to confirm the victory because it was so close.
Parliamentary privilege
Crouch's initial Parliamentary career concentrated on technical matters relating to government support for agriculture and attracted little attention. However, in July 1951 he was involved in a dispute over Parliamentary privilege. An article in the Daily Express had blamed Labour Co-operative MP William Coldrick for the fact that only Co-operative cigarettes were available in the Press Gallery; Coldrick persuaded the House of Commons to pass a motion declaring it a gross libel because he had had nothing to do with the decision. When a motion was made to require the journalist involved to attend the House to apologise, Crouch supported a protest against it on grounds of injustice. He then co-sponsored a motion to rescind the motion declaring the article libellous.
1951 election
After only eighteen months, Crouch was forced to defend his seat in the 1951 general election. He again faced Frank Byers, who had remained prominent after his defeat as a frequent panellist on "Any Questions?" on radio; Labour again nominated a candidate. The campaign was a rough one, and on 17 October Crouch's solicitors announced that they had been instructed to issue a writ for libel against the Farming Reporter over an article purporting to be an interview with Crouch.
Private member's bill
Crouch was re-elected with a majority of 747, despite Labour again obtaining its lowest vote in the country and the Labour candidate losing his deposit. In the new Parliament, Crouch was selected to introduce a Private Member's Bill and chose a Bill to amend the law on illegitimacy to increase the amount parents were required to pay for the upkeep of a child under an affiliation order. The Affiliation Orders Bill received Government support and was given Royal Assent in the summer.
Libel case
However, Crouch was himself taken to court by Frank Byers early in 1953 over a Conservative election leaflet issued at the end of the 1951 election campaign. The leaflet had pointed to the fact that Frank Byers was appealing for Labour support, then observed that "The Socialist Party chairman at a meeting in Blandford on October 15 called attention to Mr. Byers's broken promises in 1945 and 1946. Don't be taken in again." Byers said that he had given no promises to Labour in 1945 and 1946 and so could not have broken them; his solicitors had written to Crouch after the election offering to settle for an apology and withdrawal. Crouch said that what was written was either true or fair comment, and were privileged.
In court, Crouch's counsel called Charles Greenfield who was a Labour Party member in 1945. Greenfield recalled Byers giving him a pledge to oppose legal disabilities on trade union members, and said he had then worked for Byers' campaign. However, when he had challenged Byers for failing to vote for the repeal of the Trades Disputes Act 1927, Byers had asked him if he had any witnesses for his pledge. The jury found for Crouch and the Judge awarded costs against Byers.
Crichel Down
Later in 1953, Crouch took up the case of one of his constituents in what became one of the biggest political scandals of the decade. In 1938 the Air Ministry had requisitioned of land at Crichel Down owned by Lieutenant-Commander G.G. Marten, for use for Royal Air Force bombing practice. The use having finished, the Ministry of Agriculture handed it over to the Commissioners of Crown Lands who converted it to agricultural land (vastly increasing its value) and sought a tenant to farm it, despite a pledge from Winston Churchill to give the previous owners first refusal to buy the land back. Commander Marten protested and obtained the support of his Member of Parliament. Crouch demanded, and obtained, a public inquiry into the disposal of the land.
At the conclusion of the inquiry, which heavily criticised the Ministry, the Minister of Agriculture Sir Thomas Dugdale blandly announced that the Ministry had a binding contract with the tenant and therefore could not sell it back to the successors of the former owners. Crouch was incredulous, and even more angry about the decision of the Ministry not to take action against the civil servants responsible. He kept up the pressure, and a full debate on the report was put down for 20 July 1954. Anger at the conduct of the Ministry did not subside and when Dugdale spoke in opening the debate, he surprisingly announced his resignation from office. Crouch again insisted that the successors of the original owners must be able to repurchase their land, sitting tenant or no.
Suez group
In foreign affairs, Crouch was a member of the 'Suez Group' of Conservative MPs who opposed the withdrawal of the British Army from the Suez Canal zone; he voted with the Suez Group against the Government in a debate on the Anglo-Egyptian Agreement at the end of July 1954. At the 1955 general election he no longer had to face Frank Byers as Liberal candidate, and easily defeated Byers' replacement by 7,159 votes. He was able to take time out to be Chairman of the Conservative marginal seats committee. At this election, the parties were anxious to have a clean and friendly fight, and Crouch benefited from the support of Commander Marten despite Marten's grievance with the Conservative government.
Ritual slaughter
Later that year Crouch called on Chancellor of the Exchequer Harold Macmillan to cut spending by £500m, to increase tax allowances. In December 1956 he announced that he would seek leave to introduce another Private Member's Bill, on slaughter of animals: he wanted to make it compulsory to stun animals before their throats were cut in the Shechita method practised in Judaism. However, his Bill was opposed by Sir Henry d'Avigdor-Goldsmid who argued that Shechita was humane and that the effect of the Bill would be distressing to Jewish people; permission to introduce the Bill was refused by 178 to 132.
Other matters
Crouch became a frequent member of Parliamentary delegations to foreign countries, visiting the Netherlands, Germany, France, Spain and Denmark in 1954 to investigate slaughterhouses, and Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan and Syria in 1955. In December 1955 he paid a visit to Iraq, returning via Lebanon where he visited Palestinian refugee camps.
On behalf of his constituents, Crouch described the petrol rations imposed by Minister of Transport Harold Watkinson after the Suez invasion as "appalling", complaining that most allocations had been cut by 60%.
References
External links
1904 births
1957 deaths
English farmers
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People from Blandford Forum
UK MPs 1950–1951
UK MPs 1951–1955
UK MPs 1955–1959
Who Do You Think You Are? LIVE was a large family history and genealogy event. A spin-off of the television show, the event ran annually in London, England. Since its inception in 2005 until it closed in 2017 the exhibition and surrounding events were hosted at the London Olympia and attracted 10 – 15,000 visitors per year. The show consisted mainly of exhibitions, stands and break-out sessions for individuals wishing to learn more about researching genealogy, family history and building family trees. The last event was before in 2017 before it closed permanently.
Activities and interests
The exhibition had a “Live show” type theme. Alongside the exhibitor stands various events and showcases were provided to add interest for visitors. In 2009 this included Scottish drummers and pipers and in 2008 a Second World War tank was the centre piece of the show.
The annexed 2nd floor at the Olympia Earls court venue, hosted various educations break out areas where visitors can consult experts in the fields of genealogical and historical research.
Throughout the 4 days of the show there were various sponsored and independent speakers giving their views on this hugely popular subject area. In 2009 notable speakers included Nick Barratt, 5-season presenter of the UK show that started the brand and Megan Smolenyak, self-styled DNA genealogy expert.
On the fringes of the show there are wider interests served including military memorabilia, heritage buildings, coin collecting, maps and personal archiving.
Demographics and numbers for the show
• 91% of the visitors fell in the ABC1 category with 97% falling in the 45–65 years age range. There was a slight skew towards female attendees.
• 61.5% of visitors attended the event for the first time
• 26.5% had started researching their family history in the last two years, 57.9% have started within the last 5 years and 14.4% have been researching for more than 15 years.
• 99.5% of visitors were actively researching their family history
Exhibitors and organizers
In 2008 there were over 200 exhibitors from around the world. The most notable included Ancestry, Arcalife, English Heritage, Family Tree Maker, Family Tree DNA, Findmypast and The National Archives.
Despite its name the Live show was only a spin-off of the television series Who Do You Think You Are? and the event itself is operated by Wall to Wall Media.
Other related events
Other notable events around the world are RootsTech, THE Genealogy Show, the southern Californian Genealogy Jamboree, the Federation of Genealogical Societies (FGS) conference and the National Genealogical Society (NGS) Conference. All of this conference are held annually with the FGS and NGS events moving location each year.
Släktforkardagarna (Family History Days, Sweden - since 1987)
References
External links
WDYTYAL
Family history
Everybody Looking is the ninth studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was released on July 22, 2016, by GUWOP Enterprises, RBC Records and Atlantic Records. The album serves as Gucci's first studio release since The Return of Mr. Zone 6 (2011). It features guest appearances from Drake, Kanye West and Young Thug, while the majority of the album's production was provided by Gucci Mane's longtime collaborators such as Mike Will Made It and Zaytoven, among others.
Everybody Looking received generally positive reviews from critics and debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200, and becoming Gucci Mane's highest-charting album.
Background
In June 2016, the album was announced, following Gucci Mane's release from prison in May 2016. Recording sessions for the entire album took place in under six days.
Promotion
On July 12, 2016, Gucci Mane released the album's promotional single, "Multi Millionaire Laflare". The album's intro track, "No Sleep", was released on July 15, 2016, the music video for the song was released on July 18.
The album's lead single, "1st Day Out tha Feds", was released on May 27, 2016. The song was produced by Mike Will Made It. The album's second single, "Back on Road" with Drake, was released on June 4, 2016. The song was produced by Murda Beatz. The album's third single, "All My Children", was released on June 24, 2016. The song was produced by Drumma Boy.
Critical reception
Everybody Looking was met with generally positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 72, based on 13 reviews. Aggregator AnyDecentMusic? gave it 6.6 out of 10, based on their assessment of the critical consensus.
Neil Z. Yeung of AllMusic gave a positive review, stating "Everybody Looking is one of the best examples of Gucci Mane's contributions to rap in his highly prolific catalog". Narsimha Chintaluri of HipHopDX said, "Mike WiLL Made-It and Zaytoven construct a cinematic backdrop, but Gucci's execution is a bit wanting. Regardless, it's a clear step in the right direction, a completely different beast than the b-side littered mixtapes he's sanctioned from behind bars over the past three years, and begs for repeat listens". Christina Lee of Rolling Stone said, "Everybody Looking, Gucci's ninth album and first after a two-year stay in federal prison, is a compelling left turn, the sound of a veteran innovator reclaiming his territory not with larger-than-life charisma and off-the-wall imagery but fresh intimidation tactics". Julian Benbow of The Boston Globe wrote: "There's less party and more perspective. He sees the troubles he went through before prison for what they are."
David Drake of Pitchfork stated, "It will please fan looking for Another Gucci Mane mixtape. Everyone else will likely find it a bit spotty. Certain songs fall into familiar—now six- or seven-year-old—formulas. His vocals, no doubt out of practice, sound a bit rusty. But most of all, it just feels unfinished, rushed". In a mixed review, The Guardians Lanre Bakare stated: "As usual, he's at his best when things get a little weird." Michael G. Barilleaux of RapReviews said, "While the beats are relatively mediocre and not at all unusual for this brand of hip hop, they do a decent job matching the dark picture Gucci paints. Unfortunately, that picture is more of a rough sketch as Gucci steers more toward unrefined flows and bland, mechanically arching vocals rather than a more thought out approach". In another mixed review, Damien Morris of The Observer said, "The eerie emotional electricity and forensic detail of the single "1st Day Out tha Feds" dissipates across 14 songs that desperately lack variety and humour, and choruses that aren't just Gucci grimly repeating the song's title".
Commercial performance
Everybody Looking debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 with 68,000 album-equivalent units, 43,000 of which were pure album sales.
Track listing
Notes
signifies a co-producer
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Performers
Gucci Mane – primary artist
Drake – featured artist
Kanye West – featured artist
Young Thug – featured artist
Production
Drumma Boy – producer
Mike Will Made It – producer
Murda Beatz – producer
Myles Harris – producer
Boi-1da – producer
Southside – producer
Will-A-Fool – producer
Zaytoven – producer
Pluss – co-producer
Marz – co-producer
Swae Lee – co-producer
Technical
Kori Anders – mixing
Harley Arsenal – recording assistant
Chris Athens – mastering
Noel Cadastre – recording
Noel "Gadget" Campbell – mixing
Noah Goldstein – recording assistant
Aaron Holton – arranger
The Sauce – recording, mixing
Jaycen Joshua – mixing
Dave Kutch – mastering
Greg Moffet – recording assistant
40 – recording, mixing assistant
Sean Paine – recording
Peter "Zlender" Vickers – mixing assistant
Mike Will Made It – mixing
Additional personnel
Jonathan Mannion – photography
Shun Melson – styling direction
Virgilio Tzaj – art direction, design
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Gucci Mane albums
2016 albums
Albums produced by Mike Will Made It
Albums produced by Zaytoven
Albums produced by Drumma Boy
Albums produced by Murda Beatz
Albums produced by Southside (record producer)
Atlantic Records albums
"Undecided" is a song by American singer Chris Brown. It was released as a single on January 4, 2019, by RCA Records. The song serves as the lead single from Chris Brown's ninth studio album Indigo.
Composition and lyrics
The song was written by Chris Brown, Antonio Stith and Felicia Ferraro, and was produced by Scott Storch, that had previously worked with Brown for the singles "Run It!" and "Gimme That", working with him as well on his albums Exclusive and Heartbreak on a Full Moon. "Undecided" is a midtempo R&B and pop song that runs for three minutes and eight seconds, that contains a sample of American R&B singer Shanice's 1991 hit "I Love Your Smile".
Music video
On January 4, 2019, Brown uploaded the music video for "Undecided" on his YouTube account. The music video features Serayah as Brown's love interest.
Commercial performance
"Undecided" debuted at number 35 on the US Billboard Hot 100, serving as Chris Brown's 91st entry on the chart, tying James Brown's for eighth most Hot 100 entries all-time and is Brown's first Hot 100 hit since "Freaky Friday" with Lil Dicky in April 2018, which peaked at number eight.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2019 singles
Chris Brown songs
Song recordings produced by Scott Storch
Songs written by Chris Brown
2019 songs
Songs written by Scott Storch
Songs written by Narada Michael Walden
Atça is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Itachuna is a village and Itachuna-Khanyan is a gram panchayat in Pandua CD Block in Chinsurah subdivision of Hooghly district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Itachuna had a total population of 1,451 of which 735 (51%) were males and 716 (49%) were females. Population below 6 years was 146. The total number of literates in Itachuna was 1,034 (79.23% of the population over 6 years).
Transport
A short stretch of Polba-Khanyan Road links Itachuna to SH 13/ GT Road. Nearest railway station is Khanyan railway station.
Education
Bejoy Narayan Mahavidyalaya, a general degree college, was established at Itachuna in 1950. It is affiliated with the University of Burdwan and offers honours courses in Bengali, English, Sanskrit, history, political science, philosophy, economics, mathematics, physics, chemistry, botany, zoology and nutrition.
Culture
Itachuna Rajbari also known as "Bargee Danga" became a tourist spot of Hooghly district. This was established by Kundan family originated from Maratha in 1766. Now the palace has been transformed into a heritage hotel. It is known for being the shooting location of many Hindi and Bengali films like Lootera, Poran Jaye Jolia Re, Rajmohol etc.
References
Villages in Hooghly district
Margaret Ellen Mullen (née Goodyear; June 11, 1917 – October 2, 2009) was an American antiwar activist who was motivated to protest after her son was killed in Vietnam by shrapnel fired from friendly artillery in 1970. She became an active opponent of U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War and protested against the Gulf War and Iraq War. Her life story was made into the Emmy Award-winning 1979 film Friendly Fire starring Carol Burnett, which was based on a 1976 book of the same name by C. D. B. Bryan.
Early life
Born in 1917 in Pocahontas, Iowa to Clair and Josephine (née Wolfe) Goodyear, Mullen attended Sacred Heart High School, moving to Des Moines after graduation. She was employed as a secretary in the United States Department of Labor from 1937 to 1944.
She married Oscar Eugene "Gene" Mullen (June 27, 1916 - July 1986) in 1941 and lived on a family farm near La Porte City, Iowa, supplementing her income with jobs at J. C. Penney and Santa Claus Industries. The couple had five children: Michael, Daniel (who died two days after being born prematurely), Patricia, Mary Margaret, and John Kevin. Peg Mullen was an active Democrat who was a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions held in 1964, 1968 and 1972. In 1972 she was a McGovern delegate. That same year she was nominated for Iowa Mother of the Year.
Son's death in Vietnam
Her son Michael was drafted in 1968, and she would later write of her fears of being "in a quiet corner of an airport and say[ing] goodbye to a son in uniform, knowing in your heart that you'll never see him again." He was killed on February 18, 1970, from shrapnel fired by U.S. artillery. She refused to believe the United States Army's description of the incident as an accident and remained skeptical even after evidence was provided to support the official story. Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr. met with the Mullens in an unsuccessful attempt to address their questions, later writing in his autobiography It Doesn't Take a Hero of the double tragedy of "the needless death of a young man, and the bitterness that was consuming his parents."
With the death benefit she received from the military, Mullen purchased two half-page ads in The Des Moines Register, with the first ad featuring 714 crosses and the second with 719 to represent the number of Iowa residents killed during the war. Mullen refused a military funeral for her son, would not accept his medals, and rejected the standard grave marker offered for free by the military. Instead, she bought a tombstone that used the word "killed" (instead of "died") to describe the circumstances of his death. A letter of condolence from President of the United States Richard M. Nixon was sent back with her note reading "Send it to the next damn fool."
Friendly Fire
Journalist C. D. B. Bryan turned the Mullen family's intense pain in the wake of Michael's death into a series of articles published in three installments in The New Yorker during March 1976 and then released in book form that year as Friendly Fire. Bryan wrote of the unspoken sounds of pain, "the slam of a hand hitting the table in rage, the breath caught because an onrushing memory was causing too much pain."
The book was turned into the 1979 television film Friendly Fire, starring Carol Burnett. Though best known for her screwball comedy, Burnett pursued the role after reading the script and said how in looking "back at the war now, I see how much of a waste it was", with this film being "the first time that the war has been looked at from the viewpoint of the folks at home." The production won the Emmy Award for best drama special.
Personal
Mullen wrote the 1995 autobiography Unfriendly Fire: A Mother's Memoir, which added dozens of letters from her son and laid out her continuing doubts about the circumstances of her son's death.
She continued her anti-war activism in protesting the Gulf War, and tried to meet with Cindy Sheehan, a mother whose son was killed during the Iraq War, at Sheehan's protests outside George W. Bush's Prairie Chapel Ranch in Crawford, Texas.
Death
Peg Mullen died on October 2, 2009, aged 92, in La Porte City. She was survived by two daughters, a son, six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Her resting place is located in Waterloo's Saint Mary's of Mount Carmel Cemetery.
References
External links
1917 births
2009 deaths
Catholics from Iowa
American anti-war activists
American anti–Vietnam War activists
Iowa Democrats
People from La Porte City, Iowa
Writers from Des Moines, Iowa
People from Pocahontas, Iowa
The Vila Vila Formation is an Early Devonian (Lochkovian to Pragian) geologic formation of northern Bolivia. The formation comprises a succession of fine-grained sandstones and shales deposited in a shallow to deep marine environment.
Fossil content
The formation has provided the following fossils:
Pleurothyrella sp.
Scaphiocoelia sp.
See also
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Bolivia
References
Bibliography
Further reading
G. D. Edgecombe and L. Ramskold. 1994. Earliest Devonian phacopide trilobites from central Bolivia. Paläontologische Zeitschrift 68(3/4):397-410
Geologic formations of Bolivia
Devonian System of South America
Devonian Bolivia
Lochkovian Stage
Pragian Stage
Sandstone formations
Shale formations
Shallow marine deposits
Devonian southern paleotemperate deposits
Paleontology in Bolivia
Formations
In acoustics, noise measurement can be for the purpose of measuring environmental noise or measuring noise in the workplace. Applications include monitoring of construction sites, aircraft noise, road traffic noise, entertainment venues and neighborhood noise. One of the definitions of noise covers all "unwanted sounds". When sound levels reach a high enough intensity, the sound, whether it is wanted or unwanted, may be damaging to hearing. Environmental noise monitoring is the measurement of noise in an outdoor environment caused by transport (e.g. motor vehicles, aircraft, and trains), industry (e.g. machines) and recreational activities (e.g. music). The laws and limits governing environmental noise monitoring differ from country to country.
At the very least, noise may be annoying or displeasing or may disrupt the activity or balance of human or animal life, increasing levels of aggression, hypertension and stress. In the extreme, excessive levels or periods of noise can have long-term negative health effects such as hearing loss, tinnitus, sleep disturbances, a rise in blood pressure, an increase in stress and vasoconstriction, and an increased incidence of coronary artery disease. In animals, noise can increase the risk of death by altering predator or prey detection and avoidance, interfering with reproduction and navigation, and contributing to permanent tinnitus and hearing loss.
Various interventions are available to combat environmental noise. Roadway noise can be reduced by the use of noise barriers, limitation of vehicle speeds, alteration of roadway surface texture, limitation of heavy vehicles, use of traffic controls that smooth vehicle flow to reduce braking and acceleration, and tire design. Aircraft noise can be reduced by using quieter jet engines, altering flight paths and considering the time of day to benefit residents near airports. Industrial noise is addressed by redesign of industrial equipment, shock mounted assemblies and physical barriers in the workplace.
Noise may be measured using a sound level meter at the source of the noise. Alternatively, an organization or company may measure a person's exposure to environmental noise in a workplace via a noise dosimeter. The measurements taken using either of these methods will be evaluated according to the standards below.
Audio Systems and Broadcasting
Noise measurement can also be part of a test procedure using white noise, or some other specialized form of test signal. In audio systems and broadcasting, specific methods are used to obtain subjectively valid results in order that different devices and signal paths may be compared regardless of the inconsistent spectral distribution and temporal properties of the noise that they generate. In particular, the ITU-R 468 noise weighting was devised specifically for this purpose and is widely used for professional audio and broadcast measurements.
Standards
There are a number of standards for noise measurement, each with a different goal or focus, including:
Standard:ITU-R BS 468 widely used in Broadcasting and professional Audio.
Standard:IEC A-weighting is widely used in Environmental Noise measurement.
Standard:CCIR recommendation 468-4 is now maintained as ITU-R BS 468
Standard:CCITT 0.41 refers to 'Psophometric weighting' used on telephone circuits.
Standard:CCITT P53 is now continued as CCITT0.41
Standard:BS 6402:1983 specifies Personal sound exposure meters.
Standard:BS 3539:1968 specifies Sound level meters for motor vehicle noise.
Standard:BSEN 60651 supersedes BS 5969:1981 Sound level meters
See also
Sound power level LWA
Audio system measurements
Rumble measurement
Noise (environmental)
Noise pollution
Noise music
Noise dosimeter
Equal-loudness contour
A-weighting
C-weighting
Weighting filter
References
External links
Noise-Planet: app to make an open source noise map of environmental noise
Koopen: Indoor Noise Measurement Dataset
Noise
Noise pollution
Sound measurements
Acoustics
Sound
Occupational safety and health
McClintock House may refer to:
in the United States
(by state)
James H. McClintock House, Phoenix, Arizona, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Phoenix, Arizona
McClintock House (43 Magnolia, Marianna, Arkansas), NRHP-listed in Lee County, also known as J.M. McClintock House
McClintock House (82 W. Main St., Marianna, Arkansas), NRHP-listed in Lee County, also known as W.S. McClintock House
John and Amelia McClintock House, Grafton, Illinois, NRHP-listed in Jersey County
McClintock Hall, Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, NRHP-listed in Luzerne County
The 2021–22 Siena Saints men's basketball team represented Siena College in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Saints, led by third-year head coach Carmen Maciariello, played their home games at MVP Arena in Albany, New York as members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference.
Previous season
The Saints finished the 2020–21 season 12–5, 12–4 in MAAC play to finish as MAAC regular season co-champions alongside Monmouth. As the #1 seed in the MAAC Tournament, they were upset by #9 seed Iona in the quarterfinals.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=""| MAAC Tournament
Source
References
Siena Saints men's basketball seasons
Siena Saints
Siena Saints men's basketball
Siena Saints men's basketball
The final and the qualifying heats of the men's 4×100 metre medley relay event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Sunday 18 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
Results
Heats
Final
See also
Swimming at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay (Atlanta)
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 4x100m Medley Relay (Gothenburg)
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 4 x 100 metre medley relay (Seville)
Swimming at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
The 2014 National League Wild Card Game was a play-in game during Major League Baseball's (MLB) 2014 postseason played between the National League's (NL) two wild card teams, the San Francisco Giants and the Pittsburgh Pirates. It was held at PNC Park in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on October 1, 2014, starting at 8:07 p.m. EDT. After both teams finished the regular season with identical records of 88–74, the Pirates were awarded home field for the game, as they won the season series against the Giants, four games to two. Despite this advantage, the Giants won by a score of 8–0 and advanced to play the Washington Nationals in the NL Division Series. In addition to being the third NL Wild Card Game played, it is notable for the first postseason grand slam hit by a shortstop. The game was televised on ESPN, and was also broadcast on ESPN Radio.
Background
In Major League Baseball, the two teams with the best record in each league who do not win a division play against each other in the Wild Card Game. This was the second postseason meeting between the Giants and Pirates – the two teams first met in the 1971 NL Championship Series, with the Pirates coming from behind to win three games to one after dropping Game 1. The Giants' most recent postseason appearance was in 2012, when they swept the Detroit Tigers to win the World Series that year. On the other hand, the Pirates were able to advance to the playoffs in the previous season, marking the team's first postseason appearance in 21 years. They lost three games to two in that year's NLDS to the St. Louis Cardinals.
The first half of the 2014 season ended with both teams having three players on the NL squad for the 2014 Major League Baseball All-Star Game. Madison Bumgarner, Tim Hudson, and Hunter Pence represented the Giants, while Josh Harrison, Andrew McCutchen, and Tony Watson represented the Pirates. During the second half of the season, there were several teams that were in contention for the two Wild Card spots, along with their divisional competition. These included the Atlanta Braves, Cincinnati Reds, and Miami Marlins, in addition to San Francisco and Pittsburgh. The Pirates performed poorly in August, and they lost seven consecutive games at one point. However, the team made a resurgence by winning 17 of the last 23 games of the regular season, surpassing San Francisco in the process for first place in the wild card standings. The Pirates secured their spot in the postseason on September 23, while the Giants made it to the playoffs two days later. Both were the result of separate Brewers' losses to Cincinnati.
With Pittsburgh's postseason place secured, manager Clint Hurdle chose to start Gerrit Cole – the team's ace – in the final game of the season against the Cincinnati Reds on September 28, instead of skipping his turn in the rotation and saving his start for the Wild Card Game. This was done in an effort to beat the Cardinals to the NL Central division title, rather than settling for the wild card spot. The Pirates also needed to rely on the Arizona Diamondbacks – which finished with the worst record in the MLB at 64–98 (.395) – to defeat St. Louis in order to force a tiebreaker. However, this did not come to fruition as the Cardinals narrowly won 1–0 over the D-backs, while the Pirates lost 4–1 to Cincinnati. As a result of Cole starting in Sunday's season finale, he was unable to pitch in the Wild Card Game on Wednesday.
Game results
Line score
For the Wild Card Game, the Pirates started Edinson Vólquez, who had a 13–7 win–loss record and 3.04 earned run average (ERA) in 31 games started during the 2014 season. Hurdle picked him over the team's other available starters – Francisco Liriano (who would have been pitching on only three days' rest) and Jeff Locke, who pitched erratically throughout the year. The Giants selected left-hander Madison Bumgarner, who had an 18–10 win–loss record and 2.98 ERA during the season, as their starting pitcher. He was chosen over Jake Peavy, given the southpaw's superior record on the road during the season; Bumgarner compiled an 11–4 win–loss record with a 2.22 ERA on the road, compared to a 7–6 record and 4.03 ERA at AT&T Park.
The first third of the game was a tight scoreless pitcher's duel between Volquez and Bumgarner, with the latter needing to throw just 28 pitches – the fewest pitches he has ever tossed in three consecutive innings of any game in his career. Only one batter – Giants' third baseman Pablo Sandoval – was able to advance as far as second base during this time. The game remained tied until the fourth inning, when Volquez allowed two singles and a walk to load the bases. The subsequent batter, Brandon Crawford, hit a grand slam. This was the first grand slam hit by a shortstop in postseason history. Up until this point, players from all other positions in baseball – including pitcher – had hit postseason grand slams. Volquez pitched until the top of the sixth inning, when he gave up a walk and was replaced by Justin Wilson, who promptly threw a wild pitch. Wilson then allowed the inherited runner to score on a run batted in (RBI) single by Brandon Belt, who ended up driving in two more runs in the seventh inning with another single. The Giants added their final run of the game with an RBI single by Buster Posey in the top of the eighth.
The Pirates, who had struggled to score a run off Bumgarner throughout the entire game, came closest in the bottom of the eighth inning. With one out, they had runners at the corners after two errors and a single. He extinguished the threat by striking out Jordy Mercer and having reigning NL MVP Andrew McCutchen ground into a force out. Although Giants manager Bruce Bochy instructed closer Sergio Romo to warm up in the bullpen – in preparation of removing Bumgarner from the game – the starter insisted on continuing into the bottom of the ninth. He proceeded to pitch a perfect inning to finish the shutout, giving up four singles and one walk while striking out 10 during the complete game. In contrast, the entire Pirates' lineup batted .125 that night; excluding Josh Harrison's 2-for-4 performance, the rest of the team hit 2-for-28 (.071).
Aftermath
By winning the game, San Francisco secured the team's seventh NLDS appearance in franchise history since the permanent implementation of the Division Series after the 1994 season. They also extended their record for most consecutive victories in postseason elimination games to seven. This tied the Kansas City Royals, who had just extended their record the night before. Bumgarner became just the third pitcher – after Sandy Koufax (in the 1965 World Series) and Justin Verlander (in the 2012 American League Division Series) – to pitch a shutout with at least 10 strikeouts in a deciding postseason game.
The Giants played the Washington Nationals in the NLDS. The second game of that series saw San Francisco win 2–1 after 18 innings. Lasting 6 hours and 23 minutes, it was the longest postseason game in history in terms of time elapsed, and was the joint-longest in terms of innings (tied with the 4th game of the 2005 NLDS between the Houston Astros and the Braves). Although the Nationals won the next game against Bumgarner – ending the Giants' NL record of 10 consecutive postseason games won – San Francisco triumphed in Game 4 to clinch the series 3–1 and advance to the NL Championship Series (NLCS).
The NLCS was played between Giants and the St. Louis Cardinals in a rematch of the NLCS two years before. The Giants won the series 4–1, attaining the NL pennant and advancing to the World Series for the third time in five years. They faced the Kansas City Royals in only the second Fall Classic played between two wild card teams, and the first since the 2002 World Series when San Francisco lost to the Anaheim Angels in seven games. The Giants won the series in seven games, becoming the sixth Wild Card team to win the World Series.
References
External links
National League Wild Card Game
Pittsburgh Pirates postseason
San Francisco Giants postseason
National League Wild Card Game
Major League Baseball Wild Card Game
National League Wild Card Game
2010s in Pittsburgh
Maxwell Kofi Jumah (born 26 June 1950) is a Ghanaian politician and a former Mayor of Kumasi, former Member of Parliament for the Asokwa Constituency in the Ashanti Region.
Early life and education
Jumah hails from Amakom Antoa in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. He was born on the 26 June 1950 in his hometown. Kofi Jumah holds a Master in Business Administration Degree in Finance and International Marketing from Rutgers University Graduate School of Management, United States of America in 1983. He is an old student of Prempeh College.
Career
Jumah worked as the managing director of Ghana Distilleries Company Limited (GDCL)
Political career
In May 2001, Jumah was appointed by then-President of the Republic of Ghana, John Agyekum Kufuor as the Kumasi Chief Executive of the Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly. He then proceeded to represent Asokwa Constituency after winning his poll in the 2004 Ghanaian General Elections. He continued to represent his Constituency in 5th parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana after being re-elected in the 2008 Ghanaian General Elections. In August 2007, he was sworn in as deputy local government rural and development Minister by the President of the Republic of Ghana, John Agyekum Kufuor. He served in that role till 6 January 2009 when power was handed over to the John Evan Atta Mills government.
Elections
Jumah was elected as the member of parliament for the Asokwa constituency of the Ashanti Region of Ghana for the first time in the 2004 Ghanaian general elections. He won on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party. His constituency was a part of the 36 parliamentary seats out of 39 seats won by the New Patriotic Party in that election for the Ashanti Region. The New Patriotic Party won a majority total of 128 parliamentary seats out of 230 seats. He was elected with 42,942 votes out of 55,771 total valid votes cast. This is equivalent to 77% of total valid votes cast. He was elected over Mahama Nyaba of the People's National Convention, Ishmael Butler of the National Democratic Congress, Peter Amankwa of the Convention People's Party and Kobina Amo-Aidoo an independent candidate. These obtained 660, 9,155, 512 and 2,502 votes respectively of total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 1.2%, 16.4%, 0.9% and 4.5% respectively of total valid votes cast.
In 2008, he won the general elections on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party for the same constituency. His constituency was part of the 34 parliamentary seats out of 39 seats won by the New Patriotic Party in that election for the Ashanti Region. The New Patriotic Party won a minority total of 109 parliamentary seats out of 230 seats. He was elected with 34,801 votes out of 55,819 total valid votes cast. This was equivalent to 62.35% of total valid votes cast. He was elected over Kwaku Baah Bonsu of the National Democratic Congress and Gyimah Akwanuasah an independent candidate. These obtained 7,653 and 13,365 votes respectively of total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 13.71% and 23.94% respectively of the total votes cast.
Personal life
Jumah is married with 5 children. He is a Christian.
Honours and awards
In June 2019, Jumah was awarded at the third edition of the Ghana Manufacturers Awards as the chief executive officer (CEO) of the Year for his work at Best GIHOC Distilleries Company Limited.
References
1950 births
Living people
New Patriotic Party politicians
Rutgers University alumni
Prempeh College alumni
Ghanaian MPs 2005–2009
Ghanaian MPs 2009–2013
Government ministers of Ghana
Mayors of Kumasi
The 2020 Canadian Premier League season was the second season of the Canadian Premier League (CPL), the top level of Canadian soccer.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the CPL announced a 14-day hold on all pre-season training on March 13, 2020. On March 20, the league announced that it would be postponing the start of the season from the previously scheduled date of April 11.
A shortened 2020 season tournament, branded as The Island Games, was played at the University of Prince Edward Island from August 13 to September 19. All players were required to self-isolate for 14 days before travelling, self-isolate for five more days upon arrival, and receive two negative COVID-19 tests before being allowed to play. As of July 29, PEI had the lowest number of COVID-19 cases among provinces, at 36.
Initially, all matches were held behind closed doors. On August 8, the league announced a partnership with the province and PEI Soccer to allow 50 minor soccer players per game to attend matches.
Atlético Ottawa joined the league as its first expansion team, bringing the total number of teams to eight. Hamilton's Forge FC defended their inaugural CPL title, blanking HFX Wanderers FC 2–0 in the final.
Overview
Teams
The seven teams that participated in the inaugural 2019 Canadian Premier League season were set to compete in this season. They were joined by Atlético Ottawa, an expansion team who were created after USL Championship side Ottawa Fury FC suspended operations after being unable to secure approval from USSF and CONCACAF.
Personnel and sponsorship
Coaching changes
Original format
Before being postponed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the regular season was intended to be played from April 11 to October 4. The split-season format of the inaugural season was to be replaced by a single table and full double round-robin. The eight teams would have met their rivals twice at home and twice away for a total of 28 games, the same number as in 2019. The top ranked team in the regular season would have qualified for a spot in the championship final and would have been joined by the winner of a playoff between the second and third ranked teams.
First stage
The eight teams played against each other once each for a total of seven matches. The top four teams advanced to the group stage.
Table
Results
Results by round
Group stage
The four group stage teams met their opponents once each. The top two teams advanced to the final.
Table
Results
Results by round
Final
Statistical leaders
Top scorers
Top assists
|}
Shutouts
Player transfers
U Sports Draft
The 2019 CPL–U Sports Draft was held on November 11 in Montreal, Quebec. Draftees were invited to team preseason camps, with an opportunity to earn a developmental contract and retain their U Sports men's soccer eligibility. HFX Wanderers selected Cory Bent with the first overall pick. Two players were selected by each returning CPL team, with a total of 14 players being drafted including 10 Canadians. Ottawa had not yet joined the league and did not participate in the draft.
Foreign players
Canadian Premier League teams may sign a maximum of seven international players, out of which only five can be in the starting line-up for each match. The following players are considered foreign players for the 2020 season. This list does not include Canadian citizens who represent other countries at the international level.
Players in italic denote players new to their respective clubs for the 2020 season, sorted chronologically by their announcement.
Awards
Canadian Premier League Awards
The nominees for the four CPL awards were announced on September 18, one day before the league final. The awards take into account all matches from The Island Games and are voted on by reporters across Canada. The winners were announced at a ceremony on November 26, 2020.
Team of the Week
The Gatorade Team of the Week is selected by OneSoccer staff.
Media
OneSoccer broadcast all matches of the tournament. CBC Television televised nine matches on Saturdays, and CHCH-TV in Hamilton broadcast Sunday matches. To visually enhance the venue for broadcast as it is only a pitch, an augmented reality "virtual stadium" was employed by host broadcaster Mediapro, rendering CGI grandstands with virtual sponsor placements. An AI-based automated camera system was used for 19 matches, using similar technology to what was used for the CEBL Summer Series.
See also
2020 Canadian Championship
References
Canadian Premier League seasons
Canadian Premier League
Canadian Premier League
Soccer in Prince Edward Island
The 2016 Vermont Senate election took place as part of the biennial United States elections. Vermont voters elected State Senators in all 30 seats. State senators serve two-year terms in the Vermont Senate. The election coincided with elections for other offices including the Presidency, U.S. Senate, U.S. House, Governor, and State House. A primary election held on August 9, 2016 determined which candidates appeared on the November 6 general election ballot.
Following the 2014 Senate elections, Democrats maintained control of the Senate with 21 members in the majority caucus (19 Democrats and 2 Progressives). To claim control of the chamber from Democrats, the Republicans would have needed to net gain 6 or 7 seats depending on the winner of the 2016 Vermont lieutenant gubernatorial election, which was Progressive Dave Zuckerman. However, in these elections, the Democrats instead gained 2 seats from the Republicans. After these elections, Joe Benning stepped down as Minority Leader and he was succeeded by Dustin Degree. Tim Ashe was elected as the new President pro tempore to succeed John Campbell, who had retired.
Summary of results
Results summary
Incumbents defeated in the primary election
Norm McAllister (R-Franklin), defeated by Carolyn Whitney Branagan (R)
Incumbents defeated in the general election
Bill Doyle (R-Washington), defeated by Francis Brooks (D)
Open seats that changed parties
Helen Riehle (R-Chittenden) didn't seek re-election, seat won by Debbie Ingram (D)
Detailed results
Addison
Elects 2 senators.
Incumbent Democrats Claire Ayer, who has represented the Addison district since 2003, and Christopher Bray, who has represented the Addison district since 2013, were re-elected.
Bennington
Elects 2 senators.
Incumbent Democrats Dick Sears, who has represented the Bennington district since 1993, and Brian Campion, who has represented the Bennington district since 2015, were both re-elected.
Caledonia
Incumbent Democrat Jane Kitchel, who has represented the Caledonia district since 2005, and incumbent Republican Minority Leader Joe Benning, who has represented the Caledonia district since 2011, were both re-elected.
Elects 2 senators.
Chittenden
Elects 6 senators.
Incumbent incumbent Democrats Tim Ashe, who has represented the Chittenden district since 2009, Ginny Lyons, who has represented the Chittenden district since 2001, Michael Sirotkin, who has represented the Chittenden district since 2014, and Phil Baruth, who has represented the Chittenden district since 2011, were all re-elected. Incumbent Progressive David Zuckerman, who has represented the Chittenden district since 2013, retired to run for Lieutenant Governor. Incumbent Republican Helen Riehle, who has represented the Chittenden district since 2016, didn't seek re-election. Progressive Christopher Pearson and Democrat Debbie Ingram won the open seats.
Essex-Orleans
Elects 2 senators.
Incumbent Democrats Robert Starr, who has represented the Essex-Orleans district since 2005, and John Rodgers, who has represented the Essex-Orleans district since 2013, were both re-elected.
Franklin
Elects 2 senators.
Incumbent Republican Dustin Degree, who has represented the Franklin district since 2015, was re-elected. Incumbent Republican Norm McAllister, who has represented the Franklin district since 2013, lost re-nomination to fellow Republican Carolyn Whitney Branagan. Branagan won the open seat.
Grand Isle
Elects 1 senator.
Incumbent Democrat Richard Mazza, who has represented the Grand Isle district since 1985, was re-elected.
Lamoille
Elects 1 senator.
Incumbent Republican Richard Westman, who has represented the Lamoille district since 2011, was re-elected.
Orange
Elects 1 senator.
Incumbent Democrat Mark MacDonald, who has represented the Orange district since 2003, was re-elected.
Rutland
Elects 3 senators.
Incumbent Republicans Peg Flory, who has represented the Rutland district since 2011, Kevin Mullin, who has represented the Rutland district since 2003, and Brian Collamore, who has represented the Rutland district since 2015, were all re-elected.
Washington
Elects 3 senators.
Incumbent Democrat Ann Cummings, who has represented the Washington district since 1997, and incumbent Progressive Minority Leader Anthony Pollina, who has represented the Washington district since 2011, were both re-elected. Incumbent Republican Bill Doyle, who has represented the Washington district since 1969, lost re-election to Democrat Francis Brooks.
Windham
Elects 2 senators.
Incumbent Democrat Majority Leader Becca Balint, who has represented the Windham district since 2015, and incumbent Democrat Jeanette White, who has represented the Windham district since 2003, were both re-elected.
Windsor
Elects 3 senators.
Incumbent Democrats Alice Nitka, who has represented the windsor district since 2007, and Richard McCormack, who has represented the Windsor district since 2007, were both re-elected. Incumbent Democrat Senate President pro tempore John Campbell, who has represented the Windsor district since 2001, retired. Fellow Democrat Alison Clarkson won the open seat.
See also
2016 United States elections
2016 Vermont elections
2016 United States presidential election in Vermont
2016 United States Senate election in Vermont
2016 United States House of Representatives election in Vermont
2016 Vermont gubernatorial election
2016 Vermont House of Representatives election
References
Senate
Vermont Senate elections
Vermont Senate
Blanche of France (1 April 1328 – 8 February 1393) was the posthumous daughter of King Charles IV of France and his third wife, Joan of Évreux (the daughter of Louis, Count of Évreux and Margaret of Artois). She was the last direct Capetian and the last-surviving member of her family, and her marriage to her second-cousin, Philip, Duke of Orléans, proved childless. With Blanche's death in 1393, the House of Capet continued to exist only via its numerous cadet branches.
Succession
As with his brothers before him, King Charles IV died without a male heir, thus ending the direct line of the House of Capet. Twelve years earlier, a rule against succession by females, arguably derived from the Salic law, had been recognized as controlling succession to the French throne. Application of this rule barred Charles's 1-year-old daughter Marie from succeeding as the monarch.
Jeanne was also pregnant at the time of his death. Since it could have been possible that she would give birth to a son, a regency was set up under Philip of Valois, the closest agnate. After two months, Queen Jeanne gave birth to Blanche. The regent thus became king and in May was consecrated and crowned. At this time, a further rule of succession, again arguably based on the Salic law, was recognized as forbidding not only inheritance by a woman, but also inheritance through a female line.
Marriage
Blanche married on 8 January 1345 her cousin Philip, Duke of Orléans (1336–1375), son of King Philip VI of France and Queen Joan the Lame. They had no children but Philip had illegitimate children. He had died in 1376, his title and lands returning to the royal domain.
Blanche died in 1393 and is buried in the chapel of Notre-Dame in the Basilica of St Denis.
Ancestry
Notes
1328 births
1393 deaths
House of Capet
French princesses
Duchesses of Orléans
Burials at the Basilica of Saint-Denis
The women's 800 metres event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 and 13 March in San Sebastián.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
800 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
800
Euro
Bungarimba is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. The type species was transferred from Porterandia by K.M. Wong in 2004. The genus is found from Borneo, Malaysia, Sumatra and New Guinea.
Species
Bungarimba kahayanensis K.M.Wong - Kalimantan
Bungarimba papuana K.M.Wong - Papua New Guinea
Bungarimba ridsdalei K.M.Wong - Sabah
Bungarimba sessiliflora (Ridl.) K.M.Wong - Borneo, Malaysia, Sumatra
References
External links
Bungarimba in the World Checklist of Rubiaceae
Rubiaceae genera
Gardenieae
Mark Errington Brydon is an English bassist, guitarist, composer, arranger, recording engineer, remix artist and producer best known as a member of the group Moloko.
Previous work
He comes from Sunderland, England, but established himself in the Sheffield music scene, most notably with the funk band Chakk whose advance from MCA Records financed the building of FON Studios. Before its bankruptcy, Brydon had divested himself of his interests in legendary FON Studios, for which he did everything from designing the studio architecture to hand-choosing equipment.
Brydon made significant contributions to the 1987 British pop hit "House Arrest" by Krush. He furthered his career with contributions to records and remixes such as "The Funky Worm" (whose single "Hustle! (To the Music...)" would become a number one hit on Billboard's Dance Club Songs Chart in 1988) and efforts by Yazz, The Human League, Psychic TV, Boy George, Art of Noise, Sly and Robbie, Cabaret Voltaire and other groups. As a bass player / producer, he was a member of Chakk and Cloud Nine.
Moloko
His biggest contribution to British art pop to date would come as a result of meeting Róisín Murphy, with whom he formed Moloko, at a party. The two hit it off immediately after singer Róisín Murphy walked up to Brydon uttering the line, “Do you like my tight sweater? See how it fits my body”. They began working together first as a duo for two albums, then bringing in a full line-up to tour and record the last two Moloko albums.
Moloko went on indefinite hiatus after the release of Statues in 2003, followed by a successful tour and the release of the full length concert video 11,000 Clicks in 2004 (filmed at their final performance in Brixton, at the end of the Statues tour).
Subsequent work
Following Moloko's indefinite break-up, Brydon focused his energies on the design of a new studio.
He also continues a side career as a remixer under such aliases as DJ Plankton.
References
1960 births
Living people
English electronic musicians
People from Sunderland
English record producers
English bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
English songwriters
English pop guitarists
English male guitarists
English composers
Moloko
British trip hop musicians
Acid jazz guitarists
English house musicians
British male jazz musicians
Religious economy may refer to:
Theory of religious economy, the interpretation of religious persons and organizations interacting within a market framework of competing groups and ideologies.
It could also refer to:
Buddhist economics, a spiritual and philosophical approach to the study of economics
Cultural economics, the branch of economics that studies the relation of culture to economic outcomes
Christian finance, ethical finance following Christian ethics
Economic imperialism (economics)
Economics of religion, the application of economic theory and methods to explain the religious behaviour of individuals and groups
Female labor force in the Muslim world
Institutional economics, the study of role of institutions and evolutionary processes in shaping economic behaviour
Islamic economics
Jewish business ethics, ethical issues that arise in a business environment using Jewish ethics
New institutional economics, the study of social and legal norms and rules that underlie economic activity
Religion and business
Sociology of religion, the study of the beliefs, practices, and organizational forms of religion using the methods of sociology
Wealth and religion
The Chase family is an American family whose members included early American pioneers and those involved in politics, the clergy, business and the military. Originating in Chesham, England, brothers Aquila Chase II and Thomas Chase journeyed to New England. In June, 1640 the brothers received land grants in Hampton, now a part of the State of New Hampshire. Most of the notable members of the family were descendants of Aquila Chase, whose children settled in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. In the late 1700s and early 1800s, members of the Chase family, who had previously been wealthy but not particularly influential, began involving themselves in law, politics, and religion. Lawyers such as Scott Lord (whose mother was a Chase) and Salmon Portland Chase, Chief Justice of the United States, were produced. Chase politicians included Dudley Chase, Champion S. Chase, Dudley Chase Denison, and Margaret Chase Smith. Though the Chase politicians were perhaps best known, the family produced several notable clergymen as well, including Episcopal bishop and educator Philander Chase and the Presbyterian theologian John Chase Lord, who were at the forefronts of their respective churches in their prime.
Notable members and descendants
Amos Chase (1718–1818) was the first deacon of the first Congregational Church and one of the founders of Saco, Maine. He was descended from Aquila Chase II.
Champion S. Chase, first Attorney General of Nebraska. He was descended from Aquila Chase II.
Dudley Chase, US Senator, Chief Justice of Vermont. He was descended from Aquila Chase II.
Gen. Jonathan Chase (colonel), was a soldier in the American Revolutionary War. He was descended from Aquila Chase II.
Kate Chase, daughter of Salmon P. Chase. well known Washington society hostess during the American Civil War. She was descended from Aquila Chase II.
Levi R. Chase was an American fighter pilot and double flying ace during World War II. He was descended from Aquila Chase II, of Newbury, Massachusetts.
Margaret Chase Smith, U.S. Senator from Maine, was descended from Aquila Chase II, of Newbury, Massachusetts.
Bishop Philander Chase, of Jubilee College, Illinois (14 December 1775), Episcopal bishop and founder of Kenyon College. He was descended from Aquila Chase II.
Reuben Chase was an officer in the Continental Navy and served during John Paul Jones' raid into British waters. Reuben Chase was descended from Thomas Chase, of Hampton, New Hampshire.
Salmon P. Chase, Sixth Chief Justice of the United States He was descended from Aquila Chase II.
Thornton Chase, was a distinguished officer of the United States Colored Troops during the American Civil War, and the first western convert to the Bahá'í Faith. He was descended from Aquila Chase II, of Newbury, Massachusetts.
Warren Chase was an American pioneer, reformer, and politician. He was descended from Aquila Chase II, of Newbury, Massachusetts.
Stuart Chase was an American economist, social theorist, and writer. He was descended from Aquila Chase II, of Newbury, Massachusetts.
Will Chase is an American actor, singer, and director. He is descended from Aquila Chase.
References
American families of English ancestry
Political families of the United States
Gasdermin D (GSDMD) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GSDMD gene on chromosome 8.
It belongs to the gasdermin family which is conserved among vertebrates and comprises six members in humans, GSDMA, GSDMB, GSDMC, GSDMD, GSDME (DFNA5) and DFNB59 (Pejvakin). Members of the gasdermin family are expressed in a variety of cell types including epithelial cells and immune cells. GSDMA, GSDMB, GSDMC, GSDMD and GSDME have been suggested to act as tumour suppressors.
Structure
The structure of full-length GSDMD consists of two domains, the 31 kDa N-terminal (GSDMD-N) and 22 kDa C-terminal (GSDMD-C) domains, separated by a linker region. GSDMD-C can be divided into four subdomains and is composed of 10 α-helices and two β-strands, forming a compact globular fold. The linker helix contacts the two helix-repeats which consist of four-helix bundles. The middle domain comprises an antiparallel β-strand and a short α-helix. The first flexible loop of GSDMD-C, which is located between GSDMD-N and the linker helix, stretches out and inserts into the GSDMD-N pocket, stabilizing the conformation of the full-length protein. GSDMD-N forms large transmembrane pores composed of 31 to 34 subunits that allow the release of interleukin-1 (IL-1) family cytokines and drive pyroptosis.
Function
Several current studies have revealed that GSDMD serves as a specific substrate of inflammatory caspases (caspase-1, -4, -5 and -11) and as an effector molecule for the lytic and highly inflammatory form of programmed cell death known as pyroptosis. Hence, GSDMD is an essential mediator of host defence against microbial infection and danger signals. The pore-forming activity of the N-terminal cleavage product causes cell swelling and lysis to prevent intracellular pathogens from replicating, and is required for the release of cytoplasmic content such as the inflammatory cytokine interleukin-1β (IL-1β) into the extracellular space to recruit and activate immune cells to the site of infection. GSDMD has an additional potential role as an antimicrobial by binding to cardiolipin (CL) and form pores on bacterial membranes.
Autoinhibition
Under normal conditions, the full-length GSDMD is inactive as the linker loop between the N-terminal and C-terminal domains stabilises the overall conformation of the full-length protein and allows GSDMD-C to fold back on and auto-inhibit GSDMD-N from inducing pyroptosis.
Upon interdomain cleavage by inflammatory caspases, the auto-inhibition is relieved and GSDMD-N cytotoxicity is triggered.
Activation
GSDMD can be cleaved and activated by inflammatory caspases through both the canonical and non-canonical pyroptotic pathways.
Canonical inflammasome pathway
Caspase-1, conserved in vertebrates, is involved in the canonical pathway and is activated by canonical inflammasomes such as NLRP3 and NLRC4 inflammasomes, which are multi-protein complexes that are formed upon recognition of specific inflammatory ligands called pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) and damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs) in the cytosol by NOD-like receptors (NLRs). Examples include bacterial type 3 secretion system (T3SS) rod protein and flagellin, which are potent activators of NLRC4 inflammasome, and bacterial toxin nigericin that activates NLRP3 inflammasome.
Non-canonical inflammasome pathway
Caspase-11 in mice and its human homolog caspase-4 and -5 are involved in the non-canonical pathway and are activated by directly binding cytosolic lipopolysaccharide (LPS) secreted by gram-negative bacteria.
Upon activation of these caspases, GSDMD undergoes proteolytic cleavage at Asp-275, which is sufficient to drive pyroptosis.
Mechanism
After the proteolytic cleavage, GSDMD-C remains in the cytosol while the N-terminal cleavage product localises to the plasma membrane by anchoring to membrane lipids. GSDMD-N specifically interacts with phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate [PI(4)P] and phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate [PI(4,5)P] on the inner leaflet of mammalian cell membrane strongly, through charge-charge interactions between the negatively-charged head groups of PI and the positively-charged surface on GSDMD-N exposed after cleavage. Hence, collateral damage to tissues during an infection is minimised as the extracellular outer leaflet lacks PI. Lipid binding allows GSDMD-N to insert into the lipid bilayer and induces high-order oligomerisation within the membrane, forming extensive pores with approximately 16 subunits and an inner diameter of 10-14 nm. The osmotic potential is disrupted by pore formation, leading to cell swelling and lysis, the morphologic hallmarks of pyroptosis. The pores also serve as a protein secretion channel to facilitate the secretion of inflammatory cytokines for rapid innate immune response. GSDMD-N can also undergo cytoplasmic distribution and selectively bind to CL on inner and outer leaflets of intracellular bacterial membranes, or be secreted from pyroptotic cells through the pores into the extracellular milieu to target and kill extracellular bacteria.
Clinical significance
Pyroptosis, which can now be defined as gasdermin-mediated necrotic cell death, acts as an immune defence against infection. Hence, failure to express or cleave GSDMD can block pyroptosis and disrupt the secretion of IL-1β, and eventually unable to ablate the replicative niche of intracellular bacteria. Mutation of GSDMD is associated with various genetic diseases and human cancers, including brain, breast, lung, urinary bladder, cervical, skin, oral cavity, pharynx, colon, liver, cecum, stomach, pancreatic, prostate, oesophageal, head and neck, hematologic, thyroid and uterine cancers. Recently, studies have revealed that downregulation of GSDMD promotes gastric cancer proliferation due to the failure to inactivate ERK 1/2, STAT3 and PI3K/AKT pathways, which are involved in cell survival and tumour progression.
However, sepsis and lethal septic shock can result from overactivation of pyroptosis.
Gasdermin D also plays a pivotal role in inflammation related MDS development and progression, gasdermin D knockout significantly extends the survival in MDS mouse model. The critical role of GSDMD in pore formation during pyroptosis provides a new avenue for future drug development for treating inflammatory caspase-associated auto-inflammatory conditions, sepsis and septic shock.
Interactions
GSDMD-N has been shown to interact with:
Phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate
Phosphatidylinositol (4,5)-bisphosphate
Phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate
Phosphatidylinositol 5-phosphate
Phosphatidylinositol (3,4)-bisphosphate
Phosphatidylinositol (3,5)-bisphosphate
Phosphatidylinositol (3,4,5)-trisphosphate
Phosphatidic acid
Phosphatidylserine
Phosphatidylethanolamine
Cardiolipin
See also
Pyroptosis
Inflammasome
GSDMA
GSDMB
GSDMC
DFNA5
Caspases
Caspase-1
Caspase-4
Caspase-5
Caspase-11
Interleukin-1β
References
Further reading
