Food Republic () is a food court chain run by the BreadTalk Group based in Singapore. CEO of Food Republic is Mr. Jenson Ong.
The concept combines local hawker fare with mini restaurants (some of which have exclusive seating) in an open dining concept. Some stalls are also run from standalone pushcarts. Food Republic's elaborate decor and furniture are designed to invoke a nostalgic kampong atmosphere.
Locations
There are currently fourteen branches in Singapore, which are open at Wisma Atria, 313@Somerset, VivoCity, Suntec City, NEX, Parkway Parade, City Square, BreadTalk IHQ, Causeway Point, Westgate, Shaw House, Manulife and Capitol Piazza. In addition, the group operates a food court by the name of Food Opera at ION Orchard together with Tea Loft with high prices that have attracted much attention by the media and the general public.
The Wisma Atria branch seats 900 people while the VivoCity one is slightly bigger and also has a Toast Box outlet attached.
The chain also has five branches in Hong Kong, which are located at Plaza Hollywood in Diamond Hill, Citygate Outlets in Tung Chung, Silvercord in Tsim Sha Tsui, Domain (Hong Kong) in Yau Tong and Olympian City in Tai Kok Tsui. Silvercord branch and Olympian City branch also have Toast Box outlets attached. Toast Box also has branches located at the basement level of Times Square in Causeway Bay and On Shing Terrace of Taikoo Shing. BreadTalk has also had a branch in Viva Beijing, Beijing, at which breadtalk is directly connected to.
There is also a branch located at the basement level of Pavilion Kuala Lumpur, in Malaysia.
In Thailand, Food Republic has three branches in Bangkok, located on the sixth floor of CentralPlaza Grand Rama IX, Mega Bangna and the fourth floor of Siam Center.
In 2012, Food Republic opened three branches in Taiwan: in Banchiao, Taipei City, and Kaohsiung. The most recent of the three opened in Taipei in the first floor of the Carrefour building in Neihu.
In 2016, Food Republic opened a branch in Disneytown, which is a shopping district in Shanghai Disney Resort.
In 2017, Food Republic opened 2 branches at ShenZhen, China
Gallery
External links
Food Republic Official Site
Channelnewsasia article on opening
Regional restaurant chains
Fast-food chains of Singapore
Food court in Singapore
Singaporean brands
Pierre Soubeyran (6 November 1709, Geneva, Republic of Geneva – 12 April 1775, Geneva, Republic of Geneva) was an 18th-century engraver, etcher and Encyclopédiste, mainly active in Paris.
Biography
Pierre Soubeyran was the son of the locksmith Pierre Soubeyran, a Huguenot refugee from Sauve, Languedoc and his wife Pernette de Bourdeau.
He received his first graphic training by Daniel Gardelle (1679-1753) from Geneva, the brother of the painter and engraver Robert Gardelle. His protectors sent him in Paris to further training in 1730. Jean-Jacques Burlamaqui (1694-1748) encouraged him to train as etcher in Paris, where from 1742 to 1749 he was a member of the French Academy of Sciences. At times, he also received lessons by Georg Friedrich Schmidt.
In Paris, he acquired a solid reputation. Soubeyran soon became one of the most qualified engravers of his time. On 14 May 1748, he was appointed as Head of the Public Drawing School in Geneva, École de Dessein de Genève (later known as École Supérieure des Beaux-Arts, Genève).
Soubeyran wrote the article "Montre" for the Encyclopédie by Denis Diderot and d'Alembert.
Pierre Soubeyran is often mistaken with his cousin, Jean-Pierre Soubeyran (1708–1774), a miniaturist.
Main works
His primary prints are:
la Conversion de saint Bruno, after Le Sueur
la Belle villageoise, by Boucher
Portrait de Pierre le Grand, after Caravaggio
Une jeune fille devant son miroir, by Natoire
Six Paysages, by Lucas van Uden.
Most boards of the Traité des pierres antiques, by Mariette, after Bouchardon
Vignettes for the Hall of Mirrors of Versailles, by Massé
Bibliography
Ferdinand Hoefer: Nouvelle Biographie générale. t. 44, Firmin-Didot, Paris 1865, (p. 212–213)
Danielle Buyssens: La carrière parisienne de Pierre Soubeyran, premier directeur de l'école publique de dessin de Genève. In Liber veritatis. 2007, (pp. 181–189)
Danielle Buyssens: La question de l'art à Genève. 2008
References
External links
Pierre Soubeyran on data.bnf.fr
Pierre Soubeyran on Wikisource
18th-century artists from the Republic of Geneva
Engravers from the Republic of Geneva
18th-century French engravers
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
1706 births
1775 deaths
Anandhapurathu Veedu () is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language supernatural mystery film co written and directed by Tamil television director Naga, who has directed serials like Marmadesam, Vidathu Karuppu and Chidambara Rahasiyam. This film, Naga's feature film debut, stars Nandha and Chaya Singh in lead roles along with child artist Aryan, making his debut. Written by Naga, Sharath Haridasan and Indra Soundar Rajan and produced by director S. Shankar's S Pictures, Anandhapurathu Veedu was released on 9 July 2010 to positive reviews.
Plot
15 years after an accident in which Bala's parents died, Bala returns with his wife Revathi and son Anand to his hometown. They decide to stay a couple of nights in the massive house in which he grew up. As he spends a few days in the house and recalls his memories, Anand, who has a disability to speak, sees supernatural movements around the house but could not tell anyone what he witnesses. Soon, Revathi, who suffers from claustrophobia, deduces poltergeist activity in the house, and so, she tells Bala that they have to go back to Chennai. Anand enjoys the presence of the ghosts and does not find any problem. Problems come up between the couple that they had never thought of when they had love marriage. Soon, Revathi discovers that they did not come on holiday, but in fact, came to escape some rowdies that Bala owes money to. This is when Bala's classmate and business partner Jeeva arrives to stay with them. His company had borrowed 40 lakhs from a rowdy, and over the months, it had increased to 50 lakhs, but he is unable to pay back any money as his agent, who was supposed to give him two crores, runs away and is nowhere to be found. With the help of ghosts, Bala and his family find a way to escape from being kept under house arrest. Bala's partner, who has been jealous of him, had the money the whole time to pay the rowdies.
Cast
Nandha as Bala Subramaniam
Chaya Singh as Revathy Bala Subramaniam
Aryan as Anand Subramaniam
Krishna as Jeeva
Kalairani as Mayilamma
Y. G. Mahendra as Bala's father's friend
Lavanya as Radhika
Megh Varn Pant as Sashikanth
Ganesh Babu as Rathinam
Samson T. Willson as Natwarlal
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by debutant Ramesh Krishnan.
Thaaye Enge
Chithrai Vaanam
See also
Things Heard & Seen
Critical reception
Sify wrote "The trouble with popular television serial director Naga's debut film Ananthapurathu Veedu is that it just does not live up to the promise. It has been promoted as a supernatural thriller by its makers and ends up as a tame family run-of-the-mill movie." Behindwoods wrote, "Although AV has a couple of pluses to its credit, it lacks in pace and there is an uneven keel to it. The narration does not engage the audience which is much needed for a film like this. AV does not scare you at all and is right for people wanting a relaxed family fare." The New Indian Express wrote, "Labelled as a supernatural thriller with a comic touch, the film however neither generates fear nor laughter. In fact, it leaves you with no feelings at all. It has quite a few subplots with characters entering, leaves you with a narration that is bland and juvenile at places."
References
External links
Indian mystery films
2010 films
2010s Tamil-language films
2010 directorial debut films
Sberna is a surname found in the Swiss-Italian and Franco-Provençal regions. It may be of Celtic origin.
Etymology
The name is derived from the Celtic word vern, gwern or berula (berle), meaning "alder tree" or place of alders. The name indicates a Celtic person who lived where alders grew. The etymology seems to be very old and dates back to the time of Gaul, which was inhabited by Celtic tribes.
In the Romansh language spoken in the Cantons of Grisons (Graubünden) and Ticino in Switzerland and in Lombardy (Italy), the word appears as s'bèrna and bèrna, with the accent over the letter "e". Its dialectal meaning is "skinny and ugly" (magro e brutto in Italian), indicating that the name derives from a physical appellation of people, although that is only a hypothesis.
The Eastern Alpine dialect is also spoken in parts of Sicily, having been introduced by the Vikings at the time of the Norman Conquest (Viking). According to Gerhard Rohlfs the name derives from a Sicilian word sberna which meant "alder" whereas for it means big cloth cover (cf. burnous).
Variant forms
Related surnames are "Vernon" in the English-speaking world, and "Bernaz" in the Chablais.
References
Surnames of Italian origin
Rhaeto-Romance surnames
Getting There is a 1988 studio album by jazz guitarist John Abercrombie with bassist Marc Johnson and drummer Peter Erskine. Tenor saxophonist Michael Brecker plays on three tracks.
Reception
Critic Jim Todd at Allmusic gave the album 2½ stars, stating, "The music on this 1988 release from guitarist John Abercrombie is groomed to such aseptic perfection that little remains of the musical personalities behind these sounds... Musicians of the caliber of Abercrombie, Johnson, Erskine, and Brecker cannot fail to generate interest when they get together. This time out, though, their efforts would have been better presented as a master class workshop". The Penguin Guide to Jazz gave the album 3 stars.
Tyran Grillo of ECM Reviews commented "Getting There seems, like many of ECM's dates from the decade, to have been overlooked by many, but its rewards are plentiful... This album is also marked by thoughtful choices in distortion and amplification, as exemplified in the title track, in which Abercrombie lets fly his laser-honed melodies, burning like a welding torch in a silent film... Abercrombie has a tendency to catapult his notes, sending listeners on clean, high lobs. These are some of his brightest, not least because of Lee Townsend's sparkling production. And in the company of such comparably strong wings, this flock can do no wrong. This is captivating music-making that welcomes us into the joy of musicians at the peak of their expressive powers".
Track listing
Personnel
John Abercrombie – acoustic and electric guitars, guitar synthesizer
Michael Brecker – tenor saxophone
Marc Johnson – double bass
Peter Erskine – drums
References
John Abercrombie (guitarist) albums
1987 albums
WEEU-TV was a television station that broadcast on UHF channel 33 from Reading, Pennsylvania, United States, between 1953 and 1955. It was owned by the Hawley Broadcasting Company alongside radio station WEEU (850 AM). The station ceased broadcasting because of the economic difficulties associated with early UHF television stations.
History
WEEU-TV began commercial broadcasting on April 15, 1953, as an extension of the radio station; the transmitter on Mount Penn had been radiating test patterns since April 9. Airing NBC and ABC programming, the station operated on a reduced-power basis for the first month and a half until it was ready to broadcast at its full authorized power.
Prior to the passage of the All-Channel Receiver Act in 1964, receiving UHF television stations like WEEU-TV and competitor WHUM-TV (channel 61)—which signed on in February—typically required a converter. Channel 33 worked with TV dealers and salesmen to go door-to-door to promote UHF conversions and the WEEU-TV program lineup. The local lineup included news, weather and sports programs, as well as Studio Date, a program for teenagers hosted by William Webber, later a children's television personality in Philadelphia. The station also produced other entertainment programs, including a cooking show and a quiz show titled "Know Your Reading".
On June 28, 1955, Hawley Broadcasting announced that it would cease operation of WEEU-TV on June 30. In a full-page advertisement that ran in the Eagle and then in Broadcasting magazine, the next week, the company declared that it had closed the television station due to the "tremendous operating costs" involved and the "apathy" of national advertisers. The move came as more viewers tuned to the more powerful—and VHF—signals of Philadelphia's network stations.
The channel 33 allocation was immediately considered to be shifted. In 1957, the FCC instituted a rulemaking proceeding to decide between two proposals by other UHF stations to move channel 33 to York or Harrisburg. At year's end, WEEU-TV surrendered the construction permit, which it still held. By that time, fellow UHF outlet WHUM-TV had closed as well.
While the tower has been removed, the former transmitter building is still in use for a number of FM translators, as well as a translator for WFMZ-TV of Allentown. It was also used by WTVE when that station started in 1980; it left Reading and moved into Philadelphia proper in 2017.
References
EEU-TV
Defunct television stations in the United States
1953 establishments in Pennsylvania
1955 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Television channels and stations established in 1953
Television channels and stations disestablished in 1955
Reading, Pennsylvania
Akram Fahimian (, born 17 December 1990) is an Iranian poet who has gained success inside of Iran. She began writing poetry when she was sixteen, frequently winning awards at poetry festivals. She is also a photographer. She created a wiki for artists, Artists Database, in 2013 at the age of 23.
Awards
Chosen in festival poetry students - 2007
Candidate from Poetry Festival "expected" - 2010
Chosen in festival for the poem "Prayer" - 2010
Candidate in festival for the poem "Defence" - 2011
Chosen in festival for the poem "Bharnarnj" - 2012
Chosen in festival for the poem "Bharnarnj" - 2013
Chosen in festival for the poem "Palm and Olive Graft" - 2014
References
External links
Video Clips Of Akram Fahimian photos
Akram Fahimian Photos
Page Akram Fahimian Poetry (Persian)
20th-century Iranian poets
1990 births
Living people
21st-century Iranian poets
Mental Madhilo () is a 2017 indian Telugu-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Vivek Athreya in his directorial debut, and produced by Raj Kandukuri (well known for Pelli Choopulu) for Dharmapatha Creations. The film features Sree Vishnu, Nivetha Pethuraj, and Amrutha Srinivasan in lead roles with Sivaji Raja, Madhumani, Raj Madiraju and Anita Chowadary in pivotal roles. This film marks the Telugu debut of Nivetha Pethuraj and Srinivasan. Songs and background score for the movie are composed and arranged by Prashanth R Vihari. The film's title was taken from a song from OK Bangaram.
Plot
Decision making? Well that's tough given that options before you are equally luring. That's near to impossible for a guy, Aravind Krishna (Sree Vishnu) is a guy affected to Borderline personality disorder a fickle-minded person since childhood who gets confused when faced with regular options. The kind that could answer everything on a theoretical paper but returns the objective paper blank. Not just getting confused, like any one of us generally happen to be, but yearns for the option that he didn't choose after deciding. To add to this, an incident from his 12th year makes him uncomfortable to talk to or be around girls. As he becomes older, the situation doesn't get any better. Aravind, now 29 years old, almost gives up on the hope of getting married after messing up 12 match makings. Reluctantly, he attends the 13th and to his surprise, he finds himself at ease when he talks to Swetcha (Nivetha Pethuraj), a clear-headed straight forward girl in contrast to Aravind.
Swetcha who sees the plainness in his heart agrees to marry him. The two spend some time together before getting engaged, as they get to know about each other they start liking each other. Being with Swetcha helps Aravind to get over his discomfort with girls. While waiting on their engagement, Aravind is obliged to go to Mumbai for a project. On his way, he meets a joyous and unpredictable girl, called Renuka (Amrutha Srinivasan), from Vijayawada and architectural student who leaves an impression during their bus journey, but disappears as he reaches Mumbai. She is a strong believer in destiny and Aravind too subconsciously starts believing in it and starts searching for her in Mumbai. The same destiny has them meet again in Mumbai and she became a roommate with Aravind along with Saki (Kireeti Damaraju) and some other friends. Meanwhile, Aravind finds himself drawn to her as he spends more and more time with her. He became infatuated with her and one night they both kiss later she shares her past that he had a boyfriend who died in an accident. Then she confesses her feelings on Aravind later she Vacated the Apartment next day. The same night in the confused state of mind Aravind calls off the engagement with Swetcha then suddenly manages it as prank. Then in the next day Swetcha gives a surprise visit to Mumbai. She befriends all of his friends. Later she asks about Renu however they manage but Swetcha finds her in a restaurant they both become good friends.
Later while going back Swecha admits to Aravind that she understands everything about Aravind and Renu and shows anguish on him and she goes to Hyderabad. In Hyderabad Aravind's father (Sivaji Raja) makes him realise that how the risk of choice making will become a positive change in life. Then Aravind for the first time took decision and came to apologise Swetcha but she avoids him. Later he meets Renu and confess his feelings on Swetcha and apologise Renu. Then, Renu encourages Aravind to propose to Swetcha and they part their ways. The same night Aravind went to Swetcha's home to talk about it but her mom (Anitha Chowdary) tells him that she is on a bus which is going out of station. Then Aravind catches the bus along with his father successfully. Then he proves that he overcomes his disorder and apologise her. Then, finally, Swetcha accept his proposal with a tight slap. Meanwhile, his father comically encounters the other passenger (Nara Rohit) and invites him to his son's marriage. Aravind and Swetcha get married and lived happily.
Cast
Sree Vishnu as Aravind Krishna
Nivetha Pethuraj as Swetcha
Amrutha Srinivasan as Renuka
Keshav Deepak as Manu
Kireeti Damaraju as Saki
Shivaji Raja as Arvind Krishna's father
Madhumani as Aravind Krishna's mother
Raj Madiraju as Swetcha's father
Anita Chowadary as Swetcha's mother
Dinesh Koushika as Aravind's friend
Appaji Ambarisha Darbha as office colleague
Jahanvi Dassety
Sujata
Nara Rohit as a bus passenger (Cameo Appearance)
Soundtrack
Music composed by Prashanth R Vihari.
Production
The film was written by Vivek Athreya, who also made his directorial debut with this film. It completed its production in 40 days, across 3 schedules and is shot in Hyderabad, Mumbai and Goa.
Once the production was completed, the film was taken over and presented by Suresh Productions.
Release
After Suresh Productions took over the film, there were regular previews to audience and critics a few days before the release. The film was released in India on 24 November 2017. Overseas, it was distributed by Freeze Frame Films LLC.
Reception
The film has garnered positive feedback from the audience and critics. Actor Sree Vishnu received accolades for his ease of acting from critics and so did Nivetha Pethuraj, the female lead. The film had a good gross collection across the released theatres and made its mark overseas. Producer Raj Kandukuri along with actor Nani released its first song, "Gummadikaya Halwa", on 30 June at SIIMA 2017.
Awards
References
External links
Pontelandolfo is an Italian town and comune in the Sannio Hills in the province of Benevento, approximately halfway between Naples and Campobasso.
Geography
Pontelandolfo is located on a mountainous area of Italy. The area that surrounds Pontelandolfo has a wide range of altitudes (400-1,017 meters), with the center of population situated at 525 meters.
There are three prominent mountains that surround Pontelandolfo. These include Mount Calvello, which has an altitude of 1,017 meters, Toppo Mangialardo (917 m) and Mount Forgioso (850 m).
History
The name of the village comes from the legendary Pontis Landulphi, or the Bridge of Landolfo, named after a soldier who died defending the bridge against the Romans while the villagers fled to safety, an event memorialized in the village's crest. The bridge is believed to have spanned the Alenta Creek, whose source is the Calore Irpino.
According to local ancient folklore, the regional surname Guerrera derived from the Latin spelling Gverrera meaning warrior or man of war, is said to have origins dating back to the soldier who died defending the bridge against the Romans. The Guerrera clan for centuries inhabited the fertile lands south of the Alenta Creek stretching between San Lupo and Pontelandolfo centred in and around the current village of Giallonardo.
Pontelandolfo is mostly remembered as the location, along with Casalduni, of a massacre of largely civilian population by the Piedmontese occupation troops in 1861.
Many villagers emigrated to the United States, with a large community settling in and around Waterbury, Connecticut, where they founded the Pontelandolfo Community Club. A large number also moved to Canada, specifically to the city of Montreal. A significant number also emigrated to Australia in the period post World War 2 to the early 1970s and settled predominantly on Sydney's North Shore and Eastern Suburbs area, and whose family surnames include: Guerrera; Orsini; Mucciacciaro; Rubbo; and Mancini. A small number also settled in and around Melbourne. The early Australian emigrants worked in the Queensland sugar cane fields before moving to Sydney where they settled and were later joined by their extended families.
Main sights
Medieval tower (12th century)
Church of Annunziata Antica (15th century)
Chapel of San Rocco (17th-18th centuries)
Economy
Much of the surrounding area of Pontelandolfo (14.91 km2) is used for agriculture thanks to the fertility of the ground, which was already well known by the ancient Greeks. The primary use of the land is for olive-tree orchards, pastures and for the culture of cereals.
Twin towns
Pontelandolfo is twinned with:
Waterbury, USA
References
External links
Official website
Pontelandolfo News
Krome Photos is an American privately held photo-editing company that uses artificial intelligence to connect people with professional photo editors. Operated by Eduardo Llach, it was founded in 2010.
History
Krome Photos is an online service that works on iOS, Android, or by browsing the Krome Photo website. Using their smart phones, customers can remove unwanted details in the photo, merging elements of multiple images into one using multiple techniques etc. I
The company also produces "Krome Look Books" that includes backgrounds and styles for photo edits . It also provides travel scenes, backdrops, as well as general outdoor scenes.
References
External links
American companies established in 2010
Stéphane Badul (born February 3, 1983) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays for Petite Rivière Noire SC in the Mauritian League as a midfielder.
Career
Senior career
Badul has played for numerous clubs in Mauritius, including ASVP and Petite Rivière Noire SC, his current club.
Controversy
During the 2011 Mauritian League, ASPL 2000 accused Badul of playing for his club Petite Rivière Noire SC illegally due to yellow card accumulation. The MFA looked into the matter and suspended Badul from taking part in domestic footballing activities for 6 months.
International career
Badul has represented Mauritius since 2007.
References
External links
Living people
1983 births
Mauritian footballers
Mauritius international footballers
Petite Rivière Noire FC players
Mauritian Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Bernard Leopold Sandow Prendergast (25 December 1911 – 30 October 1966) was a Jamaican track and field athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics at Berlin, as Jamaica was not represented at that Olympics.
Prendergast participated in the discus throw event at the 1936 Berlin Olympics, but did not qualify for the final, and his exact result is unknown. He had a personal best of . He previously won the bronze medal in the discus throw competition, at the 1934 British Empire Games.
Born in Kingston, Jamaica, Prendergast was of British descent. He studied medicine in London, at St Mary's Hospital Medical School, from 1933-42. While at the Berlin Olympics in 1936, he was involved in an accident involving a javelin that caused a fatality, which had a profound effect on him.
References
External links
1911 births
1966 deaths
Sportspeople from Kingston, Jamaica
British male discus throwers
Jamaican male discus throwers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Jamaica
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Jamaican people of British descent
John Sloane (1779May 15, 1856) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and later the Treasurer of the United States.
Born in York, Pennsylvania, Sloane moved to Ohio in early youth. He completed preparatory studies. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1803–1805 and again in 1807. Sloane served as colonel of militia in the War of 1812.
United States receiver of public moneys at Canton, Ohio from 1808 to 1816 and at Wooster 1816-1819.
Sloane was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Congresses, reelected as an Adams-Clay Republican to the Eighteenth Congress, and elected as an Adams candidate to the Nineteenth and Twentieth Congresses (March 4, 1819 – March 4, 1829). He served as chairman of the Committee on Elections (Seventeenth through Twentieth Congresses).
He was appointed clerk of the court of common pleas of Wayne County in 1831 and served several years. He was the Secretary of State of Ohio, 1841–1844.
Sloane was Treasurer of the United States from November 27, 1850, to April 6, 1853.
He died in Wooster, Ohio, May 15, 1856. He was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery.
Notes
Sources
External links
1779 births
1856 deaths
Burials in Ohio
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
Politicians from York, Pennsylvania
People from Wooster, Ohio
American militiamen in the War of 1812
Secretaries of State of Ohio
Treasurers of the United States
American militia officers
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ohio National Republicans
19th-century American politicians
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
The Treaty of Mount Dexter was signed between the United States and the Choctaws. The treaty was signed November 16, 1805. The area ceded was from the Natchez District to the Tombigbee Alabama River watershed, mostly in present-day Mississippi.
Terms
The preamble begins with,
1. Cession to the United States. Reservation.
2. Consideration.
3. Payment to certain Indians for past services.
4. Claim of John M'Grew.
5. Boundaries.
6. A certain former grant confirmed.
7. When to take effect.
Significance
This treaty conveyed large amounts of land in what is now southeastern Mississippi and southwestern Alabama, including much of the western portion of Clarke County, Alabama, to the United States.
In February, 1809, a survey was begun to establish the actual boundary lines between the United States and the Choctaw Nation. The United States
contracted with Silas Dinsmoor and Levin Wailes for this survey.
Signatories
The main signers included James Robertson, Silas Dinsmoor, Pukshunnubbee, Mingo Hoomastubbee, and Pushmataha.
See also
List of Choctaw Treaties
Treaty of Hopewell
Treaty of Fort Adams
Treaty of Fort Confederation
Treaty of Hoe Buckintoopa
Treaty of Fort St. Stephens
Treaty of Doak's Stand
Treaty of Washington City
Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek
List of treaties
Choctaw Corner
Citations
External links
Indian Affairs: Laws and Treaties (Treaty with the Choctaw, 1805)
Mount Dexter
1805 treaties
1805 in the United States
Schildau is a small town in the district Nordsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is located 12 km southwest of Torgau and 40 km east of Leipzig. Since 1 January 2013, it is part of the town Belgern-Schildau.
Notable people
August Neidhardt von Gneisenau (1760-1831), Prussian field marshall
References
Nordsachsen
Former municipalities in Saxony
Province of Saxony
Horten Peak () is a small rock peak, high, rising south of the summit of Risemedet Mountain in the Gjelsvik Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named by them.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Pouakai may refer to:
an alternative spelling of Poukai, a bird monster in Polynesian mythology who ate humans
Haast's Eagle, an extinct bird of New Zealand
Pouakai Range, an eroded, extinct volcano on the northern flank of Mount Taranaki
A vehicle inspection pit or grease pit is a pit or trench over which a vehicle can be driven and parked to be serviced from beneath. They are typically situated in vehicle inspection bays or garages. The use of a pit by a technician negates the need for a jack or winch. Inspection pits have to be narrow enough to fit between the wheels of a vehicle yet wide enough for a technician to work within. Access to the pit is provided by stairs or steps.
Falls into pits are common accidents in vehicle inspection bays. It is advised to place a net over unoccupied vehicle inspection pits to protect against falls.
It is important that the pit is well ventilated to prevent fires and explosions from hazardous substances.
References
Motor vehicle maintenance
Vehicle inspection
Chen An-Hu (born 31 December 1924) is a Taiwanese former sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1924 births
Living people
Taiwanese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Taiwan
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Beijing
Taiwanese people from Beijing
Tunisian Sign Language is the sign language used by deaf people in Tunisia. It derives from Italian Sign Language, mixed with indigenous sign.
It is not clear how the language of the Burj as-Salh deaf village relates to indigenous sign and TSL.
References
French Sign Language family
Languages of Tunisia
Aarhus City Hall is the city hall of Aarhus, Denmark. The decision to build a new city hall was taken during a city hall meeting in 1937. The new building was inaugurated 2 June 1941, designed by architects Arne Jacobsen and Erik Møller. On the first proposal, the plans did not include a tower but due to massive public pressure it was later added to the drawings along with the idea to clad the structure in marble. Hans Wegner was in charge of the furnishing - which is uniquely designed to fit the building -, and parts of the interior design.
Architecture and design
The city hall has a total area of 19,380 m2 including the basement. The tower is 60 m tall and the tower clock face has a diameter of 7 m. The building is made of concrete plated with 6,000 m2 of grey marble from Porsgrunn in Norway. On the outside, copper is used for many architectural details, signified by the characteristic green verdigris. The interior is more luscious in its expression with oaken parquet floors, ceramic tile floors in various patterns, specially designed wooden furniture, glass walls, wooden walls and large wall paintings and decorations. Inside, brass and bronze is used for metal architectural details.
The price for the building was 9.5 mio. DKR, including the cost of the land area and inventory which in itself comprised 1.5 mio. DKR. As one of just a few Danish city halls, it was marked for preservation in March 1994 because of its unique architecture and design. In January 2006, the city hall was included in the Danish Culture Canon under architecture.
The city hall features as the main location of the short film Nada - Act II by Slovenian artist Jasmina Cibic.
Former city halls
Aarhus has officially had two former city halls. The first was erected in the middle of the 15th century and was situated in front of the tower of the Aarhus Cathedral. It was demolished in 1859.
The second city hall was erected during 1856 and 1857, immediately northeast of the Cathedral. Officially it was a city hall, courthouse and penitentiary. From 1856 to 1906, the county councils also held their meetings in the building and the Aarhus art museum, that now has evolved to become the ARoS art museum, started out in the attic in 1859. When the building was not needed as a city hall any longer due to the erection of the present city hall, the building was in use as a police station between 1941 and 1984. Today the building houses Kvindemuseet, a museum for women's culture and history in Denmark.
Surroundings
The Aarhus City Hall is situated in Rådhusparken (The City Hall Park). The park is rather small, but marks the main entrance to the city for travellers arriving at the Central Station close by and hosts various events throughout the year. The City Hall Park connects with the park area in front of The Concert Hall of Aarhus () and leads to the central square of Rådhuspladsen (The City Hall Square).
Sources
Byens hus, Erhvervsarkivet 1991
References
External links
Photos of the City Hall and the park arslonga.dk
A Lovable House: an architectural documentary about Aarhus City Hall
Government buildings completed in 1941
Towers completed in 1941
Arne Jacobsen buildings
Listed city and town halls in Denmark
Modernist architecture in Aarhus
City and town halls in Denmark
City Hall
Danish Culture Canon
Functionalist architecture in Aarhus
1941 establishments in Denmark
The St. Charles Bridge near Pueblo, Colorado which brings Pueblo County Road 65 over the St. Charles River, was built in 1924. It is a filled spandrel arch bridge. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It has three spans achieving a total bridge length of with a roadway almost wide. Salle Construction Company won competitive bidding to construct either a steel or concrete structure for its bid of $39,077. The company "used a reinforced concrete vault system to excavate for the foundations, an unusual method which they later patented." The bridge was completed during February to late June 1924.
It is one of the longest filled spandrel arch bridges in Colorado.
References
External links
Deck arch bridges in the United States
Bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Pueblo County, Colorado
Buildings and structures completed in 1924
The 1973 Asia Golf Circuit was the 12th season of golf tournaments that comprised the Asia Golf Circuit, formerly known as the Far East Circuit.
Australian Graham Marsh won the circuit overall prize for the second year running.
Schedule
The table below shows the 1973 Asia Golf Circuit schedule. The only scheduling change from 1972 was the Hong Kong tournament moved to an early date.
Final standings
The Asia Golf Circuit standings were based on a points system.
References
Asia Golf Circuit
Asia Golf Circuit
Paola Igliori (born in Rome, Italy), is a poet, writer, photographer, essayist and publisher. She became a resident of New York City from the 1980s, when she first moved there, until 2003 when she returned to her home country. Paola Igliori has a son Filippo, who is a photographer and filmmaker.
Biography
Igliori's parents habitually invited poets, writers, and other artists at the family estate of Villa Lina, near Rome, where young Paola and her four brothers and sisters, Benedetta, Gaia, Ulisse and Alessandro, spent their summers and "grew up in between the intellectual, scholarly and creative milieu that surrounded [her] and the root elders".
In the mid 1980s Paola relocated to New York with her then-husband, artist Sandro Chia. While in New York, she wrote her first book, Entrails, Heads, and Tails, which contained photographic essays and conversations with artists such as Louise Bourgeois, James Turrell, Enzo Cucchi, Vito Acconci, Cy Twombly, Gilbert & George, Francesco Clemente, Sigmar Polke, Julian Schnabel, Wolfgang Laib, and others, published by Rizzoli in 1991. The book was described by some critics "an exploration of creativity through the everyday life".
Igliori's conversations with artists, and her photo essays, have appeared in magazines in many countries, such as Artscribe, Interview, and Wolkenkratzer.
In 1990, she started the publishing label of Inanout Press, based in New York City, essentially a "one-woman band from thought to distribution." putting out publications such as Chocolate Creams & Dollars (1992), Paul Bowles' collaboration with Moroccan storyteller Mohammed Mrabet; Stickman (1994); and others.
In 1996, she edited and published American Magus: A Modern Alchemist, a book about then largely unknown (though well known among artists, since the 1950s) American artist, painter, poet, filmmaker, essayist and collector Harry Everett Smith. Igliori had developed a strong personal relationship with Smith, who, by some accounts, died in 1992 in her arms "singing as he drifted away", at the Hotel Chelsea. In 2001, she wrote and directed a documentary about Smith, titled American Magus.
In 2003, Iglori relocated back to Villa Lina, in Italy, which, for a few years, she operated as a residential estate, also organising social events.
Bibliography
Igliori, Paola. Entrails, Heads & Tails; photographic essays and conversations on the everyday, Rizzoli, New York, 1992, ASIN B002J7QO3O
American Magus Harry Smith: A Modern Alchemist, about Harry Everett Smith edited by Paola Igliori. New York, New York: Inanout Press, 1996, 286 pages,
Trudell, John. Stickman: Poems, Lyrics, Talks, edited by Paola Igliori. New York, New York: Inanout Press, 1999, 168 pages,
Filmography
American Magus (2002)
Notes
Further reading
Interview of Allen Ginsberg by Paola Igliori, mainly about Harry Smith, 1995 at AllenGinsberg.org
Article about the book American Magus in Animation World Magazine
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Italian women writers
Italian emigrants to the United States
Borodino class motorship was a class of Russian river passenger ships. The series is named after Borodino village, and the ships themselves are notable for their size, power, and use in the Russo-Japanese War and the Bolshevik Revolution.
Origins
The Borodino class were some of the first screw ships for passengers on the various rivers in Russia. The ships were built between 1911 and 1917 at the Kolomenskiy shipyard for Kaukas & Mercury primarily for passenger service, although some also performed postal work.
Specifications
The ships each had a pair of six-cylinder diesel engines, and had double decks. Capable of carrying 500 passengers and up to 300 tons of cargo, they were not small paddle boats, but large ships, over 300 feet long over 30 feet wide.
History of the series
During the Bolshevik Civil War, the Borodino class ships were used as troop transports in service with the Red Army. One of the ships was temporarily the flagship of an ad-hoc war fleet, mostly of other retrofitted river craft and fishing vessels.
In World War II a few of the ships were used to evacuate people and wounded soldiers from Stalingrad, but most were tasked with carrying valuable equipment and material back away from the German front towards the interior of the Soviet Union.
After 1960, the remaining ships not destroyed by war were rebuilt and refurbished, and operated by the Volga Shipping Company.
Ships
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
The Danishefsky Taxol total synthesis in organic chemistry is an important third Taxol synthesis published by the group of Samuel Danishefsky in 1996 two years after the first two efforts described in the Holton Taxol total synthesis and the Nicolaou Taxol total synthesis. Combined they provide a good insight in the application of organic chemistry in total synthesis.
Danishefsky's route to Taxol has many similarities with that of Nicolaou. Both are examples of convergent synthesis with a coupling of the A and the C ring from two precursors. The main characteristic of the Danishefsky variant is the completion of the oxetane D ring onto the cyclohexanol C ring prior to the construction of the 8-membered B ring. The most prominent starting material is the (+) enantiomer of the Wieland-Miescher ketone. This compound is commercially available as a single enantiomer and the single chiral group present in this molecule is able to drive the entire sequence of organic reactions to a single optically active Taxol endproduct. The final step, the tail addition is identical to that of Nicolaou and is based on Ojima chemistry.
In terms of raw material shopping, this taxol molecule consists of the aforementioned Wieland-Miescher ketone, 2-methyl-3-pentanone, lithium aluminium hydride, osmium tetroxide, phenyllithium, pyridinium chlorochromate, the Corey-Chaykovsky reagent and acryloyl chloride. Key chemical transformations are the Johnson-Corey-Chaykovsky reaction and the Heck reaction.
Retrosynthesis
Taxol resulted from the tail addition of the Ojima lactam to alcohol 51, which is baccatin III (the original target molecule of the Danishefsky synthesis). Alcohol 51 was derived from the allylic oxidation of α-acylketone 49. Compound 49 was ultimately derived from the Heck reaction of enol triflate 38, which was used to close the B-ring. Enol triflate 38 resulted from a rearrangement of compound 31 after protection of its hydroxyl group. Compound 31 was derived from the connection of the A and C rings with aldehyde 21 combining with the vinyllithium reagent derived from cyanohydrin 29. Cyanohydrin 29 originated as the ethyl isopropyl ketone (22). Aldehyde 21 was obtained from compound 17, which was the product of the opening of ketal 12. Ketal 12 was ultimately derived from the Wieland-Miescher ketone (1).
D Ring synthesis
Scheme 1 shows the synthesis of the oxetane D ring from the C ring starting from the (+) enantiomer of the Wieland-Miescher ketone (1). Reduction of this diketone with sodium borohydride provided unsaturated ketoalcohol 2, which was protected as an acetate. Formation of the ketal was accompanied by alkene rearrangement. The acetyl group was replaced by a tert-butyldimethylsilyl protecting group. Hydroboration followed by oxidation with hydrogen peroxide gave alcohol 5. The hydroxyl group was then oxidized to a carbonyl group giving ketone 6 by action of pyridinium dichromate. With all the sensitive functional groups protected, the methylene group required for the oxetane ring D was then provided by the Corey-Chaykovsky reagent, which converted the carbonyl group to an epoxide (7). Treatment of this epoxide with aluminium isopropoxide gave allylic alcohol 8. Two more hydroxyl groups were added by oxidation of the newly formed double bond with a catalytic amount of osmium tetroxide in the presence of N-methylmorpholine N-oxide. This reaction lacked stereospecificity and the yield of triol 9 with the correct stereochemistry was therefore reduced. The primary alcohol was protected as a silyl ether and the secondary alcohol was activated as a triflate (11). Heating this trimethylsilyl protected triflate in refluxing ethlyene glycol closed the ring to give oxetane 12.
Preparation for AB ring synthesis
In the next phase (Scheme 2), starting from ketal 12, the cyclohexane ring was cleaved to provide two anchoring points for fusion with the A ring. Alcohol 12 was protected by a benzyl group. The acetonide protecting group was removed from the ketone. Ketone 14 was converted to silyl enol ether 15 by reaction with trimethylsilyl triflate, and a modified Rubottom oxidation using 3,3-dimethyldioxirane followed by a treatment with camphorsulfonic acid introduced a hydroxyl group alpha to the ketone. Ring opening by oxidative cleavage with lead tetraacetate in methanol gave compound 17. In the next step, the aldehyde was protected as a dimethyl acetal, and the ester was reduced to give primary alcohol 18. The hydroxyl group was converted in a Grieco elimination to the selenide (19), which on oxidation with hydrogen peroxide gave alkene 20. Ozonolysis with ozone and triphenylphosphine provided aldehyde 21.
AB ring synthesis
For this synthesis (Scheme 3) the morpholine enamine of ethyl isopropyl ketone was reacted with acryloyl chloride in a combined nucleophilic conjugate addition and nucleophilic acyl substitution to give after hydrolysis diketone 25. Reaction with hydrazine in triethylamine and ethanol afforded hydrazone 26. After an unusual hydrazone iodination that also involved iodination alpha to a carbonyl group and elimination of HI, fully conjugated vinyl iodide 28 was produced in an unexpected dehydrogenation. The ketone was converted into cyanohydrin 29 with trimethylsilyl cyanide, potassium cyanide and a crown ether.
As shown in Scheme 4, the bottom part of the taxol B ring synthesis involved the reaction of ring C aldehyde group of 21. The ketone group was deprotected by action of tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride, and the double bond was epoxidized with meta-chloroperoxybenzoic acid to epoxide 32. This epoxide was then hydrogenated with hydrogen over palladium on carbon to give diol 33, which was protected in the next step as the cyclic carbonate ester (34).
L-Selectride reduction of enone 34 gave ketone 35. The ketone was converted into vinyl triflate 36 using phenyl triflimide and potassium hexamethyldisilazide in tetrahydrofuran at −78 °C. This vinyl triflate was one of the functional groups required for the Heck reaction. For the generation of the other reactive group the acetal group was removed to give aldehyde 37 which was subsequently converted to the terminal alkene 38 in a Wittig reaction involving methylenetriphenylphosphorane. The intramolecular Heck reaction involved tetrakis(triphenylphosphine)palladium(0) and potassium carbonate in acetonitrile at reflux to give diene 39 and to complete the formation of the B ring.
B ring elaboration
The second part of the B ring synthesis (Scheme 5) was concerned with correct chemistry for the newly formed ethylene bridge connecting the A and C rings. After Scheme 4, this bridge contained an exocyclic methylene group, but in the ultimate taxol molecule this bridge is an α-acylketone. The required conversion was accomplished in the next 10 steps.
The tert-butylsilyl protecting group in diene 39 was not compatible in later reactions and was replaced by a triethylsilyl. Epoxidation of diene 40 with meta-chloroperoxybenzoic acid gave the oxirane ring. This served solely as a protecting group in preparation for modifications of the exocyclic alkene. In the next two steps, the benzyl protecting group in compound 41 was replaced by an acetyl group. Carbonate ester 43 was opened by reaction with phenyllithium to give alcohol 44. The cleavage of the exocyclic double bond was difficult and accomplished only with forcing conditions (19 equivalents of osmium tetroxide, 105 °C, 24 hours) by the putative osmate ester (45). Subsequent oxidative cleavage with lead tetraacetate gave ketone 46. The epoxide protecting group was removed with samarium (II) iodide to give α-ß-unsaturated ketone 47. The enolate was formed by the reaction of ketone 47 with potassium tert-butoxide, and subsequent reaction with phenylseleninic anhydride followed by acylation gave α-acylketone 49.
Tail addition
The tail addition step in this synthesis (Scheme 6) was identical to that in the Nicolaou tail addition and was based on Oijma chemistry. The ring was functionalized with a hydroxyl group through pyridinium chlorochromate oxidation of α-acylketone 49 to form ketone 50. Subsequent reduction using sodium borohydride produced alcohol 51 . Reaction of this alcohol with the Ojima lactam 52 and a concluding silyl deprotection step at two triethyl silyl positions in compound 53 gave Taxol.
Protecting groups
Ac (acetate)
Protection: acetic anhydride, 4-(dimethylamino)pyridine and pyridine.
Deprotection: sodium ethoxide, ethanol
The hydroxyl group in alcohol 3 (Scheme 1) was protected as an acetate during the subsequent alkene rearrangement. The acetate was removed by a tert-butyldimethylsilyl protecting group (ketone 6).
Acetonide
Protection: ethylene glycol, naphthalenesulfonic acid
Deprotection: P-toluenesulfonic acid, acetone, and water.
Ketone 3 (Scheme 1) was protected using an acetonide group, which was removed after the closure of ring D (ketone 14, Scheme 2).
Bn (benzyl)
Protection: benzyl chloride, pyridine
Deprotection: acetic anhydride, 4-(dimethylamino)pyridine, and pyridine
The hydroxyl group in ketal 12 (Scheme 2) was protected as a benzyl ether, which was replaced much later in the synthesis (alcohol 42, Scheme 5)
Carbonate ester (cyclic)
Protection: carbonyl diimidazole, sodium hydride, dimethylformamide
Deprotection: phenyllithium
Diol 33 was protected as a cyclic carbonate ester (Scheme 4). Treatment of the carbonate ester with phenyllithium deprotected one hydroxyl group and left a benzoyl group needed for Taxol on the other oxygen (alcohol 44, Scheme 5).
Dimethyl acetal
Protection: methanol, collidine p-toluenesulfonate
Deprotection: pyridinium tosylate
The carbonyl group in aldehyde 17 of Scheme 2 was protected as the dimethyl acetal in order to allow the addition of the A ring to the C ring (Scheme 4). The aldehyde is later deprotected using pyridinium tosylate later on in Scheme 4.
Epoxide
Protection: meta-chloroperoxybenzoic acid
Deprotection: samarium(II) iodide, acetic anhydride, tetrahydrofuran
One of the double-bonds of diene 39 (Scheme 5) was protected as an epoxide in preparation for modifications of the other alkene. The epoxide was present for 4 steps before being removed with samarium(II) oxide.
TBS (tert-butyldimethylsilyl)
Protection: tertbutyldimethylsilyl chloride, lutidine
Deprotection: Tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride, tetrahydrofuran
The acetate protecting group required for the acetylation of enone 3 (Scheme 1) was replaced by the more robust tert-butyldimethylsilyl protecting group. This silyl group was removed much later, in order to have a more easily removed protecting group present for the final steps of the Taxol synthesis (compound 40, Scheme 5).
TES (triethylsilyl) [1]
Protection: triethylsilyl triflate, triethylamine, and dichloromethane.
Deprotection: hydrogen fluoride, pyridine, and acetonitrile
A triethylsilyl group replaced a tert-butyl silyl protecting group late in the synthesis (compound 40, Scheme 5). The TES group is later removed in the concluding silyl deprotection step that gives the final Taxol compound.
TES (triethylsilyl) [2]
Protection: See: Ojima lactam
Deprotection: hydrogen fluoride, pyridine, and acetonitrile
The TES protecting group that was present in the Ojima lactam is removed in the concluding silyl deprotection step of the Taxol total synthesis.
TMS (trimethylsilyl)
Protection: trimethylsilyl cyanide, potassium cyanide, and a crown ether
Deprotection: tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride displacement
The ketone of diene 28 (Scheme 3) was protected by the trimethylsilyl group, and was removed when the vinyl lithium 30 groups of A ring was added to the C ring aldehyde group in 21 (Scheme 4).
See also
Paclitaxel total synthesis
Holton Taxol total synthesis
Kuwajima Taxol total synthesis
Mukaiyama Taxol total synthesis
Nicolaou Taxol total synthesis
Wender Taxol total synthesis
External links
Danishefsky Taxol Synthesis @ SynArchive.com
References
Total synthesis
Amir Kisra of Baskinta was a Mardaite Muqaddam and Malik of Kisrawan, whose namesake comes from him, and later Malik of Mount Lebanon.
Life
Kisra, along with his maternal nephew Sim'an, were muqaddams of the village of Baskinta and held an autonomous jurisdiction over the Outer Kisrawan region, then known simply as "al-Hariga" (roughly translating to outer or borderlands), free from direct Crusader or Islamic control. However, Kisra still had contact with the Crusaders and often fought alongside them against Islamic forces. In one instance, he tried to hire a fellow muqaddam, Kamil of Lehfed, into his service but the latter refused pledging his fealty to the Lord of Gibelet, Hugo I Embriaco. Still seeking an alliance, Kisra tried to arrange a marriage between his son and Kamil's daughter with the marriage only taking place after Kamil got the approval of his Lord. This showed the complex political situation of the Maronites at the time with some exercising independence from any outside foreign rule while others willingly became the loyal subjects of the European newcomers.
Sim'an was summoned to Gibelet, along with the Maronite Patriarch Gregory IV of Halat and all of the Maronite bishops, and was officially appointed Malik of Kisrawan by William II Embriaco as a reward for his fighting against the Muslims for thirty years and finally defeating them at Nahr al-Kalb. Kisra later succeeded his nephew as Malik of Kisrawan and went on pilgrimage to Constantinople to pay homage to the Byzantine Emperor, John II Komnenos.
According to Gabriel ibn al-Qilai, after being received in the Byzantine court:
Legacy
The region of al-Hariga was renamed Kisrawan in honor of Kisra and the name survives to this day as the Keserwan District.
See also
Baskinta
County of Tripoli
Mardaites
Maronites
References
Lebanese Maronites
Neqab (, also Romanized as Neqāb) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 29 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
In June 2014, a run on Bulgaria's Corporate Commercial Bank (Corpbank) brought down the bank, the country's fourth largest. It was closed down by the country's central banking system, the Bulgarian National Bank, and had ripple effects throughout Bulgaria's economy. Corpbank's depositors have estimated that the losses from the bank's insolvency could amount to 10 billion Bulgarian leva or approximately 5 billion Euro. As a result, international investors are wary of making investments in the country. Corpbank's owner, Tzvetan Vassilev, currently lives in exile in Serbia as the Serbian courts have denied his extradition. Bulgaria's authorities have charged him with embezzlement, but he claims the charges are politically motivated.
People
Tzvetan Vassilev
In 2013 Forbes named Tzvetan Vassilev the "most influential Bulgarian." Vassilev owned 100% of the shares of a finance house called Bromak EOOD. Until the government takeover of Corpbank, he was the majority shareholder of Corpbank. The bank controlled other companies which employed over 16,000 people. In 2014 this whole story turned into a nightmare for thousands depositors following a bank run in 2014, which many believe was artificially induced. Notably, political analyst Ilian Vassilev has stated that Corporate Commercial Bank is "the victim of an assault" by Bulgaria's Prosecutor's Office and medial mogul and politician Delyan Peevski." Financier Vladimir Karolev argues the insolvency of Corporate Commercial Bank was artificial and deliberate.
Following the bank run in June 2014, Corpbank requested special supervision by the Bulgarian National Bank. The bank neither received a liquidity injection by the government unlike First Investment Bank which faced a run in the same period. The shareholders were not allowed to bail it out either. Its license was subsequently withdrawn by the Bulgarian National Bank in November 2014. However, neither the shareholders nor the depositors were allowed to appeal the decision. As a result, there is pending litigation before the European Court of Human Rights.
Delyan Peevski
Until 2014, Vassilev and Delyan Peevski, the owner of a vast network of media entities, were friends. Corpbank financed some of his business activities. Peevski's business expansion, which was funded by Corpbank, made it so that he controlled around 85% of Bulgarian media.
At some point, the two men had falling out. Vassilev told Peevski that he would discontinue funding Peevski's business expansion. The relationship became so sour that at one point, each man claimed that the other was trying to murder him.
Peevski retaliated by using his media outlets to spread rumors that Corpbank was financially unstable. Corpbank's depositors argue that these reports as well as the collaboration between Peevski and the prosecution have triggered the run on Corpbank (see section: Bank run) that ultimately led to its downfall. We, the Citizens, an NGO which represents thousands of depositors at Corpbank, has submitted an application against Peevski under the US Magnitsky Act while other depositors are currently litigating against him in New York under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act.
Moreover, after the bank run in the third week of June 2014, the administration of the bank asked for conservatorship from the Bulgarian National Bank. The Bulgarian National Bank withdrew the bank's license on 6 November 2014 based on an obscure report, which it refused to make public: Corpbank's depositors argue the report relied on unacceptable methodology which artificially devalued its assets. Meanwhile, Peevski and his fellow party members from DPS introduced а Bill to Parliament modifying the Law on Banking Insolvency retroactively: critics argue the amendments are meant to help Peevski deviate key assets of Corpbank, such as Dunarit and Petrol.
Peevski grew up with connections; his mother, according to The New York Times, used to head the national lottery empire and is the ultimate leader over Peevski's growing media empire. She has strong connections, both economic and political.
Peevski is both a politician and a businessman. He has long been associated with the political party "Movement for Rights and Freedoms" (DPS in Bulgarian). Among the locals, the party is known as the "Turkish party" because it promotes the rights of Bulgaria's Turkish minority.
According to Forbes, "Peevski ... is associated with shady dealings going back years: he was briefly investigated for corruption in 2007 but the case was dropped. Because of the scale of his business interests (including those in his mother's name), he effectively controls large parts of the Bulgarian economy."
In 2013, Bulgarian voters elected Peevski as a Member of Parliament. The Oresharski Government then appointed him as head of the State Security Agency, but removed him from the position after street protests and demands for the government's resignation. Nonetheless, accusations that the government was supporting Bulgarian oligarchs and mobsters continued.
"Delyan Peevski is simply one of the main tools that the Bulgarian political mafia uses to blackmail Bulgarian business—the visible part of a rather large iceberg of corruption. The political mafia is persistently trying to downgrade what happened to Corpbank to a personal conflict between Mr. Peevski and me, which is utterly untrue. I had a conflict with the political mafia ruling the country, which has been blackmailing and threatening me for many years." - Tzvetan Vassilev, Forbes interview (10/5/15)
Extortion attempt
In April 2014, associates of the mafia-ruled DPS, one of the most powerful political parties in Bulgaria, asked Vassilev to give them bank assets for free.
"I was told that Corpbank would be taken down if I did not satisfy their ‘request'," Vassilev said. "I refused…..but I now know that Corpbank's destruction was planned months before the bank run. The goal was to acquire Corpbank's most attractive assets at a low price and to eliminate me as an influencer in the socio-economic life of the country."
Bank run
The bank run started when the prosecution entered the offices of the bank as a result of a fake accusation accompanied by a black PR campaign in the media of Peevski.
Following the bank run, Corpbank was closed for nearly six months. During that time, depositors were unable to pull their money out. Bulgaria's deposit insurance fund was not large enough to compensate insured depositors, so Bulgaria needed to raise additional funds. To complicate matters further, the country was without a government from July to October 2014. Therefore, paying the depositors was an impossible task. Reopening the bank was not an option either, since that would simply restart the run. Therefore, the BNB kept the bank "on ice". Subsequently, the Court of Justice of the European Union established that Bulgaria breached the Directive on deposit guarantee schemes.
Shutdown of Corpbank
In July 2014, the central bank said it was removing Corpbank's banking license and would move the bank's healthy divisions into a separate bank. These events marked the first banking collapse since Bulgaria's 1996-1997 domestic financial crisis.
According to Forbes, "The central bank denied Corpbank liquidity support, forcing it to close its doors. Corpbank's management asked the central bank to put Corpbank into "special supervision", a procedure under which the central bank temporarily takes over a troubled bank in order to put it back on track."
Special treatment of another bank
Shortly after Corpbank's failure, another bank run happened to a bank called FIBank. The central bank's response to FIBank's bank run was much different than its response to Corpbank's. The central bank gave FIBank plenty of liquidity to protect FIBank's financial stability, even though it had already allowed the bank to fail. According to Vassilev, this double standard was due to "the will of the political mafia".
The government ultimately brought down Corpbank to remove Vassilev; it protected FIBank to serve political ends.
No nationalization
The Bulgarian central bank (BNB) accused Corpbank of extensive fraud. Because of this apparent fraud, BNB said that nationalizing Corpbank was not an option. BNB described the extent of the bank's fraud as "a bottomless barrel".
The Deposit Insurance Fund of Bulgaria guaranteed all deposits up to 100,000 euros.
Blame
Media reports say that BNB was aware that it failed to adequately supervise the bank. But more specifically, BNB places blame on one of its officials, the Deputy Head of Banking Supervision. Everyone else on the BNB board was exonerated. "This does not bode well for the future of bank supervision in Bulgaria," Forbes wrote.
BNB also made a specific accusation of fraud against Vassilev in relation to the withdrawing of funds in advance of Corpbank's failure. According to BNB, "Specifically - according to conservators - on June 19 this year, the day before the Corporate Commercial Bank was to be placed in special measures, a third party downloaded and delivered against receipt to the majority owner of Corporate Commercial Bank 205 887 223 BGN equivalent in cash, mostly Euro." Subsequently, the Bulgarian court established that Vassilev's signature on the receipt was forged.
Attempted rescue plans
Breach of EU rules
Bulgaria was in "triple breach of EU law regarding treatment of its depositors":
Bulgaria wrongfully transposed the EU Directive on the Deposit Guarantee Schemes.
It did not perform its obligation, as required by the directive, to repay the eligible deposits within 20 days following the bank's failure.
The Deposit Insurance Fund, which is supposed to insure all guaranteed deposits in the Bulgarian banking system, was mismanaged. Furthermore, the fund only held 1 billion euros, an insufficient amount of money to repay the guaranteed deposits "even in one troubled bank."
In October 2014, following complaints from depositors, the European Commission and European Banking Authority demanded that Bulgaria compensate insured depositors. Bulgaria refused, claiming that under Bulgarian law the bank had to be "declared insolvent" before deposit insurance could be paid. Insolvency could only be declared after a full audit, which would take four months to do. In December 2014, the depositors eventually got their funds.
Attempted rescue by owners
The shareholders attempted to put a rescue plan together for the bank, but it wasn't accepted. According to Vassilev, the circumstances surrounding the revocation of the bank's license were suspicious. He and other shareholders, including the Omani Sovereign Wealth Fund (the second-largest shareholder) put forward a rescue plan for the bank. But the parliament dismissed their proposal "out of hand."
"Even though we made a solid proposal to the Bulgarian state, we were turned away in the most humiliating manner by the central bank and by the ruling government," Vassilev said. "We were simply told that our proposal was "unserious" without any clarification on the reasons why they deemed so and without a proper meeting to discuss it."
After Corpbank's license was revoked, the bank was forced into insolvency.
The Omani Sovereign Wealth Fund sued the Bulgarian government in the International Court for Settlement of Investment Disputes, based in Washington, D.C., for rejecting the rescue plan. Omani Sovereign Wealth Fund alleged that the rejection breached key principles regarding equal treatment and protection of investors.
Embezzlement charges
As of October 2015, Vassilev was accused of embezzlement, although at that time no charges were officially filed. The BNB claimed that he ran a pyramid scheme.
The Bulgarian's office fabricated the accusation, Vassilev said, in order to arrest him and use it as an action to block his and his family's assets.
Initially, the central bank's governor accused Vassilev of taking 200 million leva in plastic bags from Corpbank's headquarters during the week of the bank run. Vassilev said he had been traveling abroad that week. He also said, "200 million takes a lot of space and cannot go unnoticed if you carry it on your back in the middle of Sofia." The Bulgarian Prosecutor General modified the charging documents, changing the timeframe of the alleged embezzlement from the week of the bank run to the span of several years.
Additionally, the accusation was based on the statements of only two witnesses. "It was already proven in court that one of the witnesses had forged my signature on documents she presented as proof of the alleged crime," Vassilev said. "And some of the senior staff of Corpbank were pressured to testify against me by the prosecution service through the use of threats."
References
External links
"A response from Tzvetan Vassilev." The Economist. 25 March 2014.
Law of Bulgaria
Economy of Bulgaria
Corruption in Bulgaria
Once More, with Feeling is the soundtrack album for the Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode of the same name. The album features the original series cast performing the songs from the episode, as well as additional music from other popular episodes by regular composer Christophe Beck, including suites from season four episodes "Hush" and "Restless", as well as a score piece from season five episode "The Gift". Also included is a demo track of "Something to Sing About" performed by series creator and album songwriter Joss Whedon and his then-wife Kai Cole. The art for the album, which is also used as cover for related items, such as the script book, the Region 2 DVD and the poster, is by popular comic book artist Adam Hughes. The booklet includes liner notes by Whedon, the lyrics for the numbers, and various pictures from the episode.
Critical reception
AllMusic gave the album five out of five stars, stating that the music is "every bit as fun as the episode itself", praising the voices of Benson, Marsters and Head. Reviewer Melinda Hill called it "a must-have for Buffy fans, but it wouldn't be out of place in anyone's collection". Sputnikmusic states: "All in all, this is by far the greatest TV musical of all time," and "it's a shining example of what any TV musical should hope to accomplish."
Commercial performance
The album achieved moderate success in the United States, where it reached 49 on the US Billboard 200. The album also charted at number 97 in Australia. Although not charting in the United Kingdom, the album was eventually awarded a Gols certification in 2022 for sales of over 100,000 copies.
Track listing
Vocal performers are in brackets and are listed as their character name. Tracks with no performer are score pieces by Christophe Beck.
Personnel
Production:
Executive producer: Christopher Buchanan
Coordinator: Marni Feenberg
Produced by Christophe Beck, Jesse Tobias and Joss Whedon
Arranged by Christophe Beck and Jesse Tobias
Associate music director: Douglas Stevens
Supervising music editor: Fernand Bos
Music editor: Tim Isle
All music and lyrics: Joss Whedon
Track 9 composed by Christophe Beck
Track 19 composed by Nerf Herder
Tracks 20, 21 and 22 composed and produced by Christophe Beck
Recorded by Casey Stone and Andrew Alekel
Mixed by Casey Stone and Matt Wallace
Mastered by Jonathan Wyner
Mastering Facility: M Works, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Orchestrations by Christophe Beck and Kevin Kleisch
Orchestra contractor: Shari Sutcliffe
Vocal contractor: Sally Stevens
Musicians:
Timothy Anderson – background vocals
Hinton Battle – vocals (tracks 10, 13, 15)
Amber Benson – vocals (tracks 2, 4, 12, 13, 16, 17)
Nicholas Brendon – vocals (tracks 2, 5, 13, 16, 17)
Kai Cole – vocals (track 23)
Emma Caulfield – vocals (tracks 2, 5, 13, 16, 17)
Laura Engel – backing vocals
Alex Estronei – background vocals
Josh Freese – drums, guitars
David Fury – vocals (track 3)
Sarah Michelle Gellar – vocals (tracks 1, 2, 13, 14, 16, 17)
Alyson Hannigan – vocals (tracks 2, 13, 17)
Angie Hart – background vocals (track 4)
Anthony Head – vocals (tracks 2, 11 to 13, 16, 17)
Steven McDonald – bass, guitars
Michelle Trachtenberg – vocals (tracks 8, 16, 17)
James Marsters – vocals (tracks 7, 13, 14, 16, 17), guitar (track 7)
Christian Vincent – background vocals
Daniel Weaver – background vocals
Joss Whedon – piano, vocals (track 23)
Zachary Woodley – background vocals
Scott Zeller – background vocals
Album personnel:
Executive in charge of music for Twentieth Century Fox: Robert Kraft
Music supervisor for Twentieth Century Fox: Geoff Bywater and Jacquie Perryman
Music production supervised by Carol Farhart
Fox Music business affairs: Tom Cavanaugh
Public relations: Jeffrey Taylor Light
Album artwork:
Illustrations by Adam Hughes
Photographs by Mitchell Haasath and Richard Cartwright
Design by Steven Jurgensmeyer
Charts
Certifications
References
2002 soundtrack albums
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
The 30th United States Colored Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The regiment was composed of African American enlisted men commanded by white officers and was authorized by the Bureau of Colored Troops which was created by the United States War Department on May 22, 1863.
Service
The 30th U.S. Colored Infantry was organized at Camp Stanton in Benedict, Maryland beginning February 12, 1864 for three-year service under the command of Colonel Delevan Bates.
The regiment was attached to 1st Brigade, 4th Division, IX Corps, Army of the Potomac, to September 1864. 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, IX Corps, to December 1864. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, XXV Corps, December 1864. 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, XXV Corps, to March 1865. 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, X Corps, Department of North Carolina, to July 1865. Department of North Carolina to December 1865.
The 30th U.S. Colored Infantry mustered out of service December 10, 1865.
Detailed service
Campaign from the Rapidan to the James River, Va., May-June 1864. Guarded supply trains of the Army of the Potomac through the Wilderness and to Petersburg. Before Petersburg June 15-18. Siege operations against Petersburg and Richmond June 16 to December 7, 1864. Mine Explosion, Petersburg, July 30. Weldon Railroad August 18-21. Poplar Grove Church September 29-October 1. Boydton Plank Road, Hatcher's Run, October 27-28. 1st Expedition to Fort Fisher, N.C., December 7-27. 2nd Expedition to Fort Fisher, N.C., January 7-15, 1865. Bombardment of Fort Fisher January 13-15. Assault and capture of Fort Fisher January 15. Sugar Loaf Hill January 19. Federal Point February 11. Fort Anderson February 18-20. Capture of Wilmington February 22. Northeast Ferry February 22. Carolinas Campaign March 1-April 26. Advance on Kinston and Goldsboro March 6-21. Action at Cox's Bridge March 23-24. Advance on Raleigh April 9-14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. Duty at various points in North Carolina until December.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 225 men during service; 3 officers and 48 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 2 officers and 177 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Delevan Bates
Notable members
Colonel Delevan Bates - Medal of Honor recipient for action at the Battle of the Crater
See also
List of United States Colored Troops Civil War Units
United States Colored Troops
References
Bowley, Freeman S. A Boy Lieutenant (Philadelphia: Henry Altemus Co.), 1906 [Reprinted as Honor in Command: Lt. Freeman S. Bowley's Civil War Service in the 30th United States Colored Infantry (Gainesville, FL: University Press of Florida), 2006. ]
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Tyler, Charles M. Memorials of Lieut. George H. Walcott, Late of the 30th U.S. Colored Troops (Boston: Massachusetts Sabbath-School Society), 1865.
Attribution
United States Colored Troops Civil War units and formations
Military units and formations established in 1864
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Pedro Penedo (born 16 May 1977), better known as Pedro Cazanova, is a Portuguese house music disc jockey and record producer.
Born in Lisbon, Pedro Cazanova achieved mainstream success with his #1 single "Selfish Love" in 2009 and #9 single "My First Luv" in 2010 in Portugal.
He founded the label Symphonik Records in 2013. In 2014 he released his first album "Pedro Cazanova", containing the single "Loose Control".
See also
Anthony Preston (record producer)
References
External links
Biography on the home page of MTV Portugal
Official Site of Pedro Cazanova
DJ Rankinglist Portugal
iTunes Pedro Cazanova
1977 births
Club DJs
Living people
Musicians from Lisbon
Leroy is an unincorporated community in Winfield Township, Lake County, Indiana. The town was founded on December 11, 1875, by Thomas McClann. The town sign at the intersection of U.S. 231 and Elkhart Street describes Leroy as "One of Lake County's First Irish Settlements". The town contains the Living Testimony Church, which was founded in 1888 and still holds services to this day.
Geography
Leroy is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
populated places established in 1875
1875 establishments in Indiana
Wittman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Baldy Wittman (born c. 1871), professional football player for the Massillon Tigers
Brian Wittman, American musical instrument maker, inventor of the xaphoon
Carl Wittman (1943–1986), member of the national council of Students for a Democratic Society and activist for LGBT rights
Chris Wittman (born 1965), former Australian rules footballer
Don Wittman (1936–2008), Canadian sportscaster
Georg Michael Wittman (1760–1833), German Catholic bishop-elect
George Wittman (1857–1950), San Francisco Police chief of police
Greg Wittman (born 1947), American professional basketball player
Karl F. Wittman (1892-1981), American evangelist and composer
Patrizius Wittman (1818–1883), Catholic journalist
Randy Wittman (born 1959), American professional basketball player and coach
Robert J. "Rob" Wittman (born 1959), U.S. Representative for Virginia's 1st congressional district
Robert K. "Bob" Wittman (born 1955), FBI special agent, art-crime investigator
Ryan Wittman (born 1987), American basketball player for the Fort Wayne Mad Ants
Scott Wittman (born 1955), American director, lyricist, and writer
Stan Wittman (1901–1994), Australian rules footballer for Melbourne
Steve Wittman (1904–1995), American aviator and airplane designer
Tim Wittman (born 1963), American soccer player, currently assistant coach with the Johns Hopkins University women's soccer team
Trevor Wittman (born 1974), American boxing and MMA trainer
Walter Wittman, American newspaper editor and politician
See also
Wittman, Maryland, an unincorporated community in Maryland, United States
Wittmann
Whitman (disambiguation)
Scutellaria elliptica, commonly called hairy skullcap, is a species of flowering plant in the mint family (Lamiaceae). It is a perennial forb found in the southeastern and mid-eastern states of the United States. It has blue flowers.
Distribution
Sctellaria elliptica is found in several of the United States ranging from Texas on the west to New York on the east and Michigan on the north to Florida on the south. Its global conservation status is secure according to Natureserve.
References
elliptica
Endemic flora of the United States
Tablas Economic Zone is a special economic zone located in Tablas Island of Romblon, Philippines. It was established in 2015 and being managed by Tablas Economic Zone Inc. (TEZI) under the umbrella of the Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) and the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI).
Agricultural resources include pili nuts, rice, guyabano, coconuts and cashews. It also has aquatic resources like fish, lobsters and seaweeds and mineral deposits of marble.
References
Buildings and structures in Romblon
Special economic zones
Industrial parks in the Philippines
Omia may refer to:
Omia (moth), a genus of moth
Omia District, Peru
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Animals, an online database of animal phenotypes
Omia, a minor Enochian angel
Chaleh Murt (, also Romanized as Chāleh Mūrt) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
For Thai television soap operas, Thara Himalaya (; ) is a 2010 Thai lakorn 1 in a 4 drama series. It is called 4 Huajai Haeng Koon Kao () or 4 Hearts of the Mountains which aired on Channel 3. It starred Atichart Chumnanon and Kimberly Ann Voltemas. 4 Huajai Haeng Koon Kao was a special lakorn as it celebrated Channel 3's 40th Anniversary.
Synopsis
The story started when Thiptara or Nam (Kimberly Ann Voltemas) the youngest of the 4 quadruplets of the Adisuan family, met and fell in love with Puwanes (Atichart Chumnanon) the crown prince of the country called Parawat, who Nam believes is a simple worker on his brother Fai's (Nadech Kugimiya) farm.
When Prince Puwanes visits Thailand, he is victim to an assassination attempt organised by the Prime Minister Shadul (Noppon Gomarachun). He is badly injured and gets sent to the hospital where Nam is his attending doctor. During his recovery, Puwanes has to pretend that he lost his memory in order to protect his identity and safety. Nam nicknames him 'Pupen' meaning crab, since he apparently cannot remember his real identity.
Cast
Main cast
Atichart Chumnanon (Aum) as Prince Puwanes Vasuthep Srivasatava Rajaput/Pupen
Kimberly Ann Voltemas (Kim) as Thiptara "Nam" Adisuan
Nadech Kugimiya (Barry) as Akkanee "Fai" Adisuan
Prin Suparat (Mark) as Pathapee "Din" Adisuan
Pakorn Chatborirak (Boy) as Wayupak "Lom" Adisuan
Supporting Cast
Soravit Suboon (Kong) as Dr. Nat
Maneerat Kumoun (Ae) as Preeyanuch "Pam"
Mavin Taveepol as Rajeev
Adisorn Athakrit (Tao) as Varun
Noppon Gomarachun (Too) as Prime Minister Shadul
Kriengkrai Oonhanun as King Vasuthep
Thitima Sanghapitak (Mam) as Queen
Thongkao Pattarachokchai
Santisuk Promsiri as Montree Adisuan
Jintara Sukapat as Supansa Adisuan
Special appearances
Urassaya Sperbund as Jeed
Awards
External links
Thai television soap operas
2010s Thai television series
2010 Thai television series debuts
2010 Thai television series endings
Channel 3 (Thailand) original programming
The national flag of Angola came into use when Angola gained independence on November 11, 1975. It is split horizontally into an upper red half and a lower black half with an emblem resting at the center. It features a yellow half gear wheel crossed by a machete and crowned with a star.
History
The flag was designed by Henrique Onambwé. The process of cutting and sewing the first version of the flag was done by Joaquina, Ruth Lara and Cici Cabral on November 11, 1975.
The Angolan flag is based on the flag of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA), which fought Portuguese colonial rule and emerged as the ruling party of Angola following the Angolan Civil War. The MPLA flag is similar to the flag of Angola but features a star in place of the central emblem.
Description
The National Flag of the Republic of Angola has two horizontal bands of red and black with the Machete and Gear Emblem in gold in the center consisted of a five pointed-star within a half gear wheel crossed by a machete (resembling the hammer and sickle used on the Soviet flag). As outlined in the Constitution of Angola, the red half of the flag signifies bloodshed – during Angola's colonial period, independence struggle, and in defense of the country. The black half symbolizes Africa. In the central emblem, the gear represents industrial workers and production, the machete represents peasantry, agricultural production and the armed struggle, and the star, shaped like the red star, symbolizes international solidarity and progress. The yellow color of the emblem symbolizes the country's wealth. The Constitution of 1975 described the red stripe as symbolizing bloodshed during the colonial period, national liberation and a revolution – and reference to revolution was replaced with "defense of the country" in the constitution of 1992. In other changes of wording between the 1975 and 1992 versions, the star was changed from a symbol of "internationalism" to "international solidarity," and references to "working class" and "peasant class" were replaced with "workers" and "peasants".
Colors
2003 proposal
In 2003, a new, more "optimistic" flag was proposed by the Parliament's Constitutional Commission of the National Assembly (Angolan Parliament), but it was not adopted. The sun design in the middle is meant to be reminiscent of cave paintings found in Tchitundo-Hulu cave. The flag maintained the same flag proportions of 2:3.
Gallery
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20040622113124/http://www.angola.org/referenc/proposed_flag.html
Angola
National symbols of Angola
Angola
Angola
1975 establishments in Angola
Vanessa Zachos (born 3 May) is a South African born film and television actress. She has appeared on American television as well as in international feature films opposite leading actors, including Ron Howard's BAFTA nominated Rush.
Zachos was cast in a principal role opposite Chris Hemsworth in Ron Howards BAFTA nominated film Rush where she worked alongside Chris Hemsworth and Daniel Brühl. She appeared in her first guest star role on American television in an episode of J. J. Abrams award-winning TV series Fringe directed by P. J. Pesce for FOX Broadcasting Company. She portrays Anita Halina Janowska in the documentary film Rebel of the Keys and made her first European television appearance in Der Andere on The Austrian Broadcasting Corporation (ORF).
References
External links
Living people
21st-century South African actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Oxigen Services is an Indian fintech company. It is involved in micropayment of services and remittances in real time.
In June 2016, the company reported that the transaction volume rate increased to 600 million transactions per year with a customer base of more than 150 million.
History
The company was started in 2004 by an alumnus of IIT Roorkee with a seed capital of ₹4 crores.
In 2006, Oxigen Services received $11.5 million from Citi Venture Capital, USA and then $35 million from Microsoft in 2008.
The firm launched India's first non-banked mobile wallet, approved by RBI in 2013 for instant money transfers to any bank. These money transfers are available real-time in association with National Payments Corporation of India using IMPS.
In 2014, the company was estimated at $150 million (₹921 crores).
In 2016, Oxigen became a part of the Bharat Bill Payment System to connect users with the central bill payments and settlement system of National Payments Corporation of India.
The firm set up ‘Super PoS - Micro ATM' (point of sale) terminals to meet the requirements of merchants. This Super PoS works as Micro ATM - Cash-In and Cash-Out, biometric scanner for Aadhaar transactions, Jan Dhan account servicing, merchant payments and eKYC.
Services
Money transfer
Recharge
Bill Payments
Kiosk Banking (SBI Customer Service Point - no frills account) (RBL Kiosk Banking & Money Transfer Agent)
Aadhaar and eKYC
Ticket Booking (Railways/Airlines/Bus/Movie)
Super PoS/Micro ATM
Virtual Visa
Mobile Wallet
Oxigen Wallet
Oxigen Wallet, powered by Oxigen Services Pvt. Ltd. is India's first non-bank wallet, approved by Reserve Bank of India allowing customers to send and receive money through popular social networking platforms.
As per a report published in April 2016 by VCCircle, the app claims to have 20 million users, is accepted at around 9,000 merchant locations and 10,000 online sites.
The services include money transfer, mobile & DTHTV payments, utility bill payments, gift cards, travel, movie ticket booking and Virtual Visa. Oxigen is the first online wallet allowing consumers to load cash in their mobile wallet. It enables individuals to transfer money, even if they don't have a bank account.
Oxigen enables payments in different systems with various brand tie-ups.
Accessibility
Oxigen Wallet is available on the iOS App Store and Google Play Store.
Awards and recognition
Best Prepaid Payment Instrument for 2014 by National Payments Corporation of India Excellence Awards
Access to Banking & Financial Services – Use of Technology 2015 by Skoch Group
Money Transfer Programme Award 2015 by Internet and Mobile Association of India
Projects
Aarambh Ventures is Oxigen's accelerator programme which helps startups to grow and innovate. Kalaage which was the first startup at Aarambh Ventures and it recently got funded.
Sponsorship
The firm appointed cricketer Sachin Tendulkar as its brand ambassador. Oxigen sponsors the Twenty20 squads of South Africa national cricket team and New Zealand national cricket team along with Indian Premier League's Gujarat Lions franchisee.
References
Financial services companies established in 2004
Companies based in Gurgaon
Payment service providers
Online companies of India
Online payments
Indian companies established in 2004
Mobile payments in India
2004 establishments in Haryana
Bladon or Bladon Micro Turbine formerly was called Bladon Jets is a pioneer in the design, development and manufacture of Micro Turbine Gensets (MTGs) - using high-speed, ultra reliable and clean-burning microturbines. This British company designs the microturbine to provide electric power up to 12 kW. Bladon is a British company and was also involved in the development of Automotive Range Extenders in a special project with Jaguar Land Rover.
Bladon is now focused on designing, manufacturing and selling microturbine generator sets (MTGs) to the telecommunications market. More specifically the MTGs are designed to provide reliable power to mobile telecommunications towers especially those that are located in remote areas or are connected to unreliable electric networks.
History
In 2012 the company won a £3.1m Regional Growth Fund award to assist in its development of a research and development facility in Coventry, UK.
Jaguar Cars chose Bladon Jets to supply the turbines used in its C-X75 concept electric sports car to generate electricity to extend the range of its battery.
The company was founded by twin brothers Chris and Paul Bladon who are closely associated with the Isle of Man TT races, with the Paul Bladon Trophy awarded annually to the rider who completes the fastest lap in their class in the Post Classic event at the Manx Grand Prix. Paul Bladon died in 2008 after a long battle with cancer.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20110708013011/http://www.bladonjets.com/news/tata-ltd-to-acquire-minority-stake-in-bladon-jets/
External References
Bladon Jets
Gas turbines
Manufacturing companies of the United Kingdom
Traci Hale is an Atlanta-based American pop and R&B songwriter and vocalist. She began her career as a backup singer for R&B superstars Keith Sweat and Aaliyah before becoming a songwriter for artists including Rihanna, Blu Cantrell, Mýa and Brandy. Her best-known compositions include "Case of the Ex", as recorded by Mýa, and Rihanna's "What's My Name?", which reached number one on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Career
Traci Hale began her career as a backing singer for R&B stars Keith Sweat and Aaliyah. It was while on tour with Aaliyah in 1996 that she shared songs that she had been writing privately with fellow backing vocalist Nycolia "Tye-V" Turman, who was also a songwriter signed to Zomba Music Publishing. Turman invited Hale to write with her at an upcoming session in Los Angeles. Her first collaborations were with Rodney Jerkins and the two worked on the Dr. Dolittle (soundtrack) and Brandy's breakthrough album Never Say Never.
Traci then went on to write with Chris "Tricky" Stewart of Red Zone Entertainment and together they wrote hits including Sammie's "Crazy Things I Do", Mýa's 2000 breakthrough hit "Case of the Ex (Whatcha Gonna Do)". In 2001 Hale wrote a song for the Chris Rock film Down to Earth and songs on albums for Tyrese (RCA), Ginuwine and Usher.
In 2010 Hale co-wrote the song "What's My Name?" with Ester Dean and Stargate, which became a number-one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 for Rihanna.
References
External links
Twitter page
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Columbus Circle is a neighborhood and plaza in the downtown section of Syracuse, New York, United States. At the center of the circle is a large fountain and the Columbus Monument, designed by the Syracuse-born architect Dwight James Baum and dedicated in 1934. Columbus Circle is home to Syracuse's two cathedrals, the Episcopalian St. Paul's Cathedral and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, as well as the Onondaga County Courthouse and the John H. Mulroy Civic Center.
The circle, originally known as Library Circle and later than St. Mary's Circle, began as a chiefly residential district. Beginning in the early 20th century it slowly developed as government and commercial buildings were constructed. From 1913 to 1933 the circle played host to the cities annual tree lighting. After the Columbus Monument's dedication in 1934, it was the site of annual memorial services on Columbus Day as well as protests advocating for its removal. In October 2020 the city of Syracuse announced plans to remove the statue of Christopher Columbus and redevelop the circle into "Heritage Park", though no major changes had been to the circle made as of September 2021.
Description
The main feature in the circle is a large bronze statue of Christopher Columbus, known as the Columbus Monument. The statue is on a pedestal in the middle of a fountain that is Syracuse's largest; the monument as a whole is approximately tall.
Historic buildings
In the region around the circle are various historic buildings, several of which have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Montgomery Street–Columbus Circle Historic District. These include Syracuse's two cathedrals; the Episcopalian St. Paul's Cathedral, constructed in a Gothic Revival style in 1885, and the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, constructed in 1886. Other buildings listed include the Fourth Onondaga County Courthouse (1903-1906), the First Baptist Church and Mizpah Hotel (1912), Plymouth Congregational Church (1859), and the first Syracuse Public Library (1901-1902). The John H. Mulroy Civic Center is also around the circle.
History
Columbus Circle was initially known as Library Circle and later than St. Mary's Circle. It was also known as Courthouse Square at some time. In 1910 the circle held a grove of Eucalyptus globulus trees. A 1911 letter to the editor of The Post-Standard by Bishop Ludden suggested putting a statue of Gabrielin the center of the circle. According to a 1952 article in The Post-Standard, the paper had records indicating that the circle was officially renamed Columbus Circle in October 1932. However, the 1952 article reported that the city had found no records officially recording this change.
The circle began as a "quietly residential place with several churches within walking distance". In the early 1900s it began to develop with the construction of buildings including the Syracuse Public Library and Onondaga County Courthouse. As the century progressed further commercial and governmental buildings were built in the area surrounding the circle. From 1913 to 1933 Syracuse held an annual tree lighting during the Christmas and holiday season at the circle, at which point the lighting was moved to Clinton Square. The tree lighting began as a project headed by the Syracuse Consumers' League and was funded by groups including the cities Chamber of Commerce, Rotary Club, and the Syracuse Herald. The tree was tall and supplied by the New York State College of Forestry. The Parks department oversaw its installment, while lights were supplied by the Syracuse Lighting Company.
Columbus Circle and Monument
Torquato De Felice, a professor of fine arts at Syracuse University had suggested a monument in Syracuse to Christopher Columbus as early as 1909. De Felice and Seraphino Chiarulli have been credited with spearheading early advocacy for the statue. The following year De Felice met with Lorenzo Baldi (also spelled V. Renzo Baldi), a sculptor in Florence, Italy.
Funds for the statues construction were mainly raised by Italian Americans living in the city, through a Columbus Monument Association. Fundraising halted during World War I, but resumed shortly after its end. Fundraising efforts included boxing matches on August 11, 1933, notably between Primo Carnera and Jack Sharkey, at The Arena in Syracuse. It was attended by approximately 5,000 people but little funding actually went to the monument after expenses were paid. According to a 2014 biography of Carnera, he was in favor of the statue as an Italian American himself, and had personally worked to be involved in the match.
After $18,000 had been raised, discussions began on where to place the statue. Many Italian Americans advocated in favor of St. Mary's Circle, while others proposed Loguen Park (at the time Columbus Park), Fayette Park, and Onondaga Park. The location was set as St. Mary's Circle in March 1932. That year also saw a lawsuit by Joseph Pollia, arguing that he had been chosen to be the sculptor. It was dismissed. Dwight James Baum was hired to design the monument. Baldi formally was hired to sculpt the monument out of bronze.
With the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 it became more expensive to fund transport of the monument and stone that it would be placed on from Italy to Syracuse as the value of the US dollar decreased. In response, another round of fundraising was undertaken. The Monument Association planned to unveil and dedicate the monument on Columbus Day 1933. However, negotiations over the cost of transport ensured the statue did not arrive in time. Benito Mussolini, Italy's dictator at the time, supplied additional funds for shipping and also the sculpture's inscription "Christoforo Colombo, Discoverer of America." By October 15, 1933, the monument itself was on route from Italy to Syracuse. It was scheduled to arrive around November 6. The granite for the monument's base was shipped along the New York Barge Canal and arrived in Syracuse on November 21. The Columbus Monument was dedicated on October 12, 1934, at a ceremony attended by several thousand people. The Syracuse Herald estimated the crowd at 20,000 people, 3,000 of whom participated in a parade around the city.
Later history
President of the United States Lyndon B. Johnson visited Syracuse in August 1966; he was scheduled to travel through the circle at 4:40 pm to a fanfare with Patti Page singing, bands playing, and local leaders introducing him before giving a speech for approximately 20 minutes on water pollution. In preparation for his visit, the upper floors around the circle were to be cleared and the library closed. Johnson was seen by an estimated 100,000 people, including an estimated 20,000 to 25,000 in the circle alone. The precautions taken were described as "the tightest security in local history". In 1992 the statue was restored with state and private funds; the project cost about $550,000, of which approximately one third was paid for by descendants of Italian American immigrants in the region. The restoration included re-addition of four bronze sculptures of Native American heads to the monument that had been stolen in the late 1930s and were found in Orlando, Florida in 1986.
Annual ceremonies held on Columbus Day in the circle began with the statues dedication. Protests against the statue, often at the same time as the ceremonies, were held dating back to at least 1991. Protesters argued that the statue represented "pain and trauma to" Native Americans and said it should be taken down, while the Columbus Monument Corporation and many Italian Americans argued that the statue was an important part of Syracuse's history and monument to their heritage. John Katko, the region's member of the House of Representatives, suggested adding a statue of Hiawatha and retaining the statue of Columbus.
The mayor of Syracuse, Ben Walsh, worked with InterFaith Works, a local charity, to lead community discussions on the statue in 2018 and 2019, as well as community forums. In 2020 he established a formal advisory council, the Columbus Circle Action Group, to consider ways to modify the circle. That group put forth a number of ideas, but its report did not suggest that the statue be removed. After repeated protests against the statue, including a petition with over 12,500 signatures and the Onondaga Nation formally advocating its removal, on October 9, 2020, Walsh announced plans to remove the statue of Christopher Columbus and redevelop the circle into "Heritage Park".
Under the plan, the statue would be moved to a "private location" while the rest of the monument and fountain would remain. Walsh proposed adding an additional portion to educate on often oppressed groups. A lawsuit was filed in May 2021 aimed at halting the removal, maintaining that Walsh was acting beyond his authority in ordering it. The court began to hear the Columbus Monument Corporation's lawsuit on January 13, 2022, to a crowded courtroom. On March 11, 2022, County Supreme Court Justice Gerard Neri found that the city had no right to remove the statue. Walsh announced that the city would appeal Neri's decision.
References
Bibliography
External links
Columbus Circle - City of Syracuse
Onondaga County Courthouse
Dwight James Baum
Neighborhoods in Syracuse, New York
Parks in Syracuse, New York
Chartham railway station is in Chartham, Kent, on the Ashford to Ramsgate line. The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by Southeastern.
Facilities
The station is to the north of Chartham village and south of the A28 road which runs parallel from Ashford to Canterbury. It is unmanned, but has electronic indicator boards and a ticket machine. There are two platforms, connected by a footbridge. A manually operated level crossing is at the south end of the station, by the signal box.
History
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway (SER) in September 1850, some time after the line from Ashford to Canterbury was completed. In common with several other stations on the line, there was a level crossing as the SER did not believe the line would attract sufficient traffic for bridges.
Goods services were withdrawn from the station on 19 November 1962.
Incidents
At around 06:45 on 9 October 1894, a wagon of hop-pickers on their way to work at Horton Chapel Farm was struck by the delayed 04:15 down Ashford to goods train. Canterbury West goods train. Five hop-pickers were killed instantly, with a further two dying from their injuries later. The investigation found that the wagon driver had left the opening of the gates to children in poor visibility, and had failed to stop before crossing. The train crew whistled at least three times while approaching the crossing. The inspecting officer, Charles Scrope Hutchinson, criticised the South Eastern Railway for the excessively long rostered hours of the train crew. Ultimately, blame was assigned to the wagon driver and the SER was exonerated.
Services
All services at Chartham are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to via
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by trains to London Charing Cross via .
The station is also served by a single early morning service to London St Pancras International, operated by a EMU.
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
City of Canterbury
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1859
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1859 establishments in England
Sardar Bahadur Ahmed Khan Sehar is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013. He remained a member of the federal cabinet as Minister for Defence Production from 2011 to 2013.
Political career
Khan was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-181 (Layyah-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2002 Pakistani general election. He secured 86,247 votes and defeated Faiz Ul Hassan, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N).
Khan was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-181 (Layyah-I) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2008 Pakistani general election. He secured 58,797 votes and defeated Faiz Ul Hassan. During his second tenure as Member of the National Assembly, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made federal minister for defence production where he remained from May 2011 to June 2012. He was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf and was made federal minister for defence production where he remained from June 2012 to March 2013.
Khan ran for the seat of National Assembly from NA-181 (Layyah-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He secured 81,393 and lost the seat to Faiz Ul Hassan, a candidate of PML-N.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Thomas Enqvist was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Jonas Björkman won the tournament, beating Jan Siemerink in the final, 3–6, 7–6(7–2), 6–2, 6–4.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main draw
1997 Stockholm Open
1997 ATP Tour
Ida Sofi Emilia Flink (born 8 July 1995) is a Swedish track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw. Her personal best throw of 61.96 m is the Swedish women's record.
Career
Flink won silver at her first international competition, the 2011 World Youth Championships. In 2012, she won gold at the World Junior Championships. In July 2013, she won gold at the European Junior Championships. The next month she competed at the 2013 World Championships, her first senior international competition. She set a personal best and Swedish record of 61.96 m to advance through the qualification round then finished tenth in the final with a 59.52 m throw.
In July 2014, Flink sought to defend her title at the World Junior Championships. She ultimately finished second, losing her title to Ekaterina Starygina. In August, she competed at the 2014 European Championships, where she made it through the qualification round and finished twelfth in the final.
Flink next competed at the 2016 European Championships. She finished twenty-third in the qualification round and did not advance to the final. She participated in the 2017 European U23 Championships, where she failed to register a valid throw in the qualifiers.
Competition record
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Hallstahammar Municipality
Swedish female javelin throwers
Sportspeople from Västmanland County
A G visa is a category of official visas issued to diplomats, government officials, and international organization employees who are visiting the United States temporarily for a governmental purpose.
G visas may also be issued to immediate family members of the principal visa holder. G visas are issued by the United States Department of State.
G visas are not issued to heads of state, who are instead granted an A-1 visa.
Types
There are five visas in the G visa category:
G-1
The G-1 visa is for permanent members of a diplomatic mission from a recognized government, who are visiting a specific international organization (and for eligible family members).
G-2
The G-2 visa is for official representatives of a recognized government, who are attending meetings at a specific international organization (and for eligible family members).
G-3
The G-3 visa is for representatives of a government not officially recognized by the United States (and for eligible family members of the principal visa holder).
G-4
The G-4 visa is for persons who have been appointed to a position at an international organization in the United States, including the United Nations (and for eligible family members).
G-5
The G-5 visa is for employees or domestic workers of G-1, G-2, G-3, or G-4 visa holders who meet certain criteria.
Duration of status
An individual is generally allowed to retain G-1, G-2, G-3, or G-4 status for as long as the person is recognized by the U.S. Secretary of State.
Work authorization
G visas give work authorization to the primary holder of the visa. A family member with a G visa is eligible to apply for work authorization and only if the individual is a married spouse, an eligible domestic partner, an unmarried child under age 21, an unmarried child under age 23 who is a full-time student at a college or university, or an unmarried child of any age who is physically disabled or mentally disabled.
Notes
References
See also
NATO-1 visa
Travel visa
Visa policy of the United States
Visa policy of the United States
United States Department of State
Tonda Hughes is an American professor of Nursing (in Psychiatry) and Associate Dean for Global Health Research at the School of Nursing at Columbia University. She is best known for her research of factors influencing the health of sexual minority women (lesbian and bisexual), particularly in the area of substance use. Hughes is the Principal Investigator of the Chicago Health and Life Experiences of Women Study, the longest running longitudinal study of sexual minority women's health, with a focus on alcohol use and mental health.
Hughes is a Visiting Professor at Oxford Brookes University, and Honorary Professor at both Deakin University and University of Technology Sydney Faculty of Nursing and Midwifery. Prior to joining Columbia University in 2017, Hughes was a Collegiate Professor and Associate Dean for Global Health at the University of Illinois-Chicago College of Nursing. She was a Visiting Professor at the University of Melbourne from 2009-2014. In 2003, Hughes was inducted into the Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame.
In 2001, Hughes was named as a fellow of the American Academy of Nursing. In 2014, she received the Betty Ford Award from the Association of Medical Education and Research in Substance Abuse and in 2015 was inducted into the Sigma Theta Tau International Nurse Researcher Hall of Fame. In 2017, Hughes received the Global Alliance for Behavioral Health and Social Justice Recognition Award.
She is a member of the University of Kentucky Hall of Fame. In 2017, she received the Achievement Award from the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association.
Personal life
Hughes was raised in rural southeastern Kentucky. Her father, a coal miner, and her mother did not attend college. Hughes is openly lesbian. She came out while studying for a masters degree at the University of Kentucky.
References
American nurses
American women nurses
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Columbia University faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Nursing
American women academics
Lesbian academics
LGBT people from Kentucky
21st-century American women
Jordy van de Corput (born 15 April 1989 in Rotterdam) is a retired Dutch footballer who played in the position of goalkeeper.
Club career
Visiting Launceston for four days in November 2016, Van de Corput featured for City in a preseason friendly hosting Total Futbol International and agreed to a deal for the 2014 Victory League. Tipped to be one of the best in the league and making what was seen as an innumerable amount of saves in a friendly away to Glenorchy Knights, the Dutch goal minder picked up a suspension in the third round, a 3–7 rout by Devonport, missing the next game with Nick Abougelis taking his place.
From 2017 to 2018, he played with Pakruojis in the Lithuanian I Lyga.
References
External links
Lietuvos Futbolas Profile
SportsTG Profile
at Soccerway
1989 births
Living people
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Launceston City FC players
Dutch footballers
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Association football goalkeepers
ASWH players
FC Dordrecht players
FC Den Bosch players
FC Džiugas players
Footballers from Rotterdam
FC Utrecht players
FC Pakruojis players
Twin Falls County is a county in the south central part of the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 90,046, making it the fifth-most populous county in Idaho. The county seat and largest city is Twin Falls. Twin Falls County is part of the Twin Falls, ID Twin Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Prior to the 1860s, the Twin Falls County area was an unorganized part of Shoshone lands, then as part of the Oregon Country. The area was first organized as part of the original Owyhee County in 1864 as part of Idaho Territory. In 1879 it was partitioned away from Owyhee County to form part of Cassia County. The county is named for a split waterfall on the Snake River of the same name. The Snake River is the county's northern boundary.
Even after Idaho became a state in 1890, the Twin Falls area was very sparsely populated and without significant settlements. That changed after the city of Twin Falls was founded in 1904, and Milner Dam was completed in 1905. Most of the county's other towns were established during this period as well. In response to local government needs for these new communities, which were as much as away from Cassia County's seat at Albion, Twin Falls County was created by the Idaho Legislature on February 21, 1907.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Gooding County - north
Jerome County - northeast
Cassia County - east
Elko County, Nevada - south/Pacific Time Border
Owyhee County - west
Elmore County - northwest
Major highways
US 30
US 93
SH-50
SH-74
National protected areas
Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument
Sawtooth National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 64,284 people, 23,853 households, and 16,959 families living in the county. The population density was 33 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 25,595 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.47% White, 0.19% Black or African American, 0.71% Native American, 0.76% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 3.77% from other races, and 2.02% from two or more races. 9.37% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 17.9% were of German, 17.7% English, 10.9% American and 7.3% Irish ancestry.
There were 23,853 households, out of which 34.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.00% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.90% were non-families. 23.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.13.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.90% under the age of 18, 10.40% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 21.50% from 45 to 64, and 14.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,506, and the median income for a family was $39,886. Males had a median income of $30,058 versus $20,825 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,678. About 9.10% of families and 12.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.00% of those under age 18 and 9.30% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 77,230 people, 28,760 households, and 19,954 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 31,072 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.9% white, 1.2% Asian, 0.8% American Indian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 6.3% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 13.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.2% were German, 14.5% were English, 10.8% were Irish, and 7.0% were American.
Of the 28,760 households, 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.6% were non-families, and 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.16. The median age was 34.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,455 and the median income for a family was $49,188. Males had a median income of $35,777 versus $26,257 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,892. About 10.6% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Buhl
Castleford
Filer
Hansen
Hollister
Kimberly
Twin Falls
Towns
Murtaugh
Unincorporated communities
Rogerson
Politics
Twin Falls County leans heavily Republican; it has not voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since 1936, and even in the Democratic landslide of 1964 Barry Goldwater still carried Twin Falls by 20 percentage points.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Twin Falls County, Idaho
Notes
References
External links
County website
County Parcel Map
Idaho counties
1907 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1907
Twin Falls, Idaho metropolitan area
Matías Freitas Boavida (born 6 November 1968) is a politician and university teacher from East Timor. He is member of the party Fretilin.
Boavida graduated in 1998 in political science from the University of Timor Timur (today National University of East Timor). He received a Diploma in Applied Social Science Methods in 2005 from Charles Darwin University in Darwin, Australia. From 2007, Boavida studied at the Instituto Superior de Ciencias Sociais e Políticas of the Technical University of Lisbon and graduated with a master's degree in 2009.
From 1987 to 1999 Boavida worked in the Indonesian-occupied East Timor as a civil servant. From March 2000 he worked as a lecturer and researcher at the National University of East Timor at the Faculty of Sociology and Policies and at the Center for Gender Studies. From 2000 to 2007 he was also employed in various tasks at the United Nations in East Timor. From January 2001 to May 2004, he served as an administrative assistant to the International Force East Timor and traveled as an election observer to the parliamentary elections in Portugal in 2002. By the end of 2004, Boavida worked as a researcher on the land and property law program before joining the March 2005 participated in a seminar of the Australian Association of Postgraduate Council in New Zealand.
After studying in Lisbon, Boavida worked again as a lecturer at the Faculdade de Ciências Sociais e Políticas of the National University of East Timor]. In addition, he took over several other parallel tasks. From March to June 2010, Boavida worked as a researcher on the Advisory Committee of the National Petroleum Fund, from June 2010 to December 2012 as a Public Policy Officer at United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor, and from January to March 2013 as a member of the advisory team of Finn Reske-Nielsen, the last Special Representative of the Secretary-General for East Timor. From January 2011 to 2015, Boavida headed the Public Policy Department of the Faculty of Social Sciences. Since December 2014, he also worked for Televisão de Timor Leste and from 2017 also on the radio and television program of Radio Televisão Maubere (RTM) as a moderator.
On October 3, Boavida was sworn in to Secretary of State for the Council of Ministers and social communications in the VII. Government of East Timor.
Boavida speaks in addition to Tetum and the East Timorese regional languages Galoli and Makasae still English, Portuguese and Indonesian.
References
Members of the National Parliament (East Timor)
1968 births
National University of East Timor faculty
Living people
Fretilin politicians
East Timorese political people
Technical University of Lisbon alumni
Chen Shuxia (, born in 1963, Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China), is a Chinese contemporary artist. Chen graduated from Central Academy of Fine Arts, Beijing (CAFA) with a degree in folk arts in 1987. She is currently an Associate Professor of Art Education Department at Central Academy of Fine Arts, Beijing, China.
Chen's work has been exhibited in several key galleries, including the Beijing Tokyo Art Projects and the Soka Art Center, Taipei. Chen's artwork has also been auctioned several times, with price ranging from eight thousand dollars to twenty-five thousand dollars.
In 2011, Vibration was sold at Ravenel, Taipei, marking the record price (25,120 US dollars) of Chen's artwork at auction.
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2009 "How Far Apart", He Xiangning Museum, Shenzhen, China
2006 "Virtual and Real" National Art Museum of China, Beijing
2005 "Primitive Colors" Sunshine Art, Hangzhou
2004 "Chen Shuxia Solo Exhibition", PYO Gallery, Seoul
Group exhibitions
2007 "Red Hills and Blue Water - Touring Exhibition of Works by Contemporary Sino-German Artists", Lubecker Art Gallery, Germany
2006 Vanity and Reality - Rediscovery of Asian Contemporary Art, Culture space of Seoul Heyri Art Fund, Seoul
2005 "Nature and Human - The 2nd Contemporary Chinese Oil Painting Landscape Exhibition", National Art Museum of China, Beijing
2003 "China New Physical Oil Painting Exhibition", Shanghai Liu Haisu Art Museum, Shanghai
Award
In 1991, Chen's work Pink Flower won Silver Medal in the 1st China annual Oil Painting Exhibition in Hong Kong
References
1963 births
Chinese contemporary artists
Living people
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1514.
Events
May 15 – The earliest printed edition of Saxo Grammaticus' 12th-century Scandinavian history Gesta Danorum, edited by Christiern Pedersen from an original found near Lund, is published as Danorum Regum heroumque Historiae by Jodocus Badius in Paris.
unknown dates
Gregorio de Gregorii begins printing Kitab Salat al-Sawa'i (a Christian book of hours), the first known book printed in the Arabic alphabet using movable type, in Venice, falsely assigned to Fano.
Clément Marot presents his poem Judgment of Minos to Francis I of France and begins styling himself facteur de la reine ("queen's poet") to Queen Claude.
New books
Prose
Desiderius Erasmus (attributed) – Julius Excluded from Heaven (Julius exclusus de caelis)
Poetry
Births
February 8 – Daniele Barbaro, Italian humanist polymath, writer and translator (died 1570)
November 29 – Andreas Musculus, German theologian (died 1581)
unknown date – Al-Akhdari, Arabic poet (died 1546)
Deaths
October 7 – Bernardo Rucellai, Florentine historian (born 1448)
November 28 - Hartmann Schedel, German humanist historian and cartographer (born 1440)
unknown dates
Peter Crockaert, Flemish philosopher
Nicolaus Ragvaldi, Swedish monk and translator
References
1514
1514 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Dominion Boulevard Steel Bridge (known locally as simply the Steel Bridge) was a double-leaf bascule, two-lane drawbridge which spanned the Southern Branch Elizabeth River in the City of Chesapeake in South Hampton Roads in southeastern Virginia. Built in 1962 and operated by the City of Chesapeake, it carried U.S. Route 17 (US 17) which is Dominion Boulevard (formerly numbered as State Route 104). The corridor frequently acts as a bypass route for congested I-64 High Rise Bridge traffic.
Because of the low water clearance, bridge openings were commonplace for the bridge, with an average of 16 lifts per day. Combined with an average daily traffic count of 33,000, it frequently became a choke point for commuters who lived in the Deep Creek part of the city, with a failing level of service on the entire stretch according to a during a 2006 traffic plan by the HRPTO.
In January 2013, Chesapeake Public Works began construction on a $345 million fixed-bridge replacement project called the Veterans Bridge, which was completed in late 2017. It expanded Dominion Blvd. from two to four lanes from the intersection of Cedar Road & Moses Grady Trail to the interchange of Great Bridge Blvd. The Veterans Bridge is tolled, which started at the rate of $1 in 2017. This project is also a part of the planning for the future Interstate 87 that will connect the Raleigh-Durham Metro area to the Hampton Roads region.
After the first span of the Veterans Bridge opened in December 2014, the Steel Bridge was shut down and demolished.
See also
References
External links
City of Chesapeake, Virginia - Steel Bridge webpage
Bascule bridges in the United States
Bridges completed in 1962
Bridges in Chesapeake, Virginia
Road bridges in Virginia
U.S. Route 17
Bridges of the United States Numbered Highway System
Steel bridges in the United States
The Noble Rot is the tenth studio album by American industrial metal band Powerman 5000. It was released on August 28, 2020 through Cleopatra Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Members
Spider One - Vocals, Production, Artwork
Greg Johnson - Additional Guitars, Production
Murv Douglas - Bass
Taylor Haycraft - Rhythm Guitars
Ty Oliver - Lead Guitars
DJ Rattan - Drums, Percussions
Reception
The Noble Rot received favourable reviews. Dawn Brown of Metal Wani gave it a rating of 8/10, commenting that "while this album very much follows the general nature and disposition of Powerman 5000, it's really not a metal album. It walks a fine line between industrial and electronica. However, the lyrics are offbeat, eccentric, and expertly crafted for the songs therein. ‘The Noble Rot' is a must-listen if you're a fan of Powerman 5000 or the fantastic camp of a B-movie." Jeannie Blue of Cryptic Rock gave it 5/5 stars. She noted that "despite a plethora of lineup changes that have left Spider as the last original man standing, eight additional records have followed over the past 21 years, including 2001's Anyone for Doomsday?, 2006's Destroy What You Enjoy, and 2017's New Wave. But nothing can keep a good band down."
References
Powerman 5000 albums
Robert Bosch (23 September 1861 – 12 March 1942) was a German industrialist, engineer and inventor, founder of Robert Bosch GmbH.
Biography
Bosch was born in Albeck, a village to the northeast of Ulm in southern Germany as the eleventh of twelve children. His parents came from a class of well-situated farmers from the region. His father, a freemason, was unusually highly educated for someone of his class, and placed special importance on a good education for his children. One of his brothers was Carl Friedrich Alexander Bosch (1843–1904), the father of Nobel laureate Carl Bosch.
From 1869 to 1876, Bosch attended the Realschule (secondary-technical school) in Ulm, and then took an apprenticeship as a precision mechanic.
After his school and practical education, Bosch spent a further seven years working at diverse companies in Germany, the United States (for Thomas Edison in New York), and the UK (for the German firm Siemens). On 15 November 1886, he opened his own "Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering" in Stuttgart. A year later, he made a decisive improvement to an unpatented magneto ignition device made by the engine manufacturer Deutz, providing his first business success. The purpose of the device was to generate an electric spark to ignite the air–fuel mixture in a stationary engine. In 1897, Bosch was the first to adapt a magneto to a vehicle engine. In doing so, he solved one of the greatest technical problems faced by the nascent automotive industry. The invention of the first commercially viable high-voltage spark plug as part of a magneto-based ignition system by Robert Bosch's engineer Gottlob Honold in 1902 was a key stage in the development of the internal combustion engine.
Before the 19th century ended, Bosch expanded his operations beyond Germany. The company established a sales office in the UK in 1898, and other European countries soon after. The first sales office and the first factory in the U.S. were opened in 1906 and 1910 respectively. By 1913, the company had branch operations in America, Asia, Africa, and Australia, and was generating 88% of its sales outside Germany. In rapid succession in the years following the First World War, Bosch launched innovations for the motor vehicle, including diesel fuel injection in 1927. In the 1920s the global economic crisis caused Bosch to begin a rigorous program of modernization and diversification in his company. In only a few years' time, he succeeded in turning his company from a small automotive supplier into a multinational electronics group.
From the beginning, Bosch was greatly concerned about promoting occupational training. Prompted by his awareness of social responsibility, he was one of the first industrialists in Germany to introduce the eight-hour work day, followed by other social benefits for his associates. Robert Bosch did not wish to profit from the armaments contracts awarded to his company during WWI. Instead, he donated several million German marks to charitable causes. A hospital that he gave to the city of Stuttgart opened in 1940.
In the 1920s and 1930s, Robert Bosch was politically active. As a liberal businessman, he sat on a number of economic committees. He devoted a great deal of energy and money to the cause of bringing about reconciliation between Germany and France. He hoped this reconciliation would bring about lasting peace in Europe and lead to the creation of a European economic area.
Third Reich
The Nazi regime in Germany brought Bosch's peacemaking efforts to an abrupt end. The Bosch company accepted armaments contracts and employed an estimated 20,000 slaves (including some 1200 concentration camp inmates who were "brutally abused at the Langenbielau plant") during the war. Meanwhile, Bosch supported the resistance against Adolf Hitler and together with his closest associates saved victims of Nazi persecution from deportation.
On his eightieth birthday, Bosch was awarded the title "Pionier der Arbeit" (Pioneer of Labor) by Hitler and when he died a year later, he was afforded a state funeral by the Third Reich.
Bosch was keenly interested in agricultural issues and owned a farm south of Munich. He was also a passionate hunter. When he died, he was survived by four children from two marriages. A son from his first marriage died in 1921 following a protracted illness.
In 1937, Bosch had restructured his company as a private limited company (close corporation). He had established his last will and testament in which he stipulated that the earnings of the company should be allocated to charitable causes. Also, his will sketched the outlines of the corporate constitution, which was formulated by his successors in 1964 and is still valid today.
He was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame in 1984.
See also
Robert Bosch GmbH
Robert Bosch Stiftung
Robert-Bosch-Hospital
German inventors and discoverers
Bosch Fernseh
References
Bibliography
Robert Bosch: The prevention of future crises in the world economic system. London, Constable, 1937 (German edition 1932)
Theodor Heuss: Robert Bosch – his life and achievements. Transl. by Susan Gillespie. New York, Holt, 1994.
Hans-Erhard Lessing: Robert Bosch. Reinbek 2007 (in German).
External links
Robert Bosch at the Automotive Hall of Fame
1861 births
1942 deaths
People from Langenau
People from the Kingdom of Württemberg
German automotive pioneers
German company founders
19th-century German businesspeople
20th-century German businesspeople
19th-century German inventors
German industrialists
Robert Bosch GmbH
Saussurea esthonica is a species of Saussurea.
It is native to Estonia and Latvia.
Synonym: Saussurea alpina subsp. esthonica (Rupr.) Kupffer.
References
esthonica
Flora of Europe
Kisvaszar is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The Bahamas Women's Open was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was part of the International Tennis Federation (ITF) Women's Circuit. It was held at the National Tennis Centre in Nassau, Bahamas from 2011 to 2012.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
Official website
ITF search
ITF Women's World Tennis Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Recurring sporting events established in 2011
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2012
Defunct tennis tournaments in North America
Defunct sports competitions in the Bahamas
2011 establishments in the Bahamas
2012 disestablishments in the Bahamas
Nicolò Francesco Leonardo Grimaldi (5 April 1673 (bap) – 1 January 1732) was an Italian mezzo-soprano castrato who is best remembered today for his association with the composer George Frideric Handel, in two of whose early operas he sang. Grimaldi was usually known by his stage name of Nicolini.
Nicolini was born in Naples, where he made his operatic début in 1685. He also sang sacred music as a soprano in the Cathedral and Royal Chapel (to which extant libretti from the 1690s identify him as virtuoso). Between 1697 and 1731 he sang many operatic roles at various Italian cities in works by composers such as Alessandro Scarlatti, Nicola Porpora, Leonardo Vinci, and Johann Adolf Hasse. Other composers who wrote major roles for him included Francesco Provenzale (who was his teacher), Pollarolo, Ariosti, Lotti, Giovanni and Antonio Maria Bononcini, Caldara, Albinoni, Leo, and Riccardo Broschi. Of more than a hundred productions in which he took part, thirty-six were in Naples, thirty-four in Venice, and fifteen in London.
Nicolini first visited London in 1708, where his fine singing and critically renowned acting were crucial to the success of Italian opera, and, more specifically, opera seria in London. In 1711 he created the title role in Handel's Rinaldo, a work whose immediate popularity was instrumental in the establishing of Handel's lengthy career in England. He also sang the title role in Handel's Amadigi in 1715 and continued to sing in London, usually in various pasticcios, until 1717. The eighteenth-century musicologist Charles Burney described Nicolini as "this great singer, and still greater actor", while Joseph Addison labelled him "the greatest performer in dramatic Music that is now living or that perhaps ever appeared on a stage". His Handel roles reveal that he possessed exceptional vocal agility and virtuosity. Between 1727-1730 he performed with Farinelli in Italy. In 1731 he planned to sing at Naples in Giovanni Battista Pergolesi's first opera seria, La Salustia, but became ill and died during rehearsals.
Further reading
Charles Ancillon: Eunuchism display'd; describing all the different sorts of eunuchs; the esteem they have met with in the world, and how they came to be made so; wherein principally is examin'd, whether they are capable of marriage, and if they ought to be suffer'd to enter into that state; the whole confirm'd by the authority of civil, canon, and common law, and illustrated with many remarkable cases by way of precedent; also a comparison between Signior Nicolini and the three celebrated eunuchs now at Rome, viz. Pasqualini, Pauluccio, and Jeronimo (or Momo); with several observations on modern eunuchs; occasion'd by a young lady's falling in love with Nicolini, who sung in the opera at the Hay-market, and to whom she had like to have been married. Published 1718 by E. Curll in London.
Winton Dean: "Grimaldi, Nicolo", Grove Music Online ed L. Macy (Accessed 10 February 2007), grovemusic.com, subscription access.
Castrati
Italian opera singers
1670s births
1732 deaths
18th-century Italian male actors
Italian male stage actors
Directors of La Monnaie
Rudhra Thaandavam () is a 1978 Indian Tamil-language film directed by K. Vijayan, starring Nagesh and V.K. Ramasamy.
Plot
Rudhra Thaandavam is story which portrays a dream of a poor priest where Lord Shiva provides him knowledge about the world.
Cast
V.K. Ramasamy as Lord Shiva
Nagesh as ponnambalam Priest
Sumithra as daughter of priest
Manorama
Radha Ravi as Gopal
Vijayakumar as Ravi
Thengai Srinivasan as Kanagasabai
Suruli Rajan as Varadha
Ganesh
M. R. R. Vasu as Marappan
Production
This movie is produced by Actor V K Ramasamy under his Alarmelmanga Banner. Filming took place at Vauhini Studios in Chennai.
Reception
According to film historian Randor Guy, the film received highly positive reviews with many of credits to the creative director. This film was a super hit in the time period it was released in. He praised it for the "offbeat storyline, interesting comedy by Nagesh, and the fantastic performance as Lord Shiva by V.K. Ramasami".
References
1978 films
1970s Tamil-language films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Hindu devotional films
Films directed by K. Vijayan
Adolphe Lefkowitch (July 23, 1902 – April 15, 1987) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born in Newport News, Virginia. In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Leslie Black.
References
External links
Adolphe Lefkowitch's profile at Sports Reference.com
1902 births
1987 deaths
Sportspeople from Newport News, Virginia
Boxers from Virginia
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of the United States
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
American male boxers
ReMastered: Massacre at the Stadium is a 2019 documentary film about the death of singer Victor Jara in 1973, and how it turned him into a symbol of Chile's struggle.
Premise
ReMastered: Massacre at the Stadium examines the 1973 death of Chilean folk singer Victor Jara, and how it made him into a symbol and martyr for Chile's struggle within the Pinochet regime. The film investigates the account of Pedro Barrientos Núñez, a former Chilean army official and suspect in the murder of Jara, and the complex circumstances surrounding it.
Cast
Víctor Jara
Joan Jara
Pascale Bonnefoy
Joyce Horman
Salvador Allende
Jack Devine
David Frost
Augusto Pinochet
U2
References
External links
2019 documentary films
2019 films
Netflix original documentary films
Morgana may refer to:
People
Morgana Gmach (born 1994), Brazilian female rhythmic gymnast
Morgana King (1930–2018), American singer and actress
Morgana O'Reilly (born 1985), New Zealand actress
Morgana Robinson (born 1982), British comedian
Nina Morgana (1891–1986), Italian-American soprano
Fictional characters
Morgana, an alternative name of Morgan le Fay, a sorceress in the Arthurian legend (a version popular in many modern adaptations)
Morgana (comics), a DC comics character
Morgana (The Little Mermaid), a villain of the film The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea
Morgana (Jewel Riders), second season character in Jewel Riders
Morgana (One Thousand and One Nights), a clever slave-girl from the tale "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves"
Morgana (Power Rangers), a villain from Power Rangers: S.P.D.
Morgana Macawber, a Darkwing Duck character
Morgana, a character from the video game Persona 5
Morgana, a champion in the League of Legends video game
Morgana (Merlin character), a character in Merlin
Morgana le Fay, a character in the video game Trollhunters: Tales of Arcadia
Morgana, character in the Netflix series Cursed
Other uses
Morgana (documentary), a 2019 Australian film about pornographic film star Morgana Muses
"Morgana" (Jewel Riders episode), episode in Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders
The Morgana Show, a British television sketch comedy
Teatro Morgana, former name of Teatro Brancaccio
Morgana, a 2012 Mexican film
See also
Fata Morgana (disambiguation)
Morganna (disambiguation)
Morgan le Fay (disambiguation)
Morgaine (disambiguation)
Morgan (disambiguation)
The Reykjavík Marathon () is an annual marathon set in Reykjavík, Iceland, held to coincide with the city's Cultural Night Festival in mid-August. It has taken place every year since 1984. Along with the full marathon a half marathon and several races of shorter distances are arranged. In 2011 a total of 12,481 people competed in the various events that were held, 595 solely in the full marathon.
Since 2006 the marathon has been sponsored by the Icelandic bank Íslandsbanki, known as Glitnir between 2006 and 2009.
Past winners (marathon)
Key:
Past winners (Half marathon)
Key:
Homepage
Official Site
References
Marathons in Europe
Recurring sporting events established in 1984
Sports competitions in Reykjavík
Athletics competitions in Iceland
1984 establishments in Iceland
August sporting events
Summer events in Iceland
Tell Rad Shaqrah (Tell Rad Shaqra, Tell Rad Shaqurah) is an archaeological site in Syria, in ancient Upper Mesopotamia. It is located on the northern bank of the Khabur River, about 15 kilometers from Hassake (Al-Hasaka).
Archaeological research
The site was excavated in 1991–1995 as part of the Western Hassake Dam Project, an international salvage project organized by the Syrian Directorate-General of Antiquities and Museums. The expedition from the Polish Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology University of Warsaw was directed by Piotr Bieliński. Earlier in the framework of the same project, Polish archaeologists conducted research at the sites of Tell Djassa and Tell Abu Hafur.
The tell measures 140 by 120 meters and is 8 meters high. Nine settlement layers were identified during the excavations. The oldest remains date to the Halaf period; the settlement expanded in the Early Dynastic III period (mid-3rd millennium BC); the youngest phases date to the Neo-Assyrian period. The settlement was encircled by a 4-meter-thick wall built of mud-brick, with thick (more than 6 meters) buttresses faced with basalt blocks. This type of fortification is called glacis. Thirty-four graves of children and adults, as well as infants, were uncovered. They included pit graves, graves in stone setting, and infant burials in kitchen vessels. The child burials yielded the richest and most diverse grave furnishings, consisting of vessels as well as jewelry made of bronze, stone, shells, and other materials. The finds included zoomorphic beads and pendants.
References
Dariusz Szeląg (2014). Amulets? On the possible function of zoomorphic pendants from child burials in Tell Rad Shaqrah (Syria). Polish Archaeology in the Mediterranean, 23(2), 145–160.
Piotr Bieliński (1996). Tell Rad Shaqrah. Excavations 1995. Polish Archaeology in the Mediterranean, 7, 160–170.
Piotr Bieliński (1992). The first campaign of excavations on Tell Rad Shaqrah (Hassake Southern Dam Basin), Polish Archaeology in the Mediterranean, 3, 77–85.
External links
Excavations at Tell Rad Shaqrah
Footnotes
Archaeological sites in al-Hasakah Governorate
Tells (archaeology)
Leon Francis Phillips (born 14 July 1935) is a New Zealand physical chemist specialising in the gas-liquid interface and atmospheric chemistry.
Biography
Born in the Thames on 14 July 1935, Phillips was educated at Westport Technical College and Christchurch Boys' High School. He studied at Canterbury University College, from where he graduated with an MSc with first-class honours in 1958. After a PhD at the University of Cambridge and post-doctoral research at McGill University, he returned to lecture at Canterbury, rising to the rank of professor in 1966.
In 1968 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand, and in 1979 he won the society's Hector Medal.
In 1959, Phillips married Pamela Anne Johnstone, and the couple went on to have two children.
Selected works
References
External links
institutional homepage
1935 births
Living people
People from the Thames, New Zealand
People educated at Buller High School
People educated at Christchurch Boys' High School
University of Canterbury alumni
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
University of Canterbury faculty
New Zealand chemists
Physical chemists
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
20th-century New Zealand scientists
Simon Oakes (born 9 September 1974) is a former English cricketer. Oakes was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Grantham, Lincolnshire.
Oakes made his Minor counties debut for Lincolnshire in the 1996 MCCA Knockout Trophy against Bedfordshire. Oakes played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1996 to 2002, which included 38 Minor Counties Championship matches and 23 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. He made his List A debut against Gloucestershire in the 1996 NatWest Trophy, which was also Oakes' debut match for Lincolnshire. He made 11 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Norfolk. In his 12 matches for the county, he took 13 wickets at an average of 31.53, with best figures of 2/16. He also played 2 List A match for the Minor Counties cricket team, against Yorkshire in the 1997 Benson & Hedges Cup and Leicestershire in the 1998 Benson & Hedges Cup. He 3 wickets for the Minor Counties, which came at an average of 44.33, with best figures of 3/37.
References
External links
Simon Oakes at ESPNcricinfo
Simon Oakes at CricketArchive
1974 births
Living people
People from Grantham
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
Vladimir Nikolayevich Isakov (; born 12 October 1979) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Third Division in 1997 for PFC CSKA-d Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up: 1998.
References
1979 births
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
FC Zvezda Irkutsk players
Living people
FC Novokuznetsk players
The Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution Concerning the Control of Emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds or Their Transboundary Fluxes (known as the Volatile Organic Compounds Protocol or the VOC Protocol) is a protocol to the Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution which aims to provide for the control and reduction of emissions of volatile organic compounds in order to reduce their transboundary fluxes so as to protect human health and the environment from adverse effects. The protocol was concluded at Geneva, Switzerland.
Opened for signature - November 18, 1991
Entered into force - September 29, 1997
Parties - (24) Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Republic of Macedonia, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom
Countries that have signed, but not yet ratified - (6) Canada, European Union, Greece, Portugal, Ukraine, United States
See also
environmental agreements
References
External links
Ratification status
Environmental treaties
Treaties concluded in 1991
1991 in Switzerland
Treaties entered into force in 1997
Air pollution
1997 in the environment
Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution
Volatile organic compound abatement
United Nations Economic Commission for Europe treaties
Treaties of Austria
Treaties of Belgium
Treaties of Bulgaria
Treaties of Croatia
Treaties of the Czech Republic
Treaties of Denmark
Treaties of Estonia
Treaties of Finland
Treaties of France
Treaties of Germany
Treaties of Hungary
Treaties of Italy
Treaties of Liechtenstein
Treaties of Lithuania
Treaties of Luxembourg
Treaties of Monaco
Treaties of the Netherlands
Treaties of Norway
Treaties of Slovakia
Treaties of Spain
Treaties of Sweden
Treaties of Switzerland
Treaties of North Macedonia
Treaties of the United Kingdom
Treaties extended to Guernsey
Treaties extended to the Isle of Man
Treaties extended to Jersey
Ordinary Monsters is a 2022 fantasy novel by J.M. Miro, a pseudonym for Steven Price.
Background
Ordinary Monsters is the first of a planned trilogy.
Plot
The plot is set in the Victorian era and is about children with special abilities. The employees of a special academy called the Cairndale Institute are determined to find them, and a monster is hunting the children as well. In this alternate timeline, some people are known as Talents, those who have specific abilities that enable them to do seemingly supernatural feats like control dust, become invisible, heal themselves, or be able to harden their skin, among others.
Characters
Main characters
Marlowe, an 8-year-old Talent who can glow with a supernatural blue light. This light can burn others or heal their injuries.
Charlie Ovid, a 16-year-old Talent from rural Mississippi who can heal himself of any injury, even death.
Alice Quicke, a private detective working for the Cairndale Institute to find Talents.
Margaret Harrowgate, a widow and employee of Cairndale Institute who evaluates new Talents.
Frank Coulton, an employee of the Cairndale Institute who searches for Talents, and Alice's partner.
Eleanor "Ribs" Ribbon, a young Talent with the power of invisibility.
Jacob Marber, a Talent who has the power of dustworking, or manipulating dust to his will. He has been seduced and corrupted by a mysterious darkness.
Walter Laster, a strange creature in service of Jacob Marber.
Dr. Henry Berghast, the head of the Cairndale Institute and the man responsible for finding the Talents. Cold, intelligent, and secretive, he works to find both Marlowe and the drughr.
Komako Onoe, a young Talent from Tokyo with the power of dustworking, like Jacob Marber.
Oskar Czekowisz, a young Talent from Poland who creates and is accompanied by his flesh-giant companion, Lymenion.
Abigail Davenshaw, the Talents' tutor at Cairndale Institute. While congenitally blind, she sees more of what happens at Cairndale than most.
Other Characters
Mr. Bailey, Dr. Berghast's manservant.
Brynt, a sideshow performer in the circus, and Marlowe's guardian
Ratcliffe Fang, the dangerous kingpin of London's criminal underworld, and sometime ally to Mrs. Harrowgate.
Susan Crowley, a former employee of Cairndale.
Eliza Grey, a girl fleeing a troubled past who becomes Marlowe's adoptive mother.
Adra Norn, the leader of a Chicago commune who sheltered a young Alice Quicke.
Mr. Thorpe, Cairndale's ancient glyphic, called "the Spider" by the young Talents.
Mrs. Ficke, a chandler in Edinburgh with connections to Cairndale.
Creatures
Talents, humans who have the ability to manipulate dead cells in strange and fantastic ways.
Litches, corpses reanimated and controlled by dustworkers. They have supernatural strength and speed, and retain little of who they were in life.
The Drughr, an otherworldly monster bent on finding and consuming Talents.
Glyphics, onetime Talents who become tied to an orsine. They hold closed the gates to the world of the dead, and can find new Talents in their dreams.
The Spirit Dead, ribbons of memory drifting through the world behind the orsine.
The Keywrasse, a mysterious, cat-like creature bound to serve the holder of it's weir-bents.
Bonebirds, undead, skeletal messenger birds used for communication by those at Cairndale.
Reception
Vanessa Armstrong of Tor.com said the "worldbuilding is ... immaculate and impressive in its detail and expansiveness." Lisa Tuttle of The Guardian said the novel is "a complex, often horrific tale ... it is an enthralling read." Margaret Kingsbury of Buzzfeed News said that "character development and backstory drive the novel's sometimes meandering but always intriguing plot forward." Robert Wiersema of The Toronto Star said the book is "an easy match for the quality readers have come to expect from Price's work."
References
2022 fantasy novels
2022 Canadian novels
Canadian fantasy novels
Historical fiction
Flatiron Books books
Hawthorn School for Girls is a private, independent, all-girls school located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and offers a Catholic education. It was established in 1989. Hawthorn is a part of the Conference of Independent Schools of Ontario Athletic Association (CIS), and a member of Canadian Accredited Independent Schools (CAIS).
Hawthorn admits from preschool to grade 12. Students take part in various out of school activities, such as the Ontario Classics Conference and The Canadian Independent Schools Music Festival. Students are encouraged to participate in service projects, school plays, musicals, orientations, and sleep-away camps, as these are all opportunities available to students as part of their basic curriculum. An additional highlight to Upper School students are trips to such places as Peru and Rome. The Rome trip, which occurs every three years, allows students to visit Italy for a cultural spring break immersion, to be part of many of the things they have studied and learned about only at an academic level. The Peru trip began in 2010 over March Break; senior Upper School students travelled to Santa Cruz, in the Canete Valley of Peru to volunteer at Condoray, a cultural centre. They worked with mothers and their children, planting gardens, teaching hygiene to the children through play, and helping in the village in small ways. The Peru trip was such a success that it will now occur every 3 years.
Academics
The Hawthorn curriculum is based on the classical liberal arts tradition.
Hawthorn School for Girls currently offers Advanced Placement (AP) courses in Statistics, Calculus AB, Calculus BC, Physics, and American History.
Upper School
The Upper School accommodates students from Grades 8 to 12. Emphasis is placed on the humanities as well as on mathematics and the sciences. Courses in Latin, philosophy, moral theology and history are mandatory for Catholic and non Catholic students. It has an enriched visual arts programme.
Lower School
In grades 1-7, the curriculum focuses on phonetic, literacy and mathematics skills.
Junior Program
There is also a Co-ed Junior Program, suitable for children ranging from pre-school to Senior Kindergarten.
Educating the whole person is part of Hawthorn's philosophy of education. Extra-curricular sports provide opportunities for students to develop their physical capacities, as well as providing balance to the rigor of academics and an arena for character development. School teams compete in the Conference of Independent Schools Athletic Association (CISAA) and comply with the CISAA Constitution and Sport Guidelines. Girls in grade 4 and up can join the competitive teams such as, Cross Country, Volleyball, Basketball, Track and Field.
Clubs and activities
Hawthorn participates in CISMF (Conference of Independent Schools Music Festival), and the Classics Conference. Hawthorn has many clubs, mainly for Upper School Students, such as:
Student Council,
Math Club,
French Club,
Spanish Club,
Athletic Council,
Yearbook Club,
The Veritas Student Newspaper, and
Hawthorn Ties School Newsletter.
Hawthorn has concerts and performances such as:
Christmas Concert,
Spring Concert,
CISMF Concert at Roy Thomson Hall,
School Play,
Grandparent's Day, and
French Cafe.
Uniform
The basic uniform for girls in junior kindergarten to grade 5 is a navy blue tunic with the school crest, worn over a crested dress shirt. Students in grade 6 and 7 wear a Mackenzie plaid kilt or gray dress pants with a crested dress shirt and v-neck navy blue sweater (crested) or vest sweater (also crested). A tie is added on Number 1 Dress Days. Students grade 8 and up wear a similar uniform to grade 6 and 7, but a school blazer (navy blue) is also worn, and an optional French-cut blouse. On Number One Dress Days, students either add the tie or the tie and blazer to their uniform. These are days of a school assembly, performance, or a school Mass.
References
External links
School website
Private schools in Toronto
Educational institutions established in 1989
1989 establishments in Ontario
Catholic secondary schools in Ontario
Catholic elementary schools in Ontario
Girls' schools in Canada
Jamie Smith (born February 14, 2001) is a Canadian curler from Sudbury, Ontario. She currently plays third on Team Isabelle Ladouceur. In 2019, she won a gold medal at the 2019 Canada Winter Games playing third for Bella Croisier.
Career
Smith made her first national appearance at the 2018 Canadian U18 Curling Championships after posting an 8–0 record at the 2018 U18 Northern Ontario Girls Provincial with the Bella Croisier rink. The rink would go on to post a 4–2 round robin record, but would fail to carry momentum into the championship round and would drop their next two games, missing the playoffs.
In 2019 Smith would once again reach the national stage this time at the 2019 Canada Winter Games. After finishing first in the round robin with a 9–1 record, the rink would advance directly to the semi-final where they would defeat Nova Scotia's Cally Moore 6–5 and then go on to capture the gold medal after defeating Manitoba's Hayley Bergman 8–3. In the same year, Smith would go on to win back-to-back provincial titles, capturing the 2019 U18 Northern Ontario Girls Provincial and qualifying for the 2019 Canadian U18 Curling Championships. The rink would once again advance to the championship round after a 5–1 round robin record, this time reaching the playoffs and defeating New Brunswick's Melodie Forsythe 7–4 in the semi-final and Ontario's Emily Deschenes 6–2 in the final to win the gold medal.
Personal life
Smith is currently a Financial Mathematics student at Wilfrid Laurier University.
Teams
References
Curlers from Northern Ontario
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Greater Sudbury
Wilfrid Laurier University alumni
Amargo may refer to:
Boron, California, formerly named Amargo
"Azúcar amargo", a song by Mexican singer Fey
Quassia amara, a plant used in traditional medicine
Magyarmecske is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The Calistoga AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the northern portion of California's Napa Valley AVA. The appellation is distinguished by its volcanic soil, high temperatures up to during the day, and cool nights during the growing season due to breezes from the Russian River, causing the highest diurnal temperature variation in the Napa Valley—up to .
Geography and Climate
Despite sharing a name, the Calistoga AVA does not encompass the entirety of the town of Calistoga. The area is noted for its topographical diversity and uniform geology, with bedrock almost exclusively made through volcanic action. The hot days provide color and flavor in the wines, while the cool nights help to maintain acidity and structure
The appellation abuts the Diamond Mountain District AVA to the south and west, the Saint Helena AVA to the southeast, and the Howell Mountain AVA is a short way to the east.
History
The name Calistoga dates back to 1857, with the first vine plantings in 1862. Viticultural and winery census data from 1880 list Calistoga as a distinct region separate from Napa. The appellation was proposed in 2003 by Bo Barrett petitioning for separate AVA status, with final approval coming through in 2009, effective 2010.
Controversy
When the appellation was proposed, two wineries (Calistoga Cellars and Calistoga Estate) fought against the proposal, as under U.S. wine law they would either have to use 85% grapes from the new AVA (neither did at the time) nor change their brand names. Several compromises were proposed, and ultimately rejected, before the AVA was approved. During the process, the Tax and Trade Bureau, the federal body in charge of AVA designations, paused the process of all AVA proposals due to the need to redefine regulations.
Ultimately, the wineries using the Calistoga name were given three years to come in compliance with the appellation rules or discontinue using the name.
See also
California wine
Geography of California
Napa Valley Wine Train
References
American Viticultural Areas of the San Francisco Bay Area
Napa Valley
Geography of Napa County, California
2010 establishments in California
American Viticultural Areas
Herbert Gleiter (born 13 October 1938 in Stuttgart) is a German researcher in physics and nanotechnology.
In 1966, he received his Ph.D. in physics from the University of Stuttgart in Germany. He received the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize in 1988 for contributions to the field of nanotechnology. He became the Chair Professor of the Institute of Material Science at Saarland University, Germany in 1979. He has also held positions at Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the University of Bochum.
In 2004, he was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to the theoretical and practical uses of nanostructured materials.
Since 2012, he is Director and Chair Professor of the 'Herbert Gleiter Institute of Nanoscience' of 'Nanjing University of Science and Technology' of Nanjing in China. In 2019, he received the Advanced Materials Laureate during the 30th IAAM Award Assembly.
References
External links
Invisible Origins of Nanotechnology: Herbert Gleiter, Materials Science, and Questions of Prestige
prof. H. Gleiter's page at KIT,Germany:https://www.int.kit.edu/staff_herbert.gleiter.php
Living people
20th-century German physicists
University of Stuttgart alumni
Saarland University faculty
Harvard University faculty
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
Foreign Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
1938 births
Recipients of the Saarland Order of Merit
The volcanic explosivity index (VEI) is a relative measure of the explosiveness of volcanic eruptions. It was devised by Chris Newhall of the United States Geological Survey and Stephen Self at the University of Hawaii in 1982.
Volume of products, eruption cloud height, and qualitative observations (using terms ranging from "gentle" to "mega-colossal") are used to determine the explosivity value. The scale is open-ended with the largest eruptions in history given a magnitude of 8. A value of 0 is given for non-explosive eruptions, defined as less than of tephra ejected; and 8 representing a mega-colossal explosive eruption that can eject (240 cubic miles) of tephra and have a cloud column height of over . The scale is logarithmic, with each interval on the scale representing a tenfold increase in observed ejecta criteria, with the exception of between VEI-0, VEI-1 and VEI-2.
Classification
With indices running from 0 to 8, the VEI associated with an eruption is dependent on how much volcanic material is thrown out, to what height, and how long the eruption lasts. The scale is logarithmic from VEI-2 and up; an increase of 1 index indicates an eruption that is 10 times as powerful. As such, there is a discontinuity in the definition of the VEI between indices 1 and 2. The lower border of the volume of ejecta jumps by a factor of one hundred, from , while the factor is ten between all higher indices. In the following table, the frequency of each VEI indicates the approximate frequency of new eruptions of that VEI or higher.
About 40 eruptions of VEI-8 magnitude within the last 132 million years (Mya) have been identified, of which 30 occurred in the past 36 million years. Considering the estimated frequency is on the order of once in 50,000 years, there are likely many such eruptions in the last 132 Mya that are not yet known. Based on incomplete statistics, other authors assume that at least 60 VEI-8 eruptions have been identified. The most recent is Lake Taupō's Oruanui eruption, more than 27,000 years ago, which means that there have not been any Holocene eruptions with a VEI of 8.
There have been at least 10 eruptions of VEI-7 in the last 11,700 years. There are also 58 Plinian eruptions, and 13 caldera-forming eruptions, of large, but unknown magnitudes. By 2010, the Global Volcanism Program of the Smithsonian Institution had cataloged the assignment of a VEI for 7,742 volcanic eruptions that occurred during the Holocene (the last 11,700 years) which account for about 75% of the total known eruptions during the Holocene. Of these 7,742 eruptions, about 49% have a VEI of 2 or less, and 90% have a VEI of 3 or less.
Limitations
Under the VEI, ash, lava, lava bombs, and ignimbrite are all treated alike. Density and vesicularity (gas bubbling) of the volcanic products in question is not taken into account. In contrast, the DRE (dense-rock equivalent) is sometimes calculated to give the actual amount of magma erupted. Another weakness of the VEI is that it does not take into account the power output of an eruption, which makes the VEI extremely difficult to determine with prehistoric or unobserved eruptions.
Although VEI is quite suitable for classifying the explosive magnitude of eruptions, the index is not as significant as sulfur dioxide emissions in quantifying their atmospheric and climatic impact.
Lists of notable eruptions
Timeline of volcanism on Earth (mostly VEI-6, within 2 kya)
List of volcanic eruptions 1500–1999
List of volcanic eruptions in the 21st century
List of volcanic eruptions by death toll
List of large historical volcanic eruptions (VEI-5-7 within recorded history)
List of large volcanic eruptions (mostly VEI-6–8, within 50 Mya)
List of the largest volcanic eruptions (VEI-7–8, mostly within 500 Mya)
See also
Lists of volcanoes
List of natural disasters by death toll
References
External links
VEI glossary entry from a USGS website
How to measure the size of a volcanic eruption, from The Guardian
The size and frequency of the largest explosive eruptions on Earth, a 2004 article from the Bulletin of Volcanology
List of Large Holocene Eruptions (VEI > 4) from the Smithsonian Global Volcanism Program
Volcanology
Hazard scales
1982 introductions
Major-General Charles Ross (10 March 1864 – 21 December 1930), CB, DSO, was a British Army officer, active during the Boer War and the First World War, where he commanded 6th Division from 1915 to 1917. He was the younger brother of Sir Ronald Ross, who received the 1902 Nobel Prize in Medicine for discovering the method by which malaria was transmitted.
Early life
Ross was born in 1864, the third son of General Sir C. C. G. Ross. His eldest brother, Ronald, would later become a medical researcher, and was eventually awarded the 1902 Nobel Prize in Medicine for his work on the transmission of malaria.
He was educated at Stubbington, and joined the Norfolk Regiment (later the Royal Norfolk Regiment) in 1884. He was attached to the Egyptian Army in 1893 and 1894, and attended the Staff College, Camberley from 1897 to 1899. Shortly after leaving, he was posted to South Africa, following the outbreak of hostilities there, to act as a divisional signalling officer. He was then assigned to intelligence work on the staff, and remained in the country until July 1902, being mentioned in dispatches and awarded the Distinguished Service Order. In 1904 he was posted to the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, as an instructor, and in 1905 was transferred to the Royal Military College, Sandhurst as the commander of a cadet company. He remained at Sandhurst until January 1908, when he was posted to the Staff College as an instructor; he was well regarded as a lecturer by his students.
First World War
During the early stages of the war, Ross commanded a brigade.
On 14 November 1915, he was appointed to command the 6th Division in the place of Walter Congreve, who had been promoted to command a corps. He commanded the division during the Battle of the Somme, where it was engaged in September and October 1916. He held command until 18 August 1917, when he was relieved. Whilst commanding the division, he was made a Companion of the Bath. He subsequently commanded the 69th (2nd East Anglian) Division in the UK.
Later life
Ross wrote three books stemming from his academic work: Representative Government and War (1904); The Problem of National Defence (1907); and An Outline of the Russo-Japanese War 1904–1905 (1912). He also wrote fiction, publishing at five mystery novels: The Fly-By-Nights; The Haunted Seventh; Every Man's Hand; When the Devil Was Sick; and The Castle Fenham Case.
He married Clara Marion Horton, the widow of an officer in the Royal Artillery, in 1905; they had no children.
Notes
Bibliography
|-
1864 births
1930 deaths
British Army major generals
British Army generals of World War I
Royal Norfolk Regiment officers
British military writers
20th-century British novelists
Graduates of the Staff College, Camberley
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
People educated at Stubbington House School
British male novelists
20th-century British male writers
Academics of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Academics of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
Academics of the Staff College, Camberley
Bison (formerly Bison B.C.) is a heavy metal band from Vancouver, formed in 2006 by vocalist and guitarist James Farwell.
The band was formerly signed to California-based Metal Blade Records. The band was released from its contract with Metal Blade Records in February 2013, and shortly thereafter, they reverted to their original name Bison.
Bison has released four studio albums and two EPs. They have toured with 3 Inches Of Blood, Genghis Tron, Baroness, The Ocean Collective, Priestess, Coliseum, Weedeater and High on Fire.
History
Earthbound and Quiet Earth (2017–2009)
On November 5, 2007 Bison released their first EP/LP titled Earthbound on Forest Records. It contained 6 tracks with a runtime of 30:51.
On September 30, 2008 Bison B.C. released their first full-length album for Metal Blade Records entitled Quiet Earth.
Comprising 8 tracks with a runtime of 43 minutes. 'About.com' gave the album 3.5/5 saying that "There's a definite retro feel to some of the songs, but others are very contemporary. There are a few lulls and some songs that could be a bit shorter, but Quiet Earth is a surprisingly good CD from a relatively unknown Canadian band that shouldn't be unknown for much longer". The website 'ReviewBusters.net' gave the album a 9.5/10 stating that, "In Bison b.c.'s case you get a terrific album. Quiet Earth makes everything Mastodon put out look like child's play."
Jamie Hooper (scream vocalist from Canadian power metal band 3 Inches Of Blood) is a featured vocalist on the track "Slow Hand of Death".
On October 27, 2008, RollingStone.com featured Bison B.C. as one of 10 Buzz-Worthy Breakouts as part of a feature called CMJ's Hottest Bands. Chris Steffen described them as "Heavy man. Real heavy. Jean-jacket heavy."
Dark Ages and Lovelessness (2010–2012)
On April 13, 2010 Bison B.C. released their second full-length album, containing seven tracks, released by Metal Blade Records. Heavy metal music critic Philip Whitehouse of OneMetal.com stated "if you're thirsty for unpretentious, balls-out, heavy-as-hell metal, this album is set to be the soundtrack to all your future raging keggers".
Dark Ages was named the No. 6 Metal Album of 2010 by Exclaim! magazine.
On October 22, 2012 Bison B.C. released their third full-length LP on Metal Blade Records titled Lovelessness. Containing 6 tracks with a runtime of 44:24. It was recorded by Sanford Parker at Soma and Electrical Audio Studios in Chicago, Illinois. This album featured the replacement of drummer Brad Mackinnon with new member from 2011 Matt Wood. WeLoveMetal.com described the album: "Lovelessness is a prime example of keeping your metal simple and straight forward. Instead of doing a lot of different stuff poorly, Bison makes their in your face metal balls to the wall." AxisofMetal.com's Alex Gallant gives the album a 9/10 stating, "The band lays its outlook bare on this record, making you feel it through the construction of their songs and a wall of sound that pushes forward relentlessly like a tidal wave."
Name change and subsequent events (2013–present)
Not long after severing ties with Metal Blade Records in early 2013, the band had changed their name back from Bison B.C. to simply Bison. Their first release under this name, the limited edition vinyl EP One Thousand Needles, was released in 2014, and Bison toured to support it.
Bison released their first album in five years, and first one since the name change, You Are Not The Ocean You Are the Patient, in 2017 on Pelagic Records.
Bison is currently writing a new album.
Meaning of the band name
There has been some confusion over what the band's official name actually is. They signed to Metal Blade Records under the name Bison B.C. The name change was done to avoid any confusion with other bands of the same or a similar name.
In an interview with MindYourMind.ca, Bison B.C. guitarist Dan And gave their reason behind adding "B.C." to the name stating, "The "BC" doesn't actually stand for any one particular thing. In fact we chose it because it could be interpreted in a few different ways. After a couple years as a band we discovered that there were a few other bands with the same name but of completely different musical styles. After some friends of ours experienced a horror show of legal trouble simply because of a name dispute we decided to cover our asses just in case." The band had officially changed their name back to Bison by the time of the release of their 2014 EP One Thousand Needles.
Discography
Studio albums
Quiet Earth (2008, Metal Blade Records)
Dark Ages (2010, Metal Blade Records)
Lovelessness (2012, Metal Blade Records)
You Are Not The Ocean You Are the Patient (2017, Pelagic Records)
EPs
Earthbound (2007)
One Thousand Needles (2014)
Band members
James Farwell – guitar, vocals (2006–present)
Dan And – guitar, vocals (2006–present)
Matt Wood – drums (2011–present)
Shane Clark – bass (2015–present)
Former Members
Brad Mackinnon - drums (2006–2011)
Masa Anzai – bass (2006–2015)
External links
Bandcamp
References
Canadian thrash metal musical groups
Metal Blade Records artists
Musical groups from Vancouver
Musical groups established in 2003
Canadian doom metal musical groups
Musical quartets
2003 establishments in British Columbia
Charley Davison is a British amateur boxer.
Davison started boxing at the age of eight, trained by her father at home because the local boxing club did not accept girls. She fought Ornella Wahner in 2010 and 2011, before taking a seven year break from boxing and then winning the national championship in 2019.
In June 2021, Davison qualified to represent Great Britain at the 2020 Summer Olympics, and reached the final of the 2020 European Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament by defeating Giordana Sorrentino via unanimous points decision in the semi-final. She lost in the final of the Qualification event to Buse Naz Çakıroğlu by split decision.
References
External links
Living people
English women boxers
Flyweight boxers
1994 births
Olympic boxers of Great Britain
Boxers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The red-necked tanager (Tangara cyanocephala) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy and systematics
The red-necked tanager was first described by Philipp Müller in 1776 as Tanagra cyanocephala.
There are three recognised subspecies of the red-necked tanager:
T. c. cearensis Cory 1916
T. c. corallina (Berlepsch 1903
T. c. cyanocephala (Müller 1776)
Description
It is mostly green with a black back and a blue head and throat.
References
Tangara (genus)
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds described in 1776
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ammar al-Beik (born on December 17, 1972), is a Syrian filmmaker.
Career
Al-Beik was born and grew up in Damascus, Syria, from where he has been exiled since 2011.
Al-Beik's artistic career stems from unconventional roots. His love for photography intensified after leaving the University of Damascus where he was pursuing a degree in business administration in order to work at a camera repair shop for ten years during the 1990s. It is there where he received his formal training in the medium, exploring various methods and approaches while becoming an expert in photographic equipment. He has been exhibiting his photographs since the mid-1990s, at a time when he simultaneously began an impressive career in filmmaking. Taking his cinematic works to the international stage, he has earned critical acclaim from audiences and juries across the globe and has been honored with a number of distinctions and awards.
His choice for cinema was a choice of life, a choice of rebellion through the reality of its political, social and artistic means. al-Beik's early cinematic works, such as “Light Harvest” (1997) and “They Were Here” (2000), provide evidence of his strong foundation in photography, as nearly each scene results in the perfect still, acting fundamentally as a sequence of images.
Having participated in screenings worldwide since 1999, his films have been featured at such events as the Venice, Rotterdam, São Paulo, Oberhausen, Locarno, Nantes and Yamagata International Film Festivals.
His invitation to the 63rd Annual Venice Film Festival - Official Selection (2006), was a first in the history of Syrian cinema, where he received the Provincia Autonoma di Trento Doc/It- Award for his film “I Am the One Who Brings Flowers to Her Grave”. Since then, this film has been touring the world to be screened in the most prestigious film festivals and events including Berlin, Locarno, Rotterdam, the MoMA and the Centre Pompidou.
Among other awards, al-Beik won The Liege Mayor Award at the 7th Liege International Video Film Festival for his film ‘Light Harvest' (2000) in Belgium, as well as the Jury Prize in the 11th Brisbane International Film Festival for 'When I Color My Fish' (2002) in Australia, and a special reward from the International Federation for Cinema Club "FICC" for his "They were Here'(2002) in Italy.
In just a little over a decade al-Beik has become one of the region's leading filmmakers.
Equally accomplished in both genres, his photographs have been shown in venues throughout the Middle East, Europe and the US. Since joining Ayyam gallery in 2007, al-Beik has participated in solo and group exhibitions, as well as in many international art fairs.
As a result of his great artistic range and background, al-Beik's photographs possess a cinematic quality that can only be found amidst the portfolio of a seasoned image-maker. Forever embracing experimentation, he works with an assortment of techniques. Often materializing in the form of large ultra-chrome prints, his photographs toy with the manipulation of light and contrast and delve into the art of visual storytelling, holding the narrative of his subjects up with careful scrutiny and heightened sensitivity.
He was a participant in the Syrian cultural caravan (2014–5).
Works
Ammar Al Beik's artworks are in important institutions and private collections such as the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA).
Delving into installation art since 2010, al-Beik has done so with the urgent need to fill a certain void and the desire to ignite the shock of an initial meeting between the viewer and the work within an immersion in the details of a guarded space.“Colored Earth... Black Chainsaw”, “Oil Leaks” and “Boya Boya Boya” along with other overly political works that incorporate elements of video, painting, sculpture and animation are some of his most recent.
In 2011, he returned to the Venice Film Festival - Official Selection again with the short film “The Sun's Incubator”, a work that explores the domestic effects of the ‘Arab Spring', to become the first Syrian filmmaker participating twice in this festival. Since then, this film has participated in more than 50 film festivals including the Palais de Tokyo, Berlin, Rotterdam and São Paulo, and has received several awards, among them the Jury Award at the Busan Film Festival in 2012.
Most recently al-Beik had a solo exhibit at Museum Neukölln, Berlin, Germany (2017) titled "Lost Images Damascus, Berlin", worth to mention that Metropolis program on ARTE did a special episode featuring al-Beik and the exhibit.
In 2017, al-Beik participated in the "Sanctuary" exhibit invited by For-Site Foundation, where 36 artists from 21 different countries to design contemporary rugs reflecting on sanctuary, offering visitors a multiplicity of perspectives on the basic human need for refuge, protection, and sacred ground.
Filmography
1997: Light Harvest - 3 minutes.
2000: They Were Here - 8 minutes.
2002: Boulevard Al Assad - 1 minute.
2002: My Ear Can See - 8 minutes.
2002: When I Color My Fish- 5 minutes.
2003: Clapper- 58 minutes.
2006: I am The One Who Brings Flowers To Her Grave, Co Produced & Directed with Hala Al Abdalla
2008: Samia - 40 minutes.
2011: The sun's incubator- 11 minutes.
2011: Aspirin and A Bullet - 125 minutes.
2014: La Dolce Siria- 26 minutes.
2015: Kaleidoscope - 20 minutes
2018: Certified Copy for tariff magazine - 20 min 1 sec
Further reading
"The Art of talking about Art - 12:S for Syria"
"Art As A Weapon: The Syrian Artist Ammar Al Beik"
"Between displacement and dissent: 8 Syrian contemporary artists"
References
Syrian filmmakers
Syrian photographers
1972 births
Living people
Sambuddhatva jayanthi, also known as Sambuddha jayanthi, is a religious festival in relation with the Vesak. In the Buddhist world it is celebrated in several Theravada countries including Sri Lanka, India and in Buddhist communities of other countries. Buddha's Enlightenment is highlighted and teachings of Buddha preserved in Pāli Canon become more popular in this period among Buddhists who follow the Theravada.
External links
Sambuddhatva jayanthi, Anniversary of Buddha`s Enlightenment
Sri Sambuddha Jayanthi Mandiraya
Globalpagoda.org: Official Site
Mahamevnawa.lk
Buddhist festivals in Sri Lanka
Buddhist festivals in India
Buddhist festivals in Nepal
The 2017 St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's soccer team represent St. Francis College during the 2017 NCAA Division I men's soccer season. The Terrier's home games are played at Brooklyn Bridge Park, Pier 5. The team has been a member of the Northeast Conference since 1981 and is coached by Tom Giovatto, who was in his eleventh year at the helm of the Terriers.
Going into the season, the Teriers were unanimously picked by the NEC's head coaches to defend its crown in 2017. The Terriers ended their season at 14–5–1 overall and 6–0–1 in conference play. The Terriers won the NEC Regular season championship and the Tournament Championship.
2017 squad
As of August 21, 2017.
Captains in bold
Schedule
Non-conference
Northeast Conference
Northeast conference tournament
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship
NSCAA/Continental Tire College rankings
Awards
Faouzi Taieb, Sophomore Defender
2017 NEC Defender of the Year
Selected to the 2017 NEC First Team All-Conference
Selected to the 2017 NEC Men's Soccer All-Tournament Team
Selected 2017 Third team All-American by College Soccer News
Ali Tounkara, Junior Forward
Selected to the 2017 NEC All-Rookie Team
Selected to the 2017 NEC Men's Soccer All-Tournament Team
2017 NEC Tournament MVP
Dominic Falanga, Senior Midfielder
NEC Player of the Week Award (October 16 – 22)
Selected to the 2017 NEC First Team All-Conference
Selected to the 2017 NEC Men's Soccer All-Tournament Team
Nadim Saqui, Senior Forward
NEC Player of the Week Award (October 30 – November 5)
Selected to the 2017 NEC Men's Soccer All-Tournament Team
Collyns Laokandi, Senior Defender
Selected to the 2017 NEC First Team All-Conference
Robert Bazzichetto, Senior Goalkeeper
Selected to the 2017 NEC First Team All-Conference
Chris Gruver, Freshman Forward
NEC Rookie of the Week Award (October 16 – 22)
Federico Curbelo, Senior Midfielder
Selected to the 2017 NEC Second Team All-Conference
Leo Folla, Senior Defender
Selected to the 2017 NEC Second Team All-Conference
Matteo Caribotti, Sophomore Forward
Selected to the 2017 NEC Team All-Rookie Team
Sami Gliguem, Junior Midfielder
Selected to the 2017 NEC Team All-Rookie Team
Season statistics
See also
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's soccer
2017 NCAA Division I men's soccer season
Northeast Conference Men's Soccer Tournament
2017 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship
References
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's soccer seasons
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers
Michael Pritchett is an American author best known for his novel The Melancholy Fate of Capt. Lewis. Pritchett teaches at the University of Missouri in Kansas City. He is a graduate of the University of Missouri and holds a Masters of Fine Arts in creative writing from Warren Wilson College. He won a Dana Award in 2000.
His fiction has been anthologized in well-known journals, including Passages North, Natural Bridge and New Letters.
Published works
References
Ron Charles, Washington Post review 11/4/07.
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
Living people
University of Missouri alumni
21st-century American male writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Another Try" is a song written by Jeremy Spillman and Chris Stapleton, and recorded by American country music artist Josh Turner, featuring harmony vocals from Trisha Yearwood. It was released in January 2008 as the second single from Turner's album Everything Is Fine, and his eighth chart single overall. In addition, it is Yearwood's 37th single.
Content
"Another Try" is a ballad in which the narrator expresses his desire to undo his past actions in order to bring back a former lover who has left him. He begins by listing the mistakes that he has made, such as hiding his emotions ("all the things I felt and never shared") and "let[ting] her go without a fight". In the chorus, he elaborates on the central point by stating that, given the opportunity to reverse his mistakes, he would never let his lover go again.
Music video
A music video for the song was released in April 2008. Directed by Stephen Scott, the video alternates between two sets of footage. The first features Turner singing and playing acoustic guitar by himself in a room. The other set portrays a scene in which Turner, after discovering that his lover has left, drives off with a suitcase full of belongings, which he throws off a high bridge. This latter set of footage was filmed backwards (thus, the bridge scene comes first), illustrating the central character's desire to reverse time. Yearwood does not appear in the video. Scenes from the video were filmed in Franklin, Tennessee, primarily in the town's square.
Critical reception
The song received a "thumbs down" review from the country music site Engine 145. Reviewer Ben Cisneros thought that the production was "far too contrived", also saying that he did not consider the song suitable for a duet. His review praised Turner's and Yearwood's voices as well as the "pleasant, mysterious" first verse, but thought that the second verse failed to expand the concept of the first. Allmusic critic Thom Jurek described the song favorably in his review of Everything Is Fine, calling it a "moving duet" and saying that "Yearwood…adds exponentially to this song emotionally and texturally."
The song received a nomination for Vocal Event of the Year at the 44th Annual Academy of Country Music awards.
Chart performance
The song debuted at number 57 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart dated January 12, 2008.
Year-end charts
References
External links
Music Video at CMT
2008 singles
Josh Turner songs
Trisha Yearwood songs
Male–female vocal duets
Songs written by Chris Stapleton
Country ballads
Song recordings produced by Frank Rogers (record producer)
MCA Nashville Records singles
Songs written by Jeremy Spillman
2007 songs
Acrolepia halosema is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Argentina.
References
Moths described in 1931
Acrolepiidae
Brušperk () is a town in Frýdek-Místek District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 4,100 inhabitants. The historic town centre is well preserved and is protected by law as an urban monument zone.
Etymology
The town was originally named Brunsberg, meaning "Bruno's hill". It was named after its founder, bishop Bruno von Schauenburg.
Geography
Brušperk is located in the Moravian-Silesian Foothills in a relatively flat terrain. The highest point is the hill Na Vrších with an altitude of . The Ondřejnice River flows through the town.
History
The first written mention of Brušperk is from 1270, when it was already referred to as a town. A document mentioning Brušperk in 1269 is a forgery. The town was probably founded in 1267 or 1268. It was one of the administrative and market centres of the Hukvaldy estate. The town received many privileges from the bishops of Olomouc, including the privilege of building town fortifications.
After the suppression of the serf revolt in 1598–1599, the Protestant Brušperk again became a predominantly Catholic town by the end of the 17th century. The re-Catholicization was most intense especially during the Thirty Years' War. Brušperk was one of the most affected towns by the war. Between 1619 and 1627 it was looted several times, after the occupation by the Swedes in 1643 the population was partly murdered and the buildings destroyed.
The town recovered from the war damage at the beginning of the 18th century. The development of drapery production, which soon became the main craft, played a large part in the renewal of the town. Brušperk was expanding, but the development ended in the 1830s, when industry began to develop in the surrounding towns and the importance of Brušperk thus partially decreased.
Demographics
Sights
In the centre of the historic core is the J. A. Komenského Square with Baroque statues of the Holy Trinity and St. John of Nepomuk, and with burgher houses with preserved arcades. The main landmark is the Church of Saint George with a high tower. The area of the church is surrounded by a wall and containts the Stations of the Cross.
A historical monument is a Dutch-type windmill, built around 1830. The blades and technical equipment of the mill have not been preserved.
References
External links
Cities and towns in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Frýdek-Místek District
Ben Rhydding is a village in the City of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. It is part of the Ilkley urban area and civil parish.
The village is situated on a north-facing valley side beneath the Cow and Calf rocks and above and to the south of the River Wharfe. It was in the historic West Riding of Yorkshire.
History
The village's former name was Wheatley. In the 19th century it was noted for its hydropathic establishment that opened on 29 March 1844 at a cost of £30,000. It was the third major hydropathic establishment in England, "perhaps the most deeply respected and certainly the longest-lived". Ben Rhydding, the name given to the establishment, also given to the railway station built to serve it and by which the village subsequently became known, is allegedly the ancient name of the uplands above Wheatley. In a 1900 history of Upper Wharfedale, a footnote describes the circumstances, citing Collyer's History of Ilkley:
Amenities
Ben Rhydding is served by a railway station, public house, two petrol stations, two churches and local shops but relying on nearby Ilkley for shopping and civic facilities.
Ben Rhydding Hockey Club are located at Countances Way, with Men's and Women's teams competing in the England Hockey leagues.
Location grid
See also
Listed buildings in Ilkley
References
External links
Conservation Area Assessment for Ben Rhydding, dated 2003, from the City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council
Memorials from Ben Rhydding, by John Pringle Nichol, published by Charles Gilpin, 1852
Ben Rhydding: the principles of hydropathy and the compressed air bath, by 'A graduate of the Edinburgh university', published by Hamilton Adams & Co, 1858
Ben Rhydding described in Black's Picturesque Tourist of Scotland, 1861, from Google Book Search
Ben Rhydding: the Asclepia of England, by Rev. R. Woodrow Thomson, published by John Shuttleworth, 1862
.
Villages in West Yorkshire
Wharfedale
Geography of the City of Bradford
Ilkley
St Matthew's Church, Wolverhampton is a parish church in the Church of England in Wolverhampton
History
The first church was built situated in Lower Horseley Fields, at its junction with Lower Walsall Street in 1849 to the designs of architect Edward Banks. It was built by John Cockerill of Wolverhampton and comprised a clerestoried nave with aisles, and a chancel. There was a bell turret on the west gable, and north and south porches in the westernmost bay but one, and a sacristy projecting at right angles from the church. The cost of the building was £3,300 with an additional £1,200 for the land. It was consecrated by the Bishop of Lichfield on 20 November 1849.
It was demolished in 1964 and the new church was designed by Peter Brownhill and built in East Park Way. It opened in 1969.
Bishop Rose Hudson-Wilkin, who later became the bishop of Dover, served as Curate to St. Matthew's parish in the early to mid 1990's immediately after her ordination training.
Organ
The first church had a pipe organ by Nicholson and Lord. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands (county)
Churches completed in 1969
Rebuilt churches in the United Kingdom
20th-century Church of England church buildings
The Garima Gospels are two ancient Ethiopic Gospel Books. Garima 2, the earlier of the two, is believed to be the earliest surviving complete illuminated Christian manuscript. Monastic tradition holds that they were composed close to the year 500, a date supported by recent radiocarbon analysis; samples from Garima 2 proposed a date of 390–570, while counterpart dating of samples from Garima 1 proposed a date of 530–660.
Together, the two manuscripts provide the major witness to the Ethiopic version of the Gospels and have been applied as proof texts for the creation of critical editions of the Ethiopic Gospels by Rochus Zuurmond (Gospel of Mark, 1989; Gospel of Matthew, 2001) and Michael G Wechsler (Gospel of John, 2005). As such, they represent amongst the earliest versional witnesses to the early Byzantine text-type of the Gospels, and are the oldest surviving Ethiopian manuscripts of any kind known to modern scholars. Western scholarship had previously believed both gospels to date from 1100 or later on the basis of palaeographic analysis.
The Gospels are housed in Ethiopia's Abba Garima Monastery. They are not known ever to have left the monastery; although, as the surrounding area was occupied by Muslims from the ninth to the fourteenth centuries, it is possible that they may have remained hidden in a cave for centuries, and then rediscovered. The Gospels were included in the catalog of an American museum exhibition that toured from 1993 to 1996, African Zion: the Sacred Art of Ethiopia, but were never actually lent to the exhibition.
Tradition
Monastic tradition ascribes the gospel books to Saint Abba Garima, said to have arrived in Ethiopia in 494. Abba Garima is one of the Nine Saints traditionally said to have come from 'Rome' (often thought to refer to Syria), and to have Christianized the rural populations of the ancient Ethiopian kingdom of Axum in the sixth century; and the monks regard the Gospels less than significant antiquities than as sacred relics of Abba Garima. According to tradition, Abba Garima wrote and illustrated the complete Gospels in a single day: God stopped the sun from setting until the Saint completed his work. Definitive radiocarbon tests have indeed supported the dating of Abba Garima 2, the earlier of the two books, to the sixth century, but otherwise recent research tends to contra-indicate many aspects of the traditional account, proposing instead that the text-base for the Garima gospels is Greek, not Syriac, that the iconography and palaeography look to Egyptian not Syrian sources, and that the gospel translation witnessed in the Garima gospels had been completed over a century before the traditional dates for the Nine Saints. Furthermore, the supposed Syrian origin of the Nine Saints is no longer maintained in most recent scholarship.
Manuscripts
There are two manuscripts, Garima 1 and Garima 2, of which Garima 2 is likely to be the earlier. In older reference works, Garima 1 is designated Garima I, while Garima 2 is designated Garima III. Before recent restoration, a third, probably 14th century, gospel book had been bound with Garima 2, and this later gospel was then denoted Garima II. Recent restoration has separated the three books, and repaginated in the original order and volumes; relocating a number of folios and miniatures which over the centuries had been displaced between the three manuscripts.
Garima 1 has 348 surviving pages, opening with eleven illuminated canon tables in arcades, followed by the Gospel texts in Ge'ez; the Ethiopic language of the Kingdom of Axum from the 4th to the 7th centuries, which became and remains the religious language of the Ethiopian Church. Garima 2, also in Ge'ez, is a 322-page folio written by a different scribe. It has seventeen illuminated pages, including four fine Evangelist portraits preceding their respective gospels, and a separate portrait of Eusebius of Caesarea preceding his canon tables. The portraits of Matthew, Luke and John are all presented frontally and scarcely differentiated; but that of Mark presents him in profile on the episcopal throne of Alexandria. A further illuminated page depicts the Temple of Solomon, or perhaps the Fountain of Life, with a staircase of unusual form unique in Christian iconography.
The miniatures are in a broadly Byzantine style, and are stylistically consistent with a sixth-century date. While the text was certainly written in Ethiopia, some scholars such as Marilyn Heldman, had maintained that the illuminated pages might have been imported ready-made from ancient Syria or Egypt; whereas Jacques Mercier now argues that both text and illuminations were produced within Ethiopia. Some of the illustrations can be seen at .
The texts of the two manuscripts differ such that Garima 1 does not appear to descend directly from Garima 2, implying that the common translation from which they derive is likely to be substantially earlier still; and that consequently the Ethiopian Gospel translation may be older than previously believed.
Neither manuscript has a colophon. However, in Garima II (the 14th century gospel book formerly bound with Garima 2) there is a historical note on two intruded leaves at the end of the Gospel of Luke, referring to the repair of churches undertaken by a King Armeho. Armeho may be identified with the King Armah of Axum, who issued coins between 600 and 640. Getatchew Haile, in translating the notes of the manuscripts, leaves open the possibility that this note may be attributed to the period of the king's reign.
The two front covers are also very old; that of Garima 1 possibly contemporary with the manuscript, which would probably make it the oldest book cover still attached to its book in the world (the 7th century St Cuthbert Gospel is the oldest European one). It is in gilt-copper with a wooden backing boards and its decoration centres on a large cross. Holes that may have been settings for gems are now empty. The cover for Garima 2 is silver and from the 10th to 12th centuries.
A 19th-century church for female pilgrims at the edge of the monastery is being renovated to house the precious manuscripts. It has small windows, which will help prevent fading. Steel bars are being inserted and the building will be protected by armed guards.
Expert opinion
The Garima Gospels first became known outside Ethiopia in 1950, when Beatrice Playne, a British art historian visited the monastery. Since women are not allowed inside the monastery, the monks courteously carried several manuscripts outside for her to view. She wrote that, "there were several illuminated manuscripts whose ornamental headings struck me as Syrian in style." In the 1960s Frenchman Jules Leroy examined the manuscripts and proposed that they dated from c. 1100. Until recently, few other outside scholars had seen the manuscripts.
The two Garima Gospels became known to biblical scholars through microfilm photographs collected by Donald M Davies who realised that they represented a much earlier text than that of any other surviving Ethiopian manuscript. He dated all three Garima gospel books (including Garima II then bound with Garima 2) to the 8th-10th centuries. Following Davies, and using his photographs, the Garima Gospels formed the base text used by Rochus Zuurmond in his preparation of a critical text for the Ethiopic Gospels; choosing Garima 1 as his primary proof text. Garima 1 and Garima 2 form together Zuurmond's class 'Aa' text or Versio Antiqua, which he states as being "a type which might be more or less the original", in that no later Ethiopic manuscript could be envisaged as conveying substantial information about the original translation except in those passages where neither Garima text survives nor is readable. Zuurmond dated all three Garima gospel books later than Davies had done "In my opinion they cannot be safely dated later than the 13th century, but are probably one or two centuries earlier". In categorising the text witnessed in Garima 1 and Garima 2, Zuurmond states that it has the characteristics of a "free translation" retaining idiomatic Ge'ez syntax and grammar; while often betraying a limited expertise in Greek grammar, vocabulary and orthography. Later Ethiopic manuscripts (and following them, all previous printed Ethiopic editions) commonly descend from an extensive revision undertaken in the 13th century, by which the Gospel texts were corrected to convey more literal and accurate renderings of Greek word order and terminology, and also to conform more closely to Egyptian Arabic versions. Stripping away these later changes, Zuurmond classifies the Garima texts as "early Byzantine"; while emphasising that, especially in the Gospel of John, its readings often appear to witness a version of the Byzantine Text that differs from the later Majority Text; "In about half my sample cases [in John] Eth goes against the Ethiopic equivalent of the Greek Majority Text".
Jacques Mercier a French expert in Ethiopian art, examined the manuscripts at the monastery; and, because the manuscripts were deteriorating to the point where they crumbled every time they were examined, he was permitted in 2000 to take two small detached fragments of parchment to the Oxford University Research Laboratory for Archaeology. One sample from an evangelist page in Garima 2 was dated to 330–540; and the other, from a different canon table page but not definitely a different manuscript, to 430–650. Based on stylistic aspects of the work, Mercier then estimated that the two gospels dated from c. 600. This accords with the date proposed by Marilyn Heldman in the catalog to the 1993 Exhibition African Zion: the Sacred Art of Ethiopia. Marilyn Heldman had previously contributed notes on the illuminated pages of Garima 1 and Garima 2 to Donald Davies's study of dating Ethiopic manuscripts, in which she had argued that the correct depiction of classical architectural forms in the Garima canon tables precluded a date later than the sixth century; while the nearest parallels to the evangelist portraits (especially the forms of furniture depicted in the portrait of Mark) were also of that century.
Mercier's proposal of a much earlier date for the Garima Gospels was taken into account in the revision of Zuurmond's work undertaken by Curt Niccum in 2013. Niccum accepts Mercier's carbon-dating of the Garima Gospels to the sixth century, noting that this is consistent with the observation by Michael Knibb that the text of surviving 'Kaleb' Ge'ez Gospel inscriptions dating from around 525 conform with the form of text in the Garima Gospels, rather than with that found in later Ethiopic manuscripts and editions. He concludes that "more and more evidence points to a considerably earlier period of translation"; arguing that most of the work of translating the New Testament into Ge'ez must have been completed in Axum before the end of the fourth century. In particular. Niccum noted the recent identification in surviving manuscripts of an 'Aksumite Collection' of church canons and patristic extracts, whose translation into Ge'ez can be confidently dated to the fifth century; and which presupposes the Gospels in a Ge'ez version.
In November 2013, a two-day conference was held at the Ioannou Centre for Classical and Byzantine Studies at Oxford, sponsored by the Ethiopian Heritage Fund, with the title "Ethiopia and the Mediterranean World in Late Antiquity: The Garima Gospels in Context". During restoration work further sample fragments had been collected under controlled conditions from text and illustrated pages of both manuscripts; as a result, Jacques Mercier was able to report definitive radio-carbon datings of the two Garima Gospels; 390 to 570 for Garima 2, and 530 to 660 for Garima 1. These dating ranges would suggest that the Garima 2 manuscript is highly likely to be earlier than the Syriac illustrated Rabbula Gospels now in the collection of the Laurentian Library in Florence, Italy and explicitly dated to 586. Mercier proposed the Cotton Genesis, Vienna Genesis and Rossano Gospels as comparable (though undated) illuminated manuscripts. Otherwise papers presented at the conference included the first full published translation by Getatchew Haile of the various historical notes found in the two gospel books; together with various iconographic and palaeographic studies, including a paper from Jacques Mercier arguing that the common grid of scored lines underlying both illustrations and text demonstrates that both were executed in Ethiopia, and that consequently a school of painting and a workshop for the production of manuscripts must have been active in the Kingdom of Axum in Late Antiquity. Alessandro Bausi presented a paper comparing the Ge'ez language and palaeography of the Garima gospels with those found in a recently identified manuscript witness to the 'Aksumite Collection' or 'Synod of Qefrya'; an edited compendium of selected Greek synodical texts, which is believed to have been translated into Ge'ez in the later fifth century.
See also
Bible translations into Geʽez
Purple parchment
Notes
References
External links
Abba Garmia Gospel Volume 2, in digital format
Abba Garima Gospel Volume 1, in digital format
Mediaevalist.net
Photos of the Gospels
Photos of the Gospels and Monastery.
Gospel Books
6th-century biblical manuscripts
5th-century biblical manuscripts
Ethiopian art
6th-century illuminated manuscripts
Fritz S. Brennecke (August 28, 1911 – September 23, 1996) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the Colorado School of Mines in Golden, Colorado from 1947 to 1968, compiling a record of 78–113–8. Brennecke played college football at Colorado Agricultural College (now known as Colorado State University) in Fort Collins, Colorado from 1932 to 1934. After graduating, he served as a high school football coach at several locations in Colorado.
References
1911 births
1996 deaths
Colorado State Rams football players
Colorado Mines Orediggers football coaches
High school football coaches in Colorado
Players of American football from Montana
Paralida triannulata is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Clarke in 1958. It is found in Japan and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 22–24 mm. The forewings are buff shaded with olivaceous.
The larvae feed on Melia azedarach var. japonica.
References
Chelariini
Moths described in 1958
Fulgence is a Francophone given name, and refers to several saints named Fulgence: Saint Fulgence de Ruspe (533), Saint Fulgence (633), Saint Fulgence (Ethiopian Bishop, 4th century).
Some modern bearers of that name:
Fulgence Bienvenüe (1852–1936), French civil engineer, famous for his participation in the creation of the Paris Métro
Fulgence Charpentier (1897–2001), French-Canadian journalist, editor and publisher
Fulgence Ouedraogo (born 1982), French rugby union footballer
Fulgence Rabemahafaly (born 1951), Archbishop of Fianarantsoa, Madagascar
Fulgence Raymond (1844-1910), French neurologist
References
See also
Wiktionary:fulgent
Fulgence
A landhuis (Dutch for "mansion, manor", plural landhuizen; Indonesian: rumah kongsi; Papiamento: kas di shon or kas grandi) is a Dutch colonial country house, often the administrative heart of a particuliere land or private domain in the Dutch East Indies, now Indonesia. Many country houses were built by the Dutch in other colonial settlements, such as Galle, Cape Town and Curaçao, but none as extensively or elaborately as in the Residency of Batavia (an area that includes parts of modern-day Jakarta, West Java and Banten provinces). Much of Batavia's reputation as "Queen of the East" rested on the grandeur of these 18th-century mansions.
They were conceived as replicas of the Dutch architecture. Later, designs included features from Javanese vernacular architecture, partly in response to the tropical climate. The result, a fusion of Western and Javanese architecture, became known later as the 'Indies Style' from the Dutch East Indies. The Indies Style is the first form of a fusion of Dutch and local architecture which gave rise to the subsequent style of early Dutch Rationalist architecture in Indonesia. Despite its heritage and protected status, many of the Indies' country houses were left to deteriorate or were demolished, often due to lack of maintenance. Many of these houses were within the complex owned by the National Police. Many were transformed into dormitories with improper preservation.
History
In 17th century Netherlands, the increasing importance of Holland as a major maritime nation with a growing commercial empire, particularly in the East, had generated capital for the merchant classes of Amsterdam. These increasingly wealthy merchants began to invest their profits in second residences outside Amsterdam. This second residence, or landhuizen, ranged from modest rural retreats to luxurious manor houses, and were typically seated along the rivers Amstel and Vecht. In Batavia, a similar trend occurred in the middle 18th century. When Batavia grew increasingly unhealthy during the 18th century, wealthy Dutch East India Company officials were the first to flee and build grand houses in the surrounding countryside, typically situated between the rivers and roads that led into Batavia.
The officials of the Dutch East India Company built country houses outside the walled city Batavia when the Ommelanden (the hinterland that lay immediately beyond the walled city) had been pacified and kept free from attacks by Javanese insurgents, who were trying to evict the Dutch occupiers. This was achieved by establishing a circular line of fortified field posts at places like Antjol, Jacatra, Noordwijk, Rijswijk, Angke, and Vijfhoek; most of which were established in the middle 17th century.
The first houses were simple structures, but as time went by, these became opulent country houses in luxurious pleasure gardens, often with their own music pavilion and belfry.
Indies Style
The Indies Style appeared very pronounced in the country houses of the Dutch Indies. This style appeared in late 18th-century and gradually adapted to the tropical climate. The style can be divided into three major archetypes: Dutch Style country houses, Transitional Dutch Indies country houses, and Indies style country houses. At least one of each of the styles survived as of 2015.
Dutch Style country houses
Country houses in the Dutch Style (Nederlandse stijl) were popular between 1730 and 1770. They are typically a two-story structure of near replicas of their Dutch counterparts. The Dutch influences are evident in the hipped roof, closed and solid facade and high windows. They often came with belfries, a musical pavilion and a European pleasure garden. The only concession to the tropical climate is the relatively large roof overhang compared with the originals. Unlike their Dutch counterparts, Batavian estates included extensive ancillary quarters to accommodate servants, often in the rear of the house. The interior was usually larger than its Dutch counterpart, with a much taller ceiling.
Samples are Weltevreden country house, Groeneveld House in Condet, Reynier de Klerck country house (now the building of the National Archives of Indonesia), and Jan Schreuder country house.
Transitional Dutch Indies country houses
These Nederlands-Indische stijl, appeared between 1750 and 1800. Their structure and form show acculturation to the tropical climate. Still a two-story structure, the facades are protected from the sun and heavy rain by a larger overhanging roof on all sides. The roof profile resembles the local joglo-style roof traditionally reserved for Javanese noblemen. The upper floor is usually reached by an external staircase and often the central portion was left open for maximum ventilation; as well as tall windows with louvered shutters. The style was also popular in Sumatra.
Samples include Rumah Cililitan Besar (1775), which is still in existence, although deteriorating. Other examples are Pondok Gedeh country house and Cengkareng country house.
Indies-style country houses
Also known as Indo-European house (Indo Europeesche Stijl) or Indische stijl, this type appeared between 1790 and 1820. The form represents the fusion of Dutch and indigenous (Javanese) style. Indies-style country houses were usually built as a single-story structure with front verandahs (pringgitan) and rear verandahs (gadri), covered by a joglo-type pitched roof that extended over the verandahs. Often the verandahs were connected to side galleries for weather protection. The verandah often had potted palms, cool concrete or marble tiles covered with split bamboo mats. The western reference appears in the neo-classical Tuscan columns supporting the large roof overhang and the decorated doors and windows.
The style was replicated all around the archipelago in the later period. One of the few surviving examples is the dilapidated Cimanggis house, whose roof collapsed before 2013. Other examples are Japan House (built for Andries Hartsinck by the end of 18th century, demolished in 1996), Tjitrap (Citeureup) house, Telukpucung house, Camis house and Tjilodong (Cilodong) house.
Decline
With the dissolution of the VOC, country houses became less popular. During the 19th century, two groups of architectural movements occupied the Dutch East Indies: the universally accepted but fading Neoclassical style, appropriate for a colonial empire; and the Modernist, which gave rise to a neo-vernacular school that combined with Art Deco to create a tropical style dubbed as New Indies Style. Whereas the earlier Indies Style were essentially Indonesian houses with European trim, by the early 20th century, the trend was for modernist influences to be expressed in essentially European buildings with Indonesian trim. Practical measures carried over from the earlier Indies Style, which responded to the Indonesian climate, included overhanging eaves, larger windows and ventilation in the walls.
See also
Architecture of Indonesia
Colonial architecture of Indonesia
List of colonial buildings and structures in Jakarta
Indies Empire style
New Indies Style
Rumah adat
Rumah Melayu
Sino-Portuguese architecture
Nipa hut
Bahay na bato
Notes
References
Buildings and structures by type
Dutch East Indies
House styles
Architecture of Indonesia
Particuliere landerijen
The Attorney General of New South Wales, in formal contexts also Attorney-General or Attorney General for New South Wales and usually known simply as the Attorney General, is a minister in the Government of New South Wales who has responsibility for the administration of justice in New South Wales, Australia. In addition, the attorney general is one of the Law Officers of the Crown. Along with the subordinate Solicitor General, Crown Advocate, and Crown Solicitor, the attorney general serves as the chief legal and constitutional adviser of the Crown and Government of New South Wales.
The current attorney general, since 30 January 2017, is Mark Speakman, . The attorney general is supported in the administration of his portfolio by the following ministers, all appointed with effect from 21 December 2021:
the Minister for Police, currently Paul Toole
the Minister for Women and Minister for Mental Health, currently Bronnie Taylor
the Minister for Veterans, currently David Elliott
the Minister for Women's Safety and the Prevention of Domestic and Sexual Violence, currently Natalie Ward
the Minister for Corrections, currently Geoff Lee
the Minister for Families and Communities and Minister for Disability Services, currently Natasha Maclaren-Jones
the Minister for Emergency Services and Resilience, currently Steph Cooke
the Minister for Multiculturalism and Minister for Seniors, currently Mark Coure and
the Minister for Regional Youth, currently Ben Franklin.
The attorney general and the Ministers administer the portfolio through the Stronger Communities cluster, in particular the Department of Communities and Justice and a range of other government agencies.
Ultimately, the attorney general and the Ministers are responsible to the Parliament of New South Wales.
History and function
The position of Attorney General has existed since 1824, well before the full establishment of the New South Wales Parliament (in 1856) but coinciding with the establishment of the New South Wales Legislative Council. From the beginning, the attorney general has been the Crown's advisor and representative in legal matters. It was modelled after the office of the Attorney General for England and Wales. As such the attorney general advises and represents the Crown and government departments in court. The person appointed to this role provides legal advice to the Government, acts as the representative of the public interest and resolves issues between government departments.
The attorney general also has supervisory powers over the prosecution of criminal offences, but is not personally involved with prosecutions. Today, prosecutions are carried out by the Public Prosecution Office and most legal advice to government departments is provided by the Government Legal Service, both under the supervision of the attorney general. The attorney general may appeal cases to the higher courts where, although the particular case is settled, there may be a point of law of public importance at issue. The attorney general is responsible to Parliament for activities of the Department of Justice and has responsibility for the all state's courts and tribunals and the appointment of judges, magistrates and statutory officers in New South Wales.
List of ministers
Attorneys general
The following individuals have served as Attorney General of New South Wales:
See also
List of New South Wales government agencies
References
External links
NSW Department of Justice
Attorneys General of New South Wales
Attorney
New South Wales
The Traditional Circle of Indian Elders and Youth, established in 1977, is a native American cultural society which operates as a council of respected leaders of American Indian nations. It aims to renew and preserve native American culture, values, and worldview at a grass-roots level, and to provide avenues for that culture to inform and contribute to contemporary cultural and political debate. The Circle's office is located in Bozeman, Montana.
The Circle holds an annual conference.
Following their annual council gathering, the Traditional Circle often issues a communiqué to the leaders of the world at large — simply worded messages outlining problems of concern to Native Americans and non-Indians alike, and putting out a call for action. Past communiqués have dealt with the loss of sacred traditions and language, social problems, and, very often, environmental degradation.
The American Indian Institute acts as the Traditional Circle's sponsoring agent. "The non-Indian circle of the AII ... [assists] the Traditional Circle in carrying out its mission and its messages."
Founding members include Joe Medicine Crow, recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and Chief Oren Lyons of the Onondaga Council of Chiefs.
Steve Talbot wrote: "In a 1992 communique, the Traditional Circle of Indian Elders and Youth directly linked the abridgment of Indian religious freedom to the Doctrine of Christian Nations and the 1823 Johnson v. McIntosh decision that embodies it."
Mohawk documentary film-maker Danny Beaton talked in an interview about "a sacred circle of grassroots spiritual Elders in Montana called the Traditional Circle of Indian Elders and Youth."
References
External links
Official Website of the Traditional Circle of Indian Elders & Youth
Native American organizations
Organizations established in 1977
Non-profit organizations based in Montana
1977 establishments in Montana
Pir Komaj (, also Romanized as Pīr Komāj) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 558, in 141 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Foundation For Children (FFC) is a non-profit and non-governmental organization helping children in Thailand. It was founded in 1978 and based in Bangkok.
In 2006, the Foundation For Children, with support of the Herbalife Family Foundation (HFF), established a Casa Herbalife program serving homeless and underprivileged children in Bangkok.
Official objectives
To provide opportunities for underprivileged and homeless children to fully develop their physical, intellectual and creative potentials
To seek healthy alternatives in education and child-rearing in which the dignity of children is upheld and their opinions considered
To assist and cooperate with the individuals and organizations working for children's education and welfare
To bridge the differences between children and older generations, so those children may be recognized and treated as worthy and equal members of society
To protect children who are abused and neglected, and to restore their family relationships
To campaign for public awareness on children's rights
Projects
Nutrition help for malnourished children.
Defence of children rights, through the work of the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights
Preventing child prostitution, by the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights
Alternative education, the Children's Village School (Moo Baan Dek)
Creative media for children, through the FFC Publishing House
Promotion of family roles in the prevention of child abuse
References
1978 establishments in Thailand
Children's charities based in Thailand
Organizations based in Bangkok
Organizations established in 1978
Ortwin Czarnowski (born 21 July 1940) is a German former cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
People from Oder-Spree
People from the Province of Brandenburg
German male cyclists
Cyclists from Brandenburg
Olympic cyclists of West Germany
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
20th-century German people
Young Hitler is a fact based narrative ("non-fiction novel") that covers the time between Hitler's 16th and 30th year of age. The second part of the book is factual. It was written in English by German writer Claus Hant. Writers James Trivers and Alan Roche assisted Hant in producing the original English version of the book. Young Hitler was published in 2010 by Quartet Books, London.
Summary
The book is divided into two sections: in the first part, a narrative retells the formative years of the young Adolf Hitler between 1907 and 1918, when he lived as a starving artist on the streets and in the asylums of Vienna, and then joined World War I as a volunteer on the Western Front. When the war ends, Hitler comes into contact with members of the Thule Society in Munich, an association of occultists who had launched a political party, the German Workers Party (DAP).The narration ends in 1920 when Hitler takes over the DAP and turns it into the Nazi Party (NSDAP). In an interview with The Guardian, author Claus Hant explained that the events after 1920 are exhaustively documented in the numerous Hitler biographies. But what the biographies do not investigate is the time before then, when Hitler was transformed from inconsequential artist and drifter to towering political leader. Hant says that he has centered Young Hitler deliberately around this momentous transformation. According to Hant, this decisive turning point in Hitler's life can only be explained satisfactorily now that recent research has unearthed certain previously unknown data and facts.
The second part of the book is purely non-fiction. It contains detailed appendices with many little-known facts about Hitler. Most importantly, the appendices substantiate Hant's thesis which casts a surprising new light on the reasons behind Hitler's rise to power.
Thesis
Young Hitler focuses on the question that has plagued historians since the end World War II. How did Hitler do it? How did such a nonentity - a man with only a primary school certificate, no money and no helpful connections manage to turn the everyday life of one of the most important industrialized nations of its time inside out within just a few years?
On the basis of recent and current research, Hant arrives at a twofold answer to this question. Hant states that Hitler was not as illiterate as once thought. According to Hant, Hitler was an extremely well-read man who also had an extensive knowledge of art. Not only did his exceptional memory help Hitler to apply his knowledge in a way that appealed to the dull masses, he also knew how to make an impression on intelligent and highly educated individuals in the top echelon of society. Hant also quotes various sources which document the fact that Hitler believed he had a special connection to the divine. Hitler did not merely pretend to be the “German Messiah”, says Hant. After what Hitler believed was a spiritual experience, he became convinced that he was indeed “the One”. Hant suggests that Hitler's spectacular success was based on his persuasiveness, but he came across as convincing only because of his absolute belief in himself and his mission. To understand the Hitler phenomenon, one must understand his self-image, says Hant, the self-image of a man who “knew” that he had been chosen by God. Publicly, however, Hitler never proclaimed who he believed himself to be. In order to be taken seriously in a world ruled by reason, he claimed to be nothing more than an “ordinary politician”, leaving his followers to organise the cult-like worship that developed around him. Hant argues that if Hitler's personality and his actions are the result of a religious delusion we need to adjust our image of Hitler. As Hant stated in an interview: “The current school of thought assumes that these statements (like calling himself “a tool of providence”) are lies helping him (Hitler) to promote his own myth. But my investigation reveals a different picture: when Hitler said these kinds of things, he was saying something about himself that he truly believed. However, the proponents of the ruling doctrine have fallen for Hitler's self portrayal as a purely secular leader. This has not been acknowledged so far, and we have to first learn to understand what that means.”
Controversy
Hant has repeatedly accused the German media of “hypocrisy with regard to Hitler” and rejects a publication of Young Hitler in Germany. Consequently, the publication of Young Hitler in England was mostly ignored by the German press. Only Der Spiegel reviewed the book, treating Young Hitler merely as a piece of literature.
Reception
Critics who were concerned with the book's literary value were divided in their opinion. Der Spiegel reviewer Wolfgang Höbel refers to Young Hitler as “slush”, while British author Anthony Read calls Young Hitler “ingenious and fascinating”.
Other comments relate its thesis regarding the reasons behind Hitler's rise rather than its literary merits. The Guardian included it in its mention of “the hottest books of the Frankfurt book fair” and the Sunday Express headlined: “an explosive new book turns our understanding of Hitler on its head.“
References
External links
Young Hitler website
2010 non-fiction books
English non-fiction books
Books about Adolf Hitler
English-language books
Bodo Igesz (February 7, 1935 in Amsterdam – December 25, 2014 in New York City) was a Dutch stage director who had an active career staging operas around the world during the second half of the 20th century. He was particularly known for his work with the Metropolitan Opera where he worked for 25 years on the staging staff. He also staged operas for the Salzburg Festival, and staged numerous operas for the Santa Fe Opera; including the United States premieres of Hindemith's Cardillac (1967), Schoenberg's Die Jakobsleiter (1968), Henze's The Bassarids (1968) and Aribert Reimann's Melusine (1972).
A particular triumph for Igesz at the Met was his staging of Georges Bizet's Carmen which premiered in 1972 with Marilyn Horne as the title heroine and Leonard Bernstein conducting. The staging remained in the Met repertory for several years, and was notably the staging used for the first Met Carmens of Régine Crespin (1975) and Elena Obraztsova(1978). Another Met career highlight was his 1988 staging of Ariadne auf Naxos by Richard Strauss which starred Jessye Norman, Kathleen Battle, James King, Tatiana Troyanos, and Stephen Dickson. This production was Broadcast nationwide on the television program The Metropolitan Opera Presents on PBS.
References
External links
Interview with Bodo Igesz by Bruce Duffie, February 13, 1988
1935 births
2014 deaths
Dutch opera directors
Ta Veaeng (; also transliterated Ta Veng) is a district located in Ratanakiri Province, in north-east Cambodia. It is the northernmost district in Cambodia, protruding between Laos and Vietnam.
Communes
Ta Veaeng Leu
Ta Veaeng Leu () contains ten villages and has a population of 2,399. In the 2007 commune council elections, all five seats for Ta Veaeng Leu went to members of the Cambodian People's Party. Land alienation is a problem of moderate severity in Ta Veaeng Leu. (See Ratanakiri Province for background information on land alienation.)
Ta Veaeng Kraom
Ta Veaeng Kraom () contains ten villages and has a population of 1,926. In the 2007 commune council elections, all five seats for Ta Veaeng Kraom went to members of the Cambodian People's Party. Land alienation is a problem of moderate severity in Ta Veaeng Kraom. (See Ratanakiri Province for background information on land alienation.)
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
MRO Software (Maintenance, Repair, & Operation), Inc. - formerly known as PSDI, was a software firm based in Bedford, Massachusetts, which published Maximo, an Enterprise Asset Management system in the market.
The company was founded in 1968 by Bob Daniels, and was headed by Norman "Chip" Drapeau for the last half-decade until mid-2006 when it was acquired by IBM.
On August 3, 2006, the company was acquired by IBM for cash consideration of $739 million.
On April 1, 2007, MRO Software ceased to exist as the Transfer of Trade to IBM took place.
References
IBM acquisitions
Companies based in Bedford, Massachusetts
David Euan Wallace, MC PC (20 April 1892 – 9 February 1941) was a British Conservative politician who was an ally of Neville Chamberlain and briefly served as Minister of Transport during World War II.
Early life
Wallace was born on 20 April 1892. He was the son of John Wallace, of Glassingall, Dunblane, Perthshire. His paternal grandparents were David Wallace, an ironmaster, and Janet (née Weir) Wallace. His aunt, Edith Wallace, was the wife of Maj. Robert Dunbar Sinclair-Wemyss.
He was educated at Harrow before attending the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
Career
In 1911, Wallace joined the 2nd Regiment of Life Guards Reserve, gaining the rank of Captain, serving as adjutant from 1915 to 1918. He was decorated with the award of the Military Cross (MC) after being wounded four times during the Great War.
After the War, he became assistant Military Attaché at the British Embassy in Washington, D.C. He acted as a special Commissioner for the North-East coast and acted as aide-de-camp to the Governor General of Canada in 1920.
Political career
He was first elected to the House of Commons at Member of Parliament (MP) for Rugby from 1922 to 1923, then represented Hornsey from 1924 until his death in 1941 (when he was considered one of the richest members of the House of Commons). He served as Assistant Government Whip from 1928 to 1929; Junior Lord of the Treasury in 1929 and 1931; Civil Lord of the Admiralty from 1931 to 1934; Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department from 1935 to 1935; Secretary for Overseas Trade from 1935 to 1937; Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade from 1937 to 1938; Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 1938 to 1939. On 21 April 1939, Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain appointed Wallace the Minister of Transport.
Wallace was invested as a Privy Counsellor by King Edward VIII in June 1936, along with Lt.-Col. David John Colville (Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland) and, his former brother-in-law, Herbrand Sackville, 9th Earl De La Warr (Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Education).
Personal life
Wallace was twice married and the father of five sons, four of whom died while serving in the military. On 26 November 1913 Wallace married Lady (Myra) Idina Sackville, daughter of The 8th Earl De La Warr and Lady Muriel Agnes Brassey. Lady Idina designed Kildonan House in Barrhill, South Ayrshire with the architect James Miller in homage to her childhood home, but they separated before it was completed. Before the marriage ended in divorce in 1919, they were the parents of two sons:
David John Wallace MC (1914–1944), a Major in the King's Royal Rifle Corps who was killed in action during World War II while serving with the Special Operations Executive in Greece (during the Battle of Menina) and who married Joan Prudence Magor, a daughter of Richard Magor of Chelmsford, in 1939.
Gerard Euan Wallace (1915–1943), a Wing Commander in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve who was killed in a flying accident in Kenya in August 1943, aged 27 and who married Mary Elizabeth Koch de Gooreynd, née Lawson, in November 1940.
On 10 May 1920, he was married to Barbara Lutyens (1898–1981), the daughter of architect Sir Edwin Lutyens and Lady Emily Bulwer-Lytton (a daughter of Edith Villiers and The 1st Earl of Lytton, the Viceroy of India and British Ambassador to France). Together, they were the parents of three sons:
John Wallace (1922–1946), a Lieutenant in the Life Guards who died, unmarried, as a result of a general anaesthetic during a nose operation, while on active service.
Edward Peter Wallace DFC (1923–1944), a Flight Lieutenant in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve who was killed in action during World War II. He was unmarried.
William Euan "Billy" Wallace (1927–1977), who was educated at Eton and University College, Oxford, and was a former escort of Princess Margaret, whom he had known since childhood. He married the Hon. Elizabeth Anne Hoyer Millar, daughter of The 1st Baron Inchyra and Anna de Marees van Swinderen (the daughter of Dutch diplomat René de Marees van Swinderen), in 1965. Princess Margaret, by then married to Antony Armstrong-Jones, attended the wedding.
He inherited a coal and iron fortune estimated at more than £2,000,000.
After undergoing a serious operation before Christmas 1940, Wallace died on 9 February 1941. His widow, who married Herbert Agar (the American journalist who was editor of the Louisville Courier-Journal) in 1945, lived another forty years before her death in 1981.
Descendants
Through his eldest son David, he was a grandfather of two: Laura Jacqueline Wallace (b. 1941), who married Dominic Paul Morland (a son of Sir Oscar Charles Morland GBE KCMG, of Pickering, Yorkshire and Alice Lindley) in 1963, they divorced and she married, secondly, Keith Fitchett, in 2003; and Cary Davina Wallace (b. 1942), who married David Howell, Baron Howell of Guildford.
References
External links
(David) Euan Wallace (1892-1941), Captain and politician at the National Portrait Gallery, London
1892 births
1941 deaths
Alumni of University College, Oxford
British Army personnel of World War I
British Life Guards officers
British Secretaries of State
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
English people of Scottish descent
Lords of the Admiralty
Lutyens family
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Ministers in the Chamberlain peacetime government, 1937–1939
Ministers in the Chamberlain wartime government, 1939–1940
Parliamentary Secretaries to the Board of Trade
People educated at Eton College
Recipients of the Military Cross
Secretaries of State for Transport (UK)
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1924–1929
UK MPs 1929–1931
UK MPs 1931–1935
UK MPs 1935–1945
Stella Maris Light (), Mount Carmel Light, Har Carmel Light or Haifa Light, is a lighthouse in Haifa, Israel. It is located on the seaward face of Mount Carmel, near Stella Maris Monastery, inside an Israeli Navy base.
The lighthouse is closed to the public and there is no access to the building. It can be viewed from nearby.
History
Over the years there have been lighthouses in several locations on Mount Carmel. An ancient lighthouse was present on the mountain in Roman times. One early mention is a lighthouse located at the original site of the Stella Maris Monastery, as early as 1631.
The current location of the lighthouse is at the summer palace of Abdullah Pasha, the ruler of Acre from 1820 to 1831. The house and lighthouse were built using masonry from the Carmelite monastery that stood there, and was destroyed by order of Abdullah Pasha. In 1831 Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt captured Acre, exiled Abdullah Pasha to Egypt, and returned the building to the Carmelites.
The structure was badly damaged in the First World War. However, the building was restored in the end of the war and the Carmelites added a second floor in 1926. In 1928, with a donation by the Spanish Honorary Consul, the current lighthouse was built. The original lens, as well as plans for the original structure and catadioptric apparatus are on display at the facade of Israeli National Maritime Museum.
In the Second World War the British Army rented the house from the Carmelites to serve in the preparation to the Nazi invasion to the area. The British remained there until their evacuation at the end of the British Mandate in 1948. The building has been used by the Israeli Navy ever since.
See also
List of lighthouses in Israel
References
Listed as "Har Karmel (Mount Carmel)".
External links
Lighthouses completed in 1821
Lighthouses completed in 1928
Lighthouses in Israel
Buildings and structures in Haifa
Mount Carmel
Helen Alvord Day (1886–1962) was an American social worker and child welfare advocate. Day headed children's social service organizations in Chicago, Illinois, and New York City between the 1920s and 1940s.
Early life and education
Day grew up in the Oranges, a region of Northern New Jersey. She was a daughter of Stephen D. Day and Elizabeth Martine Day. Her great-grandfather (also named Stephen Day) was a builder of the Oranges. He served as the founding president of Orange Bank and as a New Jersey State Senator. He also served as president of the Morris and Essex Railroad.
Day graduated from the Beard School (now Morristown-Beard School) in Orange, New Jersey in 1904. She then worked as a recreational and playground worker in Orange. During World War I, Day served with the American Red Cross on the Italian Front. She organized stations to feed hungry children on the island of Sicily and in other parts of the country. After the war, Day worked at the nursery of Grace Protestant Episcopal Church in Manhattan. She also served as head resident at the Eli Bates House, a settlement house in the Little Sicily neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. In 1929, Day contributed materials about Little Sicily for sociologist Harvey Warren Zorbaugh's historical work on Chicago. The book had the title of The Gold Coast and the Slum: A Sociological Study of Chicago's Near North Side.
Sheltering Arms
In 1925, Day began serving as the superintendent of Sheltering Arms in New York City. Founded in 1864, Sheltering Arms housed children whom others had abandoned or rejected because of chronic illnesses or conditions. After Sheltering Arms merged with the New York Foster Home Service, Day assumed the role of associate director of the new organization. During her career, she presented at the National Conference of Social Work. In 1937, she presented a paper on evaluating a child's developmental progress in social welfare institutions. She emphasized preparing the child for transition to community life as a main goal.
After retiring in 1945, Day supervised program activities at Sheltering Arms Children's Service. She organized a summer camp at Bantam Lake (near Morris, Connecticut) for children served by the agency. Day also helped run other homes for children. She served as assistant director of the Brooklyn Home for Children in Brooklyn, New York. She later served as resident director of the Preston House of the Girls Service League.
References
American social workers
Activists from New York City
People from Orange, New Jersey
1886 births
1962 deaths
Morristown-Beard School alumni
The Mobfathers is a 2016 Hong Kong crime film directed by Herman Yau, produced by and starring Chapman To. The film co-stars Gregory Wong and Philip Keung, with a guest appearance by Anthony Wong. The Mobfathers made its world premier at the 40th Hong Kong International Film Festival on 23 March 2016 and was theatrically released in Hong Kong on 31 March.
Synopsis
Every three years, the five leading gangs elect a representative to stand for election to be the Mobfather of the underworld. Each of the candidates has his strengths and his weaknesses, and there is understandably a decided lack of trust amongst the gangs. Each fighting for his gang's own vested interests. The Mobfather looks to two of his lieutenants to take over for him when he learns he is dying. In the end the two chosen candidates, Chuck and Wulf, killed each other in a gang fight. The movie ends with Chuck narrating how the Mobfather died.
Cast
Chapman To as Chuck
Gregory Wong as Wulf
Philip Keung as Luke
Anthony Wong as Mobfather (guest appearance)
Bonnie Sin as Chuck's wife
Carlos Chan as police
Danny Summer as uncle Sky
Lee Lung-kei as uncle Earth
Albert Cheung as uncle Man
Ken Hung as Wulf's men
Deep Ng as Coffee
Kenny Wong as Superintendent Xu
Tony Ho as Coke
Kathy Yuen as Mobfather's female companion & driver
Wylie Chu as General
Benson Ling as Chuck's men
Leander Lau as Chuck junior
Tarah Chan as Coco
Trailer
The first trailer was released by Golden Scene HK's YouTube channel on 3 March 2016.
References
External links
2016 films
2016 crime films
Hong Kong crime films
Triad films
2010s Cantonese-language films
Films directed by Herman Yau
Films set in Hong Kong
Films shot in Hong Kong
2010s Hong Kong films
Jochen Müller (born 18 April 1963, in Erbach) is a German former footballer who played as a defender. Müller began his career with hometown club Erbach before moving to Mannheim in 1986. Müller spent five seasons with the club before moving to Scottish side Dundee United in 1991. Müller managed five appearances before injury forced him into early retirement.
In July 2007, Müller returned to Mannheim as a youth coach on a three-year contract.
References
Living people
1963 births
German footballers
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
Dundee United F.C. players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Scottish Football League players
Association football defenders
Lazzat with Asad is a cooking show broadcast on the Metro One news television channel of Pakistan. The show also has an international audience. It has had over 1600 episodes. To improve the show the graphics are under-made.
The word "Lazzat" is an Urdu word for taste, and the whole term "Lazzat with Asad" means "Taste with Asad".
Pakistani television series
Matejić () is a Serbian surname, a patronymic derived from Mateja (). It may refer to:
Božur Matejić (born 1963), former Serbian footballer
Mateja Matejić (born 1924), Serbian Orthodox priest
Paulj Matejić (c. 1770–1816), Serbian Revolutionary
See also
Matejević
Matijić
Matijević
Serbian surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Sol Gareth "Garry" Davis (27 July 1921 – 24 July 2013) was an international peace activist best known for renouncing his American citizenship and interrupting the United Nations in 1948 to advocate for world government as a way to end nationalistic wars.
His actions gained international attention, including support from intellectuals such as Albert Camus and Albert Einstein, but ridicule from Eleanor Roosevelt.
Davis, a World Federalist, founded the non-profit World Service Authority in 1953 to educate and promote World government. The World Service Authority issues "world government documents", such as the World Passport, a fantasy travel document based on his interpretation of Article 13(2), Universal Declaration of Human Rights and on the concept of world citizenship. Previously, Davis had worked as a Broadway stage actor and understudy for Danny Kaye. He served as an American bomber pilot in World War II.
Early life
Davis was born in Bar Harbor, Maine (U.S.), to Meyer and Hilda (née Emery) Davis. His parents were Jewish and Irish, respectively. He graduated from The Episcopal Academy in 1940 and attended the Carnegie Institute of Technology (now Carnegie Mellon University).
Career
Davis was a Broadway actor who served as understudy for Danny Kaye and performed for him the musical Let's Face It!
He also played a leading role in the Broadway hit Three to Get Ready.
Davis served in the U.S. Army during the Second World War as B-17 bomber pilot.
Advocacy for world government
Pained by his own brother's war death and at the death he caused other families by bombing the city of Brandenburg in World War II, and fearful that nuclear war could terminate humanity, Davis's relinquishment of United States nationality in 1948 led him to declare himself a "citizen of the world". He mentioned Henry Martyn Noel, who had renounced a few months earlier, as one of his inspirations.
In France, his "Garry Davis Council of Solidarity" support committee was co-founded by writers Albert Camus, André Breton and Claude Bourdet, and Emmaus movement originator Abbé Pierre, as well as Robert Sarrazac, a former leader of the French Résistance who joined Davis in founding the Citoyens du monde (World Citizens movement).
Davis interrupted a session of the United Nations General Assembly on 19 November 1948, "We, the people, want the peace which only a world government can give", he proclaimed. "The sovereign states you represent divide us and lead us to the abyss of total war." Along with his support committee, he rallied over 15,000 people in Paris to demand that the UN recognize the rights of Humanity. Eleanor Roosevelt ridiculed his stunts in her My Day column as "flash-in-the-pan publicity".
Davis founded the International Registry of World Citizens in Paris in January 1949, which registered over 750,000 individuals. On September 4, 1953, Davis formed an organisation, the World Government of World Citizens, with the stated aim of furthering fundamental human rights.
He additionally formed the World Service Authority in 1954 as the government's executive and administrative agency, which issues its own fantasy passports – along with fantasy birth and other certificates – to customers. Davis first used his World Passport on a trip to India in 1956, and was allegedly admitted into some countries using it.
Davis ran for mayor in Washington, D.C. in 1986 as the candidate of the "World Citizen Party" receiving 585 votes. He also declared himself as the World Citizen Party candidate for the 1988 US presidential election. Davis published multiple books in favor of his cause of world citizenship.
At the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro, Davis issued and disbursed a world currency based on kilowatt-hours of solar power produced, an idea proposed by Buckminster Fuller. These "kilowatt dollars" were the earliest documented emissions reduction currency.
In March 2012, at age 90, Davis began broadcasting a weekly radio show, "World Citizen Radio", on the Global Radio Alliance.
Attempts to help Julian Assange and Edward Snowden
In 2012, Davis sent WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange a World Passport. Only weeks before he died, Davis sent a World Passport to whistleblower Edward Snowden in Moscow in care of the Russian authorities.
Death
Davis entered hospice care on 18 July 2013, and died six days later in the municipality of South Burlington, Vermont, three days shy of his 92nd birthday. He was survived by a daughter from his first marriage, Kristina Starr Davis; two sons, Troy and Kim; and a daughter, Athena Davis from his third marriage; as well as two siblings and a granddaughter.
Bibliography
References
Further reading
Views from My Space (2009)
World Peace Is You (ebook)
Views From My SpaceBook II (2011)
World Citizen Garry Davis Goes to Court (2011)
"What's a World Passport?" Daniel Engber, Slate Magazine. Accessed 25 March 2006.
Davis v. District Director. INS, 481 F. Supp. 1178 (D.D.C. 1979) Accessed 4 November 2006.
External links
World Government of World Citizens website, created by Davis
Garry Davis' blog
Short documentary clip about Garry's life
New York Times article, 28 July 2013
LIFE magazine article, 24 January 1949
Washington Post article, 6 August 2013
Los Angeles Times article, 1 August 2013
Kilowatt dollar explained
Garry Davis – Broadway Cast & Staff - IBDB
Let's Face It! – Broadway Musical – Original - IBDB
1921 births
2013 deaths
American male stage actors
American anti-war activists
United States Army Air Forces bomber pilots of World War II
People who renounced United States citizenship
Stateless people
People from Bar Harbor, Maine
Male actors from Maine
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
Candidates in the 1988 United States presidential election
20th-century American politicians
World federalist activists
Writers about globalization
Activists from Maine
Sir Roger Puleston (1565 – 13 December 1618) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1584 and 1611.
Puleston was the son of Sir Roger Puleston of Emral. He matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford, on 27 April 1582. In 1584, he was elected Member of Parliament for Great Bedwyn. He entered the Inner Temple in November 1585. In 1586, he was reelected MP for Great Bedwyn. He was elected MP for Flintshire in 1588 and MP for Denbighshire in 1593. In 1604, he was elected MP for Flintshire again. He was knighted on 28 August 1617.
Puleston died at the age of about 53.
Puleston married Jane Hanmer daughter of William Hanmer of Hanmer.
References
1565 births
1618 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Members of the Inner Temple
People from Flintshire
People from Denbighshire
16th-century Welsh politicians
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1584–1585
English MPs 1586–1587
English MPs 1589
English MPs 1593
English MPs 1604–1611
Brice Union Taylor (July 4, 1902 – September 18, 1974) was an American football player and coach and track athlete. He played college football as a guard at the University of Southern California (USC), where he was one of first All-Americans in 1925 and the first African-American player for the USC Trojans. Taylor served as the head football coach at Claflin University in Orangeburg, South Carolina in 1927 and from 1932 to 1933, Southern University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana from 1928 to 1931, Bishop College in Marshall, Texas from 1934 to 1935, and Samuel Huston College in Austin, Texas from 1936 to 1938.
Early years
Brice Union Taylor was born on July 4, 1902, in Seattle, Washington. His middle name of "Union" was given in honor of his birth falling on Independence Day. Taylor was a descendant of both African slaves and the Shawnee Indian chief Tecumseh. He was the youngest of ten children of Cyrus Taylor, a bricklayer. Orphaned at age 5, Taylor was taken in and raised by the DiJulio family of Seattle. Although he was born without a left hand, Taylor showed his athletic prowess while growing up in Seattle, Washington. and played football at Franklin High School.
College career
Taylor enrolled at the University of Southern California, where he became a member of the Phi Delta Kappa fraternity and remained an active member throughout his life.
Football
Taylor played for the USC Trojans football team. He started as a fullback on Gus Henderson's 1924 Trojan team. In 1925, Howard Jones became the new head football coach and moved Taylor to offensive and defensive line and kicker. Taylor played all but four minutes of USC's eleven games that season, a school record that stood for decades. Taylor was also named USC's first All American football player in 1925.
Track
Taylor was also a sprinter, hurdler and relay runner on the USC track team that won the IC4A meet at the University of Pennsylvania. He won the 100-yard dash with a 9.8 time, won the 220-yard high-hurdles and was the lead runner on the mile relay team that broke the world record that day. He was also selected for the US Olympic relay team for the Olympics held in Paris in 1924 but due to a sprained ankle, he was not able to compete.
Professional career
In June 1927, Taylor was hired as the head athletic coach at Claflin University in Orangeburg, South Carolina. The following year, he was appointed as head athletic coach at Southern University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He served as head coach for the Southern Jaguars football team from 1928 to 1931. There he began what would become the Bayou Classic against rival Grambling State University. He led the Jaguars to their first undefeated season in 1931. Taylor returned to Claflin in 1932. From 1936 to 1939, Taylor coached at Samuel Huston College, which later merged with Tillotson College to form Huston–Tillotson University in Austin, Texas.
Taylor later became a high school football coach and teacher at Jefferson High School in Los Angeles, California and an associate pastor at the First African Methodist Episcopal Church of Los Angeles. While a football coach at Jefferson High School, he began a weekend program for students at the high school by opening the gym on Saturdays as well as hosting Sports Nights during the week, offering an opportunity for students to participate in sports activities and games while keeping them off the streets in Central Los Angeles. Besides coaching football, Mr. Taylor also taught tennis and gymnastics.
In 1969, Governor Ronald Reagan appointed him to be the Director of Head Start within the Office of Economic Opportunity (OEO) in California.
Death and honors
Brice Taylor died on September 18, 1974, in Los Angeles, after having a stroke two weeks prior. He was survived by his wife, Dora Jones Taylor and their three children; two sons, Cryus and Henry, and a daughter, Dora Ada.
Mr. Taylor was honored as Teacher of the Year by the City of Los Angeles in 1969 and received the University of Southern California General Alumni Association Service award in 1970.
Los Angeles Mayor Sam Yorty appointed Brice Taylor to the Mayor's Community Advisory Board in 1964.
Taylor was inducted into the USC Athletic Hall of Fame in 1995. There is a plaque honoring him as the first All-American at the Los Angeles Coliseum in the Memorial Court of Honor. Every year, the Brice Taylor Award is given to a USC alumnus for outstanding civic service in their community.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1902 births
1974 deaths
American disabled sportspeople
American football fullbacks
American football guards
American male hurdlers
American male sprinters
Bishop Tigers football coaches
Claflin Panthers football coaches
Samuel Huston Dragons football coaches
Southern Jaguars football coaches
USC Trojans football players
USC Trojans men's track and field athletes
Franklin High School (Seattle) alumni
Sportspeople from Downey, California
Coaches of American football from Washington (state)
Players of American football from Seattle
Track and field athletes from Seattle
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
Teklafalu () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The 1974 Bromley Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
The name Paoro (Echo) appears in John White's English translation of a Māori story attributed by him to the Ngāti Hau tribe, as a personal name meaning 'Echo'. However, in the Māori language original which White also supplies, the name Paoro does not appear – instead the word used is 'pari-kārangaranga', "echoing cliff". In the Māori story, Mārikoriko (Twilight) is the first woman, created by Ārohirohi (Shimmering heat) from the heat of the sun and the echoing cliff. She married Tiki, the first man, and gave birth to Hine-kau-ataata (Woman floating in shadows).
Māori mythology
Nikolay Semyonovich Shustov (; 29 December 1834, Saint Petersburg — 5 December 1868, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian painter and member of the Imperial Academy of Arts.
Biography
His father was a merchant. He received his initial training at the Imperial Academy of Arts. In 1856, he was awarded a silver medal for "painting from nature" and the following year was awarded another for "sketching from life". This was followed by a gold medal in 1858, and another in 1861 for his rather lengthily titled painting "Иоанн III свергает татарское иго, разорвав изображение хана и приказав умертвить послов" (Ivan III overthrowing the Mongol yoke, destroying the Khan's image and killing his ambassadors).
Two years later, he joined the "Revolt of the Fourteen", a group of students who supported the newer Realistic art and were protesting the Academy's insistence on promoting the Classical style. He and the others tendered their resignations and were graduated as "Artists Second-Class". He later joined Ivan Kramskoi and other members of the revolt in a new group called the Artel of Artists.
In 1865, at an exhibition by the Artel, his portrait of (Governor-General of Eastern Siberia) drew attention and he was elevated to the title of "Academician" at the Academy. He died, aged only thirty-three, after suffering from a sudden mental derangement, possibly brought about by excessive drinking.
Selected works
References
Further reading
A. D. Morozov, "Шустов Н. С." in Русское искусство. Очерки о жизни и творчестве художников второй половины XIX века (Russian art. Essays on the life and work of artists from the second half of the 19th century), general editor, A. I. Leonov. Moscow, Искусство 1962, vol.1, pgs.63-71
External links
1834 births
1868 deaths
Russian painters
Russian male painters
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
Large Arch is an outdoor sculpture by British sculptor Henry Moore. It was installed in 1971 and is located in the outdoor plaza of the Cleo Rogers Memorial Library in Columbus, Indiana. Xenia and J. Irwin Miller commissioned the sculpture and gave it to the library. The sculpture is nearly 20 feet tall and is made of sandcast bronze that has been patinated.
Description
Large Arch is an abstract bronze sculpture of an arch created by Henry Moore. The shape of the sculpture suggests human hip and leg bones, while the negative space on the interior of the arch suggests an abstracted human torso with head. It is 19 feet 6 inches tall. The width of the sculpture at its base is 12 feet 3 inches wide, but is 13 feet 9 inches at its widest at the top. While the sculpture is hollow, it weighs approximately . Despite the fact that it was sandcast in 50 sections and then assembled in Germany before being brought on site in 1971, the surface of the sculpture is smooth with little evidence of the joins. The surface of the sculpture was originally patinated green, and was expected to change very little with age. Moore described the original color as Paris green. As of 2014 the patina has progressed, with a light blue patina forming in areas that are most exposed to rain. The deep wrinkles and rough surface of the sculpture is part of the original design, which I.M. Pei has described as "elephant skin."
The sculpture is surrounded by a circular red-brick paved pedestrian plaza.
Historical information
The artist Henry Moore cites his inspiration was the monument of Stonehenge in England, as well as the shoulders of a man. The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) owns a smaller version of the bronze arch by Moore titled Large Torso, which dates from 1962–63, before the creation of the Columbus Large Arch or the Cleo Rogers Memorial Library.
I.M. Pei had the idea of a large work of art to sit in the Fifth Street public plaza that would pull together the space between his newly built Cleo Rogers Memorial Library, the Irwin Gardens by Henry A. Phillips (just east of the library) and the First Christian Church by Eliel Saarinen (across the street). Pei wanted a sculpture that could be touched and walked through. After seeing Henry Moore's Large Torso at the MoMA and watching his daughter run and play within the small arch, Pei asked Henry Moore to make an arch twice as big, with enough for two adults to walk through side-by-side comfortably. Moore agreed so long as it was not so large or positioned in such a way that an automobile could pass through it. Moore also gave over control of the positioning of the arch within the plaza, trusting Pei and J. Irwin Miller to consider how visitors may approach as well as the position of the sun.
In September 1970, Xenia Irwin Miller, co-commissioner of Large Arch, presented a 24-minute color film on the work of Henry Moore which was produced by the Encyclopædia Britannica Education corporation. Miller also presented her visit with Moore at his studio in England in July 1970.
Large Arch was sandcast in 40-50 segments in Berlin, West Germany by the Herman Noack Foundry. Each casting is about a quarter of an inch thick. It was shipped to New Orleans, barged up the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers to New Albany, Indiana and was then driven north to Columbus, Indiana on a flat bed trailer on Interstate 65 to Columbus where it was delivered on a truck and assembled as a single piece. Before its installation, a temporary plywood sculpture was erected in late 1970 to give an idea of the size of the sculpture.
The dedication ceremony of the library did not occur until the installation of Moore's sculpture on May 16, 1971, two years after the library building was complete. I.M. Pei was in attendance and gave a short speech emphasizing the use of the plaza where Large Arch is placed as a public space that emphasizes the importance of the nearby buildings. Also present at the dedication were Carl Weinhardt, director of the Indianapolis Museum of Art at the time, Kenneth D. B. Carruthers, who worked with I.M. Pei on the library's design, and Robert Indiana, artist. Henry Moore did not attend.
Even before its placement, Large Arch was considered a controversial choice by the surrounding community. It has been given colloquial names like
"Dentist's Dream," "Large Hip Joint" and "The Big Bone." The arch is now featured on tours provided by the Columbus Area Visitor's Center, and before he died, Moore considered it to be one of his most important works. It was also featured prominently in the book Henry Moore in America by Harry J. Seldis.
Location history
Large Arch in Columbus, Indiana, was commissioned especially for the public plaza outside I.M. Pei's Cleo Rogers Memorial Library. With its anthropomorphic features, it is a soft organic contrast to the hard geometric shapes that dominate the Library and First Christian Church.
The plaza is Roman style, brick-paved and circular, and the arch is placed in the center of a slightly raised roundabout. In the past, cars were allowed to drive around the arch and park temporarily for the library, but this road was closed off shortly after to create a pedestrian plaza. The plaza is designed for use by the public. In 2013-14, the plaza underwent repairs but Large Arch is still on view.
Similar bronze arches by Henry Moore are on display at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, the Lynden Sculpture Garden in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and the Nelson Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas City, Missouri. A similar arch by Moore made from travertine is also on display in Kensington Gardens in London, England.
Acquisition
Large Arch was approved by the Bartholomew County Library board and paid for by Xenia and J. Irwin Miller at the suggestion of I.M. Pei. The Millers donated the work to the Bartholomew County Library.
Artist
Condition
At some point between the sculpture's installation in 1971 and 1985, a line of caulking was added around the base of Large Arch to prevent water pooling and freeze/thaw damage.
In October 1984, Large Arch was vandalized. An encircled capital letter "A" was spray painted in white on the south-east outer face of the sculpture, which may have referred to the musical style of Anarcho-punk. While the Bartholomew County Library posted a reward for information about the crime, no one was ever charged. Two efforts were made to remove the paint, the first of which was in December 1984. Phoebe Weil, a well-known sculpture conservator from Saint Louis who pioneered the field in the 1970s, removed as much paint as possible from Large Arch. Weil also recommended coating the sculpture to ensure easier removal of future paint-based attacks. The second attempt to remove the spray-painted A was in spring of 1986. This time the library association contacted Henry Moore's studio for recommendations, approval of future cleaning, and to create a plan of regular maintenance schedule for the future. Unnamed art conservators from Cincinnati and New York City gave their opinions for future care, and both agreed that coating the sculpture in a special wax mixture would protect it from future paint-based attack.
See also
List of public art in Bartholomew County, Indiana
Cleo Rogers Memorial Library by I. M. Pei
First Christian Church (Columbus, Indiana) by Eliel Saarinen
Irwin Gardens at the Inn at Irwin Gardens
Chaos I by Jean Tinguely
Friendship Way by Cork Marcheschi
2 Arcs de 212.5˚ by Bernar Venet
Horses by Costantino Nivola
The Family by Harris Barron
Yellow Neon Chandelier and Persians by Dale Chihuly
C by Robert Indiana
Sermon on the Mount by Loja Saarinen and Eliel Saarinen
History and Mystery by William T. Wiley
Exploded Engine by Rudolph de Harak
References
External links
Large Arch - Columbus Area Arts Council
Large Arch by Henry Moore - A Kid's Columbus
The Henry Moore Foundation Database of Public Artwork
Outdoor sculptures in Indiana
Public art in Columbus, Indiana
Vandalized works of art in Indiana
1971 sculptures
Sculptures by Henry Moore
James William Colbert Jr. (December 15, 1920 – September 11, 1974) was an American physician and the first vice president of academic affairs at the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC), serving in this capacity from 1969 until his death in a plane crash in 1974. He is the father of Stephen Colbert and Elizabeth Colbert Busch.
Early life and education
Colbert (along with his twin sister, Margaret) was born on December 15, 1920, in the Bronx in New York City, to Mary (née Tormey) and James William Colbert. He was of mostly Irish descent, and was raised in a devout Roman Catholic household. He attended St. Augustine's School in Larchmont, New York for junior high school and Iona Preparatory in New Rochelle for high school. He received his A.B. from College of the Holy Cross in 1942 in philosophy, in which he was deeply interested; nevertheless, he later chose to pursue a medical career because, according to his daughter Margaret Colbert Keegan, "it just seemed to be the thing to do at the time." Colbert was accepted into the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1942, and received his M.D. there three years later, with a focus on immunology and infectious diseases. He then completed an internship at Bellevue Hospital before joining the U.S. Army Medical Corps in 1946.
Career
Colbert spent a year in Europe working for the U.S. Army Medical Corps, after which he completed a residency at Yale School of Medicine. In 1949, he rejoined the U.S. Army Medical Corps as a representative of the Armed Forces Epidemiological Board, director of the Hepatitis Research Team, and technical director of the Hepatitis Laboratory in Munich, Germany. Also after 1949, he joined the faculty of Yale School of Medicine, where he was promoted to assistant dean in 1951. In 1953, at the age of 32, he left Yale to become the dean of the St. Louis University School of Medicine, making him the youngest dean of a medical school at the time. He remained at St. Louis University until 1961, when he became associate director for extramural programs at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the National Institutes of Health. During 1960 he served as chair of the St. Louis chapter of Doctors for Kennedy, to support John F. Kennedy's 1960 presidential campaign. In 1969, he and his family moved from Washington, D.C., where he had been working for the National Institutes of Health, to South Carolina. He became the first vice president for academic affairs at the Medical University of South Carolina on February 1, 1969, and remained in that position until his death. His work at the Medical University of South Carolina has been credited with "laying the foundation for MUSC's rise as a nationally renowned academic medical center."
Personal life
Colbert married his childhood sweetheart, Lorna Elizabeth Tuck, on August 26, 1944. They soon started a family, and had eleven children together: Jim, Ed, Mary, Margo, Tom, Jay, politician and businesswoman Elizabeth Colbert Busch, and comedian Stephen Colbert. Two of his sons, Paul and Peter, died in the same plane crash that killed him in 1974.
Death
Colbert, along with two of his sons, died in the crash of Eastern Air Lines Flight 212 on September 11, 1974, in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Recognition
In 2009, MUSC renamed its education center and library in memory of Colbert. In 2017, the first James W. Colbert Endowed Lectureship was held, also at MUSC, in honor of his legacy there. The lectureship was established in his memory by his family.
References
20th-century American physicians
American immunologists
Physicians from New York (state)
Medical University of South Carolina faculty
Yale School of Medicine faculty
Saint Louis University faculty
Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons alumni
College of the Holy Cross alumni
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Accidental deaths in North Carolina
Stephen Colbert
1920 births
1974 deaths
Iona Preparatory School alumni
Scientists from New York (state)
Gustaf Erik Hasselgren (15 November 1781 — 9 March 1827) was a Swedish painter and etcher. He specialized in Biblical and historical subjects.
Biography
He was born in Stockholm. His father, Erik Gustaf Hasselgren, was the local head of the security guard; a position akin to police chief. From 1798, he studied with Pehr Hilleström at the Royal Swedish Academy of Fine Arts, where his works, largely historical in nature, were awarded several medals, including the Academy's first silver medal in 1803. He became an agré (a type of member-candidate) in 1804 and received a major travel scholarship in 1806.
He first went to Berlin, where he stayed for a year, but was not able to accomplish much, due to an illness. This was followed by three years in Dresden and one year in Vienna, before he settled in Italy. He remained there for five years; becoming associated with the German art colony and befriending Johann Friedrich Overbeck, one of the major figures in the Nazarene movement.
During his travels (in 1812), he had been named a full member of the Academy. In 1816, he returned to Sweden to succeed Hilleström as Professor of figure painting. The following year, he married the artist .
His larger works include a "Resurrection of Christ", which is in Saint James's Church, Stockholm, and a depiction of "Ragnar Lodbrok", which was commissioned by King Karl XIV Johan. His works may also be seen at the Nationalmuseum and the .
Hasselgren died in Stockholm on 9 March 1827.
References
Svenskt konstnärslexikon, Vol. III pp. 62-63, Allhems Förlag, Malmö.
Svenska konstnärer, Biografisk handbok, Väbo förlag, 1987, pg.197,
External links
1781 births
1827 deaths
Swedish painters
History painters
Religious artists
Swedish etchers
Artists from Stockholm
The men's 50 metre freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 1991 Pan American Games took place on 17 August. The last Pan American Games champion was Tom Williams of US.
This race consisted of one length of the pool in freestyle.
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
Final
The final was held on August 17.
References
Swimming at the 1991 Pan American Games
Killian Donnelly (born 25 June 1984) is an Irish tenor. He has appeared in musicals and plays, such as Les Misérables, The Phantom of the Opera, The Commitments, Memphis and Kinky Boots.
Background
Donnelly is from Kilmessan, in County Meath, Ireland, where he was a member of the St Mary's Musical Society. He has one sister, Eimear, and one brother, Ciaran, who still live in Ireland. Donnelly is a tenor and plays piano and guitar.
Donnelly was scouted by a theatre agency while performing in a production in Ireland. He then made the move to London to pursue a career in musical theatre, securing a role in the West End production of Les Misérables.
Career
Donnelly has appeared in many different roles around Ireland and has also directed and written shows. His first theatre role was in 2005 where he featured in the chorus of The Wireman at the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin. He then continued to play Rod in Singin' in the Rain and Ethan in The Full Monty, both at the Olympia Theatre, Tony in West Side Story at the Solstice Theatre, Aladdin in Aladdin and Collins in Michael Collins: A Musical Drama, both at the Cork Opera House, Prince Charming in Cinderella at the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin and Chorus in Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street at the Gate Theatre.
In 2008, he joined the West End production of Les Misérables as a swing and, as a member of the cast, was part of the Les Misérables concert with the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra on the Isle of Wight. He became second cover Javert and Enjolras in the following season of 2009/10, during which time he also performed the lead role of Jean Valjean as an emergency cover multiple times. With the following cast change he was promoted to principal Enjolras and was officially listed (and performed) as third cover Valjean. He eventually finished in Les Misérables on 18 June 2011.
Donnelly's next role was Raoul in Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera at Her Majesty's Theatre.Gareth Gates Joins West End's LES MIZ 10/18 During this time, he also featured in commercials for McDonald's and Jameson Whiskey, and appeared on such television shows as The Tudors, The Open House, The Late Late Show and Showbands. He later performed in You Should Be Dancing at the National Concert Hall.
On 3 October 2010, Donnelly played the role of Courfeyrac in the 25th Anniversary Concert of Les Misérables at The O2 Arena in London. He also played the role of Combeferre in the film of the show, released in 2012.
On 12 November 2012, Donnelly took over the role of Tony in Billy Elliot The Musical at the Victoria Palace Theatre.
On 20 August 2013, it was confirmed that Donnelly would originate the role of Deco in the West End Musical The Commitments from 21 September. The following year Donnelly began playing the role of Huey in Memphis from 9 October 2014 for which he was nominated as Best Actor in a Musical in the 2015 Olivier Awards
On 23 April 2015, it was announced that Donnelly would play Charlie in the West End production of the musical Kinky Boots, at the Adelphi Theatre. The first preview was on 21 August 2015. On 29 February 2016 Donnelly was nominated as Best Actor in a Musical at the 2016 Olivier Awards. He left the show on 13 August 2016 and moved back to Ireland to play Jackie Day in Donegal, a new play by Frank McGuinness.
On 6 December 2016, he made his Broadway debut, reprising the role of Charlie Price in Kinky Boots.
On 12 June 2017, Donnelly returned to the West End production of Les Misérables to play the lead role, Jean Valjean, subsequently reprising the role in the 2018 tour in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
On 29 February 2020, he returned to The Phantom of the Opera, this time playing The Phantom on the 2020 UK Tour. Due to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, the tour was closed just a few weeks into its run at Curve, Leicester, ending Donnelly's run as The Phantom on tour.
On 4 December 2020, it was announced that Donnelly will reprise the role of The Phantom in the West End production of The Phantom of the Opera'' when it is scheduled to reopen in June 2021.
Filmography & Television
Theatre Credits
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
People from County Meath
Irish male musical theatre actors
Elsa Jacquemot was the defending champion, but participated in the women's singles event instead and lost to Elena Rybakina in the first round.
Linda Nosková won the title, defeating Erika Andreeva in the final, 7–6(7–3), 6–3.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
Draw at rolandgarros.com
Draw at ITFtennis.com
References
Girls' Singles
French Open, 2021 Girls' Singles
WIFO may refer to:
WIFO (Nazi company), a former solid fuel research institute in Nazi Germany
WIFO-FM, a radio station
or the Austrian Institute of Economic Research
Dark Polo Gang is an Italian trap musical group from Rome founded by Tony Effe, Dark Side, Wayne Santana and Dark Pyrex in 2014.
Dark Polo Gang is known to have emerged to fame without the help or support of a major, having produced music tracks and video clips independently. They rely on an emerging independent record label called Triplosette Entertainment, of which all contributors are none other than the members of the Gang, longtime friends.
Most of their publications were produced by the Italian American beatmaker Sick Luke, considered the fourth member of the group.
History of the group
The four initial members of the group, Arturo Bruni (Dark Side), Nicolò Rapisarda (Tony Effe), Dylan Thomas Cerulli (Dark Pyrex or Principe Pyrex) and Umberto Violo (Dark Wayne or Wayne Santana), have known each other since childhood growing up in the affluent neighborhoods of Rome (Rione Monti, Trastevere, Campo de 'Fiori). During adolescence they start rapping for fun until Sick Luke, the son of Duke Montana, convinced them to produce some songs seriously. On 22 May 2018, the father of Arturo Bruni (Dark Side) announced the withdrawal from the group of the latter and the beginning of his solo career.
In 2015 the first mixtape called Full Metal Dark was released, available for free download, followed by three individual albums: Crack musica by Tony and Side, Wayne's Succo di zenzero and Pyrex's The Dark Album.
In 2017 the album Twins was released, which debuted at the top of the FIMI Album Ranking. In August 2017 the single Caramelle was certified platinum by FIMI, while Cono Gelato and Sportswear were certified gold records by the same body.
In 2018 the DarkSide's mixtape came out, entirely produced by Sick Luke, called Sick Side.
The first album without Dark side was released 28 September 2018, and it's called Trap Lovers, and it is produced by Sick Luke, Chris Nolan and Michele Canova lorfida .
Issues
Under a veiled self-irony, the core of the texts sung by the group consists of a critique of modern rap, now known to everyone. The Gang, moreover, deals with globalization and the need to adapt to its rules to become rich and famous, which has always been the sole objective of the Gang itself. Drugs, the underworld, the passion for fashion, money and love are among the issues mainly dealt with by the group. Using a flow based on assonance, it is usual to use terms belonging to juvenile slang and typical trap sounds, various references to the cult characters of real life and neologisms belonging to the "alien" world of which they belong and which define themselves as such.
Disputes
Despite the growing and now achieved success, the Dark Polo Gang is also very criticized and mocked on the web by most of the Italian hip hop supporters. The main causes of this are the lack of content, the 'disconnected' phrases, apparently meaningless, and the attached non-closed rhymes that often appear in their texts. Distinguished by a constant arrogance and borderline attitudes, the use of scenarios and themes that, according to some, "do not belong" to what is really the origin of the Roman collective, is also strongly a source of criticism.
The Dark Polo Gang received dissing from various rappers, including: Achille Lauro, Gemitaiz, Inoki and Shade.
Members
Side – voice (2014–2018)
Tony Effe – voice (2014–present)
Pyrex – voice (2014–present)
Wayne – voice (2014–present)
Sick Luke – producer (2014–present)
Discography
Studio albums
2017 – Twins (Tony Effe, Wayne)
2018 – Trap Lovers (Tony Effe, Wayne, Pyrex)
2020 – DARK BOYS CLUB (Tony Effe, Wayne, Pyrex)
Mixtapes
2015 – Full Metal Dark (Tony Effe, Wayne Santana, Pyrex, Side)
2016 – Crack Musica (Tony Effe, Side)
2016 – Succo di zenzero (Wayne Santana)
2016 – The Dark Album (Pyrex)
2018 – Sick Side (Side)
2020 - Dark Boys Club (Tony Effe, Wayne Santana, Pyrex)
Singles
2014 – Ghost Track
2014 – Grenoble
2014 – Terra bruciata
2014 – Hypervenom
2014 – Branco di iene
2015 – Ciaga
2015 – Chiudi quella porta
2015 – Totti e De Rossi
2015 – Numeri uno
2015 – Toro meccanico
2015 – Toro bravo
2015 – Terra
2015 – Daytona in cella
2015 – Non si vede
2016 – Cosa?
2016 – Sportswear
2017 – Spezzacuori
2017 – Magazine
2017 – Caramelle (feat. Peachwalnut)
2018 – British
2018 – Cambiare adesso
References
External links
Musical groups established in 2014
Italian hip hop groups
2014 establishments in Italy
Musical groups from Rome
20 Comedy Hits is a collection of previously recorded songs by Ray Stevens, released in 1995. The first, third, fourth and fifth tracks were included through the courtesy of Barnaby Records, for whom Stevens recorded during the early seventies. The selection of "Shriner's Convention" is a live version that was taken from the album Ray Stevens Live! "Gitarzan" is the album version that begins with audience noises, and "Ahab the Arab" is a re-recording of his 1962 hit for his album Gitarzan (released in 1969). The remaining tracks are selections that were recorded for Curb Records; of these selections, only two were released as singles ("Super Cop" and "The Motel Song") and the rest served as album cuts. The sixth to ninth tracks were taken from the album Classic Ray Stevens, the tenth to thirteenth tracks from #1 With a Bullet, and the last seven from Lend Me Your Ears. Overall, it is not completely accurate to include the word "hits" in the title of this compilation, as it contains only seven songs that were previously released as singles and five of the seven made true impact on the charts.
Inside the album cover is an essay by Barry Alfonso that covers Stevens' life and career from his year of birth to the time of the release of this collection.
Track listing
Album credits
All tracks except "Gitarzan" were produced and arranged by: Ray Stevens
"Gitarzan" was produced and arranged by: Ray Stevens, Fred Foster and Jim Malloy
Art Direction and Design: Neuman, Walker + Assoc.
Illustration: Jill VonHartmann
Album Coordination: Sarita Martin
Compiled from liner notes.
References
1995 compilation albums
Ray Stevens compilation albums
Curb Records compilation albums
Lal Khan (; June 1956 – 21 February 2020) was a political activist and Marxist political theorist.
Born Tanveer Gondal, he was a physician by profession but ceased practicing medicine in order to devote his time to political activity. Adopting the name Lal Khan, he was the leader of the Pakistani Marxist organization The Struggle, and editor of its newspaper. He also wrote regular articles for Daily Times and the Dunya.
He died on 21 February 2020 after being ill with cancer for more than a year.
Early life
In the 1970s, Khan was a student of medicine in college and a political activist in Pakistan when the military coup of General Zia ul Haq toppled the Pakistan Peoples Party government, and subsequently hanged the country's first democratically elected prime minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto. He was imprisoned for a year, then went to university in the capital of Pakistan, Islamabad. He moved to The Netherlands in 1980 to escape by fearing the death sentence in Pakistan. During his time in exile, he graduated from the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam, and continued to reside in the Netherlands for eight more years. In 1988, he returned to his country and quit his profession as a doctor, in order to work full-time in revolutionary politics.
Career
He was the leading member of The Struggle which is based on the ideas of Marx, Engels, Lenin and Trotsky and advocates a socialist transformation of Pakistan. It demands the nationalization of the commanding heights of the economy under workers control, an end to religious extremism and radicalism, the eradication of unemployment and free accessible education for all Pakistani citizens. He was the editor of Asian Marxist Review and International Secretary of Pakistan Trade Union Defence Campaign.
Lal Khan criticized the partition of India and advocated for Indian reunification, which he stated would heal continuing wounds and solve the Kashmir conflict. Advocating for a common revolution, Khan declared that "Five thousand years of common history, culture and society is too strong to be cleavaged by this partition." His views are described his book "Crisis in the Indian Subcontinent, Partition: Can it be Undone?" in which Khan states that "revolutionary transformation of the economies and societies is an essential prerequisite for the reunification of the subcontinent."
On 12–13 March 2011 the largest congress of The Struggle was held in Lahore. These annual congresses are held to analyse the performance of The Struggle and to formulate new strategies for social change and revolution.
In October 2013, Khan accused Malala Yousafzai's supporters in the West of appropriating her and concealing her socialist background.
In a joint statement in August 2016, Khan and CPI(M) Jammu and Kashmir general secretary Mohammed Yousuf Tarigami called for revolutionary unity between the working classes of India and Pakistan to resolve the Kashmir conflict and overthrow capitalism in the subcontinent.
Publications
Partition – Can it be undone? This book examines the historical background of partition of the Indian subcontinent, and the formation of Pakistan and India.
Lebanon-Israel War. Written in 2009, this book discusses not only the current conflict between Lebanon and Israel in detail, but also looks at the history of wars and revolutions in the whole region. The changing role of Iran in the region and the possibility of an invasion of Iran are also discussed in detail.
Pakistan's Other Story – The Revolution of 1968–69. This book examines the student and political activism of the late 1960s which gave birth to a revolution. Khan argues that due to lack of leadership courage, the opportunity to establish a worker's state was lost.
Kashmir, A revolutionary way out. This book examines the possibility of the liberation of Kashmir under a united South Asian socialist federation.
Death
On 21 February 2020, he died after suffering from cancer for more than a year at a local hospital in Lahore.
See also
Trotskyism
International Marxist Tendency
Ted Grant
Alan Woods
References
External links
Pakistani political philosophers
Pakistani revolutionaries
Pakistani Marxists
Pakistani Trotskyists
Pakistani expatriates in the Netherlands
Deaths from cancer in Pakistan
International Marxist Tendency
Quaid-i-Azam University alumni
1956 births
2020 deaths
Dmitriev-Mamonov () is a Russian masculine surname that may refer to
Alexander Dmitriev-Mamonov (1758–1803), Russian noble
Matvey Dmitriev-Mamonov (1790–1863), Russian noble and writer, son of Alexander
Alexander Ivanovich Dmitriev-Mamonov (1787–1836), Russian military commander and battle painter, father of Emmanuil
Emmanuil Dmitriev-Mamonov (1824–1883), Russian portrait painter and Slavophile
Russian-language surnames
Nathan Burl Cain (born July 2, 1942) is the commissioner of the Mississippi Department of Corrections and the former warden at the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola in West Feliciana Parish, north of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He worked there for twenty-one years, from January 1995 until his resignation in 2016.
Biography
Cain was reared in Pitkin in Vernon Parish in western Louisiana. He is the brother of James David Cain, a Republican former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives and the Louisiana State Senate, and Alton Cain. Warden Cain holds a degree from Louisiana State University and a master's degree in criminal justice from Grambling State University in Lincoln Parish.
He began his career with the Louisiana branch of the American Farm Bureau Federation. He was appointed as the assistant secretary of agribusiness for the Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections. In 1981, he was appointed as the warden of the Dixon Correctional Institute (DCI).
After fourteen years there, he was elevated to warden of the Louisiana State Penitentiary. After accepting the job at Angola, he continued to live on the grounds of Dixon. Until 2011, Cain served as the vice chairperson of the Louisiana Civil Service Commission.
Tenure at Angola
Louisiana State Penitentiary, also called Angola after the name of the slave plantation that formerly occupied its land, is the largest maximum-security prison in the United States. Many of the inmates are imprisoned for life or for equivalently long terms and are unlikely ever to be released. Warden Cain claims that under his tenure violent incidents decreased significantly among the inmate population as the prison transitioned to a model based on a Christian religious atmosphere and manual labor, enforced in part with threats of solitary confinement and other punishments. But his claims are highly disputed. During his tenure he became the most famous warden in U.S. history, but before he retired he also became one of the most controversial wardens in U.S. history.
As warden, Cain created an exclusively Christian religious environment in which inmates who displayed adherence to the faith were rewarded and those who did not were punished. A branch of the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary was established at Angola during Cain's tenure, one of the prison's eight churches. In August 2006, the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit accusing Warden Cain and the Louisiana state prison system of hindering a Mormon inmate's access to religious texts. At least one Catholic inmate was also allegedly harassed for requesting to receive Mass while imprisoned on Death Row.
Cain increased media access to the prison, and several documentaries were filmed at the prison during his tenure. He also established a television station at the prison and supported the newsmagazine and radio. Filmed events at the prison include the Angola Prison Rodeo, football, and boxing matches. Cain established a prison-run hospice program in 1997. In 2008, Cain became the longest-serving warden in the history of Angola.
While at Angola, in September/October 2005, Cain also became the warden of Camp Greyhound, a temporary jail in New Orleans in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
In 2016, when he resigned, the prison had 3,600 inmates on 18,000 acres. Gordon Russell and Maya Lau of The Advocate reported that Cain's salary, $167,211 per year was $30,000 higher than that of James LeBlanc, Secretary of the Louisiana Department of Corrections and a previous subordinate and personal friend of Cain. According to Russell and Lau, many observers said that Cain was de facto the head of the department.
In 2008 Cain said he supported continuing solitary confinement for the men known as the Angola 3, stating:
Cain has been compared by both supporters and detractors to the Dukes of Hazzard character Boss Hogg.
In 2010, Cain was among the speakers in a series at Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
In December 2013, a federal judge ruled that death row at Angola is so hot during part of the year that the temperatures undermine the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which forbids "cruel and unusual punishment". The judge demanded a plan to cool death row. Prison officials appealed the order.
Resignation
Cain's resignation as warden came amid allegations about his private real estate dealings raised by The Baton Rouge Advocate. The capital city newspaper claimed that Cain sold interest in land that he owned in West Feliciana Parish to two developers who were reportedly either family or friends of two Angola inmates incarcerated for conviction of murder. The state legislative auditor and the state Department of Public Safety & Corrections began investigations into the issue. In May 2016, Cain was exonerated of any wrongdoing, with respect to using his employees to perform home renovations.
In January 2017, a separate report from the office of Daryl G. Purpera, the state legislative auditor, said that some ten correctional department employees performed work on Cain's private residence near Central in East Baton Rouge Parish. One worked for Cain for three weeks while on official duty at his regular state job. In addition to the labor which Cain received, the audit alleges that the former warden obtained appliances and furnishings, such as iron gates, and food and lodging at the penitentiary for a number of his relatives, mostly his children.
Corrections Secretary Jimmy LeBlanc, Cain's long-term friend and business partner, said that Cain was "personally liable" for $20,000 for the costs of the food, lodging and gates; and that the department will file a civil suit or seek restitution if Cain faces prosecution in the matter. Cain discounted the findings of the Purpera report, saying it had misinterpreted his "creative" approach to handling his duties as warden. Cain claims to have transformed the long-running Angola Prison Rodeo into a self-sustaining facility, resulting in a financial windfall for the state. He also authorized the construction of five new chapels built with privately raised funds.
Cain said that it was his
being creative and thinking outside the box that got me in trouble. These kinds of things discourage state employees from being entrepreneurial. … I stole nothing. I gave. … I should be tossed off rather than condemned.
Ultimately Cain was cleared by the Daryl Purpera investigation and by another probe into his activities by the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. Cain said that he never doubted that he would be cleared because he had stolen nothing, had merely "thought outside the box" to bring needed changes to the penitentiary. He said that prayers from his fellow Southern Baptists assured that he would receive justice in the investigations.
The district attorney for the Louisiana 20th Judicial District, Sam D'Aquilla, indicated that he would refer the case to a grand jury.
Mississippi
As of 2020 he became the head of the Mississippi Department of Corrections. Governor of Mississippi Tate Reeves chose Cain as the agency head. In June 2020 a Mississippi legislative committee approved Cain's nomination. The Mississippi Senate confirmed Cain that month.
Personal life
According to a biography by Ridgeway, Cain "enjoys hunting and traveling around the country on his motorcycle." Both he and his brother, former state senator James David Cain, are Republicans.
Cain's eldest son, Nathan "Nate" Cain, II (born April 1967), and his younger son, Marshall Arbuthnot Cain (born October 1971), of Ouachita Parish, also have had careers with the Louisiana Department of Corrections. Cain, II, had advanced to become warden of Avoyelles Correctional Center in Cottonport, a facility since named for former state Representative Raymond Laborde of Marksville. He vacated the warden's position in Cottonport on May 24, 2016. Marshall Cain is a manager of Prison Enterprises. Cain's son-in-law, Seth Henry Smith, Jr. (born January 1974), of East Feliciana Parish, also works for the corrections department, as a "confidential assistant" to one of the appointed officials.
Prior to Nate Cain's decision to resign from Avoyelles Correctional Center, his wife, the former Tonia Bandy, business manager of the prison and another top official, also stepped down. Tonia Cain's attorney cited her client's health issues as the principal reason for the resignation. Meanwhile, the state corrections department said that it had halted the construction of the "Ranch House" building at the Avoyelles prison, a structure for which some $76,000 had already been spent. Nate Cain had built an identical structure at the C. Paul Phelps Correctional Center in DeQuincy in Calcasieu Parish, where he was earlier the deputy warden.
Nate and Tonia Cain divorced in 2017, and she resumed her maiden name of Bandy. She agreed to plea bargain and admitted to some of the seventeen wire fraud charges (and an additional count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud) in hopes of getting a lighter sentence than she would have received if convicted of the crimes. The two stood accused of purchasing personal items, including television sets, furniture, and guns and ammunition, on a state credit card. As it developed, Bandy pleaded guilty to a single count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud in the federal corruption case against both her and her former husband. The government then dropped seventeen fraud charges pending against her. Sentencing was originally scheduled for October 9, 2018, with Tonia Cain facing up to twenty years in a penitentiary, though she was expected to receive a more lenient sentence. On June 17, 2019, Tonia Cain received an eight-month sentence in federal prison, while Nate Cain received a 38-month sentence in federal prison; both were also ordered to serve two years of supervised release and to pay more than $42,000 in restitution.
Representation in media
The Execution of Antonio James (1996), documentary at LSP directed by Liz Garbus and Jonathan Stack
The Farm: Angola, USA (1998), documentary directed by Garbus and Stack
The Farm: 10 Years Down (2009), documentary directed by Stack
Serving Life (2011), documentary about LSP's hospice care of inmates, a program established in 1997. It is directed by journalist Lisa R. Cohen; the narrator and executive producer is Academy Award-winning actor Forest Whitaker.
Appeared in Season 1, Episode 3 of the 2008 series: Stephen Fry in America
References
Further reading
(Opinion)
External links
Burl Cain quotes
Violence to Peace, A Conversation With Burl Cain billygraham.org (Archive)
Joel Stein. "The Lessons of Cain." Time.
1942 births
American Christians
American prison wardens
Grambling State University alumni
Living people
Louisiana Republicans
Louisiana State University of Alexandria alumni
Penal system in Louisiana
People from Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana
People from East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana
People from West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana
People from Central, Louisiana
People from Vernon Parish, Louisiana
State cabinet secretaries of Mississippi
Mississippi Republicans
may refer to:
Hitotsubashi, Chiyoda, a place in Chiyoda, Tokyo
Hitotsubashi Group, a publishing keiretsu
Hitotsubashi University
Hitotsubashi-Tokugawa, a branch of the Tokugawa Clan
Hitotsubashi Yoshinobu (Keiki), the last shōgun
Violet Lydia Thompson (7 December 1862 – 25 October 1919), known professionally as Violet Cameron, was an English actress and singer who gained fame in Robert Planquette's operettas Les cloches de Corneville and Rip Van Winkle, and Francis Chassaigne's opéra bouffe Falka, and notoriety for her affair with Hugh Lowther, 5th Earl of Lonsdale.
Biography
Cameron was born in London in 1862 to Mary Josephine (née Brougham) and William Melfington Thompson, a linen merchant. Her "aunt" was the Victorian burlesque actress and dancer Lydia Thompson.
She made her stage début in 1871 at the age of 9 in the part of Karl in Boucicault's Faust and Marguerite. She also appeared as a child in the Drury Lane Theatre's Christmas pantomimes. She also played at the Adelphi Theatre and the Globe. In 1876 she created the role of Joconde at the Criterion Theatre in H. B. Farnie's burlesque Piff Paff and soon played Perdita in A Winter's Tale in Liverpool. Later in the year, she was engaged at the Folly Theatre, where she appeared in burlesque and opéra bouffe productions, including Polly in Farnie's burlesque of Robinson Crusoe, Pearlina in an adaptation of Charles Lecocq called Sea Nymphs, Antoinette in Farnie and Robert Reece's adaptation of Jacques Offenbach's La créole. Her greatest success at the Folly came in 1878 as Germaine in the long-running British premiere of Robert Planquette's Les cloches de Corneville.
Cameron then moved to the Strand Theatre, where she appeared in Farnie's burlesque, Nemesis and then played Suzanne in his translation of Offenbach's Madame Favart (1879). In 1881, she moved to Alexander Henderson's Comedy Theatre, where she sang the title role in Edmond Audran's The Mascot and had another great success in 1882 as Gretchen in Planquette's Rip Van Winkle. In 1883, she sang the title roles in Von Suppé's Boccaccio and Chassaigne's Falka. This was followed by other light operas at the Comedy. In 1885, she was engaged at the Avenue Theatre, where she played the lead in Bad Boys, an adaptation of the French piece Clara Soleil, and created the role of Dudley in Reece and Farnie's Kenilworth. The following year, she created the title role in Farnie's burlesque of Lurline.
In September 1884 she married the Moroccan tea taster David de Bensaude with whom she had one child. In 1886 Cameron and Bensaude were befriended by Hugh Lowther, the Earl of Lonsdale, who offered to fund their plan to take their theatre company to the United States. Bensaude soon became jealous, and Cameron filed for a legal separation, on grounds of cruelty, while Bensaude counter-filed for divorce on grounds of adultery. The affair became a sensation and scandal in the press, including the American press during the 1886 American tour. In 1887 Cameron gave birth to Lonsdale's child, and the two had a second daughter. In the same year she played Dolly in a revival of Cellier's The Sultan of Mocha at the Strand Theatre.
In 1893, Cameron played Ethel Sportington in the musical comedy Morocco Bound. Cameron continued to perform until 1903. Her last role was the Mother Superior in the Edwardian musical comedy The School Girl.
After a short illness she died in Worthing in Sussex on 25 October 1919 and is buried at Broadwater cemetery, Worthing.
References
External links
Photos of Cameron at the National Portrait Gallery
Obituary in The New York Times
1882 profile of Cameron by Clement Scott
1862 births
1919 deaths
English child actresses
English stage actresses
British burlesque performers
19th-century English actresses
Eilema flexistriata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
flexistriata
Tempa may refer to:
Tempa, British record label
Places
Tempa, West Virginia, unincorporated community in Summers County, West Virginia, United States
Tempa, Nepal, village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal
Tempa, Estonia, village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County, Estonia
People
Tempa Ndah (born 1973), Beninese football referee
Tempa Tsering (born 1950), Tibetan politician
See also
Tampa (disambiguation)
Lawrenceport is an unincorporated community in Bono Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Lawrenceport was platted in 1837. It was named in honor of Josiah Lawrence, owner of land near the town site. A post office was established at Lawrenceport in 1851, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1859.
Geography
Lawrenceport is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
1837 establishments in Indiana
Luther Henry Caldwell House is a historic home located at Lumberton, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built between 1893 and 1903, and is a large two-story, eclectic Queen Anne style frame dwelling. It features a double tier wraparound porch with an octagonal pavilion and decorative woodwork on the porches, bayed gable end projections, and gable fronts. It was the home of Luther Henry Caldwell, an important business and social leader in Lumberton.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Queen Anne architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1903
Houses in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
Epichloë mollis is a haploid sexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 1982, Epichloë mollis is a sister lineage to Epichloë amarillans, Epichloë baconii, Epichloë festucae and Epichloë stromatolonga.
Epichloë mollis is found in Europe, where it has been identified in the grass species Holcus mollis.
References
mollis
Fungi described in 1982
Fungi of Europe
Sir Frank Kenyon Roberts (27 October 1907 – 7 January 1998) was a British diplomat. He played a key role in British diplomacy in the early years of the Cold War, and in developing Anglo-German relations in the 1960s.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, he was educated at Bedales School, Rugby School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1930 with first-class honours in history. He entered the Foreign Office in 1930, having been first-placed in the entrance examination.
His first overseas posting was to Paris, followed by Cairo where he married Celeste Leila Beatrix "Cella" Shoucair (died 1990). Roberts returned to London in 1937 to work in the central department of the Foreign Office, where, as a still relatively junior official, he was involved in much of the diplomacy with Nazi Germany in the lead-up to World War II. When war broke out, he was British joint secretary of the Anglo French Supreme War Council (SWC) from 1939 to 1940, and acted as interpreter during the third meeting of the SWC which took place at 10 Downing Street on 17 November 1939.
He was based in London until January 1945, when he was posted to Moscow, serving as an advisor to Winston Churchill at the Yalta conference and as British minister to the Soviet Union until 1947. With the United States Deputy Chief of Mission, George Kennan, he developed the analysis of Soviet foreign policy which formed the basis of the British and American policy of containment. He returned to London in 1947 as private secretary to Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin, where he was involved in the negotiations with the Russians and the Americans over the Berlin airlift in 1947 and 1948. He was then Deputy High Commissioner to India from 1949 to 1951 and Deputy-Under Secretary of State at the Foreign Office from 1951 to 1954. In the latter year, he was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Yugoslavia, a post he held until 1957, when he became British Permanent Representative on the North Atlantic Council to 1960.
He was Ambassador to the USSR from 1960 to 1962, and Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany) from 1963 to 1968. He was awarded a CMG in 1946, knighted in 1956, advanced to GCMG in 1963, and made GCVO in 1965.
Roberts was a hard-working and skilful negotiator, well-informed, and skilled in finding a way through difficulties. He won the confidence of the many ministers he served, including Churchill, Ernest Bevin, Anthony Eden, Harold Macmillan, Rab Butler, Edward Heath, Harold Wilson, Michael Stewart, and George Brown. He also developed a good relationship with the foreign leaders he dealt with, including Joseph Stalin, Josip Broz Tito, Konrad Adenauer, Willy Brandt, and Helmut Schmidt. However, his role in the development of a close relationship between Britain and Germany did not lead to stronger German support for British membership of the European Economic Community.
He and his wife had no children. He maintained good health in his lengthy retirement, serving as a member of the Duncan committee on overseas representation in 1969, president of the British Atlantic Committee and of the European Atlantic Group, on the council of Chatham House. His main interest remained with Germany: he was president of the German chamber of commerce and industry in the UK, chairman of the steering committee of the Königswinter conference, Member of the Board of Governors of the European Institute for the Media and a founder member of the young Königswinter conference. He also accepted non-executive directorships of German and British companies, including Mercedes-Benz and Unilever (for which his father had worked in Buenos Aires).
After his wife's death in 1990, he published in 1991 his memoirs, Dealing with Dictators, which she had helped him to write. In the 1990s, he became known as television commentator on the history of the 1940s and 1950s. He died in Kensington, London on 7 January 1998.
Publications
References
Sir Frank Kenyon Roberts in the Dictionary of National Biography
1995 CNN interview
External links
The Papers of Sir Frank Roberts at the Churchill Archives Centre, Cambridge
Interview with Sir Frank Kenyon Roberts & transcript, British Diplomatic Oral History Programme, Churchill College, Cambridge, 1996
1907 births
1998 deaths
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Yugoslavia
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
People educated at Rugby School
People educated at Bedales School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to the Soviet Union
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to West Germany
Principal Private Secretaries to the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs
Members of HM Diplomatic Service
Council and directors of Chatham House
20th-century British diplomats
Permanent Representatives of the United Kingdom to NATO
is a tokusatsu television series made by Ishinomori Productions and Toei. The series consisted of 34 episodes and was produced with Nippon Television. It aired in Japan from January 10, 1985 until September 26, 1985.
Songs
Opening theme
Lyrics:
Composition:
Arrangement:
Artist:
Ending theme
Lyrics:
Composition:
Arrangement:
Artist:
Insert songs
Lyrics:
Composition:
Arrangement:
Artist:
Lyrics:
Composition:
Arrangement:
Artist:
Shotaro Ishinomori
Toei tokusatsu
1985 Japanese television series debuts
1985 Japanese television series endings
Nippon TV original programming
The term mambises refers to the guerrilla Cuban independence soldiers who fought against Spain in the Ten Years' War (1868–78) and Cuban War of Independence (1895–98). The term is found applied in different history texts to any person who fought for independence during the wars of independence including soldiers of Chinese, American, African, and Spanish origin.
Origin of the term
According to the noted Cuban Historian Carlos Márques Sterling, the word "Mambí" is of Afro-Antillan origin and was applied to revolutionaries from Cuba and Santo Domingo (now Dominican Republic) in the 19th Century. According to the fiction writer Elmore Leonard, in his adventure novel Cuba Libre, the word Mambí comes from Eutimio Mambí, a leader who fought the Spaniards in Santo Domingo 50 years previously.
The surviving Spanish soldiers, who had been fighting in Santo Domingo, were then sent to Cuba once the Ten Years' War broke out in 1868. These soldiers, noting the similar tactics and machetes use by the Cuban independence fighters as by the original “men of Mamby”, began calling the Cuban independence fighters mambises. Though this was meant as a racial and derogatory slur towards the Cuban rebels, the Cubans accepted and started using the name with pride.
Other sources cite the term to be of Congo origin or, as stated by Esteban Montejo in Biography of a Runaway Slave, mambí refers to the child of a monkey crossed with a buzzard.
Background
The mambí soldiers made up most of the National Army of Liberation and were the key soldiers responsible for the success of the Cuban liberation wars. They consisted of Cubans from all social classes including free black people, slaves, and mulattos. It is thought that about 92-95% of the black population fought as mambises in both the Ten Years' War and War of Independence. During the Ten Years' War the slaves were promised their freedom if they assisted the Creoles in the fight against the Spanish. The freeing of slaves to help fight was started by Carlos Manuel de Céspedes. At the end of the war, even though independence from Spain was not achieved, Spain agreed to honor the freeing of the slaves who had fought against them.
The mambí forces were made up of volunteers who mostly had no military training and banded together in loose groups who acted independently to attack the Spanish troops during the Ten Years' War. Even with these limitations, the mambises made up for it with their cunning, fierceness, and bravery. It is estimated that 8,000 poorly armed and underfed mambises inflicted close to 20,000 casualties on the well-trained Spanish soldiers during the Ten Years' War.
Similarly, by the end of the War of Independence the National Army of Liberation numbered nearly 50,000 of which only about 25,000 were armed. The leaders, having learnt from previous mistakes, had organized the army into “6 corps with 14 divisions, 34 brigades, 50 regiments of infantry and 34 cavalry.” Even though, once again, they were limited on resources, their bravery and cunning made it possible to inflicting 71,000 casualties* out of the 250,000 Spanish troops sent to the island.
Total number of Spanish casualties lost during conflict. Number lost due to yellow fever and other diseases vs. combat is not known.
Women
Mambí independence fighters were not limited to men. During the War of Independence, Spanish general General Valeriano Weyler Nicolau instigated the infamous "Reconcentración" which forcefully moved rural inhabitants into the cities in makeshift concentration camps. Conditions in these camps resulted in mass starvation, disease, and large numbers of deaths of the Cuban population. The prospect of these conditions pushed many families, including the women and children, into joining the fight for freedom.
During the War of Independence women served in typical roles as nurses and cooks but are also recorded as partaking in the fighting while some went so far as to be officers in the military. Though it did probably occur, there is no documented history of women taking part in the fighting during the Ten Years' War.
The best known mambí woman is Mariana Grajales Coello, who was Antonio Maceo Grajales's mother. Mariana and all of her sons participated in all three of the wars of independence. She was often known to go into battles to aid wounded soldiers from both sides. In the camps, Mariana ran the hospitals and was responsible for supplies. She has been upheld as the epitome of the self-sacrificing nationalistic Cuban woman.
Weapons
Prior to the Ten Years' War, private ownership of weapons was allowed but, considering that at this time many of the black were still slaves, most of the men who became mambises did not have firearms. Following the war, Spain prohibited ownership of firearms in an effort to prevent another uprising. In both cases, the lack of firearms forced the mambises into using what they had: machetes and sometimes horses.
At the start of the Ten Years War Máximo Gómez, who had been a cavalry officer in the Spanish Army, taught the men the "machete charge". This became the mambises' most useful and feared tactic in both wars. These methods resulted in Guerrilla type warfare that favored them due to the element of surprise and their knowledge of the terrain and environment.
Knowing additional weapons were needed, numerous attempts were made to procure arms from outside the country. Approximately 45 attempts were made to bring weapons and supplies in from outside the country. Of these, only one attempt is known to have succeeded while the rest were seized by the United States or Spain. Despite this interference, and having only originally started with a small number of weapons, the mambises were able to build up a significant arsenal by conducting raids on the Spanish troops and strongholds.
Notable Mambises
Antonio Maceo Grajales: Is considered one of the greatest mambises and military commanders of the National Army of Liberation for both wars of independence. The Mambí Army was led by Antonio Maceo, the Bronze Titan, until his death on December 7, 1895.
Quentin Bandera: Was a black military officer under Maceo. He played key role in leading of the Mambí Army after the death of Antonio Maceo. Bandera continued the struggle for freedom and independence of Cuba during the United States occupation.
Henry Reeve: An American, who upon hearing about the revolution, traveled to Cuba to help. He moved through the ranks, became a Brigadier General, and was instrumental in the success of many battles. Reeve spent most of his time fighting alongside the mambises and has been bestowed the honor of being called a mambí.
Carlos Manuel de Céspedes: Though not considered a mambí, Cespedes was a Cuban planter who freed his slaves and made the declaration of Cuban independence in 1868, which started the Ten Years' War. His actions helped bring the black slaves into the war who then became the mambises.
1959 Revolution/Comandos Mambises
The Comandos Mambises were a secret group operating after the Cuban Revolution who were named after the fighters of the Cuban War of Independence.
Contemporary reference to Mambises
To this day, Cubans hold the mambises in extremely high regard as an important piece of their cultural history as well as the ideal example of people who live up to contemporary Revolutionary ideals. Many political speeches in Cuba refer to the mambises as the source of their freedom based on how they represent noble self-sacrifice for the fatherland, a fierce determination to be recognized as sovereign citizens, and fighting for freedom and independence regardless of the odds and the sacrifices. With no training, no pay, few weapons, little food, and small numbers, the mambises gained their independence against all odds.
A Gasparilla Krewe in Tampa, Florida is named the "Krewe of Mambi" to honor the intertwined history of Tampa and Cuba.
In film
Elpidio Valdés: is a notable cartoon character within Cuban culture in comics, television, and movies . Created in 1970, he is portrayed as a mambí colonel, fighting for the liberation of Cuba from the Spanish. Elpidio Valdés is used as a role model for the children because he represents an authentic expression of the ideal character of Cuban nationality
Several films have been made in Cuba, both before and after the 1959 Revolution, that portray the national significance of the mambises. These cinemas have been used to create a sense of Cuban national identity. One such film, El Capitán Mambí y Libertadores o guerrilleros, which was made before the Revolution, was funded by the government and had all of the troops, horses, and weapons for the film supplied by the military.
Jose Gomez-Rivera superhero graphic novel entitled “ Captain Mambise “ is an anti-Castro story using Cuban and African mythology to develop a story depicting a hero who gets his powers from Cuban heroes and Lukumi Orishas against Castro and his supernatural allies.
Notes
References
"A secret war: The clandestine campaign waged by the Kennedy Administration and the CIA against Fidel Castro in the years that followed the Bay of Pigs invasion rivaled open warfare in time, effort and money spent," by Don Bohning, in the Miami Herald:
"Guide to the Rafael Martínez Pupo Papers Relating to Comandos Mambises" from the University of Florida Libraries
Moreno Fraginals, Manuel, "Cuba-España, España-Cuba Historia común". Grijalbo Mondadori. Barcelona, 1995 .
Emilio de Diego García, Weyler, de la leyenda a la Historia. Fundación Cánovas del Castillo, Madrid, 1998.
Gabriel Cardona y JuanCarlos Losada, "Weyler, nuestro hombre en La Habana" . Planeta, Barcelona, Segunda edición 1988.
Perinat Mazeres,Santiago, "Las Guerras Mambisas".Ediciones Carena,Barcelona,2002.
Spanish colonial period of Cuba
Sanananda is a village on the coast of Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.
History
Sanananda was occupied by the Imperial Japanese in 1942 during World War II and became a heavily fortified defensive area. It was liberated by the Australian Army and US Army on 18 January 1943 during the Battle of Buna-Gona.
References
Pacific War Wrecks
Sanananda
Populated places in Oro Province
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1967 season.
Overview
It was contested by 5 teams, and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Czarna Woda is a river of Poland, a tributary of the Kaczawa, which it meets in Legnica. The Czarna Woda is 48km long. It flows through Lower Silesian Voivodeship and has
water falls in Legnica. The river also flows through marshes at Wierzbowskie taking a westerly direction from the village of Wierzbowa. The river flows through Legnica District. Its main tributaries are the Skora and Siekierna Rivers.
Towns on the river include Wierzbowa, Rokitki, Grzymalin, Bukowna, Rzeszotary and Legnica.
References
Rivers of Poland
Rivers of Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Daniel Baldacin (born 6 May 1977) is a Brazilian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Handball players from São Paulo
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
The 2012 Bryant Bulldogs football team represented Bryant University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by ninth year head coach Marty Fine and played their home games at Bulldog Stadium. They are a member of the Northeast Conference. They finished the season 4–7, 4–4 in Northeast Conference play to finish in a tie for fourth place.
Schedule
Source: Schedule
References
Bryant
Bryant Bulldogs football seasons
Bryant Bulldogs football
Inda Sillasie is a river of northern Ethiopia. It originates at the confluence of May Zegzeg and May Be'ati Rivers in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien (1970 metres above sea level), and flows southward to Giba River which empties finally in the Tekezé River. Along its couse, it first takes the name Rubaksa River, then Dabba Hadera River, and finally Inda Sillasie River.
Hydrography
It is a confined river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with a slope gradient of 26 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Tributaries
Main tributaries are
May Zegzeg
May Harena
May Sho'ate
May Be'ati River
Hydrology
Hydrological characteristics
The runoff footprint or annual total runoff volume is 13 million m³.
Peak discharges up to 172 m³ per second occur in the second part of the rainy season (month of August) when there are strong rains and the soils are saturated with water in many places.
The percentage of total rainfall that directly leaves the catchment as storm runoff (also called runoff coefficient) is 9%. As limestone is present in 28% of the catchment this runoff coefficient is less than that of adjacent rivers.
The total amount of sediment that is transported by this river amounts to 59,200 tonnes per year. Median sediment concentration in the river water is 1.57 grammes per litre, but may go up to 106 g/L. The highest sediment concentrations occur at the beginning of the rainy season, when loose soil and dust is washed away by overland flow and ends up in the river.
As such water contains many nutrients (locally it is called “aygi”), farmers estimate that it strengthens their cattle, which they will bring to the river. All in all, average sediment yield is 733 tonnes per km² and per year. All measurements were done at a purposively installed station near the mouth of the river, in the year 2006.
Flash floods
Runoff mostly occurs in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow. These flash floods mostly occur during the evening or night, because the convective rain showers occur in the afternoon.
Changes over time
Evidence given by Italian aerial photographs of the catchment, taken in the 1930s show that 55% of the catchment was covered with woody vegetation (against 35% in 2014).
Up to the 1980s, there was strong pressure on the environment, and much vegetation disappeared. This river had its greatest discharges and width in that period.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased in recent years due to interventions in the catchment. At Addi Meles, Kidmi Gestet, May Hib'o, Gemgema, May Be'ati and on other steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
May Zegzeg Integrated Catchment Management Project
As part of outreach accompanying research in Dogu'a Tembien, the May Zegzeg Integrated Catchment Management Project was set up in 2004 in the catchment of the May Zegzeg River by researchers in cooperation with ADCS, a local NGO. The project included the implementation of conservation techniques to increase water infiltration and conserve the soil. The objective of the second phase of this project was to improve the livelihood of the communities of the Inda Sillasie catchment, as well as to demonstrate and promote global catchment management in the district. The results of the implementation of site-specific conservation techniques aimed at increasing water infiltration and conserving soil were particularly monitored in the headwaters at May Sho'ate: dry masonry stone bunds, check dams in gullies, and the set-aside of degraded rangelands which resulted in exclosures.
Irrigated agriculture
Besides springs and reservoirs, irrigation is strongly dependent on the river's baseflow. Such irrigated agriculture is important in meeting the demands for food security and poverty reduction. Irrigated lands are established in the narrow alluvial plains along the river in Rubaksa, and additional gardens have been installed in the lower gorge through the May Zegzeg project.
Remarkable springs along the river
There are three large karstic resurgences in the Antalo Limestone along this river:
Rubaksa, spring water mainly used as irrigation water
Dabba Hadera monastery, pilgrim destination
Inda Sillasie monastery and “holy water”
Transhumance towards the river gorge
Valley bottoms in the gorges of this river have been identified as a transhumance destination zone.
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Phonolite plugs
Upper basalt
Interbedded lacustrine deposits
Lower basalt
Amba Aradam Formation
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Adigrat Sandstone
Natural boundary
During its course, this river passes through three municipalities: Mika'el Abiy, Inda Sillasie and Amanit. Over most of its length, it constitutes the border between the latter two.
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files.
Trek 10, along the middle and lower course of the river
Trek 12, along the upper course of the river
Trek 16, across the river in Rubaksa village
In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed. Frequently, it is then also impossible to wade across the river.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Azteca brevis is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Auguste-Henri Forel in 1899, the species is endemic to Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of North America
Insects described in 1899
Nosov (, from нос meaning nose) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Nosova. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksandr Nosov (born 1995), Russian football forward
Maksim Nosov (born 1976), Russian football player
Nikolay Nosov (1908–1976), Soviet children's literature writer
Tamara Nosova (1927–2007), Russian actress
Victor Nosov (disambiguation)
Viktor Nosov (pilot) (1923–1945), Soviet World War II hero
Viktor Nosov (footballer), Soviet footballer and coach from Ukraine
Vitaly Nosov (born 1968), Russian basketball player
Yevgeni Nosov (writer) (1925–2002), Russian writer
Yuliya Pechonkina (born Nosova in 1978), Russian sprinter
Russian-language surnames
2010 Fagiano Okayama season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Fagiano Okayama
Fagiano Okayama seasons
The Mugen MF308 is a naturally aspirated, gasoline-powered, , V8 racing engine, designed, developed, and built by Mugen Motorsports, for Formula 3000 racing categories, between 1988 and 2005. It produced between over its lifetime. It famously powered Jean Alesi to the 1989 International Formula 3000 Championship, with Eddie Jordan Racing.
Performance / main specifications
Model: V-type 8-cylinder, 4-valve DOHC, naturally aspirated
Displacement:
Bank angle: 90 degrees
Bore x Stroke: x
Maximum output: > 460 hp @ 8,500rpm
Maximum torque: @ 7,500 rpm
History
Background
In 1983, Honda signed a joint development contract with British racing engine builder Engine Development ( Judd ) for a V8 2.65L turbo engine for indie cars at the time. This was born from the idea that adding two cylinders to a V6 2.0L engine for F2 would make it 2.65L.
In 1985, the engine for Indy was completed, but Honda handed over all rights to the engine to Judd instead of terminating the contract with Judd because he concentrated on F1 activities and "no participation in IndyCar". This completed engine is "Jud AV". However, this story is not over, and Honda plans to make it for the F3000 by remodeling this engine. As a result, a joint development contract for the F3000 engine will be signed with Judd. As a result, the "Jud BV" was born, which increased the stroke of the "Jud AV" to 3.0L.
In 1986, the "Judd BV", renamed the "Honda RA386E", was mounted on a Ralt chassis and made its debut at the International F3000 Championship.
In 1987, the "Judd BV" sent to Japan was tuned at Honda R & D (Wako) and supplied to the Japan F2 Championship as the "Honda RA387E".
Birth of the MF308
During the Japan F2 Championship, Honda, which had overwhelmed Hart and BMW engines, limited the engine supply quota to a small number. On the other hand, Yamaha supplied the engine to all those who wanted it, so Honda was sometimes criticized. In response to the shift of the Japan Championship from F2 to F3000 from the reflection at this time, "Honda RA387E" is entrusted to "I want to aim for Cosworth in Japan" infinitely. Although it had undergone design changes on the assumption that it would be supplied to many users, the "MUGEN MF308", which had almost the same specifications as the RA387E, was born.
In 1988, supply to the Japan F3000 Championship began, and Kazuyoshi Hoshino's drive made his debut win in the opening round. This year's record was 5 wins out of 8 races.
It was also supplied to the International F3000 Championship from 1989 and became the champion engine by Jean Alesi of EJR.
In the international F3000, DAMS's Eric Comas won the championship in 1990, and eight of the top 10 rankings used the MF308 engine. In 1991, Christian Fittipaldi was made the champion. Withdraw from International F3000 at the end of the 1992 season.
Until the retirement of the MF308
The MF308, which started supply in 1988, will be delivered to each team by domestic engine tuners such as Tomei Engine and Ogawa Motor. Maintenance and tuning were also performed for each tuner. Infinite himself also participated as a tuner for advanced development. In 1988, he competed with the "Cosworth Yamaha OX77" and in 1989 with the " Ford Cosworth DFV Engine " (both Ken Matsuura Racing Service Tune). It will be supplied to the international F3000 after its domestic debut but withdrew after the introduction of the one-make system in 1996 and the adoption of "Judd KV" (supplied by Zytec).
In the Japan F3000, the DFV of Ken Matsuura Racing Service took the position of the champion engine in 1991 and 1993.
In 1996, the Japan F3000 Championship has renamed the Japan Championship Formula Nippon. From this year, Ken Matsuura Racing Service will start delivering the MF308.
From 1998, it will be a de facto one-make.
In 2005, the supply to Formula Nippon was discontinued because the mold of the cylinder block was exhausted so much that it might be difficult to supply it for a long time in the future. The total results of All Japan F3000-Formula Nippon are 172 races and 161 wins.
During this time, MUGEN itself and each tuner have been constantly improving, MUGEN has developed and tested the parts related to basic performance, and the others have been improved for each tuner. Some of them have a short stroke with a bore of 88mm and are used until the final race. Finally, the maximum output was increased to about 500PS and the maximum torque was increased to about . Others that have been stored are trials such as the variable pipe length air supply system and the butterfly throttle, which are prohibited by the rules. During the period when MUGEN was doing F1 activities, advanced development using MF308 was also done.
Features of the MF308=
The MF308 adopted a method of operating the intake/exhaust valve via the rocker arm while using DOHC. Normally, the mainstream of DOHC engines is "direct push" where the camshaft pushes the valve directly, and it can be said that the MF308 is extremely rare as a racing engine. Since the rocker arm can determine the valve lift amount regardless of the camshaft profile, it seems that the F3000 regulation, which limits the number of revolutions to 9,000 rpm, was rather convenient. However, on the other hand, considering that the cylinder head becomes large and the structure supports the latter half of the body of the formula car, the rigidity tends to be insufficient.
References
Super Formula
V8 engines
Gasoline engines by model
Engines by model
Honda engines
"Love Song" is M-Flo's twenty-second single under Rhythm Zone. It contains 2 new songs for their next 2007 album, Cosmicolor, a remix of "Lotta Love", and instrumentals. It was released on November 8, 2006. First pressings of the single will include CD-Extra footage of a live "Summer Time Love" performance.
"Love Song" is Bonnie Pink's twenty-sixth single.
Track listing
M-Flo Loves Bonnie Pink – "Love Song" (M-Flo, Bonnie Pink) – 5:44
M-Flo Loves Doping Panda – "She Loves the Cream" (M-Flo, Yutaka Furukawa) – 6:45
M-Flo Loves Minmi – "Lotta Love: Yasutaka Nakata Capsule Mix" (M-Flo, Minmi) – 7:09
M-Flo Loves Bonnie Pink – "Love Song: Instrumental" (M-Flo, Bonnie Pink) – 5:44
M-Flo Loves Doping Panda – "She Loves the Cream: Instrumental" (M-Flo, Yutaka Furukawa) – 6:45
Charts
2006 singles
2006 songs
M-Flo songs
Songs written by Verbal (rapper)
Songs written by Taku Takahashi
The National Olympic Committee of Zambia (IOC code: ZAM) is the National Olympic Committee representing Zambia. It was created in 1951 as the National Olympic Committee of Northern Rhodesia and recognised by the IOC in 1963.
Zambia made its debut at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. Previously, it competed as Northern Rhodesia in 1964 (changing its name on the day of the closing ceremony) and under the banner of Rhodesia in 1960.
Since 2010, the Committee, in conjunction with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and the Government of Zambia have operated an Olympic Youth Development Center (OYDC) in Lusaka, Zambia. The center was opened as a pilot project by the IOC and is open to all youth in the country.
Presidents of Committee
present – Mr. Alfred Foloko
predecessor – Ms. Miriam Moyo
Vice Presidents of Committee
present – Ms. Hazel Kennedy
Executive Board 2017-2021
President – Mr. Alfred Foloko
Vice President – Ms. Hazel Kennedy
Secretary-General – Mr. Boniface Kambikambi
Treasurer – Mr. Victor Banda
Members – Mr. Guy Phiri, Mr. Dickson Jere, Mrs. Susanna Dakik, Ms. Suwilanji Mpondela
Secretariat Staff
As of 2021
The National Olympic Committee of Zambia (NOCZ) Secretariat is located at OlympAfrica Centre Stand Number 27007 New Kasangula Road Lusaka.
Currently, NOC Zambia employs eight full-time employees.
Gloria Makungu – Administration Officer
Chaelelwa Kazika – Accounts Manager
Chipo Mulenga – Programmes Officer
Tinyiko Lucert Kamanga – Programmes Officer: Olympafrica Centre
Prudence Nswana – Safe Sport Officer
Felix Munyika – Communications and Marketing Officer
Francis Mwansa – Office Assistant
Jabess Zulu – Caretaker: Olympafrica Centre
eqUIP Intern Programme
Five students/and or recent graduates have benefitted from the Internship Programme partnership between the Commonwealth Games Foundation and NOC Zambia (Commonwealth Games Association of Zambia).
Present – Mr. Chishimba Bwalya - University of Zambia (2020-2021)
Past – Ms. Denise Cohen - Cavendish University (2019-2020)
Past – Mr. Felix Munyika - University of Zambia (2018-2019)
Past – Mr. Charles Ziwa - University of Zambia (2017-2018)
Past – Ms. Tinyiko Lucert Kamanga - Copperbelt University (2016-2017)
See also
Zambia at the Olympics
Zambia at the Commonwealth Games
References
Zambia
Zambia
Shima Mehri (born 1 January 1980 in Tehran) is an Iranian female biker. Shima Mehri is the first Iranian girl who has ridden 805 km, in 12 hours non-stop, and 1700 km, 19 hours non-stop. Also she is the first Harley-Davidson Head Road Captain Lady. Shima is a member of EMSF (Emirates Motor Sport Federation).
Biography
Shima is the oldest child of her family. She lives in Dubai and rides her Harley-Davidson as a professional biker. She is also working as a television presenter, model, translator, and maths teacher.
When she was a child, she lived in Austria. She would watch girls riding motorcycles and dream of one day being able to ride one of her own.
Professional activity
In 2008 she moved to Dubai. Right after that she got her motorcycle riding license and bought her first bike which was Harley-Davidson Sportster 803. In 2012 she had done her first riding Challenge. She road 805 km in 12 hours non-stop, and became the first Lady in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) who did such a challenge. In 2014, she got the title of Road Captain, and became the first lady in GCC to achieve such a title. In 2015 she did her second challenge, 1700 km non-stop ride in 19 hours. On 1 April 2016, she decided to achieve the title of the first lady in the world who has ridden 2500 km non-stop in 24 hours. But unfortunately because of a sandstorm after 1000 km she had a dreadful accident. She got spine fractures, but also such a dangerous accident couldn't stop her and just after 2 months she has started riding again. In May 2016 she became the first lady in the world who became as the Head Road Captain.
World Riding Tour
In 2013, Shima Mehri road in Austria and Hungary, 2000 km in 3 weeks. Also in 2014 she rode the entire Historic Route 66 in 2 weeks.
See also
List of Iranian women
References
External links
Long Distance Riders
Interview With The National Newapaper
Interview with Middle East Eye
Interview with PRI's The World
Interview with The Moto Lady
Interview with Global Voices
Interview with Oximity
Interview with T Emirates: The New York Times Style Magazine
Interview with ETC
Interview with Bloomberg Businessweek
HOG Magazine
HOG Magazine
HOG Magazine
1980 births
20th-century Iranian women
21st-century Iranian women
Living people
Long-distance motorcycle riders
Kulung (autonym: Kulu riŋ, [kulu rɪŋ]) is one of the Rai languages; it is spoken by an estimated 33,000 people. Van Driem (2001) includes Chukwa as a dialect.
Locations
Kulung in some ten villages along the upper reaches of the Huṅga or Hoṅgu River (a tributary of the Dūdhkosī), in Solukhumbu District of Sagarmāthā Zone, Nepal. The main Kulung-speaking villages are Chhemsi and Chheskam. The particular dialect of the language spoken in these two villages is considered by the Kulung to be the most original form of their language. Downstream, on both sides of the Huṅga river, in villages that are now called Luchcham, Gudel, Chocholung, Nāmluṅg, Pilmo, Bung, Chhekmā, and Sātdi, less prestigious varieties of Kulung are spoken.
Ethnologue lists the following Kulung villages.
Hongu River valley, Solukhumbu District, Sagarmatha Zone: Bung, Pelmang, Chhemsing, Chheskam, Lucham, Chachalung, Satdi, Gudel, Namlung, Sotang, and Chekma villages
Sankhuwasabha district, Kosi Zone: Mangtewa, Yaphu, and Seduwa VDCs
Bhojpur District, Kosi Zone: Phedi, Limkhim, Khartanga, and Wasepla
Phonology
Dialects of the Kulung language include Sotang (Sotaring, Sottaring), Mahakulung, Tamachhang, Pidisoi, Chhapkoa, Pelmung, Namlung, and Khambu. Kulung distinguishes among eight vowels and 11 diphthongs. There are three series of stops: dorso-velar, dental, and labial, each series having an unaspirated voiceless, aspirated voiceless, and unaspirated voiced variant. There are three voiced nasals, four approximants, one vibrant, one fricative, and three affricates.
Vowels
Kulung has six short vowels and six long vowels:
Front and central vowels are unrounded, whereas back vowels are rounded.
Consonants
Nominal morphology
To the nominal categories belong the following parts of speech: nouns, adjectives, pronouns and numerals. There are unambiguous morphological criteria for distinguishing between nouns and verbs. Whereas nouns can be marked for case and number, finite verbs are marked for person, number, and tense. There is no grammatical gender in Kulung.
Personal pronouns
The ten Kulung personal pronouns have three number distinctions (singular, dual, and plural) and three person distinctions (first person, second person and third person) as well as an inclusive/exclusive distinction. There are no gender distinctions.
Cases
Kulung has thirteen cases. Case endings are attached to nouns with or without the non-singular suffix. Allomorphy of case endings depends on whether the noun ends in a vowel or consonant. Below the case endings of the noun lam 'road' are presented.
Verbal morphology
The Kulung verb is characterised by a system of complex pronominalisation, in which paradigmatic stem alternation is found. Personal endings consist of morphemes expressing notions like tense, agent, patient, number, and exclusivity. Depending on the number of verbal stems and their position in the verbal paradigm, every verb in Kulung belongs to a certain conjugation type. Complete conjugations of verbs belonging to the different conjugation types are presented in the second appendix. Like in other Kiranti languages, compound verbs are found in Kulung. These compound verbs consist of a verb stem and an auxiliary that adds semantic notions to the main verb. Other verbal constructions found in Kulung are a gerund, imperative, supine and an infinitive.
References
Bibliography
External links
WALS - Kulung
Himalayan Languages Project
Kiranti languages
Kulung
Nikiforov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Nikiforova. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksey Nikiforov (born 1957), Lithuanian ice hockey player
Evgeni Nikiforov (born 1993), Russian ice hockey forward
Galin Nikiforov (born 1968), Bulgarian writer
Ilya Nikiforov (born 1970), Russian lawyer
Maria Nikiforova (1885–1919), Ukrainian partisan leader
Nikolay Nikiforov (born 1982), Russian politician
Oleksandr Nikiforov (born 1967), Ukrainian football player
Pyotr Nikiforov (1882–1974), Russian revolutionary
Victor Nikiforov, fictional figure skater from the anime Yuri!!! on Ice
Viktor Nikiforov (1931–1989), Soviet ice hockey player
Vladislav Nikiforov (born 1989), Russian football player
Vyacheslav Nikiforov (born 1966), Russian football player
Yuriy Nikiforov (born 1970), Ukrainian-Russian football coach and a former player
Russian-language surnames
James Dyce Nicol (13 August 1805 – 16 November 1872) was a Scottish businessman, and then a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1872.
Nicol was the son of W. Nicol M.D. of Stonehaven and his wife Margaret Dyce daughter of J. Dyce of Aberdeen. He was educated at the University of Glasgow. He was a partner in the firm of Messrs. W. Nichol and Co. of Bombay, where he lived for many years until he retired in 1844, and then a director of the Borneo Company Limited from its inception in 1856 until 1869. Additionally, he was a deputy lieutenant and J.P. for Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire, and a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society.
At the 1865 general election Nicol was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Kincardineshire. He held the seat until his death at the age of 67 in 1872.
Nicol married Sarah Loyd, daughter of Edward Loyd, banker of London and Manchester in 1844.
References
External links
1805 births
1872 deaths
Scottish Liberal Party MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1865–1868
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Deputy Lieutenants of Aberdeenshire
Deputy Lieutenants of Kincardineshire
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
The Indian nuthatch (Sitta castanea) is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It is found in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
This species has been split by Rasmussen and Anderton (2005) from the chestnut-bellied nuthatch. The Indian nuthatch (including the older prateri of the Eastern Ghats) is found South of the Ganges river. It is the only grey-backed, rufous-bellied nuthatch in the peninsula. Similar to the chestnut-bellied nuthatch but has a smaller bill and a frosty crown that is paler than the mantle. The wing and tail patterns lack contrast and has grey centres to the chestnut undertail coverts. Resident in the Terai and Gangetic plain extending into Central India, the Eastern Ghats, Sunderbans and a disjunct population in the Western Ghats. Breeds from February to July. Different in vocalization from the chestnut-bellied nuthatch.
References
Indian nuthatch
Indian nuthatch
Indian nuthatch
Indian nuthatch
Indian nuthatch
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ben Whittaker (born 10 October 1989) is an Australian rugby union footballer. Whittaker played for the Western Force and Melbourne Rebels in Super Rugby, and French side Biarritz.
His regular playing position is hooker. Whittaker made his Super Rugby debut during the 2009 Super 14 season against the Lions in Perth.
External links
Melbourne Rebels Player Profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1989 births
Australian rugby union players
Rugby union hookers
Western Force players
Melbourne Rebels players
Biarritz Olympique players
People educated at Barker College
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Rugby union players from Canberra
Santa Cruz de Lorica is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
Lorica was named a Pueblo Patrimonio (heritage town) of Colombia in 2010. It is the only municipality near the Caribbean coast that was selected to be part of the Red Turística de Pueblos Patrimonio original cohort.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Santa Cruz de Lorica
Santa Cruz de Lorica official website
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
Rockinghamia is a plant genus of the spurge family (Euphorbiaceae), first described as a genus in 1966. The entire genus is endemic to the State of Queensland in Australia.
Species
Rockinghamia angustifolia (Benth.) Airy Shaw
Rockinghamia brevipes Airy Shaw
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of Queensland
Endemic flora of Australia
Wendy A. Kellogg is an American psychologist and computer scientist who specializes in human-computer interaction. She founded the Social Computing Group at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center of IBM Research, and helped found the field of social computing.
Kellogg earned her Ph.D. in cognitive psychology from the University of Oregon under the supervision of Michael Posner. In 2002 Kellogg was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions to social computing and human-computer interaction (HCI) and for service to ACM". In 2008 she was elected to the CHI Academy.
References
External links
American psychologists
American women psychologists
American computer scientists
American women computer scientists
Human–computer interaction researchers
University of Oregon alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American women
Shadiyakh or Shadyakh (, presumably, a contracted form of , Shadi-Kakh means (The) Palace of Happiness) was one of the main palaces, gardens and great neighborhoods of Nishapur in the Middle Ages. It was established by Abdullah ibn Tahir al-Khurasani in the 9th century AD, becoming more important and populated after that. Some notable people like Attar of Nishapur lived there. Attar's tomb is now in that area. This palace was perhaps completely ruined in 13th century AD. Shadyakh Is now an archeological site open to tourists and it is part of the national heritage list of Iran, with the registration number of 10910.
Archaeology
Excavations began in 2000 there and continued for around 2 years: buildings (possibly a palace), skeletons, equipment and other items were discovered by archeologists.
References
Persian Wikipedia
Buildings and structures in Nishapur
Archaeological sites in Iran
Buildings and structures in Razavi Khorasan Province
Tourist attractions in Razavi Khorasan Province
Polana (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Polana on Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
Mehatpur is a village in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab. the 2011 Census of India, the population was 5,804 people across 1186 households. It is 8 km away from Nakodar on National Highway 71 (NH-71).
Geography
Mehatpur has a humid subtropical climate with cool winters and hot summers. Summers last from April to June and winters from November to February. Temperatures in the summer vary from average highs of around 45 °C to average lows of around 30 °C. Winter temperatures vary from highs of 19 °C to lows of 2 °C. The average annual rainfall is about 60 cm.
Education
The city contains 12 schools in English and Punjabi (CBSE & PSEB affiliated). Moreover, school buses are available for students for nearby villages.
Demographics
The first language of most people in the city is Punjabi. Punjabi is the official language of Mehatpur.
People from different cultures are settling here, enriching the city with new languages such as Hindi and English.
Majority of population belongs to the Sikh religion.
—— Religious Places
Baba Ram Malo Ji, Sant-Sadhar, Gurdwara - Samra Patti, Gurudwara Halti Wala Khurampur, Gurudwara Ber Sahib shahpur, Ramgarhia Mandir, Dera Garib Dasi dham, Gurudawara Shri Guru Ravidass ji in dhangara patti.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Nakodar tehsil
Trans-Golgi network vesicle protein 23 A (TVP23A) is a protein coded for the TVP23A gene, formerly known as FAM18A. TVP23A is located on chromosome 16. It is known to have human paralogs, TVP23B and TVP23C, as well as orthologs in many different species, notably yeast, mice, and chickens. The general consensus on the TVP23A protein indicate that it has some function in the late Golgi apparatus and is involved in retrograde transport from endosomes back into the Golgi apparatus. The nature of this transport is still unknown.
Gene
Locus
TVP23A is located at cytogenic band 16p13.13, on the negative strand of Chromosome 16.
Alternative Names
TVP23A stands for Trans-Golgi network Vesicle Protein 23A TVP23A, is the current name for the protein. Aliases of TVP23A include FAM18A, and rarely YDR084C.
mRNA
Isoforms
There are two known isoforms of TVP23A, variant one and variant two, with variant one being the more common variant in humans.
Protein
Structure
TVP23A is a member of the pfam superfamily containing the domain of unknown function 846 (DUF846). TVP23A has a predicted molecular weight of 24.1 kilodaltons, an isoelectric point of 6.5, and relatively high amounts of tryptophan and phenylalanine. The secondary structure of TVP23A consists primarily of alpha helices composing 4 transmembrane domains. There is not much information on the tertiary structure of TVP23A or its homologs. iTASSER was used to generate a prediction for the folding pattern of TVP23A, which supports the presence of multiple helix structures.
Expression
TVP23A is ubiquitously expressed in all human tissues. There is evidence of higher expression in the brain tissue of mice. The promoter for TVP23A is GXP_91266, spanning 1403 base pairs located on the negative strand of chromosome 16.
Function
The hypothesized function of TVP23A is a transmembrane protein involved in retrograde transport of vesicles from early endosomes into the late Golgi apparatus. TVP23A interactions with SNARE TVI1 were found to be required for retrograde transport.
Interacting Proteins
TVP23A has been found to interact with four different proteins via Yeast two hybrid arrays. Two of these proteins, YIPF1 and YIPF2, are believed to be Golgi transport proteins.
Homology
Homologous Domains
TVP23A is a DUF846 containing protein, which is homologous throughout TVP-type proteins. This domain contains the 4 transmembrane domains of TVP23A
Paralogs
TVP23A has two paralogs, TVP23B and TVP23C. TVP23B and TVP23C are 96% similar to each other, and both are located on chromosome 17. Due to the locations of these three genes, and their identities to each other, it is probable that ancestral TVP23 underwent duplication and translocation, giving rise to TVP23A on chromosome 16 and TVP23B/C on chromosome 17, which then underwent a second duplication to form TVP23B and TVP23C.
Orthologs
TVP23A has been found in all multicellular eukaryotes, including fungi. This gene has not been found in bacteria.
References
Genes
Cell biology
Proteins
The firm of James Powell and Sons, also known as Whitefriars Glass, were London-based English glassmakers, leadlighters and stained glass window manufacturers. As Whitefriars Glass, the company existed from the 17th century, but became well known as a result of the 19th-century Gothic Revival and the demand for stained glass windows.
History
Early years
In 1834 James Powell (1774–1840), then a 60-year-old London wine merchant and entrepreneur of the same family as the founder of the Scout movement, Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell, purchased the Whitefriars Glass Company, a small glasswork off Fleet Street in London, believed to have been established in 1680. Powell, and his sons Arthur and Nathanael, were newcomers to glass making, but soon acquired the necessary expertise. They experimented and developed new techniques, devoting a large part of their production to the creating of church stained glass windows. The firm acquired a large number of patents for their new ideas and became world leaders in their field, business being boosted by the building of hundreds of new churches during the Victorian era. While Powell manufactured stained glass windows, it also provided glass to other stained glass firms.
A major product of the factory was decorative quarry glass which was mass-produced by moulding and printing, rather than hand-cutting and painting. This product could be used in church windows as a cheap substitute for stained glass. It was often installed in new churches, to be later replaced by pictorial windows. Most of this quarry glass was clear, printed in black and detailed in bright yellow silver stain. Occasionally the quarries were produced in red, blue or pink glass, but these are rare. Surprisingly few entire windows of Powell quarries are to be seen in English churches, although they survive in little-seen locations such as vestries, ringing chambers and behind pipe organs. St Philip's Church, Sydney, retains a full set of Powell quarry windows, as does St Matthew's Church in Surbiton which was built in 1875 – a relatively late date for quarry windows, which may account for their survival. Powell also produced many windows in which pictorial mandorlas or roundels are set against a background of quarries.
Later Victorian period
During the latter part of the nineteenth century, the firm formed a close association with leading architects and designers such as T. G. Jackson, Edward Burne-Jones, William De Morgan and James Doyle. Whitefriars produced the glass that Philip Webb used in his designs for William Morris. The firm's production diversified in the 1850s to include domestic table glass after supplying the glassware for William Morris's Red House.
In 1875 Harry James Powell, grandson of the founder and an Oxford graduate in chemistry, joined the business. His training, which led to more scientific production and innovations such as previously unattainable colours and heat-resistant glass, for applications in science and industry, like X-ray tubes and light bulbs.
New production lines such as opalescent glass proved to be extremely successful. The firm took part in major exhibitions around the world. Designs were copied from historical Venetian and Roman glass found in European museums and art galleries. Nathanael Powell's eldest surviving son, Harry, an admirer of Ruskin, delivered numerous lectures on glass manufacture.
Between the wars
The firm's name was changed to Powell & Sons (Whitefriars) Ltd in 1919 and the growth in business demanded new premises. In 1923 the new factory was opened in Wealdstone. Despite a flourishing business, the great expense of the new factory scuttled plans to construct a village to house the workers in a style fashionable during the Arts and Crafts movement.
In the years between World War I and World War II, business and the financial situation were much improved.
Glassware trended to the colourful and heavy, and optic moulding and wheel engraving played a major part in bringing the Art Deco style to the middle and upper classes.
It was during this period that James Humphries Hogan (1883–1948), a designer with the firm, had the most impact on Powell & Sons. Hogan was apprenticed to the Powell & Sons firm at the age of fifteen, and it was the sole employer in his career. He designed extremely important windows for many cathedrals in England, and the finest of these are the two windows in the great central space of Liverpool Cathedral and the windows in St. Thomas Church, Fifth Avenue, New York City, which were fabricated between the World Wars. His influence in the area of stained glass is legendary, and his designs for tableware and serviceware, including the stemmed glassware he created specifically for the British Embassies over all the world, are without peer. He rose in the company, becoming Chief Designer in 1913, Art Director in 1928, Managing Director in 1933, and finally Chairman of the firm in 1946. In addition, Hogan traveled throughout the United States, as primary sales agent for the Powell & Sons firm. From the period between 1926 and 1928, he produced a ten-fold increase in the Powell & Sons stained glass sales in America. Unquestionably, he was a workaholic, and literally worked himself to death: returning from a long sales trip to the United States in late December 1947, he collapsed on 3 January 1948, and slipped in a coma-like state. He died on 12 January 1948, without ever regaining consciousness.
In the 1930s the firm started production of millefiori paperweights, characterised by shallow domes and wide bases. This period of prosperity ended with World War II. Glass manufacture was restricted to that aiding the war effort. By the end of the war, the company was struggling to survive.
Postwar
The Festival of Britain of 1951 helped the British economy to recover. Whitefriars was selected as an outstanding example of modern British industry. The following years saw austere and functional Scandinavian design sweeping Europe, and dominating stock purchases by major outlets such as Selfridges and Fortnum & Mason. The arrival of glass bricks which were cheap, thick slabs of coloured glass set in concrete bricks, dispensed with the need for expensive stained glass in new churches.
In 1952 the company was acquired by GH Zeal Limited who in 1962 changed the company's name back to Whitefriars Glass Ltd, specializing in freeform domestic glassware. In 1981 Caithness Glass purchased a 25 year license to use the Whitefriars name for its paperweights.
Former art student of the Royal College of Art, where he obtained a first class degree, Geoffrey Baxter was employed as a designer in 1954 by Chief Designer, William Wilson. Baxter introduced a range of textured vases in 1967.
Among the large range of new designs were included the iconic 'drunken bricklayer' vases, 'TV' vases, ' bark' vases, 'coffin' vases, and 'banjo' vases. Nicknames for other designs in the textured range include nailhead, mobile phone, bamboo, basket weave, shoulder, cello, cucumber, nuts & bolts, totem pole, sunburst, pyramid, volcano, hooped, onion, double diamond, zig zag, pinecone, bottle, traffic light, stitched cube, Greek key, mallet, chessboard, Aztec, nipple, tulip, haemorrhoid, pot belly, tapered, and chalice vases.
Baxter used found objects including bark and nails to produce moulds for soda-lime glass. The bark effect vases and others in the textured range introduced colours including willow, cinnamon and indigo, and then additional colours such as tangerine, meadow green, aubergine, pewter, ruby, lilac, sage green, aqua, gold, flint (clear) and kingfisher blue.
The coloured glass was encased in clear glass. Baxter stayed with Whitefriars Glass until production ceased in 1980. The high labour costs of handmade glass and late 1970s economic problems in the UK had made Whitefriars uncompetitive. The factory site was bulldozed. Baxter died on 22 August 1995.
Dalle de Verre and Pierre Fourmaintraux
Whitefriars was a leading producer of Dalle de verre glass in Britain. Pierre Fourmaintraux brought the technique to the country from France and while at Whitefriars designed, produced and taught the technique. He is credited with teaching leading dalle de verre artist Dom Charles Norris.
Fourmaintraux became James Powell & Sons (later Whitefriars Glass) chief designer of slab glass and abstract windows from 1956. His first dalle de verre piece for the UK was said to be two small windows for St Peter's Reigate. Whitefriars identified their glass with a small image of a hooded friar, usually in a bottom corner of the window. Fourmaintraux identified his own glass by adding his initials PF near the friar.
Archives
The firm's archives are split between several museums: the business records are held by the Museum of London, their designs are in the Archive of Art & Design at the Victoria and Albert Museum, and their cartoons (or, preparatory drawings) are at the Rakow Research Library of the Corning Museum of Glass.
In 2008 the Museum of London gifted the Rakow Library the Whitefriars Collection, consisting of 1,800 cartoons (or working drawings). The Rakow Library received a grant from the Institute of Museum and Library Services to develop an innovative methodology for preserving, digitizing, and making accessible this collection. Preservation work undertaken includes cartoons from Fourmaintraux's windows in St. Peter's Church, Lawrence Weston, Bristol, and for the War Memorial in Auckland, New Zealand.
A pen and ink and watercolour drawing for Fourmaintraux's design of an abstract dalle de verre window for the 'Golden Ball', public house, Campo Lane, Sheffield is now in the Victoria and Albert Museum, London. The museum also holds a pen and ink and watercolour drawing for 15 small stained-glass windows of abstract design for Narberth Crematorium, near Porthcawl.
Gallery
See also
British and Irish stained glass (1811–1918)
Victorian era
Gothic Revival architecture
Bibliography
Whitefriars Glass – James Powell & Sons, Wendy Evans, The Museum of London
References
External links
Whitefriars paperweights
The History of Whitefriars Glass - Andrew Lineham
British stained glass artists and manufacturers
Defunct glassmaking companies
Glassmaking companies of England
In mathematics, the Bruhat order (also called strong order or strong Bruhat order or Chevalley order or Bruhat–Chevalley order or Chevalley–Bruhat order) is a partial order on the elements of a Coxeter group, that corresponds to the inclusion order on Schubert varieties.
History
The Bruhat order on the Schubert varieties of a flag manifold or a Grassmannian was first studied by , and the analogue for more general semisimple algebraic groups was studied by . started the combinatorial study of the Bruhat order on the Weyl group, and introduced the name "Bruhat order" because of the relation to the Bruhat decomposition introduced by François Bruhat.
The left and right weak Bruhat orderings were studied by .
Definition
If (W, S) is a Coxeter system with generators S, then the Bruhat order is a partial order on the group W. Recall that a reduced word for an element w of W is a minimal length expression of w as a product of elements of S, and the length ℓ(w) of w is the length of a reduced word.
The (strong) Bruhat order is defined by u ≤ v if some substring of some (or every) reduced word for v is a reduced word for u. (Note that here a substring is not necessarily a consecutive substring.)
The weak left (Bruhat) order is defined by u ≤L v if some final substring of some reduced word for v is a reduced word for u.
The weak right (Bruhat) order is defined by u ≤R v if some initial substring of some reduced word for v is a reduced word for u.
For more on the weak orders, see the article weak order of permutations.
Bruhat graph
The Bruhat graph is a directed graph related to the (strong) Bruhat order. The vertex set is the set of elements of the Coxeter group and the edge set consists of directed edges (u, v) whenever u = tv for some reflection t and ℓ(u) < ℓ(v). One may view the graph as an edge-labeled directed graph with edge labels coming from the set of reflections. (One could also define the Bruhat graph using multiplication on the right; as graphs, the resulting objects are isomorphic, but the edge labelings are different.)
The strong Bruhat order on the symmetric group (permutations) has Möbius function given by ,
and thus this poset is Eulerian, meaning its Möbius function is produced by the rank function on the poset.
See also
Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomial
References
Coxeter groups
Order theory
Joe Newland is an American politician and farmer currently serving as a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 13th House District. He serves as the vice chair of the Kansas House Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources Budget.
Newland was selected by Republican precinct committee members in July 2019 to fill the vacancy in the House of Representatives caused by the resignation of former Rep. Larry Hibbard. He was sworn in on August 12, 2019, and was reelected in 2020.
Newland and his wife are farmers in Neodesha, Kansas. He is a former member of the Kansas Farm Bureau board of directors.
References
Living people
Kansas Republicans
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Farmers from Kansas
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American politicians
Häcklingen is a village in the municipality of Lüneburg, about 6 km from the town centre. Formerly an independent municipality, it is part of the town Lüneburg since 1974. It has an area of and is bordered to the west by Rettmer. To the north it is separated from the district of Bockelsberg by a small wood, to the east it is bordered by Uelzener Straße (the old B 4 highway). The next the nearest village to the south is Melbeck.
Chair of the council is Dr. Uwe Plath (CDU); he followed Susanne Pulsfort (CDU) who had been in the post for many years.
History
Burial mounds and artefacts from the Federmesser culture indicate that the area has been settled since the New Stone Age.
In 1562 the convent of St. Michael's monastery built a pond in Häcklingen.
At least since 1696 there has been cooperation between Häcklingen and the neighbouring village of Rettmer. In that year there were reports of a teacher in Rettmer who also taught children from Häcklingen.
In 1792 the school was built, children from Rettmer attending from the outset.
In 1885 Häcklingen was incorporated in the newly created district of Lüneburg. Prior to that it had been subordinated to the district office of Lüne (Amt Lüne).
On 8 May 1902 the Lüneburg-Rettmer voluntary fire service (Freiwillige Feuerwehr) was founded. This was a result of new legal requirements, according to which every village had to have its own fire service. In 1934 it was divided. On 11 September the independent fire service, Freiwillige Feuerwehr Häcklingen, was formed.
On 18 August 1903 the village formed its own football club, the FC Favourite Lüneburg, which merged on 10 December 1905 with the FC Hansa Lüneburg to become SV Eintracht Lüneburg.
In 1942 there were widespread forest fires in the region due to air raids.
On 30 April 1945 the headquarters of the 2nd Britisch Army under Field Marshal Sir Bernard Montgomery was set up in Häcklingen. Shortly afterwards the surrender of the German forces in North Germany was accepted on the hill of Timeloberg.
In 1971 the Häcklingen Tennis Club was founded.
In 1974 the village was incorporated into the town of Lüneburg as part of the regional and administrative reforms in Lower Saxony.
In 2002 a daycare centre was built.
In 2003 the primary school was expanded in order to handle the growing number of children of school age in its catchment area. From then on it was three-tiered.
In 2006 the primary school was given a new gymnasium and solar panels on the roof of the school building and gym. In addition a new community centre was built for Häcklingen and Rettmer: the Bonhoeffer-Haus.
In 2007 the Lüneburg Montessori Primary School moved to Häcklingen, where it is accommodated in containers formerly used by the psychiatric clinic.
Growth in population
Sonstiges
The village has a baker's, a chemist's, a supermarket a small Sparkasse bank branch, an Italian restaurant, a biomarket and a branch of a bookshop chain.
The ladies tennis team plays in the association league, the men's team won the championship at district level in 2006.
In 1994 the southern fire station Wache Süd was built in Rettmar, to house the three southern fire services of Häcklingen, Rettmer and Oedeme under one roof.
Since 2000 the Häcklingen fire service has deployed to incidents from Wache Süd.
In 2005/2006 the old Häcklingen fire station was converted by volunteers into a youth fire station.
Lüneburg
Calvin Anthony Duncan (born March 21, 1961) is an American pastor and retired basketball player. Duncan is pastor at the Faith & Family Church in Richmond, Virginia. He also played basketball with Oak Hill Academy and the Virginia Commonwealth University Rams. He was drafted in the 1985 NBA Draft in the 2nd round with the 30th overall pick by the Chicago Bulls but instead of signing, he joined Athletes in Action, an evangelical Christian traveling team.
Basketball
During the 1980–81 season, Duncan set the all-time record for points in a game for Oak Hill Academy with 61. Brandon Jennings later broke this record, tallying 63 points in a single game. He is a member of the VCU Rams Hall of Fame. With VCU, Duncan was named Sun Belt Conference co-Player of the Year as a sophomore in 1983, sharing the award with fellow sophomore Charlie Bradley of the South Florida.
After the close of his college career, Duncan was drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the second round of the 1985 NBA draft (30th pick overall). He did not play in the NBA, but did play in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) for the Cedar Rapids Silver Bullets and Tri-City Chinook.
Personal
Duncan's mother died in childbirth and, with no knowledge of his father, was raised by his aunt in Linden, New Jersey. He transferred to Oak Hill Academy after his junior year at Linden High School, hoping to earn the grades that would be necessary to play Division I basketball.
At Virginia Commonwealth, Duncan earned a degree in criminal justice. He lives in Richmond, Virginia with his wife Barbara and his three children, Richard, Chelsea, and Azell.
References
1961 births
Living people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from New Jersey
Basketball coaches from Virginia
Basketball players from New Jersey
Basketball players from Richmond, Virginia
Cedar Rapids Silver Bullets players
Cleveland Cavaliers draft picks
Continental Basketball Association coaches
Linden High School (New Jersey) alumni
People from Linden, New Jersey
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Richmond, Virginia
Sportspeople from Union County, New Jersey
Tri-City Chinook players
VCU Rams men's basketball players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
"In Walked Love" is a song by the American girl group Exposé. Written by Diane Warren and produced by Steve Thompson and Michael Barbiero, the song can be found on the group's 1992 album Exposé, their third studio album. Lead vocals on the pop ballad were performed by Ann Curless. The song features Al Pitrelli as guest guitarist.
In 1996, British singer Louise recorded the song, and it went to number 17 on the Official UK Singles Chart.
Reception
Released as the fourth and final single from the album Exposé, "In Walked Love" entered the Billboard Hot 100 chart in April 1994, peaking at number 84. It fared better on the Billboard adult contemporary chart, where it reached number 17. To date, this is the last Exposé single to reach either chart, although their single "I'll Say Good-Bye for the Two of Us" (from the soundtrack to the film Free Willy 2) "bubbled under" the Hot 100 in 1995.
Charts
Louise version
British singer Louise covered "In Walked Love" and released it as the second single from her first album, Naked (1996), on March 4, 1996. Her version reached number 17 in the UK.
Critical reception
A reviewer from Music Week gave Louise's version of the song three out of five, adding, Continuing to build profile, the former Eternal singer's voice sounds even stronger on this chartbound love ballad." Mark Sutherland from NME described it as "straightforwardly danceable".
Track listings
UK CD1 and Australasian CD single
"In Walked Love"
"In Walked Love" (Uno Clio vocal mix)
"In Walked Love" (Dancing Divas vocal mix)
"In Walked Love" (Dancing Divas dub mix)
UK CD2 and cassette single
"In Walked Love"
"All of You"
"Real Love" (Tin Tin Out remix)
"In Walked Love" (Uno Clio dub mix)
Charts
References
1992 songs
1994 singles
1996 singles
Arista Records singles
EMI Records singles
Exposé (group) songs
First Avenue Records singles
Louise Redknapp songs
Pop ballads
Songs written by Diane Warren
Vinculopsis epipaschia is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Peru.
References
Moths described in 1964
Glaphyriinae
Fact and Fancy is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by American writer and scientist Isaac Asimov. It was the first in a series of books collecting his essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction, and Asimov's second book of science essays altogether (after Only a Trillion). Doubleday & Company first published it in March 1962. It was also published in paperback by Pyramid Books as part of The Worlds of Science series.
After he had written 200 essays for Fantasy and Science Fiction (out of 399 in the end), Asimov wrote of them "To this day I get more pleasure out of them than out of any other writing assignment I get."
The only essay that did not appear in Fantasy and Science Fiction was "Our Lonely Planet", which first appeared in Astounding Science Fiction.
Contents
Part I: The Earth and Away
"Life's Bottleneck" (April 1959)
"No More Ice Ages?" (January 1959)
"Thin Air" (December 1959)
"Catching Up with Newton" (December 1958)
"Of Capture and Escape" (May 1959)
Part II: The Solar System
"Catskills in the Sky" (August 1960)
"Beyond Pluto" (July 1960)
"Steppingstones to the Stars" (October 1960)
"The Planet of the Double Sun" (June 1959)
Part III: The Universe
"Heaven on Earth" (May 1961)
"Our Lonely Planet" (November 1958)
"The Flickering Yardstick" (March 1960)
"The Sight of Home" (February 1960)
"Here It Comes; There It Goes" (January 1961)
Part IV: The Human Mind
"Those Crazy Ideas" (January 1960)
"My Built-in Doubter" (April 1961)
"Battle of the Eggheads" (July 1959)
References
External links
Asimovonline.com
Fact and Fancy at The Thunder Child
Essay collections by Isaac Asimov
1962 books
Works originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction
Doubleday (publisher) books
Tucker Glacier is a major valley glacier of Victoria Land, about 144 km (90 mi) long, flowing southeast between Admiralty Mountains and Victory Mountains to the Ross Sea. There is a snow saddle at the glacier's head, just west of Homerun Range, from which Ebbe Glacier flows northwestward.
The Biscuit Step allows good access near its junction with Trafalgar Glacier.
Explored by NZGSAE, 1957–58, and named by them after Tucker Inlet, the ice-filled coastal indentation at the mouth of this glacier named by Captain James Clark Ross in 1841.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Pemmican Step
References
Admiralty Mountains
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Joachim Gérard and Gordon Reid defeated Gustavo Fernández and Alfie Hewett in the final, 6–3, 3–6, [10–3] to win the men's doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2017 Australian Open. With the win, Reid completed the career Grand Slam.
Stéphane Houdet and Nicolas Peifer were the defending champions, but were defeated by Fernández and Hewett in the semifinals.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Main Draw
Wheelchair Men's Doubles
2017 Men's Doubles
South Carolina Highway 303 (SC 303) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. Known as the Green Pond Highway, it connects Green Pond and Walterboro.
Route description
SC 303 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 17 (US 17; ACE Basin Parkway) south-southeast of Green Pond, Colleton County, where the roadway continues as Donnelley Drive. This intersection in on the northwestern corner of the Donnelley Wildlife Management Area. It travels to the north-northwest and enters Green Pond, where it crosses railroad tracks. It then crosses Ashepoo River and travels through Ritter. Farther to the north-northwest, it enters Walterboro, where it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with US 17 Alternate/SC 63 (Jefferies Boulevard).
History
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 303 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
303
Transportation in Colleton County, South Carolina
The Laguna Lakeshore Expressway Dike is a proposed expressway in the Philippines that will start from the coastal area of Laguna de Bay from Taguig in Metro Manila to Calamba and Los Baños in Laguna.
The project will involve the construction of a , six-lane dike including bridges, pumping stations and ancillary flood gates.
The project also involve reclamation of 700 hectares west of and abutting the expressway-dike, separated from the shoreline by a 100–150 meter channel in Taguig and Muntinlupa.
The project aims to provide a high-standard highway that will speed up traffic between the southern part of Metro Manila and Laguna, as well as a dike that would mitigate flooding in the western coastal communities along Laguna Lake.
The expressway will cost an estimated PHP36.74 billion or US$854.42 million. When constructed, it is expected to ease traffic congestion along Muntinlupa and Calamba area, and to serve as flood control measure for communities on the western shore of Laguna de Bay.
Proposed route
The route alignment starts from Bicutan, Taguig connecting to the proposed C-6 Expressway Road Project. It traverses southwards passing the city boundaries of Taguig, Parañaque and Muntinlupa in the southern part of Metro Manila and then continues further south passing the cities of San Pedro, Biñan, Santa Rosa, Cabuyao, Calamba and ends up at Los Baños in Laguna, near its boundary with Bay.
The construction of the expressway dike is proposed to involve two sections:
from Bicutan to Calamba; and
from Calamba to Los Baños.
The project details for the Expressway Dike as of October 2013 indicated plans for a , four-lane dike, but the official announcement of the approved project in June 2014 indicated that it would be , and have six-lanes.
Proposed parallel eastern shore projects
While the expressway dike hopes to alleviate flooding on the southwestern shore of Laguna de Bay, officials and planners have acknowledged that there is still a need to cope with the excess water volume in the lake itself, with urban planner Felino Palafox describing the situation as "like having a toilet without a flush."
As the expressway dike would alleviate flooding in the more metropolitan western shore of the lake, similar projects have been proposed which would prevent the additional water volume from causing larger-scale flooding on the eastern shore, which includes the coastal towns of Rizal province and of eastern Laguna Province.
These projects include the construction of a "Pacific spillway" from the lake to the east coast of Luzon, which would drain excess water from the eastern part of the lake; and the construction of the revamped Laiban Dam and Kaliwa Low Dams in Tanay, Rizal, which is projected to reduce the water flowing into the northeastern portion of the lake.
However, construction of the Pacific Spillway has been identified by the DPWH as a low priority, while the construction of the Tanay dams has been controversial, such that only the construction of the Kaliwa Low Dam has been approved as of the second quarter of 2014.
Pacific spillway proposal
The project most directly intended to prevent the water volume displaced by the expressway dike from causing larger-scale flooding on the eastern shore of the lake is the construction of a 20 Kilometer "Pacific spillway." This would take the form of either a tunnel or an open canal which would begin at the eastern shore of Laguna de Bay, cross the Sierra Mountains, and release water into the Pacific Ocean somewhere along the shore of Infanta.
In an August 23 interview with GMA News TV's News to Go, Laguna Lake Development Authority General Manager Nereus Acosta said that the government would be pursuing this project in place of the 1970s Parañaque spillway proposal, which had first been brought up in connection with the Manggahan Floodway project.
However, in a separate interview the day before, August 22, Public Works and Highways Secretary Rogelio Singson told abs-cbnnews.com that the construction of the Pacific spillway would be assigned the lowest priority because it may no longer be necessary if the controversial New Centennial Water Source-Kaliwa Dam Project (NCWSP) and its later full implementation to include Laiban Dam push through:
"'Yung mas priority doon iyong road-ring dike. 'Yung Pacific spillway e 'yun 'yung nasa last priority dahil 'pag nagawa na 'yung flood dam doon sa itaas ng Sierra Madre, ang tingin namin iyong tubig sa lawa e hindi ganung kasing taas ng nangyayari ngayon. So you might not need the Pacific spillway." (The road-ring dike is the higher priority. The pacific spillway, that has the least priority because when the flood dam up in the Sierra Madre [mountain range] gets finished, we don't think the water in the lake will go up as much as it used to. So you might not need the pacific spillway.)
Kaliwa Low Dam and Laiban Dam proposals
The already-existing proposals for the construction of Laiban Dam and Kaliwa Low Dam in Tanay, Rizal have also been associated with the eastern shore aspect of the Laguna Lakeshore Expressway Dike, with Public Works and Highways Secretary Rogelio Singson indicating that these projects, if fully implemented, might reduce the need for the pacific spillway project.
The construction of the dams has been controversial, however. Earlier attempts to construct a large dam in Tanay's Barangay Laiban, have raised concerns among various stakeholders because of its potential environmental impact and the because it would affect the ancestral lands of the Remontado Dumagat people.
Due in part to these controversies, a new proposal, billed the "New Centennial Water Source Project", was created, with two lower capacity dams instead of the original large-capacity Laiban dam. The largest of the new proposed dams would retain the name "Laiban Dam", while a lower capacity dam downstream would be named the "Kaliwa Low Dam." Project costs and concerns about the larger dam further led to the project being split into stages, and today only the lower capacity Kaliwa Low Dam has been approved by the NEDA Investment Coordination Committee.
Other related projects
Calamba-Los Baños Expressway
Aside from the Laguna Lakeshore Expressway Dike, another project, the Calamba-Los Baños Expressway had earlier been proposed by the government, slated to begin construction some time in "Mid 2014–2017." Often confused with the Expressway Dike Project, the Calamba-Los Baños Expressway instead exits from the South Luzon Expressway at its Santo Tomas exit in Calamba, passing through the coastal areas of Calamba and Los Baños and ending in Bay, whereas the Dike project passes through reclaimed areas on the Laguna Lake itself.
Approval Process
August 2012 Monsoon Floods and Initial Conception
The idea of "a dike around Laguna" to serve as "a flood-control system meant to protect flood-prone areas along Laguna Lake" was first seriously raised in 2012, in reaction to the damage wrought by the 2012 Metro Manila Monsoon Floods. The Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) was tasked to take on the project.
Early response from activist groups
Early opposition to the project, upon its suggestion in 2012, mostly focused on the displacement of fisherfolk from the shores of Laguna de Bay, and on the fact that large corporations would benefit so much from the reclamation, with activist fisherfolk groups like PAMALAKAYA (the National Federation of Small Fisherfolk Organization in the Philippines) protesting the construction of "high-rise condominium buildings, big-budget housing units, world-class hotels and ecotourism centers in areas which will be vacated by the lake-shore families.".
PAMALAKAYA also expressed skepticism regarding the intent of the project, saying they had doubts such a project would really solve flooding in Metro Manila and low-lying areas around the lake, or provide a major water catchbasin catering to the business needs of water and electric utilities.
August 2013 Typhoon Maring and public announcement of "road-ring dike"
In the aftermath of the floods brought about by Typhoon Maring in August 2013, President Benigno Aquino III made plans for the dike project public.
Media outlets referred to the proposal as a "megadike" but Public Works Secretary Rogelio Singson corrected this saying that it was to be called a "road-ring dike." Singson also said that they did not have a timeline for the project yet,as they were still completing the feasibility study and coming up with a detailed design of the project.
There was some controversy about whether or not the dike had indeed been a government priority prior to the 2013 floods. The government had released the Flood Management Master Plan for Metro Manila and Surrounding Areas in June that year, and the announcement had not included the dike as one of the "11 recommended shortlisted structural mitigation measures", listing it merely as an "optimum solution in solving the flooding situation in the Laguna lake-shore area."
Proposed Project Financing
President Aquino also said in the vernacular that "the best part [of the road dike project] is that it can be self-financing, ", explaining that the dike may be financed through reclamation:
"Ang proposal nung proponent is dahil may mare-reclaim nga ang bayad sa kanila something like a third of the reclaimed area mababayaran na yung combination dike and road that will open up a lot of areas around Laguna leading to development." (The proposal of the propinent is that since there is reclamation to be done, the payment to them could just be something like a third of the reclaimed area. That would pay for the combination dike and road that will open up a lot of areas around Laguna leading to development.)
In an interview the following day, Nereus Acosta announced in another interview that the project fell under Public-Private-Partnership program for the C-6 Extension, while in another interview, Public Works Secretary Rogelio Singson said the dike could be built under a "built-operate-transfer" scheme, meaning that the project would be financed and operated by a private agency for a period not exceeding 50 years, after which it would be taken over by the government.
May 2014 rejection due to environmental impact questions
The Expressway Dike Project was initially slated for approval by the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA) in its May 29, 2014 Board meeting, with the inter-agency Investment Coordination Committee of the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA-ICC) endorsing the project for final approval by the board.
It was initially rejected at that meeting, however, when some of the board members had questions about some of the environmental and technical aspects of the project.
The DPWH later announced that it would make the "necessary clarification" regarding the project's environmental impact, specifying that concerns raised in the meeting had included "the height of the dike, the construction of water circulation, the separation between the low-lying communities and the new islands that would be created as part of the reclamation, the establishment of pumping stations, among others." The department indicated that they hoped to get final approval for the project and be able to bid the project out "toward the end of 2014 or in the first quarter of 2015"
June 2014 Approval
In June 2014, the Expressway Dike Project was finally green-lighted for implementation.
The NEDA board deferred on the project again during their June 2, 2014 meeting, requesting the DPWH to prepare and submit materials to be presented at the June 19 meeting, specifying the DPWH's responses to specific questions raised by the NEDA board.
The project was finally approved during the June 19, 2014 board meeting, in which the board also approved the operation and maintenance of the Bohol Airport and of Laguindingan Airport in Misamis Oriental. At P123-billion, this made the Expressway Dike the biggest PPP project under the administration of President Aquino.
Public-Private Partnership Center Cosette Canilao told Reuters that the auction process "will start within the next quarter."
Construction of the expressway dike was then slated to begin in "late 2015" and to finish in 2021.
On July 28, 2014, President Aquino cited the expressway dike in his 5th State of the Nation Address as one of the infrastructure projects approved by his administration as part of its disaster preparedness efforts.
Bidding Process
Cosette Canilao, Public-Private Partnership (PPP) Center executive director, identified the 14 companies that bought bid documents as of August 18, 2014:
Metro Pacific Investments Corp,
Ayala Land Inc,
San Miguel Corp,
Megaworld Corp,
Filinvest Land Inc;
GT Capital Holdings Inc (Metrobank),
LT (Lucio Tan) Group Inc,
Leighton Contractors (Philippines),
Egis Group,
Minerales Industrias Corp, and
Muhibbah Engineering (M) Bhd,
Minerales Industrias Corp,
JP Power and Wealth Corp,
Macquarie Capital Securities, and
Laguna Lakeshore Consortium (with D.M. Wenceslao and Associates, Inc.'s Delfin J. Wenceslao as chairman);
See also
Laguna de Bay
Major roads in Metro Manila
Highways in the Philippines
List of Expressways in the Philippines
Metro Manila Dream Plan
South Luzon Expressway
Calamba-Los Baños Expressway
Laguna Lake Development Authority
New Centennial Water Source-Kaliwa Dam Project
Proposed Dams in the Kaliwa River watershed
References
External links
Department of Public Works and Highways
The Official Site Public-Private Partnership Center of the Philippines
Proposed roads in the Philippines
Roads in Metro Manila
Roads in Laguna (province)
Laguna de Bay
Toll roads in the Philippines
George Shelby Friedrichs Jr. (February 15, 1940 in New Orleans – March 20, 1991), known as "Buddy", was an American sailor and Olympic champion. He was Dragon Class World Champion in 1967 before competing at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City (sailing events in Acapulco, where he received a gold medal in the Dragon class as helmsman on the red-painted boat WILLIWAW. Serving as crew members on WILLIWAW were Gerald "Click" Schreck and Barton Jahncke.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
External links
1940 births
1991 deaths
Sportspeople from New Orleans
American male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
At-Tschapar is an archaeological site in the north of Afghanistan.
The At-Tschapar tower was built in the middle of the first millennium BCE. It has a diameter of about 100 meters. The interior of the structure is completely undeveloped. One of the outer walls of the tower has an inside corridor and on the outside of it there are a series of semicircular towers that are accessible from the corridor through the doors. Along the exterior facades there are loopholes. From the corridor there are passages that go into a large, undeveloped inside courtyard. During the excavation pottery was found from the Achaemenid period. The function of the tower is unclear. It may have been a fortress or a sanctuary, or the construction may never have been completed.
Literature
Viktor Sarianidi: The Art of Old Afghanistan, Leipzig 1986, pp. 75–78 ISBN 3-527-17561-X
References
Archaeological sites in Afghanistan
Archaeological sites in Asia
Faryab Province
Novoseltsev () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Novoseltseva. It may refer to
Anatoly Novoseltsev (1933–1995), Russian orientalist
Ivan Novoseltsev (born 1979), Russian ice hockey player
Ivan Yevgenyevich Novoseltsev (born 1991), Russian football player
Larisa Novoseltseva, Russian singer-songwriter and composer
Ruslan Novoseltsev (born 1974), Russian figure skater
Yuri Novoseltsev (born 1964), Russian football player
Russian-language surnames
Russell E. Hart (1872 - June 11, 1955) was an American architect. He designed or restored many buildings in Tennessee, including the Tennessee Governor's Mansion and the Parthenon.
Life
Hart was born in 1872 in Darlington, South Carolina. He graduated from Furman University in 1895. He studied Gothic Revival architecture in Paris, France, and he was trained by Noland and Baskervill in Richmond, Virginia and Cram, Goodhue & Ferguson in New York City.
Hart became an architect in Nashville, Tennessee in 1910. He designed the Tennessee Governor's Mansion in 1929. He restored the Parthenon in Centennial Park, originally designed by William Crawford Smith in 1897. He was a partner in Hart, Freeland & Roberts from 1947 to his death, and he was a member of the American Institute of Architects.
Hart resided at 212 Jackson Boulevard in Belle Meade, Tennessee with his wife, née Elizabeth Douthit, and their son, Maxwell Hart. He was a 33rd Degree Mason. He died on June 11, 1955 in Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 82, and he was buried in Darlington, South Carolina.
References
1872 births
1955 deaths
People from Darlington, South Carolina
People from Belle Meade, Tennessee
Architects from Tennessee
20th-century American architects
American Freemasons
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Rebecq. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Rebecq
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Rebecq
Rebecq
Lannoy Abbey, also called Briostel Abbey, was a Cistercian abbey in present-day Oise, France.
It was founded in 1147, from Beaubec Abbey.
Notes
Cistercian monasteries in France
1147 establishments in Europe
1140s establishments in France
Religious organizations established in the 1140s
Monasteries in Oise
Christian monasteries established in the 12th century
Ki Jaana Main Kaun () (English: Who Am I) is a Pakistani drama serial started airing on Hum TV from 27 June 2018. It is written by Uzma Iftikhar and Furqanullah Sahir, developed by Shahzad Javed, Head of Content, HUM TV, directed by Mohsin Talat and produced by Moomal Shunaid under their banner Moomal Productions. It features Faizan Khawaja, Minal Khan and Saad Qureshi.
Plot
The story revolves around Meher Ansari, a young beautiful and intelligent girl, who is the only daughter of Shafiq Ansari and Rabya Ansari, and is engaged to her uncle's son, Taimoor Ansari. Taimoor is also the only child of his parents, Rafiq and Saira. Taimoor pretends that he loves Meher but he is only interested in her property. The story also includes Rafiq and Shafiq's sister Maliha who is married to Qazim, and has a son named Faris. Faris had gone to abroad to complete his law study and intensely loved Meher in secret but he is unable to express his feelings as Meher loved Taimoor. But the two share best friend bond. He returned to Pakistan for Meher and Taimoor's marriage and become shocked on knowing about his father's rude behaviour towards Maliha. On day of nikkah it was revealed that meher is adopted child of Shafiq and in real is daughter of man named Waqar. This leads to Taimoor and his family breaking marriage with Meher, as they are only interested in her property. Taimoor marries his aunt's daughter, Anaya, who began to take control of his whole house and start spending money limitlessly which annoys Taimoor and his whole family. Meher gets to know from Maliha that she is daughter of Maliha's friend Rizwana and Waqar, and that Maliha has brought her to Shafiq who adopted Meher happily. Faris gets appointed as Shafiq's lawyer. Shafiq suffers heart attack due to everyone accusing his and Meher relationship as non-islamic. In meantime Meher and Faris grow closer so Taimoor taunts them. Meher, with help of Faris, go to Hyderabad in search of meher's biological parents. But on their way back to home some mobile snatchers attack them and loot them. Faris got injured in process. When they return home Shafiq gets angry with Meher that she does not consider him as her father but Meher asks for forgiveness and he forgives her. On Meher's birthday, Shafiq Ansari gives 30% shares to Meher, which makes Taimoor's family angry and she becomes the part of board of directors then Faris explains the Islamic way of property division which explains that an alive person can give his property to anyone but a dead person's assets only divide into that person's real family. The next day Taimoor threatens to Shafiq Ansari that he will go to court and ask for DNA test but Shafiq slaps him then Faris told him that he should not let the merger company know about this, otherwise the company will not do merger with them. Shahroz Hassan is the nephew of Khan Sahab who is a businessman; he wants to do something of his own which is why he is planning to merge with Meher's company. He meets with Taimoor and Meher to finalize the merger. Meher arranged a party for the business success and in the party Meher's phupho Maliha slaps Khan Sahab and then she faints.
Maliha is taken to the hospital and doctors told Faris that she has had a nervous breakdown and that he is under great stress. Kazim thinks Meher is the reason for her stress while Faris says he is the one who has caused his mother stress.
After the slapping incident Shehroz calls and cancels the merger, Meher goes and talks to him as a friend and manages to make him change his decision. But when Meher goes back to office Taimoor tells her that he has failed in her effort as the Khan industries has filled a deformation case against them. But Shehroz later tells Meher that it's Khan uncle's son who Filed the case and he will convince him to close it until Meher provides a proper explanation on why her Phupho slapped his Khan Uncle.
Maliha regains her consciousness and Qazim interrogates her and points fingers on her character and accuses her of having a past affair with Khan Shaab but Maliha speaks and tells everyone that Khan Sahaab is none but Waqar Ahmed khan, Meher's Biological Father who left his pregnant wife Rizwana (Meher's Mother). Meher is shocked by this revelation and is sad because her Father didn't even recognize her.
After Maliha is a little stable she takes Meher and goes Khan Villas and Tells Khaan Sahab that she slapped him because he deserved it and he is Meher's father. Khan Sahaab denies it and Amu jaan (Shehroz's Aunt) asks the guards to throw Meher and her father out of their house. Meher is very disheartened and Shafeeeq is sad that Meher's father denied his own blood. Ahmar (Meher's step brother) came to know truth somehow and decides to bring Meher as his sister despite whole Khans opposition. Taimoor now tries to come near Meher as her status is higher than him now making Anaya jealous.
Cast
Faizan Khawaja as Faris Sheraz
Minal Khan as Meher Ansari/Meher Waqar/Meher Faris
Saad Qureshi as Taimoor Ansari
Khalid Anam as Shafiq Ansari
Mehmood Aslam as Waqar Ahmad Khan Sahab (Meher's biological father)
Zainab Qayyum as Maliha Kazim
Annie Zaidi as Rabya Ansari
Yashma Gill as Anaya Taimoor Ansari
Adnan Jillani as Kazim
Humaira Bano as Saira Ansari
Daniyal Raheel as Shehroze Hassan
Srha Asghar as Samra Waqar(Ahmer and Meher sister)
Usman Mazhar as Ahmer (Meher's brother and Waqar's son)
References
External links
Pakistani television series
Urdu-language television shows
2018 Pakistani television series debuts
Hum TV original programming
The Candy Man is a 1969 American crime film directed by Herbert J. Leder and written by Herbert J. Leder. The film stars George Sanders, Leslie Parrish, Manolo Fábregas, Pixie Hopkin, Félix González and Pedro Galván. The film was released in February 1969, by Allied Artists Pictures.
Plot
Julia Evans, an American actress travels to Mexico with her young daughter. Drug dealer Sidney Carter spots the pair and decides to kidnap the young child. Carter enlists the services of his addict customer, Rick Pierce. The child's nanny, Gerta, at first agrees to go along with the plot, but has second thoughts when the time comes. Gerta attempts to fight off Pierce, but the young daughter is snatched by another woman. Carter approaches Evans with his ransom demands. The police are called by Roger, Evans' manager, and her ex-husband Lee. Officer Lieutenant Garcia tracks down the child after the ransom is paid, and confronts Carter. After a chase Carter is cornered near a hotel window, and falls to his death during the struggle, and the daughter is saved. Mother, father, and daughter are then reunited.
Cast
George Sanders as Sidney Carter
Leslie Parrish as Julie Evans
Manolo Fábregas as Lt. Garcia
Pixie Hopkin as Maria Lopez
Félix González as Felipe Lopez
Pedro Galván as Roger West
Gina Romand as Greta Hansen
José Ángel Espinosa 'Ferrusquilla' as The Vagabond
Nancy Rodman as Gwen Easterly
Chuck Anderson as Lee Stevens
Carlos Cortés as Rick Pierce
John Kelly as Inspector
Lupita Ferrat as Jenny Stevens
References
External links
1969 films
American crime films
1969 crime films
Allied Artists films
Films directed by Herbert J. Leder
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Colo–NESCO Community School District is a rural public school district headquartered in Colo, Iowa. Its elementary school is in Zearing while the middle-high school and district headquarters are in Colo.
The district is mostly in Story County with portions in Hardin and Marshall counties. The district serves Colo, Zearing, and McCallsburg.
There is an agreement with the Des Moines Area Community College (DMACC) Hunziker Career Center in Ames that allows Colo–NESCO High School students to take vocational courses there.
History
The district was established on July 1, 1991, as a result merger between the Colo and NESCO school districts, with the latter serving McCallsburg and Zearing; "NESCO" means "Northeast Story County".
Nora Gordon of University of California, San Diego, and Brian Knight of Brown University noted in Public Finance Review wrote about the per-pupil revenue changes in Colo–NESCO before and after the merger.
Schools
Colo–NESCO Elementary
Colo–NESCO Middle School-High School
Colo–NESCO High School
Athletics
The Royals compete in the Iowa Star Conference, including the following sports:
Cross county (boys and girls)
Volleyball
Football
Basketball (boys and girls)
Boys' - 1990 Class A state champions
Wrestling
Track and field (boys and girls)
Golf (boys and girls)
Soccer (boys and girls)
Baseball
Softball
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
External links
Colo–NESCO Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
Education in Hardin County, Iowa
Education in Marshall County, Iowa
Education in Story County, Iowa
1991 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1991
Think Smart, Be Fearless: A Biography of Bill Gates is a 2019 picture book biography of Bill Gates written by Sharon Mentyka and illustrated by Vivien Mildenberger. The book was first published by Sasquatch Books.
The book has received reviews from publications including Publishers Weekly, School Library Journal, Kirkus Reviews, and GeekDad.
References
2019 children's books
Cultural depictions of Bill Gates
American biographies
Biographies about businesspeople
Sasquatch Books books
The Kidston Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Kidston Island, located in the Bras d'Or lakes, in Baddeck, Nova Scotia. The original lighthouse on Kidston Island was built in 1875. The present lighthouse was built in 1912 and the two stood side by side for some time. The lighthouse can only be accessed by boat; a ferry operates during the summer months.
See also
List of lighthouses in Canada
Historic Buildings in Baddeck, Nova Scotia
History of Baddeck
References
External links
Aids to Navigation Canadian Coast Guard
Lighthouses completed in 1875
Lighthouses completed in 1912
Lighthouses in Nova Scotia
Buildings and structures in Victoria County, Nova Scotia
1875 establishments in Canada
The painted manakin (Machaeropterus eckelberryi) is a small South American species of passerine bird in the manakin family Pipridae. It was first described in 2017 from specimens collected in north west Peru.
Taxonomy
The painted manakin was described by the American ornithologist Daniel Lane and colleagues in 2017 and given the binomial name Machaeropterus eckelberryi. The specific epithet was chosen to commemorate the American bird artist Donald R. Eckelberry (1921-2000). The species is placed in the genus Machaeropterus that was introduced by the French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1854.
The painted manakin was described as a new species based solely on the differences in vocalization. It is morphologically identical to one of the subspecies of the striolated manakin (M. striolatus aureopectus). No genetic evidence has been published. The species is found on the eastern flanks of the Cordillera Escalera and Cordillera Azul near the valley of the Rio Mayo in the San Martín and Loreto Regions of Peru.
The painted manakin has been recognised as a valid species by the South American Classification Committee (SACC) of the American Ornithological Society and by Frank Gill and David Donsker who maintain a list of bird species on behalf of the International Ornithological Committee.
References
Birds of Peru
painted manakin
Painted manakin
painted manakin
painted manakin
Ariette "Jet" van Noortwijk (born 11 May 1968) is a former Dutch cricketer whose international career for the Dutch national side spanned from 1989 to 1997. She finished her career with 27 One Day International (ODI) matches, including games at both the 1993 and 1997 World Cups.
Van Noortwijk made her ODI debut at the 1989 European Championship, aged 18. A right-handed all-rounder, on debut against England she scored 46 not out in her team's innings of 91/7 from 55 overs, the only Dutch batsman to pass double figures. She also took 2/28 with her medium-pace bowling in the same match, which was followed by 3/21 in the next game against Ireland. Van Noortwijk also featured in the 1990 and 1991 editions of the tournament, with a notable performance being 3/13 against Denmark in the opening game of the 1991 tournament, helping her side to a narrow four-run victory.
At the 1993 World Cup in England, the next major tournament for the Dutch team, van Noortwijk played in all seven matches. There, she recorded what were to be career-best figures for both batting and bowling – 52 against Ireland and 4/21 against Denmark, at the time the fourth-best ODI figures by a Dutchwoman. Van Noortwijk finished her ODI career after the 1997 World Cup in India, despite being only 27. Against India in that tournament, she was named player of match after finishing with 4/25 from her eight overs, although that was not enough to prevent the Netherlands losing by 93 runs.
Outside of her international career, Van Noortwijk began playing for Yorkshire, an English domestic team, in 1993, and continued until 1999, in what is now the Women's County Championship. She finished her ODI career with 21 wickets from 27 games, surpassing Ingrid Dulfer-Keijzer's record for the most wickets taken for the Netherlands, which has since been beaten by Carolien Salomons, Sandra Kottman, Caroline de Fouw, and Cheraldine Oudolf. Van Noortwijk and Dulfer-Keijzer are the only Dutch players to record four or more wickets in an ODI innings more than once.
References
External links
1968 births
Dutch women cricketers
Living people
Netherlands women One Day International cricketers
Yorkshire women cricketers
New Finnish Grammar () is a 2000 novel by the Italian writer Diego Marani. It was translated from the Italian by Judith Landry and published by Dedalus Books in 2011. In Italy, the book won the Grinzane Cavour Prize in 2001. The English edition was shortlisted for the 2012 Independent Foreign Fiction Prize and the 2012 Best Translated Book Award.
The plot begins in 1943 Trieste, Italy, where a military doctor, originally from Finland but enlisted in a German hospital ship, finds an unidentified man who is seriously wounded. The man recovers from his wound but seems to have lost his memory and even his language. The doctor believes the man to be a Finnish sailor who has somehow ended up in Italy, like himself. The doctor attempts to reconstruct the man's identity, to teach him Finnish, and eventually arranges his "return" to Helsinki to find his past.
See also
2000 in literature
Italian literature
References
2000 novels
Italian historical novels
Fiction set in 1943
Novels set in the 1940s
Novels set in Trieste
Novels set in Finland
20th-century Italian novels
Joachim Spremberg (3 November 1908 – 16 July 1975) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He won the gold medal as member of the German boat in the coxed fours competition. He was born in Berlin.
References
External links
Joachim Spremberg's profile at databaseOlympics.com
Joachim Spremberg's profile at Sports Reference.com
1908 births
1975 deaths
Rowers from Berlin
Olympic rowers of Germany
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in rowing
German male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
20th-century German people
True Women For Sale (性工作者2: 我不賣身．我賣子宮) is a 2008 drama film directed by Herman Yau and starring Prudence Liew and Anthony Wong Chau Sang.
Plot
The story revolves around two women in the grassroots of Hong Kong society, struggling to survive and haunted by demons in their respective pasts. The literal translation of the Chinese film title is "I do not sell my body, I sell my uterus". In fact, it deals with one woman who does sells her body but strives to improve herself, and one woman who views herself to be of higher status than the street walkers, but in reality is also selling herself by marrying someone and becoming pregnant just to become a Hong Kong citizen. The two women live in the same apartment building and share some interactions on screen; however, their stories do not necessarily intermix. The film takes place in the Sham Shui Po area of Kowloon, Hong Kong circa 2000.
Lai Chung-Chung (Prudence Liew) is a crack cocaine-addicted yet good-natured street walker who is fast approaching a "destiny call" made by a fortune teller advising her that in the year 2000, she would finally repent all her sins from her previous life and will turn over a new leaf. To prepare herself for the life-changing event, she works hard to save up for a dentistry process to clean her badly decaying teeth and gums from years of crack cocaine use. After witnessing Lai heroically save a child from being hit by a van, freelance photographer Chi (Sammy Leung) thought that Lai would make a good human interest story for a magazine and starts to photograph Lai while having his girlfriend, journalist Elaine (Toby Leung) interview her. During Elaine's interview with Lai, it is revealed that Lai has had a troubled past with her mother and younger sister.
The other subject is Wong Lin-Fa (Race Wong), a woman from Mainland China who married Kin: a middle-aged, construction-working Hong Konger, in hopes of attaining a better life by gaining Hong Kong residency. Upon hearing Kin died in a work accident, Wong travels to Hong Kong, pregnant with Kin's child in hopes of collecting an abundance of condolence money from Kin's family. However, she only receives HK$5000 and is kicked out by the family, who labels Wong as a golddigger. She then moves into Kin's apartment in a building that many prostitutes inhabit, including Lai. Insurance broker Lau Fu-Yi (Anthony Wong Chau-Sang) notifies Wong that Kin had bought life insurance with her as the sole beneficiary. Lau later begins an unlikely friendship with Wong, helping her with her quest to give birth and gain residency in Hong Kong, all the while trying to sell her insurance. Lau has a way of classifying people in his head by calculating their potential insurance coverage. He does this for Lai and Chi and quickly dismisses them as having a potential of $0 while evaluating Wong at US$2 million.
Cast
Prudence Liew as Lai Chung-Chung
Anthony Wong Chau-sang as Lau Fu-Yi
Race Wong as Wong Lin-Fa
Sammy Leung as Chi
Toby Leung as Elaine
Sherming Yiu as Yau Guen, Lai's confidante and fellow street walker
Apple Chow as Pink Pink, Lai's friend and fellow street walker
Jessie Meng as Dr. Lee, a Mainland Chinese doctor Lau is interested in
Monie Tung as Sister Kot, a nun who empathises with the street walkers
Fung Hak on as Keung, Lai's regular client
Chi-Kin Kwok as Leung, Wong's ex-boyfriend
Jackie Ma as Lai Chung, Lai's ex-husband
Yuka Yu as Kwai, Keung's wife from Mainland China
Colour as Ying Ying, Lai Chung's current wife
Cameos
Susan Shaw as Chung's mother
Yumiko Cheng as Ob-Gyn Nurse
Chapman To as Police Officer
Louis Cheung as Social Worker
Terence Siufay as Jacky, Lau's co-worker
Awards & nominations
The film was selected as the opening film in the 2008 Hong Kong Asian Film Festival and was nominated for several awards.
References
External links
HK cinemagic entry
2008 drama films
Films set in Hong Kong
Films about prostitution in Hong Kong
Hong Kong films
2000s Cantonese-language films
China Star Entertainment Group films
2008 films
Films directed by Herman Yau
Michael de la Pole, 3rd Earl of Suffolk (139425 October 1415) was an English nobleman, the eldest son of Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk and Katherine de Stafford.
He brought 20 men-at-arms and 60 archers to France in 1415, in company with his father, who died at the Siege of Harfleur. Michael thus succeeded to his title, but enjoyed it only briefly as he was killed seven weeks later at the Battle of Agincourt, one of the few important English casualties of the battle.
Michael de la Pole married before November 1403 Elizabeth Mowbray, daughter of the 1st Duke of Norfolk, but left no sons, only daughters:
Catherine de la Pole (born 6 May 1410), nun at Bruisyard
Elizabeth de la Pole (22 July 1411before 1422)
Isabel de la Pole (4 June 1415before 1422)
He was succeeded by his brother William de la Pole. Tradition holds that Michael was buried at either Butley Priory in Suffolk of which he held the advowson, or the Church of St Mary the Virgin in Ewelme, Oxfordshire.
See also
James Howard, 3rd Earl of Suffolk
References
1394 births
1415 deaths
Michael
People of the Hundred Years' War
English military personnel killed in action
Addison Smith McClure (October 10, 1839 – April 17, 1903) was an American lawyer and politician who served two non-consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio in the late 19th century.
Biography
Born in Wooster, Ohio, McClure pursued an academic course in Jefferson College, Canonsburg, Pennsylvania (now Washington & Jefferson College). He studied law in the office of Martin Welker, was admitted to the bar in 1861, thereafter practicing in Wooster. He entered the Army as a private in April 1861. He was elected captain of Company H, Sixteenth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in October of the same year. He was captured December 29, 1862, during the Vicksburg Campaign, and held as a prisoner of war until he was exchanged in May 1863. He was discharged in August 1864.
He served as recorder of Wayne County in 1867. He was also appointed postmaster of Wooster in 1867, and reappointed in both 1872 and 1876. He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1868 and 1876.
McClure married Mary L. Brigham of Vienna Township, Michigan on September 26, 1866. They had one son.
Congress
McClure was elected as a Republican to the Forty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1881 – March 3, 1883). While he was not reelected in 1882, he was elected to the Fifty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1897). Again failing to be reelected in 1896, McClure resumed the practice of law.
Death
He died in Wooster, Ohio, on April 17, 1903. He was interred in Wooster Cemetery.
See also
References
Retrieved on 2009-02-26
1839 births
1903 deaths
People from Wooster, Ohio
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
Union Army officers
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
American Civil War prisoners of war
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Yo-kai Watch Blasters is a role-playing video game developed and published by Level-5 for the Nintendo 3DS. Blasters are originally released in two versions, named Red Cat Corps and White Dog Squad. The game is a spin-off based on the Blasters mini-game in the main series game Yo-kai Watch 2, and was released in Japan in July 2015 and worldwide by Nintendo in September 2018. Human characters are noticeably absent from gameplay, and players control yōkai in a beat 'em up action style instead.
The story follows Jibanyan and his Blasters team in stopping Yo-kai shenanigans. Players are to tackle various missions and bosses, and befriend new Yo-kai in the process. The game is intended as a spoof/homage of the Ghostbusters movie franchise, and is named after it in the Japanese release. However, due to copyright and licensing issues, the western release was renamed, and most of the overt references to Ghostbusters were censored (including notable spoofs the Ecto-1 and the Staypuff Marshmallow Man, among others).
Versions
The spin-offs' commercial success in Japan led to a free expansion, Moon Rabbit Crew, which released in Japan in December 2015 and worldwide in September 2018.
In addition, a Japanese-exclusive arcade version, Iron Oni Army, was released in December 2015.
Gameplay
In Yo-kai Watch Blasters, you can play as Yo-kai; there are only four medal slots in Blasters, in contrast to the six slots in the main series games Yo-kai Watch and Yo-kai Watch 2. The game has four types of missions: Story, Patrol, Boss Rush (Big Boss in English versions), and True Challenge Missions. In all missions, players collect Oni Orbs, an in-game currency used to level up Yo-kai, buy items, make and upgrade equipment, use the Oni Crank-a-kai, etc.
In Story Missions, you can progress through the story, to become the best Blaster you can be. There are two types of Story Missions: Main Missions and Sub Missions. As the name suggests, Main Missions are essential to completing the story. In contrast, Sub Missions are generally optional; however, some Sub Missions are essential to progress in the main story.
In Patrol Missions, you can explore different towns of your choice; within Springdale, you can choose the location you want to patrol in. Many rare Yo-kai that you are able to befriend spawn here. Players can also perform Mini Missions, which reward players with Oni Orbs.
In Big Boss Missions, you can re-fight bosses previously defeated in Story Missions. Each Big Boss Mission has a selectable difficulty level as well. You can fight the bosses in Normal, Super, and Ultra modes, in increasing order of difficulty. Ultra-mode Big Bosses will require the use of an item called "Ultra Orb" specific to each boss to be challenged. The requirements to get these vary between bosses, and they include: defeating 3 Super-mode Big Bosses in order without losing, Clearing the Super mode of the boss in under 5 or 10 minutes without ascending, and paying insignia for them. Additionally, 8 bosses (Orcanos, Wobblewok, Rubeus J, Hardy Hound, Tattleterror, Mass Mutterer, Kat Kraydel and Hinozall) have an additional Challenge mode, where the objective is to beat a set amount of them with increasing difficulty as fast as possible.
Each mission has a distinct set of objectives. These may include collecting items, battling Yo-kai, etc. If all the Yo-kai in your team faint, or the timer runs out, you fail the mission.
Roles
Each playable Yo-kai has one of four roles: Fighter, Tank, Healer, and Ranger. Fighters specialize in dealing damage to foes to defeat them. Tanks are meant to protect the team with defensive techniques and even support them using attacking moves with negative Inspirit effects for the foe. Healers' main purpose is to heal the team to help them stay alive. Rangers use different techniques to support allies by debuffing foes and to deal damage
Moves
Each Yo-kai has access to up to five normal moves: one set to the A button and either three or four techniques, out of which two can be set to the X and Y buttons. Some of these moves are restricted to roles or even Yo-kai. For instance, only Fighters (barring Lord Enma when equipping his bracelets) can use Triple Attack, and Gutsy Bones is the only Yo-kai who gets access to Crank-a-kai Move.
Additionally, each Yo-kai has a special move called Soultimate Move, a particularly powerful move you can only perform after charging your Soul Meter. Your Soul Meter charges when using most non-Soultimate moves by an amount dependent on the move. Some Soultimate Moves take longer to charge than others for the same attack.
Stats
Similarly to mainline games, in Yo-kai Watch Blasters each Yo-kai has 5 stats: HP, strength, spirit, defense and speed. HP determines how much damage a Yo-kai can take. Speed determines how fast the Yo-kai moves on the field: at a Fast, Normal or Slow speed. The effects of strength, spirit, and defense are elaborated on in the Damage section. Yo-kai can also use Equipment to improve their stats, with the exception of speed.
Equipment
In the game, the player is given the option to get Equipment items, which can Yo-kai can equip to increase their stats and, at times, net them additional benefits such as increased critical hit chance, resistance to some elemental attacks, etc. Each of these has a rank from 1 to 6 that determines how strong it is. There are several ways to obtain these items.
Creating and strengthening equipment
By talking to Signiton on the second floor, players are able to create or strengthen equipment.
In order to create an equipment item, they'll need to provide materials (which can be dropped by Yo-kai after defeating them) and Oni Orbs.
Strengthening equipment turns it into another item. Said item will have a rank higher by one (or two, in the case of the rank 6 equipment) and will be stronger than the strengthened item. The player will need to provide materials, Oni Orbs, and even Yo-kai Souls at times for this process.
QR Code equipment
Some equipment can only be obtained by scanning a QR code. The item will be given to the player directly after doing so.
Treasure drops
The Bunny Blaster and Virtuous Bracelet are the only equipment items in the game that can be obtained as treasure drops after clearing a mission. They are found as the first prize for the 'Lone Blaster' mission and as the Red Cat Corps boosted first prize for the Ultra Zazel Big Boss mission, respectively
Souls
After upgrading the second floor's gym, the player will be given access to soulcery. Soulcery is a process where a Yo-kai is turned into an equippable item, called Soul, that grants the Yo-kai using it certain benefits which do not include stat changes. The player can then fuse Souls to level one of them up up to level 10, enhancing its effect; or create rare Soul gems by fusing two specific Yo-kai's Souls together.
Plot
Characters
Damage
In missions, the player(s) will oftentimes be required to defeat enemy Yo-kai to advance. In order to do so, the foe's HP must be depleted completely, which is done by dealing damage. Damage can be dealt in three different ways: fixed damage, gradual damage, and direct damage. Fixed damage is a set amount of damage that does not vary depending on the target; it is most commonly found in battle items. Gradual damage is dealt by circumstances such as being under the effects of Poison Inspirit and similar, and is a percentage of the target's maximum health that is dealt every few seconds while under the effects of whatever may be causing it. Finally, direct damage is the form of damage most commonly seen; when dealing direct damage, a formula is used to calculate the amount of damage the target will take based on different parameters. Direct damage is what this section will be focusing on.
Damage formula
The damage formula is as follows:
where D stands for damage, a stands for attacking Yo-kai's attack, p stands for move's power and d stands for target's defense. Multipliers are a group of variables that alter the damage without altering any of the Yo-kai's statistics or the move's power. Random Deviation is a random number between 0.9 and 1.
After this calculation is made, the result is truncated and capped at 9999 damage. If the damage calculated is lower than 1, the damage dealt will be 1, provided that the target isn't invincible when attacked.
Attack
The attack value in the calculation depends on the move used. For "physical" moves (labeled with a yellow eight-pointed star), this attack value will be the strength of the attacking Yo-kai plus the strength of the equipment being used (combined strength) times the strength multiplier. For "special" moves (not labeled with the yellow eight-pointed star), the attack value will be the combined spirit stat plus the spirit multiplier. Finally, for Bomb Blast, Bomb Blitz, Mine and Megamine, the attack value will be the average of the combined attack and spirit values times their respective multipliers.
Attack multipliers
As stated in the last section, some circumstances can alter the attack stat of the attacking Yo-kai. To calculate the final multiplier, all bonuses and debuffs the attacking Yo-kai has at the time of performing the attack are added to 1. For instance, if a Yo-kai were to attack while under the effects of Big Attack Boost (+40%), their attack stat would be multiplied by 1.4. If they were to attack under the effects of Big Attack Boost and Double Discourage (-100%), the attack stat would be multiplied by 40%. The resulting multiplier cannot surpass 200% or go under 0%; if it does, these values will be used instead.
These bonuses/debuffs come from different items, moves, skills and such the attacking Yo-kai might be subject to. Most affect both strength and spirit, but the two are calculated separately.
Defense
In a similar fashion to attack, the defense value used will be the combined defense value of the target. The moved used will not change this
Defense multipliers
Defense multipliers work similarly to attack multipliers, but there are some differences to note. The lower bound for the final defense multiplier is 20%, whilst the upper bound is 800%. Unlike attack, there are no separate defense values, so no separation is to be made between stats depending on the move.
Move power
This is the base power of the move used, listed in-game, times the base power multiplier. Said multiplier is calculated by adding any pertinent move-altering effects (such as Hinozall Soul) to 1. For instance, if a Yo-kai has the 400-base-power Mighty Attack on their X button slot while having Hinozall Soul equipped, Mighty Attack's power will increase to 480. This change is not reflected in the move's data.
Multipliers
Multipliers are any other circumstances that may alter the damage dealt without altering any Yo-kai's stats or the move's power. These include (but are not limited to):
Landing a critical hit
The effects of a boss aura
Elemental weaknesses and resistances
Reception
Both versions of Yo-kai Watch Blasters received mixed or average reviews, according to the review aggregator Metacritic.
Sequel
A sequel, was also released in two versions, and on December 16, 2017. The sequel games are linkable with the buster games as well as the three versions of Yo-kai Watch 3 released in Japan.
Busters 2 has not been localized into English and possibly never will due to its low sales, mostly negative reception, and the 3DS family ending production in September 2020.
Notes
References
External links
2015 video games
Level-5 (company) games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo 3DS-only games
Role-playing video games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in Japan
Yo-kai Watch video games
Nintendo games
Percy Isaac Bugbee was an American academic administrator and mathematics professor who served as the second president of the State University of New York at Oneonta.
Percy Isaac Bugbee was born in Colton, New York to John F. and Clementina P. Gates Bugbee. His family soon moved to Canton, New York. He attended and graduated from St. Lawrence University. While in college, he was a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity and the Phi Beta Kappa honor society.
Bugbee was an educator who taught in Colton, and would later serve as principle of schools in Naples, New York and Newark, New York. When the State Normal School at Oneonta (today SUNY Oneonta) opened in 1889, Bugbee become a professor of mathematics there. He would serve in this role until he became the conductor of the New York State Teachers' Association. In 1898, Bugbee was put in charge of the State Normal School at Oneonta, succeeding James M. Milne. He would serve as the second leader of the school until 1933, when he resigned shortly after the death of his wife, Ida Maria Farns.
Bugbee held many honors, and was a skilled orator. He was a member of the Otsego County Draft Board, was once the President of the Council of Normal School Principals, and served on Oneonta's Board of Education for over two decades.
Bugbee was a Universalist Christian.
References
1935 deaths
St. Lawrence University alumni
Presidents of campuses of the State University of New York
Rede Internacional de Televisão (International Television Network, in English), better known as RIT is a Brazilian religious television network, owned by Igreja Internacional da Graça de Deus, led by the missionary R. R. Soares. The programming of this channel is produced for all ages, and almost all of its programming is self-produced. The TV content is interdenominational, meaning that it is produced for the Protestant public in general. Their programs are varied, with children's shows, religious shows, some music shows and journalism.
In Brazil, RIT owns eight owned-and-operated stations, has more than 170 affiliates and more than 120 million viewers in all Brazilian states. RIT is transmitted in Brazil through systems such as UHF, VHF, cable and satellite. This channel also has its own transmission website.
History
RIT was founded on August, 1999. The project was a television channel with quality, but, there were difficulties to do it. The channel succeeded. Time to time, RIT started news and entertainment shows such as "Movimento Jovem", "Consulta ao Doutor", "Zig Zag Show", and others.
References
External links
Official Website
Television networks in Brazil
Portuguese-language television networks
Television channels and stations established in 1999
Evangelical television networks
1999 establishments in Brazil
Sulamani (April 9, 1999 – February 18, 2017) was an Irish-bred thoroughbred race horse who competed and won in Dubai, Europe and North America.
A great-grandson of English Triple Crown champion, Nijinsky, he made his racing debut in April 2002 at age three and finished seventh. Racing in France, he went on to win the prestigious Prix du Jockey Club and was second in the 2002 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. After his Arc placing, he was purchased by Godolphin Racing.
As a four-year-old, Sulamani won the Dubai Sheema Classic but finished fourth in the June 2003 Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud and finished second in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes. In the United States, he won two important races, the Arlington A Million on a disqualification and the Joe Hirsch Turf Classic Invitational Handicap, before finishing fifth in the 2003 Breeders' Cup Turf at Santa Anita Park.
In his final season of racing, Sulamani won the Juddmonte International Stakes at York Racecourse in England and was retired to stud after capturing the Canadian International at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto.
Sulamani died on February 18, 2017.
References
Sulamani's pedigree and partial racing stats
1999 racehorse births
2017 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in France
Racehorses trained in the United Arab Emirates
French Thoroughbred Classic Race winners
Thoroughbred family 16-c
Axium was a Missouri-based band once headed by American Idol season 7 winner David Cook. Their sound was described as Alice in Chains meets Tantric.
History
David Cook formed Axium in his junior year of high school alongside drummer Bobby Kerr. The band was originally called Red Eye, but they changed it because it sounded too much like Pink Eye. The first performance as Axium (actually spelled Axiom at the time) consisted of Cook, Kerr, as well as Matt McLaughlin on guitar and Drew Foss on bass. Foss was soon replaced by Anthony Mazzarella, and this lineup recorded an unnamed 5 song demos. Cook and Kerr then went through a few bass players in search of the perfect band,
but these two always stuck together. It was in May 2001 that Cook and Kerr finally found Jeff Shrout. In June 2004 they recruited Travis Grogan on bass in support of their final studio album, The Story Thus Far. Since then, Bobby Kerr left the band in 2005, followed by David Cook a little over a year later when Axium mutually disbanded in 2006. They performed their last show in Kansas City.
Today, Jeff Shrout is playing lead guitar and writing songs for his band, Sleep Another Year. On bass guitar, is Travis Grogan (former bassist for Axium.) They recently released the EP "We Won't Ask."
Bobby Kerr has recorded two Rat Pack inspired albums since 2006. Currently, Bobby is singing lead and playing guitar in the KISS tribute band, Almost KISS. His character is Paul Stanley's "Starchild."
Success
Axium played with notable acts like 8Stops7, Caroline's Spine, Maroon 5, Fountains of Wayne, and Smash Mouth.
One of the band's songs, "Hold," was picked up by AMC Theatres Movie Tunes and was played before previews on over 20,000 screens nationwide. Axium was also named one of the top 15 independent bands in the country in the "Got Milk?" independent band contest, and it was chosen as the best band in Kansas City in 2004.
Discography
Studio albums
Matter of Time (2002)
Blindsided (2003)
The Story Thus Far (2004)
Live albums
Alive in Tulsa (2004)
Cain's Ballroom Recordings (2003)
Personnel: David Cook (vocals, guitar); Bobby Kerr (drums); Jerron Nichols (bass); Jeff Shrout (guitar); guest vocals on ‘Feed Your Ego' – remix by: Lyrycyst and Godz Disciple
Track list
Feed Your Ego – (Cook/Shrout)
Hold – (Cook/Shrout)
Testament – (Cook/Shrout)
Leave Behind – (Cook/Shrout)
Thought You Knew – (Cook/Shrout)
Just in Case – (Cook/Shrout)
Feed Your Ego (remix) – (Cook/Shrout)
Why Do You Care? (hidden track) – (Cook/Shrout)
Live @ Fishbonz (2004)
Personnel: David Cook (vocals, guitar); Bobby Kerr (drums); Ryan Butler (bass); Jeff Shrout (guitar)
Track list
Testament – (Cook/Shrout)
Clean Break – (Cook/Shrout)
Begin the End – (Butler/Cook)
Whipped – (Butler/Cook)
Rate (Something I'm Not) – (Butler/Cook)
Hold – (Cook/Shrout)
Holding Court – (Cook/Shrout)
Creep (Radiohead cover)
Thought You Knew – (Cook/Shrout)
Freak of the Week (cover)
Somber – (Cook/McLaughlin)
Truth is a Gun – (Cook/Shrout)
Uncovered – (Cook/Shrout)
Welcome to the Funeral (live at The Hurricane) (2006)
Last show performed by the band in Kansas City and the recordings not officially released.
Personnel: David Cook (vocals, guitar); Travis Grogan (bass); Nathan Russell (drums); Jeff Shrout (guitar)
Track list
Welcome to the Funeral – (Cook)
Clean Break – (Cook/Shrout)
Uncovered – (Cook/Shrout)
AC – (Cook/Shrout)
Merch for Sale – (Cook)
Pecking Order – (Cook/Shrout)
Creep (Radiohead cover)
Wavelength (Cook)
Hold – (Cook/Shrout)
Callout – (Cook/Shrout)
Truth is a Gun – (Cook/Shrout)
References
Musical groups established in 1999
American hard rock musical groups
American post-grunge musical groups
Musical groups from Kansas City, Missouri
Rock music groups from Missouri
1999 establishments in Missouri
Aquis Submersus is an 1877 novella by the German writer Theodor Storm. It has also been published as Beneath the Flood. It is set in Northern Germany right after the Thirty Years' War and tells a tragic love story.
Publication
An English translation by Geoffrey Skelton was published in 1962 as Beneath the Flood. New translations under the original title have been published in 1974 and 2015.
Adaptations
The novella was the basis for the 1951 film Immortal Beloved, directed by Veit Harlan. It was also the basis for Wolfgang Schleif's 1979 television drama Wie Rauch und Staub.
References
1877 German novels
German novellas
German novels adapted into films
German-language novels
Novels by Theodor Storm
Novels set in the 17th century
Givaldo is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Givaldo (footballer) or Givaldo Bezerra Cordeiro (born 1935), Brazilian footballer
Givaldo Barbosa (born 1954), Brazilian tennis player
See also
Giraldo
For the Swiss-American Abstract Expressionist artist, see Hans Burkhardt.
Hans O. Burchardt (February 9, 1904 – September 8, 1992) was an American woodcarver who designed animals. His work can be seen at the Museum of Nebraska Art.
References
1904 births
1992 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
Artists from Lincoln, Nebraska
American woodcarvers
Place of birth missing
20th-century American artists
The Haçienda was a nightclub and music venue in Manchester, North West England, which became famous during the Madchester years of the 1980s and early 1990s. It was run by the record label Factory Records.
The club opened in 1982, eventually fostering the Manchester acid house and rave scene in the late 1980s. The early success of Factory band New Order, particularly with their 1983 dance hit "Blue Monday", helped to subsidise the club even as it lost considerable amounts of money (in part due to clubbers' embrace of the street drug ecstasy, which drove down traditional alcohol sales).
The club's subculture was noted by the Chief Constables of Merseyside & Greater Manchester as reducing football hooliganism. Crime and financial troubles plagued its later years, and it finally closed in 1997. It was subsequently demolished and replaced by apartments.
Creation
The former warehouse occupied by the club was at 11–13, Whitworth Street West on the south side of the Rochdale Canal: the frontage was curved and built of red Accrington brick. Before it was turned into a club, The Haçienda was a yacht builder's shop and warehouse.
Originally conceived by Rob Gretton, it was largely financed by the record label Factory Records and the band New Order along with label boss Tony Wilson. It was on the corner of Whitworth Street West and Albion Street, close to Castlefield, on the edge of the city centre. FAC 51 was its official designation in the Factory catalogue. New Order, Tony Wilson and Howard (Ginger) Jones were directors of the club.
Designed by Ben Kelly, upon recommendation by Factory graphic designer Peter Saville, upstairs consisted of a stage, dance area, bar, cloakroom, cafeteria area and balcony with a DJ booth. Downstairs was a cocktail bar called The Gay Traitor, which referred to Anthony Blunt, a British art historian who spied for the Soviet Union. The two other bars, The Kim Philby and Hicks, were named after Blunt's fellow spies. From 1995 onwards, the lower cellar areas of the venue were converted to create the 5th Man, a smaller music venue.
The Sound & Lighting design & installation for the Hacienda was done by Martin Disney Associates and later by Eddie Akka from Akwil Ltd.
Name
The name comes from a slogan of the radical group Situationist International: "The Hacienda Must Be Built", from Formulary for a New Urbanism by Ivan Chtcheglov. A hacienda is a large homestead in a ranch or estate usually in places where Colonial Spanish culture has had architectural influence. Even though the cedilla is not used in Spanish, the spelling "Haçienda" was decided on for the club because the cedilla makes the "çi" resemble "51", the club's catalogue number.
History
The Haçienda was opened on 21 May 1982, when the comedian Bernard Manning remarked to the audience, "I've played some shit-holes during my time, but this is really something." His jokes did not go down well with the crowd and he returned his fee.
A wide range of musical acts appeared at the club. One of the earliest was the German EBM band Liaisons Dangereuses, which played there on 7 July 1982. The Smiths performed there three times in 1983. It served as a venue for Madonna on her first performance in the United Kingdom, where the renowned music photographer Kevin Cummins took photos of the evening on 27 January 1984. She was invited to appear as part of a one-off, live television broadcast by Channel 4 music programme The Tube with then-resident Haçienda DJ Greg Wilson live mixing on the show. Madonna performed "Holiday" whilst at The Haçienda and the performance was described by Norman Cook (better known as Fatboy Slim) as one that "mesmerised the crowd".
At one time, the venue also included a hairdressing salon. As well as club nights there were regular concerts, including one in which Einstürzende Neubauten drilled into the walls that surrounded the stage. The venue was instrumental in the careers of Happy Mondays, Oasis, The Stone Roses, 808 State, Chemical Brothers and Sub Sub.
In 1986, it became one of the first British clubs to start playing house music, with DJs Hewan Clarke, Greg Wilson and later Mike Pickering (of Quando Quango and M People) and Little Martin (later with Graeme Park) hosting the visionary "Nude" night on Fridays. This night quickly became legendary, and helped to turn around the reputation and fortunes of The Haçienda, which went from making a consistent loss to being full every night of the week by early 1987.
Acid house and rave
The growth of the 'Madchester' scene had little to do with the healthy house music scene in Manchester at the time but it was boosted by the success of The Haçienda's pioneering Ibiza night, "Hot", an acid house night hosted by Pickering and Jon DaSilva in July 1988.
However, drug use became a problem. On 14 July 1989, the UK's first ecstasy-related death occurred at the club; 16-year-old Clare Leighton collapsed and died after her boyfriend gave her an ecstasy tablet. The police clampdown that followed was opposed by Manchester City Council, which argued that the club contributed to an "active use of the city centre core" in line with the government's policy of regenerating urban areas. The resulting problems caused the club to close for a short period in early 1991, before reopening with increased security later the same year.
Haçienda DJs made regular and guest appearances on radio and TV shows like Granada TV's Juice, Sunset 102 and BBC Radio 1. Between 1994 and 1997 Hacienda FM was a weekly show on Manchester dance station Kiss 102.
Security was frequently a problem, particularly in the club's latter years. There were several shootings inside and outside the club, and relations with the police and licensing authorities became troubled. When local magistrates and police visited the club in 1997, they witnessed a near-fatal assault on a man in the streets outside when 18-year-old Andrew Delahunty was hit over the head from behind with what looked like a metal bar before being pushed into the path of an on-coming car.
Although security failures at the club were one of the contributing factors to the club eventually closing, the most likely cause was its finances. The club simply did not make enough money from the sale of alcohol, and this was mainly because many patrons instead turned to drug use. As a result, the club rarely broke even as alcohol sales are the main source of income for nightclubs. Ultimately, the club's long-term future was crippled and, with spiralling debts, The Haçienda eventually closed definitively in the summer of 1997. Peter Hook stated in 2009 that The Haçienda lost up to £18 million in its latter years.
Legacy
The Haçienda lost its entertainments licence in June 1997. The last night of the club was 28 June 1997, a club night called "Freak" featuring Elliot Eastwick and Dave Haslam (the final live performance was by Spiritualized on 15 June 1997). The club remained open for a short period as an art gallery before finally going bankrupt and closing for good. After The Haçienda officially closed, it was used as a venue for two free parties organised by the Manchester free party scene. One of the parties ended in a police siege of the building while the party continued inside. These parties resulted in considerable damage and the application of graffiti to the Ben Kelly-designed interior.
Following a number of years standing empty, the Whitworth Street West site was purchased from the receivers by Crosby Homes. They chose to demolish the nightclub, and reuse the site for the construction of domestic flats. The old name was kept for the new development, with The Haçienda name licensed from Peter Hook, who owns the name and trademark. The nightclub was demolished in 2002—Crosby Homes had acquired the property some time before that and, on Saturday 25 November 2000, had held a charity auction of the various fixtures and fittings from the nightclub. Clubgoers and enthusiasts from across the country attended to buy memorabilia ranging from the DJ booth box and radiators to emergency exit lights. The DJ booth was bought by Bobby Langley, ex-Haçienda DJ and Head of Merchandise for Sony Music London for an undisclosed fee.
Crosby Homes were widely criticised for using The Haçienda brand name—and featuring the strapline "Now the party's over...you can come home" in the promotional material. Another controversial feature of the branding campaign was the appropriation of many of the themes which ran through the original building. One of these was the yellow and black hazard stripe motif which was a powerful element in the club's original design, featuring as it did on the club's dominant supporting pillars and later in much of the club's literature and flyers.
Michael Winterbottom's 2002 film 24 Hour Party People starring Steve Coogan as Tony Wilson, tells the story of The Haçienda. The film was shot in 2001, and required reconstructing The Haçienda as a temporary set in a Manchester factory, which was then opened to ticket holders for a night, acting as a full-scale nightclub (except with free bar) as the film shooting took place.
The Manchester exhibition centre Urbis hosted an exhibition celebrating the 25th anniversary of the club's opening, which ran from mid-July 2007 until mid-February 2008. Peter Hook and many others of those originally involved contributed or loaned material.
The Manchester Museum of Science and Industry now holds a variety of Haçienda and Factory records artefacts, including the main loading bay doors from the club, and a wide array of posters, fliers and props. Rob Gretton bequeathed his collection of Haçienda memorabilia to the museum.
In October 2009, Peter Hook published his book on his time as co-owner of The Haçienda, How Not to Run a Club.
In 2010, Peter Hook had six bass guitars made using wood from The Haçienda's dancefloor. The fret boards have been made from dancefloor planks, so they have "stiletto marks and cigarette burns".
See also
Freaky Dancing, a 1989-1990 fanzine
List of electronic dance music venues
References
Bibliography
External links
Pride Of Manchester Haçienda memories by Haçienda DJ Dave Haslam
Haçienda Profile - Profile on the club & more on rave
Ben Kelly Design - gallery of interior photos of The Haçienda
Fantazia.org.uk - Fantazia/Haçienda flyer from 1992
The Haçienda Story
The first Hacienda DJ Booth
Hacienda DJ Booth Story
Nightclubs in Manchester
Defunct nightclubs in the United Kingdom
Demolished buildings and structures in Manchester
History of Manchester
Madchester
Music venues in Manchester
Electronic dance music venues
Factory Records
Music venues completed in 1982
1982 establishments in England
1997 disestablishments in England
Warehouses in England
Buildings and structures demolished in 2002
Dmitrii (or Dmitry) Valerevich Treschev (Дмитрий Валерьевич Трещёв, born 25 October 1964 im Olenegorsk, Murmansk Oblast) is a Russian mathematician and mathematical physicist, specializing in dynamical systems of classical mechanics.
Education and career
Treschev completed his secondary study in 1981 with degree from the Специализированный учебно-научный центр (СУНЦ) МГУ имени А.Н. Колмогорова (Specialized Educational and Scientific Center, МГУ, Physics and Mathematics Boarding School No. 18 named after A. N. Kolmogorov). Treschev completed his undergraduate study in 1986 with degree from the Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics, Moscow State University. There in 1988 he received his Candidate of Sciences degree (PhD) with thesis Геометрические методы исследования периодических траекторий динамических систем (Geometric methods of investigation of periodic trajectories of dynamical systems) under the supervision of Valerii Vasilievich Kozlov. In 1992 Treschev received his Russian Doctor of Sciences degree (habilitation) with thesis Качественные методы исследования гамильтоновых систем, близких к интегрируемым (Qualitative methods for studying Hamiltonian systems close to integrable).
At the secondary school СУНЦ, Treschev taught as a professor in the Department of Mathematics from 1986 until his resignation. At Moscow State University, he is since 1993 a leading researcher, since 1998 a professor, and since 2006 head of the Department of Theoretical Mechanics. At the Steklov Institute he became in 2005 a chief researcher and the deputy director for research and is since 2017 the director for research. He is the author or coauthor of over 70 scientific publications. Together with V. V. Kozlov, he supervises the seminar Избранные задачи классической динамики (Selected problems of classical dynamics).
Treschev's research deals with integrability and non-integrability, dynamical stability, KAM theory, separatrix splitting, averaging in slow-fast systems, chaos in Hamiltonian dynamics, Arnold diffusion, statistical mechanics, and ergodic theory. He has served on the editorial boards of the journals Nonlinearity (1st published in 1988), Chaos, Mathematical Notes, and Regular and Chaotic Dynamics (first published in 2007).
In 1995 Treschev was a Laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation for young scientists. In 2007 he was awarded the Lyapunov Prize. He was elected in 2003 a corresponding member and in 2016 a full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences. In 2002 he was an invited speaker with talk Continuous averaging in dynamical systems at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Beijing.
Selected publications
Articles
Books
References
External links
mathnet.ru
1964 births
Living people
Moscow State University alumni
Moscow State University faculty
Steklov Institute of Mathematics faculty
20th-century Russian mathematicians
21st-century Russian mathematicians
Dynamical systems theorists
Mathematical physicists
James Bongani Kamte (born 20 July 1982), nicknamed "Cobra", is a South African professional golfer. He has played on the Sunshine Tour, Challenge Tour, European Tour, and Asian Tour. He earned his tour card for the 2008 European Tour season by finishing in the top 30 of the qualifying school.
Early life
Kamte was a football player in his childhood and his nickname, "Cobra", comes from his football days.
He grew up in Kwanomzamo Humansdorp, and received a bursary through several Golf clubs in the St Francis area and Nomads Golf Club, to attend Woodridge College where he matriculated in 2000.
Career overview
James Kamte turned professional in 2003 after representing Gauteng in the Under-23 division, and subsequently in the Gauteng Seniors side.
Career highlights
2007 was successful for Kamte. On the Sunshine Tour, he started his run on 2 July by finishing second in the Samsung Royal Swazi Sun Open, closely followed by another second-place finish at the Vodacom Origins Tournament in Pretoria a week later.
On the European Challenge Tour, Kamte's best finish has been second place in the Kenya Open in Nairobi, Kenya. He also had a fourth-place finish at the Vodafone Challenge in Germany.
After a good run of form, James went on to win his first Sunshine Tour victory at the Seekers Travel Pro-Am tournament at the Dainfern Country Club, Johannesburg on 8 September 2007.
On 8 June 2009, Kamte qualified for the 2009 U.S. Open through sectional qualifying in Columbus, Ohio.
He won his fourth Sunshine Tour event at the BMG Classic in 2011.
European Tour – 2008
Kamte came through the European Tour qualifying school, finishing tied for 22nd place, right on the cut-off line for the top 30 and ties who earn their playing privileges on the main European Tour for the 2008 season. This made him the first black South African player to earn European Tour playing privileges since Vincent Tshabalala in 1976. He ended the season ranked 138th on the Order of Merit, meaning Kamte would have limited playing opportunities for the 2009 season.
Kamte followed up his performance at the European qualifying school by winning the Sunshine Tour's Dimension Data Pro-Am in January 2008, becoming the first black South African golfer to win an event on the summer swing of that tour.
Asian Tour – 2009
With limited status on the European Tour, Kamte entered the Asian Tour qualifying school for 2009 and finished fourth. He followed up this success by winning the first event of the 2009 season, the Asian Tour International in Thailand, thus guaranteeing Kamte starts in events co-sanctioned by the Asian and European tours for the remainder of the season.
Amateur highlights
Ranked 5th in South Africa before turning professional
SA Presidents Team Colours 2003 (Captain)
2nd North Province Open Strokeplay (2003)
T3rd SA Amateur Strokeplay 2002
2nd Nomads Central Gauteng Under-23 Open 2002
1st Gauteng North Open 2002
3rd Freestate/Northern Cape Open 2002
7th Gauteng North Etonic Strokeplay 2002
Ernie Els Foundation Member 2000–2003
2nd Gauteng Strokeplay 2001
Professional wins (5)
Asian Tour wins (1)
Sunshine Tour wins (4)
Sunshine Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
Note: Kamte only played in the U.S. Open.
See also
2007 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
2009 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
List of African golfers
References
External links
South African male golfers
European Tour golfers
Sunshine Tour golfers
Asian Tour golfers
Golfers from Johannesburg
Sportspeople from the Eastern Cape
People from Humansdorp
1982 births
Living people
Corner of a Café-Concert is an 1879 oil on canvas painting by Édouard Manet, now in the National Gallery, London. It is related to his The Waitress.
The two café-concerts
In August 1874, Manet began work on a large painting of the Brasserie de Reichshoffen Café-concert in the Reichshoffen, where he was fascinated by the skill of the waitresses. While working on the picture, he drastically changed his plans and cut it into two parts which he developed independently, completing each half separately.
This instant view of the cafe is the right side of the larger painting. The model of the beer waitress of the Coin de café-concert is one of the waitresses of the Reichshoffen brewery. According to Duret and Moreau-Nelataon, the waitress agreed to go to Manet's studio, rue d'Amsterdam, to pose.
References
Collections of the National Gallery, London
Paintings by Édouard Manet
1879 paintings
Food and drink paintings
Dance in art
Willard Maas (June 24, 1906 – January 2, 1971) was an American experimental filmmaker and poet.
Personal life and career
Maas was born in Lindsay, California and graduated from State Teachers College at San Jose. He came to New York in the 1930s and continued his education at Long Island College and Columbia University. He was the husband of filmmaker Marie Menken. The couple, married in 1937, achieved some renown in New York City's modern art world from the 1940s through the 1960s, both for their experimental films and for their salons, which brought together artists, writers, filmmakers and intellectuals. Maas had extramarital homosexual relations, but Menken apparently did not resent them; their shouting matches were instead a kind of "exercise".
According to their associate Andy Warhol, "Willard and Marie were the last of the great bohemians. They wrote and filmed and drank—their friends called them 'scholarly drunks'—and were involved with all the modern poets."
In the 1960s, Maas was a faculty member at Wagner College and an organizer of the New York City Writer's Conference at the college, where Edward Albee was a writer in residence. The filmmaker Kenneth Anger indicates that Maas and Menken may have been a significant part of the inspiration for the characters of George and Martha in Albee's 1962 play Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?.
Maas died in Brooklyn Heights on January 2, 1971, four days after Menken had died of an alcohol-related illness. He was cremated.
The Maas/Menken materials and letters are at the University of Texas at Austin. A selection of them is on deposit/loan (in Trust) at the Anthology Film Archives in New York. The Willard Maas Papers—a collection of about 500 letters, manuscripts, page proofs, photographs, drawings, play scripts, and film scripts from 1931 to 1967—is housed at Brown University.
Films
As director
1943 – Geography of the Body (with Marie Menken)
1955 – The Mechanics of Love (with Ben Moore) original zither score by John Gruen
1943–48 – Image in the Snow
1956 – Narcissus (a film poem by Ben Moore and Willard Maas)
1966 – Andy Warhol's Silver Flotations
1967 – Orgia
As cinematographer
1955 – Dionysis (directed by Charles Boultenhouse, co-cinematography by Menken)
1956 – Narcissus
As actor
1965 – A Valentine for Marie (directed by John H. Hawkins)
References
External links
"Willard Maas (1909–1971)", UbuWeb
American experimental filmmakers
1906 births
1971 deaths
Artists from Brooklyn
Film directors from California
San Jose State University alumni
Columbia University alumni
LGBT film directors
LGBT people from California
LGBT people from New York (state)
American male poets
20th-century American poets
Poets from California
Poets from New York (state)
American LGBT poets
20th-century American male writers
20th-century LGBT people
Pritykinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pezhemskoye Rural Settlement of Velsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 146 as of 2014. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Pritykinskaya is located 27 km southwest of Velsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Fedkovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Velsky District
Tears from Heaven is the fourth volume of the American comics series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers, Gilbert and Jaime, and published in 1988.
The cover of the compilation is by Gilbert Hernandez, the back cover by Jaime. Gilbert and Jaime's brother, Mario Hernandez, does not participate to this book, except for one cover.
Contents
These stories are dated 1983–1988.
Chronology
Previous album: Las Mujeres Perdidas <-> Next album: House of Raging Women.
Comics publications
American graphic novels
Fantagraphics titles
The Kappa Sigma Fraternity House is a historic fraternity house at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in Champaign, Illinois. The house was built in 1911 for the Alpha Gamma chapter of the Kappa Sigma fraternity; it was one of the university's first large fraternity houses. The fraternity was established in 1891; it was the first fraternity formed at the university after it lifted its prohibition on fraternities. Football coach Robert Lackey helped found the fraternity, and during its early years many of the university's best athletes were members. Architect Archie H. Hubbard, himself an early member of the fraternity, designed the house in the Italian Renaissance Revival style. The three-story brick building features a loggia on the two side facades and belt courses dividing the floors. The upper two stories of the building have distinctive diamond-patterned brickwork.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 28, 1989.
References
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Renaissance Revival architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1911
National Register of Historic Places in Champaign County, Illinois
Buildings and structures of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Fraternity and sorority houses
Buildings and structures in Champaign, Illinois
This is a list of Romanian brands:
Poiana (chocolate)
Carpați (cigarette)
Polidin, an immunomodulator vaccine
Cantastim, a drug used to stimulate the immune system
Faringosept, pills for neck pains
References
Romanian brands
Brands
The Madrid Defense Council () was an ad-hoc governing body that ran Madrid, Spain, for about six months during the Spanish Civil War (1936–39). It was formed in November 1936 after the Spanish Republican government had fled to Valencia when General Francisco Franco's forces advanced on Madrid. It was expected that the city would fall within a few days, but the arrival of the International Brigades halted the rebel advance, and the situation settled into a stalemate. The council was dominated by communists, who had superior organization and propaganda to the other groups. Their policy was to organize the militias into regular troops and focus on defeating the enemy, rather than to undertake revolutionary activity. As time passed there was growing tension between the communists and more radical groups. The council was dissolved in April 1937 and replaced by a new city council.
First days
At the start of November 1936 the rebel armies led by General Francisco Franco approached Madrid, brushing aside the untrained and ill-equipped militias they encountered.
The government of the Second Spanish Republic under Francisco Largo Caballero had done nothing to prepare the capital's defenses for fear of alarming the population.
The government fled from Madrid to Valencia on 6 November 1936, leaving General José Miaja to govern the city and mobilize civilians for defense.
Miaja was told to defend the capital "at all costs", an apparently hopeless assignment.
In sealed orders, which Miaja opened after the politicians had left, he was given authority to create a Defense Council.
The international press reported that Madrid would not be defended, and General Franco declared prematurely that the city had been liberated.
Radio Lisbon even reported Franco's victorious entry into the city.
On 7 November the first troops of Franco's Army of Africa reached the Casa de Campo on the edge of the city.
Formation of the Madrid Defense Council was announced that day,
The Defense Council was desperately short of men and munitions. However, Franco's forces were over-extended, with only 3,000 men available to push into the city, and Franco was naturally cautious. The first units of the International Brigades reached the city on 8 November 1936 and were immediately thrown into action.
As more units came into action the rebel advance was halted. By 23 November a stalemate had been reached, with both sides exhausted.
Council composition
Miaja, a conservative but also a republican loyalist, was very close to the Spanish Communist Party (Partido Comunista Español, PCE), whose propaganda made him a symbol of Madrid's resistance to Fascism. Many later claimed that Miaja was himself a PCE member.
Pedro Checa and Antonio Mije arranged with Miaja for strong representation of Communists in the council.
Miaja had been instructed that membership should include all parties "in proportion to their representation in the government."
The communists gained more seats in the council than they should have on that basis.
The PCE and the affiliated Unified Socialist Youth (JSU: Juventudes Socialistas Unificadas) were the best organized groups with the most effective propaganda, and dominated the council.
The anarcho-syndicalist CNT also readily joined the council, declaring "Long live Madrid without government!"
The anti-Stalinist POUM (Partido Obrero de Unificación Marxista, Workers' Party of Marxist Unification) was excluded from the council at the insistence of the communists.
The POUM paper La Batalla claimed that the Soviet ambassador had intervened to have POUM excluded.
Because most of the leading politicians had left the city, the members of the council were, as Vicente Rojo Lluch wrote, mostly "young men who had voluntarily decided to remain in the city ready to participate actively in its defense."
According to a group of parliamentarians from Britain who visited Madrid early in the struggle, "The Civil Government seems to be largely in the hands of young men, sometimes barely of age. They are enthusiastic working-class lads mostly, who appear to be honestly and energetically trying to do their best."
The communists held most of the important posts, and were strong in the Propaganda and Press department.
The German communist Kurt Hager, alias Félix Albin, was head of the official Radio Madrid.
The communists gained prestige and influence from the contribution of the International Brigades and the supply of tanks, airplanes and advisers that began to be delivered from the Soviet Union.
Activities
The council became the de facto government of Madrid.
It was based in the War Ministry.
Santiago Carrillo, Councillor of Public Order, appointed five of his closest associates to the key positions in his department.
All were communist party members, or would join soon after. The communists soon had full control of the police.
Pablo Yagüe's first action as Councillor of Supplies was to impose controls that limited shoppers to buying food at one store.
If supplies there were exhausted they could try other stores in the same district.
As the siege took effect, he had to deal with upward pressure on prices.
The Defense Council was restructured and renamed the Junta Delegada de Defensa de Madrid, or the Delegate Defense Council of Madrid, to comply with an order of 25 November 1936 by Largo Caballero. This was to affirm that the council was subordinate to the government.
After the change of name the members were called Delegates rather than Councillors.
On 2 December 1936 the Defense Council reconvened with Miaja as chairman.
Various changes took place in the weeks that followed.
On 12 December 1936 newspapers reported that the council had decided that the militia groups would be organized into regular army units, and only these units would be eligible for pay and provisions.
On 23 December 1936 Yagüe was stopped at a roadblock on the Zaragoza road manned by anarchists. When he tried to drive on, he was shot in the back.
Due to the severity of his wounds, Yagüe was relieved as a member of the Council and replaced by Luis Nieto de la Fuente, his deputy.
On 24 December General Miaja proclaimed that militias should withdraw from all checkpoints around and within the city, to be replaced by Security and Assault Guards.
There were various incidents where CNT or PCE members were found dead in the streets with their membership cards in their mouths. A decree was issued to disarm militiamen who did not have a permit from the Public Order Delegate, but the Council rejected the decree.
On 16 January 1937 the Council reorganized its propaganda department to give it greater control over censorship, exhibitions and posters. Most of the posters were produced by the UGT's Sindicato de Dibujantes Profesionales (Union of Professional Draftsmen).
The council's posters stressed the importance of the primary goal of defending the "democratic republic" and defeating the rebels, and attacked revolutionaries who wanted radical social and political changes. They wanted a centralized military force, and expected women to leave the front and replace men in the farms and factories.
This was counter to the beliefs of some parts of the CNT and of the Trotskyist POUM, who demanded changes such as collective ownership of all means of production.
On 29 January 1937 Isidoro Diéguez Dueñas proposed that the POUM radio station in Madrid and its newspaper El Combatiente Rojo should be seized, since he claimed they had been devoted "solely and exclusively to combating the government and the Popular Front." The measure was approved unanimously. José Cazorla then declared that he would take over all the POUM's buildings and vehicles, since it was now "illegal". This was also passed without opposition.
The communist press said the council's decision to close the paper was proof that the POUM was fascist.
After the fall of Málaga in February 1937 the junta launched a campaign to purge the army of appointees by Largo Caballero who resisted its authority.
By April 1937 there was increasing tension between the CNT and the communists, and it seemed that the Socialists, Anarchists and Republicans were starting to form an anti-communist front.
Largo Caballero was feeling increasingly isolated, and resented the public acclaim of Miaja's success.
He dissolved the council on 23 April 1937.
The pretext was an article in the CNT journal Solidaridad Obera that disclosed that the JSU, which was responsible for public order, had closed an anarchist paper in which Melchor Rodríguez García, Director of Prisons in Madrid, had revealed that the Communists were operating secret prisons.
Rodríguez had published details of torture in these prisons, and blamed the communist Security Delegate José Cazorla.
The Defense Council was replaced by a new city council.
Members
The council members were:
Notes
Sources
Organisations of the Spanish Civil War
Spanish Revolution of 1936
Spanish Civil War
1936 establishments in Spain
National/State Road 37 is an IB-class road in eastern Serbia, connecting Selište with Vražogrnac. It is located in Southern and Eastern Serbia.
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013, the route wore the following names: P 105, P 106б, P 106 (before 2012) / 129 and 25 (after 2012).
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes. By the valid Space Plan of Republic of Serbia the road is not planned for upgrading to motorway, and is expected to be conditioned in its current state.
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia (Putevi Srbije)
Official website - Corridors of Serbia (Koridori Srbije) (Serbian)
State roads in Serbia
Adventure Rupes is an escarpment on Mercury approximately long located in the southern hemisphere of Mercury. Discovered by the Mariner 10 spacecraft in 1974, it was formed by a thrust fault, thought to have occurred due to the shrinkage of the planet's core as it cooled over time.
Adventure Rupes has an arcuate shape with the scarp face on convex side of the arc. It has a relief of about 1.3 km and is a continuation of Resolution Rupes and Discovery Rupes along a rough arc, which extends for more than 1000 km. Adventure Rupes is separated from Resolution Rupes by a high relief ridge informally named Rabelais Dorsum, which crosscuts the scarps. This means that Resolution Rupes and Adventure Rupes may be parts of one large structure similar in length to Discovery Rupes.
The scarp is named after HMS Adventure, one of James Cook's ships on his second voyage to the Pacific, 1772–1775.
References
Scarps on Mercury
The Snipe is an American sailing dinghy that was designed by William F. Crosby as a one design racer and first built in 1931.
The boat is a World Sailing recognized international class.
Sailboatdata.com summarizes the design as "one of the most popular sailing dinghies ever. (In its heyday, the largest sailboat racing class). Origins in the US. Built, sailed and raced around the world to this day."
Production
In the past the design has built by Grampian Marine in Canada; Eichenlaub Boat Co., Jack A. Helms Co., Lofland Sail-craft, Nickels Boat Works and W. D. Schock Corp in the United States; Cantiere Nautico Lillia in Italy; Chantier Aubin in France and AX Boats in Spain.
W. D. Schock Corp records indicate that they built 165 boats between 1963 and 1970.
Today the boat is built by Jibetech in the United States, Zeltic in Spain and DB Marine in Italy.
More than 31,000 Snipes have been delivered.
Design
The Snipe is a racing sailboat, with early examples built with wooden hulls and more recent ones with hulls made from fiberglass. It has a fractional sloop rig, a spooned raked stem, an angled transom, a transom-hung rudder controlled by a tiller with an extension and a retractable daggerboard. It displaces .
The boat has a draft of with the daggerboard extended and with it retracted, allowing operation in shallow water, beaching or ground transportation on a trailer.
For sailing downwind the design may be equipped with a whisker pole to hold the jib out, but neither a spinnaker nor a crew trapeze are permitted in the class rules.
The boat has a Portsmouth Yardstick D-PN handicap of 91.9 and an RYA-PN of 1117.
Operational history
The boat is supported by an active class club that organizes racing events, the Snipe Class International Racing Association (SCIRA), which has a large number of Snipe fleets across many countries.
In an August 1959 review for Sports Illustrated, Thomas Atkinson reported, "Unlike many class boats which were designed as pure racing machines, however, the Snipe offers more than speed and thrills. It is a miniature yacht as well as a racing boat, and despite the fact that newer and faster classes continually appear, the Snipe is more in demand than ever. Snipes, in fact, are so much fun they have become the most popular boat in the world. Today there are more than 8,000 of the little 15-footers in commission, sailing out of 250 active racing fleets from Trieste to Tokyo and even in such Iron Curtain countries as Poland, and last year over 400 more were added to the class."
Events
Snipe World Championships
Snipe European Championship
Snipe North American Championship
Snipe South American Championship
Snipe Western Hemisphere & Orient Championship
Sailing at the 2011 Pan American Games – Snipe
Sailing at the 2015 Pan American Games – Snipe
United States Snipe National Championship
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
External links
Jibetech official website
Zeltec official website
DB Marine official website
Hutchinson v. Proxmire, 443 U.S. 111 (1979), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that statements made by a Senator in newsletters and press releases were not protected by the Speech or Debate Clause.
Background
In 1975, Senator William Proxmire created the "Golden Fleece Award" for governmental agencies that sponsored programs and research which Proxmire considered a waste of tax dollars. Proxmire awarded a Golden Fleece to federal agencies sponsoring the research of behavioral scientist Ronald Hutchinson. Proxmire discussed Hutchinson's work, which he called "nonsense", in detail on the Senate floor, in conferences with his staff, and in a newsletter sent to over 100,000 of his constituents. The newsletter, which did not use Hutchinson's name, reported that "[t]he NSF, the Space Agency, and the Office of Naval Research won the 'Golden Fleece' for spending jointly $500,000 to determine why monkeys clench their jaws." Hutchinson sued Proxmire for libel, claiming that Proxmire's statements were defamatory and that he had been damaged by these libelous statements.
Hutchinson filed a lawsuit against Proxmire in the United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin claiming $8 million in damages for defamation, malicious conduct or conduct with grossly negligent disregard for the truth, invasion of rights to privacy, and intentional infliction of emotional anguish. The district court considered the following questions:
Whether a press release issued by the United States Senate Service Department containing similar content to a Senate floor speech made by Proxmire was privileged under the speech or debate clause of the United States constitution.
Whether statements made by Proxmire were libelous or defamatory.
The respondents moved for summary judgment. The district court held that the press release was privileged under the Speech and Debate Clause, writing the "press release, in a constitutional sense, was no different than would have been a television or radio broadcast of his speech from the Senate floor." On the question of defamation, the district court considered whether Hutchinson was a public figure:
Given Dr. Hutchinson's long involvement with publicly funded research, his active solicitation of federal and state grants, the local press coverage of his research, and the public interest in the expenditure of public funds on the precise activities in which he voluntarily participated, the court concludes that he is a public figure for the purpose of this suit. As he acknowledged in his deposition, "Certainly, any expenditure of public funds is a matter of public interest."
Finding that Hutchinson was a public figure, the court moved on to the question of whether Proxmire had acted with actual malice. Finding that there was no "genuine issue of material fact" the court granted the motion for summary judgment in favor of Proxmire.
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed, holding that Proxmire's statements in the press release and newsletters were protected by the Speech and Debate Clause. Though they found that comments made on television and during telephone calls were not protected by that Clause, the Court held that they were still protected by the First Amendment because the petitioner was a "public figure" and had not made a sufficient showing of "actual malice."
Opinion of the Court
Having granted certiorari the Supreme Court considered three questions:
the scope of the Speech and Debate Clause
the First Amendment claims
the appropriateness of summary judgment, under constitutional and state law
The Supreme Court decided that statements made by Congressmen in press releases and newsletters are not protected by the Speech and Debate Clause. In the course of their analysis, they determined that, under the precedents of the court, a member of Congress may be held liable for republishing defamatory statements that were originally made during floor speeches. They also found that Hutchinson was not a public figure and that the "actual malice" standard established by New York Times Co. v. Sullivan for defamation claims brought by public figure did not apply to Hutchinson's case. Although Hutchinson did have access to the news media, the facts of the case do not indicate "that he was a public figure prior to the controversy" that resulted from the Golden Fleece award. The Court wrote:
His access, such as it was, came after the alleged libel, and was limited to responding to the announcement of the award. Those charged with alleged defamation cannot, by their own conduct, create their own defense by making the claimant a public figure. Nor is the concern about public expenditures sufficient to make petitioner a public figure, petitioner at no time having assumed any role of public prominence in the broad question of such concern
They reversed the lower court decision and remanded back to the appeals court for further proceedings.
Subsequent proceedings
Following the Supreme Court ruling, the case returned to the district court on remand. Proxmire sought dismissal. "Proxmire and Hutchinson [each] won some legal points, but neither scored a knockout." As Proxmire put it, "The district court concluded that neither I nor my legislative assistant defamed Dr. Hutchinson. The court of appeals recently held that Dr. Hutchinson is entitled to reconsideration of this ruling. Dr. Hutchinson and I, however, have agreed that further litigation is unnecessary," instead agreeing to a settlement. Proxmire agreed to pay Hutchinson $10,000 out of his own pocket; the Senate covered Proxmire's $124,351 in legal bills. While stopping short of an apology or recantation, Proxmire took to the Senate floor on March 24, 1980, stating in part, "Some of my statements concerning Dr. Hutchinson's research may be subject to an interpretation different from the one I intended and I am happy to clarify them.”
Specifically, Proxmire made these clarifications:
I stated that all of the public funding was given to Dr. Hutchinson of Kalamazoo State Hospital. While Dr. Hutchinson directed the research, the Federal funding went to the State of Michigan for this research. Dr. Hutchinson received his salary as an employee of the State.
I stated that Dr. Hutchinson's projects were extremely similar and perhaps duplicative. I know of no evidence that Dr. Hutchinson ever received extra money for work that duplicated earlier work that had already been funded.
In my press release, I stated that Dr. Hutchinson made a fortune from his monkeys. While the amount of Federal expenditure was large and provided support for Dr. Hutchinson's research for a number of years, the fact is that Dr. Hutchinson did not [make] a personal fortune.
Proxmire continued to issue the Golden Fleece Award until his retirement from the Senate in 1989.
References
External links
</ref>
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
United States defamation case law
United States separation of powers case law
1979 in United States case law
Blackwater Creek Nature Preserve is a area of conservation land in northeast Hillsborough County, Florida near Plant City. Hikers can enjoy 6 miles of sunny, grassy hiking trails winding through the open pine flatwoods to an overlook on Blackwater Creek.
Facilities
This land is kept in a primitive state for the benefit of the native plants and wildlife. There is no running water and no restroom available at the preserve. The parking lot, located at the end of Patrinostro Rd. in Plant City, has a kiosk with trail information and two picnic tables for visitors to enjoy. Bicyclists are not permitted and there is no camping or hunting allowed on the preserve. The preserve is open from sunrise to sunset seven days a week.
History
The preserve was purchased in sections, beginning in 1997, with funds from the Jan K. Platt Environmental Lands Acquisition and Protection Program and the Florida Communities Trust. The land was previously used for low-impact cattle grazing and silviculture. The preserve was purchased to protect the watershed of Blackwater Creek, provide habitat for native plants and animals, and provide recreational opportunities for the surrounding community. Staff maintain trails and the parking area, perform prescribed fire to benefit native plants and wildlife, monitor wildlife, and remove invasive plants such as cogon grass and chinese tallow tree.
Flora and Fauna
The preserve's natural communities include pine savannah, pine flatwoods, cypress domes, and riverine habitat along Blackwater Creek and a second unnamed creek that also runs through the property. Wildlife in the area include white-tailed deer, turkey, southern fox squirrels, gopher tortoises, dusky pigmy rattlesnakes, and Eastern bluebirds.
References
Protected areas of Hillsborough County, Florida
Nature reserves in Florida
1997 establishments in Florida
The 1981 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 50th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Kerry entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by Cork in the Munster final.
On 20 September 1981, Cork won the championship following a 4-9 to 2-7 defeat of Derry in the All-Ireland final. This was their seventh All-Ireland title overall and their first in seven championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Quarter-Final
Galway 1-13 Leitrim 1-6 Castlebar.
Semi-Finals
Roscommon 2-6 Mayo 1-6 Roscommon.
Mayo 2-8 Galway 0-5 Tuam.
Final
Roscommon 2-8 Mayo 3-4 Castlebar.
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
August 9th Cork 5-11 Roscommon 3-5 at Croke Park.
Final
References
1981
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Israil Madrimov (born 16 February 1995) is an Uzbek professional boxer. As an amateur, while representing Uzbekistan, he won a silver medal in the welterweight division at the 2014 Asian Games and gold in the middleweight division at the 2018 edition.
Amateur career
At the international level, Madrimov won gold medals at the 2017 Asian Championships and 2018 Asian Games, and silver medals at the 2011 Junior World Championships; 2013 Asian Youth Championships; and 2014 Asian Games. At national level he won the 2013 and 2016 Uzbekistan National Championships, and placed second at the 2014 edition.
Results
AIBA World Championships
2017
Defeated Azizbek Achilov (Turkey) TKO 3
Lost to Troy Isley (United States) 2–3
Asian Games
2014
Defeated Dipesh Lama (Nepal) TKO 2
Defeated Yasuhiro Suzuki (Japan) TKO 3
Defeated Apichet Saensit (Thailand) 3–0
Lost to Daniyar Yeleussinov (Kazakhstan) 0–3
2018
Defeated Davaasürengiin Davaanyam (Mongolia) 5–0
Defeated Shahin Mousavi (Iran) 5–0
Defeated Eumir Marcial (Philippines) 3–2
Defeated Abilkhan Amankul (Kazakhstan) 3–2
Asian Championships
2017
Defeated Qasim Abudabaat (Palestine) TKO 1
Defeated Eumir Marcial (Philippines) 5–0
Defeated Abilkhan Amankul (Kazakhstan) 5–0
Defeated Lee Dong-Jin (Korea) 4–1
Professional career
Madrimov made his professional debut on 24 November 2018, against Vladimir Hernandez at the Hard Rock Live in Atlantic City, New Jersey, with the vacant WBA Inter-Continental super-welterweight title on the line. Madrimov dropped his opponent in round three en route to a sixth-round technical knockout (TKO) victory. At the time of the stoppage, Madrimov was ahead on all three judges' scorecards (50–44, 50–43, 49–45). The fight was part of the undercard for Dmitry Bivol's successful world title defence against Jean Pascal. Madrimov made the first defence of his title, again on the undercard of a Dmitry Bivol world title fight – this time against Joe Smith Jr. – on 9 March 2019 against Frank Rojas at the Turning Stone Resort & Casino in Verona, New York. Madrimov dropped his opponent in round two with a left hook. Rojas rose to his feet before the referee's count of ten, only to be knocked unconscious moments later with another powerful left hook, giving Madrimov the win via second-round knockout (KO). Two days before the fight it was announced Madrimov's promoters, World of Boxing, had signed a co-promotional deal with Eddie Hearn's Matchroom Boxing USA. Following a sixth-round TKO win over Norberto Gonzalez in June, Madrimov defended his title for a second time against Alejandro Barrera on 5 October 2019 at Madison Square Garden, New York City, on the undercard of the Gennady Golovkin vs. Sergiy Derevyanchenko world title fight. Madrimov retained his title with a fifth-round TKO.
On 15 August 2020, Madrimov fought Eric Walker in the co-main event on a DAZN-televised card in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Madrimov won the fight by unanimous decision, however there was controversy because it appeared that Madrimov had knocked Walker down and out with a legal punch in the 9th round of the fight, but referee Gary Ritter ruled that it was not a knockdown or a knockout, but rather that Madrimov had illegally knocked Walker down with his shoulder. As Walker remained down on the canvas for a minute, telling Ritter that he was dizzy, Ritter implored the fighter to get back up. After a minute, Walker stood up, stumbled into the ropes and then collapsed into the corner. Ritter gave Walker 5 minutes to recover and then restarted the fight, allowing Walker to take further punishment for 2+ rounds. Hall of Fame referee Steve Smoger admonished Ritter after the fight for not ruling a knockdown and subsequent knockout and allowing Walker to take unnecessary punishment afterward. Garry Ritter was criticized by the public for not ruling the fight a knockout in the 9th round, and allowing Walker to take further punishment.
Professional boxing record
References
Living people
1995 births
Uzbekistani male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Asian Games gold medalists for Uzbekistan
Asian Games silver medalists for Uzbekistan
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Boxers at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Boxers at the 2018 Asian Games
Thomas Halliday (11 September 1909 – 1975) was an English footballer who made 313 appearances in the Football League playing for Darlington, Norwich City and Exeter City in the 1920s and 1930s. He played non-league football in the north-east of England before joining First Division club Sunderland, but never played first-team football for that club. His primary position was that of centre half, although he also played at right back or right half.
Life and career
Halliday was born in Browney Colliery, in County Durham. As a schoolboy, he played three times for Durham Schools under-15 team in the 1923–24 season, and captained England Schoolboys against Wales in Cardiff. He played for non-league teams in his local area, and captained Durham Amateurs before turning professional. He spent the 1927–28 season with First Division club Sunderland, but never appeared for the first team, and joined Third Division North club Darlington in 1928 as an 18-year-old.
He established himself in the starting eleven, and despite his youth, captained the team for three years. In the 1932–33 season, Halliday made 41 out of a possible 42 appearances in the league, taking his total to 127 in senior competition. In May 1933, he and Darlington teammates Harry Brown, Billy Eden and Fred Hopkinson were members of the Rest of Durham XI that faced Sunderland in a match to celebrate the silver jubilee of the Durham County Football Association. Darlington had finished bottom of the Northern Section, so had to apply for re-election. Although their application was successful, Halliday left the club.
He moved into the Southern Section of the Third Division with Norwich City, where he became a regular in the side. He made 40 appearances as Norwich won the divisional title and with it promotion to the Second Division for the first time in the club's history. Based on Norwich's recruitment of Exeter City's Harold Houghton, the Manchester Guardian suggested that the club "realise[d] the worth of a footballer of experience and anticipation in such a struggle", and went on to list "other players of this stamp", including "Halliday, a rare centre-half". In his review of the season, the Observer's J.A.H. Catton, praised Norwich's forwards, and thought that "of all the capital players behind the front line, Thomas Halliday, a centre half-back formerly of Darlington, must be highly commended."
Halliday took over the captaincy from Stan Ramsay during the next season. He remained with Norwich for six-and-a-half years, making the last of his 203 appearances for the club on 27 December 1938 in a 4–0 defeat away to Newcastle United, and finished the season with Exeter City in the Third Division South.
In recognition of his contribution to Norwich City, Halliday was elected to the club's Hall of Fame. He died in 1975, aged 65 or 66.
References
1909 births
1975 deaths
People from County Durham
English footballers
Association football defenders
Esh Winning F.C. players
Sunderland A.F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
Exeter City F.C. players
English Football League players
General elections were held in the Bahamas on 10 May 2017. The elected members of the House of Assembly then elected the Prime Minister.
The result was a victory for the opposition Free National Movement led by Hubert Minnis, which defeated the ruling Progressive Liberal Party led by Prime Minister Perry Christie.
Background
The Free National Movement (FNM) defeated the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP) in the 2007 general elections amid a scandal involving the residency status of model and reality television star Anna Nicole Smith and allegations that the PLP's immigration minister had fast-tracked her application to live in the islands.
The composition of the House of Assembly changed during the 2012–17 term. Former Prime Minister Hubert Ingraham resigned as the leader of the FNM following the party's loss in the 2012 polls and also resigned his parliamentary seat, forcing a by-election in the North Abaco constituency. This resulted in the PLP winning the seat and increasing their total to 30. Subsequently, the PLP lost three seats; Greg Moss left the party to form the United Democratic Party in 2015, while Andre Rollins and Renward Wells defected to the FNM, bringing the PLP's total down to 27 seats.
Electoral system
Members of the House of Assembly are elected from single-member constituencies using first-past-the-post voting. In the 2017 general elections, there were 39 seats up for grabs in the House of Assembly. This was an increase of one seat from the 38 seat total in the previous parliamentary term, which began after the 2012 polls. The majority party then selects the Prime Minister, who is appointed by the Governor-General.
Parties and leaders
Progressive Liberal Party
Perry Christie (Centreville)
Free National Movement
Hubert Minnis (Killarney)
Democratic National Alliance
Branville McCartney
Bahamas Constitution Party
S. Ali McIntosh
Bahamas National Coalition Party
Wesley Campbell
The People's Movement
Patrick Paul
Campaign
Controversy arose quickly in the 2017 election campaign when Prime Minister Christie made the comment "Listen, its goin' so good now, God can't stop me now" at his opening rally on the island of Exuma, which caused a furious backlash.
The opposition parties decried allegations of rampant corruption in the PLP government, while it went after allegations of the same thing in the previous government, run by the FNM.
Many lamented the descent of the campaign into "gutter politics."
Infighting in the FNM also caused some controversy. The leader of the FNM, Hubert Minnis, was replaced as the leader of the Official Opposition in the nation's House of Assembly by Loretta Butler-Turner. Butler-Turner served, at one time, as the deputy leader of the FNM party, while Minnis served as party leader. Feuding within the FNM led to a "coup" in late 2016 among FNM parliamentarians in the House of Assembly. As a result, Minnis was removed as the leader of the Official Opposition in the House of Assembly, while remaining as the leader of the FNM party. As the general elections loomed, the FNM revoked Butler-Turner's nomination as the FNM's candidate for the Long Island constituency. Butler-Turner then opted to run as an independent candidate for the Long Island constituency, while remaining as the leader of the Official Opposition in the House of Assembly until its dissolution in April 2017.
Results
List of elected MPs
Notes
References
Bahamas
2017 in the Bahamas
Elections in the Bahamas
May 2017 events in North America
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Desamparados is a district of the Desamparados canton, in the San José province of Costa Rica.
Geography
Desamparados has an area of km2 and an elevation of metres.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Desamparados had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 175
National Route 206
National Route 207
National Route 209
National Route 213
References
Districts of San José Province
Populated places in San José Province
E. R. Eswaran is an Indian politician and entrepreneur from Tamil Nadu. he is the General Secretary of the Kongunadu Makkal Desia Katchi party and as of 2021, is a Member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Tiruchengode constituency.
Early life and education
Eswaran was born at Kokarayanpettai, near Thiruchengode in the Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu. He is a member of the Kongu Vellalar Gounder community and his family are involved in agriculture.
He received a Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering degree from Government Engineering College, Salem. He then began his business in Assam and later moved on to Chennai where he entered the construction and infrastructure business. He soon "established himself as one of the premier builders in Chennai, promoting many apartments and townships". He also has business interests in the manufacture and export of clothing, which has caused him to travel abroad extensively.
He is fluent in Tamil, English and Hindi.
Association with Kongu organisations
He was secretary of "Kongu Nanbargal Sangam" around 2001.
Political career
On 21 March 2013, Eswaran was one of the founders of Kongunadu Makkal Desia Katchi, and is General Secretary of the party. He is member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Tiruchengode constituency.The presence of KMDK in DMK-led alliance has worked in favour of DMK. E.R. Eswaran won by a margin of 2,862 votes in Tiruchengode. He contested the May 2009 Lok Sabha Elections as a KMDK candidate from the Coimbatore constituency and came third, securing more than one hundred thousand votes. He also came third in the 2009 by election for the Thondamuthur Assembly Constituency.
For Lok sabha elections 2014, he contested in Pollachi Constituency as the KMDK candidate with BJP alliance. E.R. Eswaran secured 2,76,118 votes.
References
Living people
1961 births
People from Tamil Nadu
National Democratic Alliance candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
Tamil Nadu MLAs 2021–2026
ta:கொங்கு வேளாளர்
Twist of Fate is an American documentary television series that airs on The Weather Channel. It premiered on June 1, 2011.
The series follows survivors of natural disasters who were in severe danger at one point. In each episode, it details the split-second choices and twists of fate that got them to and out of those situations.
Production
The series was put together using interviews with the survivors intermingled with actor portrayals of what approximately happened. An exception to this rule was an episode in season 2 which included footage from one of the survivors' helmet camera.
Reception
The New York Daily Newss David Hinkley gave Twist of Fate a generally positive review, stating that the series had "drama that feels so tense you'd almost think it was scripted". However, he didn't like that "the narration in "Twist of Fate" is turned up to full volume almost all the time", because "the stories don't need that kind of rhetoric to be compelling."
References
External links
The Weather Channel original programming
2011 American television series debuts
2010s American reality television series
English-language television shows
Jason Guida (born August 4, 1977) is a former American professional mixed martial artist who last competed for Bellator. A professional competitor from 2003 until 2014, he also fought for EliteXC, the WEC, KSW, Adrenaline MMA and World Extreme Fighting. Jason is the older brother of Ultimate Fighting Championship veteran Clay Guida.
Background
Born and raised in Illinois, Guida began wrestling in elementary school, he is four years older than his brother Clay. Both wrestled at Johnsburg High School and William Rainey Harper College. They both won a NAIA national title in 2001.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Guida only had two amateur fights before turning professional in 2003.
The Ultimate Fighter
Guida appeared on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Nogueira vs. Team Mir and was eliminated in the first episode for failing to make the 206 lb weight limit by one pound.
Independent promotions
Following this, as a last minute replacement for Ken Shamrock, Guida faced former WWE pro wrestling star Bobby Lashley. Guida lost via unanimous decision. Before his bout with Lashley, he and Guida got in a scuffle at a pre-fight press conference that had to be broken up by Roy Jones Jr.
Guida then suffered losses to UFC veteran Jeremy Horn and top Chechen contender Mamed Khalidov, but overcame his losing streak with a knockout win over former UFC fighter Logan Clark, ending the fight with a barrage of punches in the first round in Clark's hometown of Rochester, Minnesota.
In 2009 Jason was set to take on 2011 ADCC World Championship Nottingham Gold Medalist and former UFC fighter, Vinny Magalhães in the main event of "Carolina Crown 2" as a late replacement for Lance Evans, the brother of UFC star Rashad Evans. He later dropped out of the fight due to a lower back injury sustained during training, he was replaced by Bellator fighter Chris Davis.
In 2010, Guida then tried out for The Ultimate Fighter 12 in the Light Heavyweight division but was unsuccessful when the Light Heavyweights were cut before the season started in favor of a Lightweight only season.
Bellator
Guida stepped in as a replacement and fought Justin Lemke at Bellator 29 in a 210 lb catchweight bout and his Bellator debut. Guida weighed in 5 lbs over the catchweight limit and the fight was changed to a 215 lb catchweight bout.
In 2011, Jason joined his brother Clay and started training under top mixed martial arts trainer, Greg Jackson, in an attempt to reinvent his fighting career.
On November 16, 2012 Guida was scheduled to make his return against former UFC veteran Jason Brilz in the main event of Disorderly Conduct 13. The fight was later scrapped due to an injury Jason suffered training with Greg Jackson's MMA.
Guida fought Anthony Gomez at Bellator 112 on March 14, 2014, after his original opponent Sean Salmon pulled out for undisclosed reasons. He lost via unanimous decision.
Controversies
Guida was involved in a backstage scuffle with former UFC veteran Sean McCorkle at UFC 123 in which members of Guida's camp and Guida himself warned McCorkle that Jason was a made man.
In 2016, Guida yet again was involved in a backstage scuffle, this time with UFC veteran Nate Diaz at UFC 199 after his brother Clay lost his fight against Brian Ortega via knockout, Jason became visibly upset after the end of Clay's fight before approaching Diaz backstage as he was preparing to enter a Q&A interview about his main event fight with Conor McGregor before Jason suddenly bull rushed Nate and pressed him up against a wall before Justin Buchholz and UFC staff intervened and separated the two of them.
Personal life
Jason and his girlfriend had a daughter in 2009.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 19–28 (2)
| Anthony Gomez
| Decision (unanimous)
| Bellator 112
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Hammond, Indiana
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 19–27 (2)
| Keith Richards
| TKO (punches)
| C-3 Fights Fall Brawl
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:47
| Newkirk, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–27 (2)
| Sam Alvey
| Decision (split)
| NAFC: Bad Blood
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–26 (2)
| Nick Rossborough
| Decision (unanimous)
| Chicago Cagefighting Championship
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Chicago, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–25 (2)
| Justin Lemke
| Decision (split)
| Bellator 29
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–24 (2)
| Jeff Monson
| Submission (rear naked choke)
| Elite Promotions: Monson vs Guida
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:04
| Pompano Beach, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–23 (2)
| Mark George
| TKO (injury)
| PP: The Real Deal
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:33
| Columbus, Georgia, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–22 (2)
| Logan Clark
| KO (punches)
| Fight Nation: Guida vs. Clark
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:07
| Rochester, Minnesota, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–22 (2)
| Jeremy Horn
| Submission (arm-triangle choke)
| Arena Rumble: Guida vs. Horn
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:03
| Spokane, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–21 (2)
| Bobby Lashley
| Decision (unanimous)
| SRP: March Badness
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Pensacola, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–20 (2)
| Matt Sassolino
| Decision (split)
| C-3: Domination
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Hammond, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–19 (2)
| Mamed Khalidov
| TKO (strikes)
| ShoXC: Elite Challenger Series
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:53
| Hammond, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–18 (2)
| Mike Russow
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Adrenaline MMA: Guida vs Russow
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:13
| Hoffman Estates, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–17 (2)
| Cristiano Machado
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Costa Rica Fights 9
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:18
| Limón, Costa Rica
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–17 (2)
| Mike Van Meer
| TKO (punches)
| CFC 2: Explosion
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:40
| Tinley Park, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–17 (2)
| Travis Wiuff
| Decision (unanimous)
| XFO 14: Xtreme Fighting
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Peoria, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–16 (2)
| Terry Martin
| KO
| XFO 13: Operation Beatdown
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 0:08
| Peoria, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–15 (2)
| Antony Rea
| Decision (unanimous)
| Absolute Fighting Championships 18
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Boca Raton, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 14–15 (2)
| Alex Stiebling
| Decision (split)
| WEC 22: The Hitmen
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Lemoore, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 14–14 (2)
| Marvin Eastman
| Decision (unanimous)
| WEF: Orleans Arena
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 5:00
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–13 (2)
| Armondo Mena
| TKO (punches)
| Costa Rica Fights 6
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:54
| Limón, Costa Rica
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–13 (2)
| Allen Vindas
| Submission (armbar)
| Costa Rica Fights 5
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:03
| Limón, Costa Rica
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–13 (2)
| Marvin Eastman
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| WEF: Orleans Arena
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 2:07
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–13 (2)
| William Hill
| Decision (majority)
| Total Fight Challenge 5
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Hammond, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–13 (2)
| Vernon White
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| WEC 18: Unfinished Business
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 5:00
| Lemoore, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–12 (2)
| Adam Maciejewski
| Decision (split)
| Combat: Do Fighting Challenge 5
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Hammond, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–11 (2)
| Thales Leites
| Submission (armbar)
| Ultimate Warriors Combat 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:38
| Honolulu, Hawaii, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–10 (2)
| Pat Stano
| KO (punch)
| Euphoria: USA vs. Japan
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:05
| Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–10 (2)
| Damir Mirenic
| Decision
| KSW IV: Konfrontacja
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–9 (2)
| Jacek Buczko
| Decision
| KSW IV: Konfrontacja
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–8 (2)
| Ed Meyers
| TKO (broken nose)
| Combat: Do Fighting Challenge 4
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:19
| Hammond, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–8 (2)
| Ron Faircloth
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Madtown Throwdown 4
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:40
| Madison, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7–8 (2)
| Eric Schafer
| Submission (triangle choke)
| XFO 6: Judgement Day
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:49
| Lakemoor, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–7 (2)
| Leo Vargas
| TKO (submission to punches)
| Combat: Do Fighting Challenge 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:40
| Hammond, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–7 (2)
| Ron Fields
| Technical Submission (rear-naked choke)
| SuperBrawl 40: Guida vs. Fields 2
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:05
| Hammond, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–7 (2)
| Atte Backman
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Fight Festival 14
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:54
| Tampere, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–7 (2)
| Ron Fields
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| XFO 5: Repent
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:10
| Peoria, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–7 (2)
| Jorge Ortiz
| Decision (split)
| MMA Mexico 1
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Mexico City, Mexico
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–6 (2)
| Mark Wallen
| Decision (split)
| XFO 4: Asylum
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| McHenry, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2–6 (2)
| Tom Murphy
| TKO (submission to punches)
| Main Event: Indiana
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:46
| Gary, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–5 (2)
| Justin Hutter
| Submission (arm-triangle choke)
| Do Fighting Combat 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:45
| Hammond, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–5 (2)
| Leo Sylvest
| Submission (armbar)
| XFO 3: Guida vs. Sylvest
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:55
| Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–5 (2)
| Rory Markham
| Submission (armbar)
| XFO 2: New Blood
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:58
| Fontana-on-Geneva Lake, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–4 (2)
| Steve Evan-Dau
| TKO (doctor's stoppage)
| XFO 1: The Kickoff
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:52
| Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–3 (2)
| Nate Homme
| Submission (triangle choke)
| XKK 4: Clash In Curtiss
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:35
| Curtiss, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–2 (2)
| Jason Veach
| TKO (cut)
| Ironheart Crown
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 5:00
| Hammond, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| NC
| align=center| 0–1 (2)
| Jorge Ortiz
| No Contest (Pre-Fight Foul)
| Ultimate Fighting Mexico
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:00
| Monterrey, Mexico
|
|-
| NC
| align=center| 0–1 (1)
| Steve Evan-Dau
| No Contest (illegal strikes)
| Extreme Challenge 4
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 2:51
| Lakewood, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–1
| Adrian Serrano
| Decision
| Silverback Classic 17
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Ottawa, Illinois, United States
|
|-
References
External links
Living people
1977 births
American male mixed martial artists
American sportspeople of Italian descent
Mixed martial artists from Illinois
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing collegiate wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People from Mokena, Illinois
American gangsters of Italian descent
American male sport wrestlers
Amateur wrestlers
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Alexander Yuk Ching Ma is a former CIA officer. He was arrested in August 2020, and was charged with conspiring with a family member to communicate classified information up to the top secret level to intelligence officials of the People's Republic of China.
Early life
Ma was born in Hong Kong. He moved to Honolulu in 1968 and attended the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa. He is a naturalized US citizen.
CIA career
In 1982, Ma joined the CIA. The following year, he was assigned as a CIA officer overseas, where he held a top secret security clearance. Ma left the CIA in 1989 and lived and worked in Shanghai, China before arriving in Hawaii in 2001.
FBI career
Ma applied to the FBI in April 2003, and began working as a translator in May 2004.
In August 2004, he began working as a Chinese languages contract specialist for the FBI in Honolulu.
Espionage for the PRC
The earliest known date of Ma's alleged spying for the Ministry of State Security (China) (MSS) is March 2001, when he was recorded in a Hong Kong hotel providing substantial amounts of highly classified national defense information to MSS officers.
FBI investigation
In January 2019, Ma confirmed to an undercover FBI agent that he had in the past provided valuable U.S. government materials to the Chinese government, and that he would be willing to do so in the future.
On March 13, 2019, Ma accepted $2,000 from the same undercover FBI agent, who told Ma that the money was acknowledgment for his work on behalf of the PRC.
On August 12, 2020, Ma accepted another $2,000 from the undercover FBI agent.
Arrest
On August 14, 2020, Ma was arrested on charges of conspiracy.
Co-conspirator
An elderly family member of Ma's, who used to be a CIA officer during the 1970's, was alleged to be a co-conspirator in Ma's espionage activities. However, due to the family member's advanced cognitive issues, no arrest warrant was sought.
References
Chinese spies
Central Intelligence Agency
Central Intelligence Agency controversies
People of the Central Intelligence Agency
University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa alumni
1952 births
Living people
The Fiastrone is a river in the province of Macerata in the Marche region of Italy. Its source is in the Sibillini Mountains near Bolognola. The river flows northwest through the mountains before entering Lago di Fiastra. The river then exits the lake and flows northeast through the mountains. It then exits the mountains and Monti Sibillini National Park and flows north until it reaches the Chienti and enters that river by Belforte del Chienti.
References
Rivers of the Province of Macerata
Rivers of Italy
Adriatic Italian coast basins
"Too Drunk" is the eleventh single by Buckcherry and their first from their fourth album Black Butterfly. The song is about a man drinking all night and all day, and having the girl of his desire walk away because he's "too drunk to fuck". The song was apparently leaked by the band's manager in 2008, yet the band later claimed that the track was pirated.
The song was removed from re-releases and clean versions of the album and replaced by their cover of "Highway Star" from Deep Purple that was used by NASCAR on TNT as its 2009 theme song.
Music video
The video features a house party, during which the band is shown playing, and a couple are shown having sex in various places. Pornographic actors Ashlynn Brooke and Tommy Gunn (her then boyfriend) make cameos as the couple engaged in the act.
Charts
References
Buckcherry songs
2008 singles
Songs about alcohol
Songs written by Josh Todd
Songs written by Keith Nelson (musician)
Songs written by Marti Frederiksen
Atlantic Records singles
Eleven Seven Label Groups singles
2008 songs
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1548.
Events
unknown dates
Hôtel de Bourgogne opens as a theatre in Paris.
Roger Ascham becomes tutor to Princess Elizabeth, the future Queen Elizabeth I of England.
New books
Prose
Mikael Agricola – Se Wsi Testamenti (first translation of New Testament into Finnish)
Edward Hall (posthumously) – The Union of the Two Noble and Illustre Families of Lancastre and Yorke (commonly called Hall's Chronicle)
Gruffudd Hiraethog – (posthumous collection of Welsh proverbs by William Salesbury)
Martynas Mažvydas – The Simple Words of Catechism (first printed book in Lithuanian)
Catherine Parr – The Lamentation of a Sinner
Paolo Pino –
William Salesbury – A Dictionary in Englyshe and Welshe
Nicholas Udall – The first tome or volume of the Paraphrase of Erasmus vpon the newe testamente
Thomas Vicary –
Drama
John Bale – Kynge Johan
Poetry
See 1548 in poetry
Births
May – Carel van Mander, Dutch painter and poet (died 1606)
July 8 – Kim Jang-saeng, Korean scholar, politician and writer (died 1631)
September 2 – Vincenzo Scamozzi, Italian writer on architecture (died 1616)
November – André Guijon, French orator (died 1631)
November 27 – Jacopo Mazzoni, Italian philosopher (died 1598)
Unknown date – Luis Barahona de Soto, Spanish poet (died 1595)
Deaths
February 26 – Lorenzino de' Medici, Italian writer, 33
June 6 – João de Castro, Portuguese explorer and writer, 48
October 27 – Johannes Dantiscus, Polish poet and bishop, 63
Unknown date – Cristoforo di Messisbugo, Italian food writer
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The women's 1500 metres event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 13 March in San Sebastián.
Results
References
1500 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
1500
Euro
David Ramsey Foster, DSO, DSC and bar (24 May 1920 – 4 June 2010) was a decorated pilot in the British Royal Navy during World War II and a business executive.
Career
By the time World War II came to an end Lieutenant-Commander David Foster had served in both the Western Desert and the Pacific theatres, and had received both the DSO and DSC and Bar.
Foster joined Colgate-Palmolive after the war. He rose to become president in 1970 and chairman in 1975.
Personal life
Foster had American parents and was born in London on 24 May 1920. He was educated at Stowe and Gonville and Caius, Cambridge.
He had three wives, Glynis Johns, the actress, Anne Firth, and Alexandra Chang. He had two daughters with his second wife.
References
1920 births
2010 deaths
Royal Navy officers
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Fleet Air Arm aviators
English people of American descent
Colgate-Palmolive
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
People educated at Stowe School
Place of death missing
Royal Navy officers of World War II
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United Kingdom)
Military personnel from London
Fleet Air Arm personnel of World War II
20th-century English businesspeople
Karz () is a village in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan, near the city of Kandahar.
The Afghan former President, Hamid Karzai, is from Karz. His father is buried there. On July 29, 2014, his cousin, Hashmat Karzai, was killed by a suicide bomber there.
See also
Kandahar Province
References
Populated places in Kandahar Province
Wyoming Highway 71 (WYO 71) is a north–south Wyoming state highway known as Sage Creek Road in Carbon County that travels from near the Teton Reservoir north into the southern part of Rawlins.
Route description
Highway 71, predominantly south of Rawlins, travels from Carbon County Route 401 near the Teton Reservoir area north to Rawlins. Upon entering the Rawlins city limits, and after passing under Interstate 80/U.S. Route 30, WYO 71 heads in a more east-west direction paralleling the interstate. Downtown Rawlins can be accessed via Jackson and Washington Streets Highway 71 comes to its northern end at Wyoming Highway 78 just from exit 214 of I-80/US 30.
Carbon County Route 401 continues south from WYO 71 to the Medicine Bow National Forest boundary where the designation for the roadway changes to Forest Service Road 801 till its end at Wyoming Highway 70. The road is dirt and gravel for the entire county and forest service portion.
Major intersections
References
Official 2003 State Highway Map of Wyoming
External links
Wyoming State Routes 000-099
WYO 71 - WYO 78 to Carbon CR 401
City of Rawlins website
Transportation in Carbon County, Wyoming
071
Brighton Centre is a conference and exhibition centre located in Brighton, England. It is the largest of its kind in southern England, and is regularly used for conferences of the British political parties and other bodies of national importance. The venue has the capacity to accommodate up to 5,000 delegates, although rooms in the building can be used for weddings and banquets.
It has also been used as a live music venue since it was opened by James Callaghan on 19 September 1977. It was designed in a Brutalist style by architects Russell Diplock & Associates, who made extensive use of textured concrete. The venue is situated in the centre of Brighton on the sea front and is within 200 metres of major hotels. In 2004, it was estimated that the centre generates £50 million in revenue for Brighton.
Renovation
The second phase of redevelopment was completed in January 2012; a refurbishment of its main entrance resulted in a transformation of its outside facade. In addition to this, the venue's restaurant, which is regularly used as a relaxation space for larger conferences, now features floor-to-ceiling windows with uninterrupted views of the seafront and new interiors.
As part of Brighton's "City Plan", it has been proposed that the building be knocked down to make way to an extension to the Churchill Square shopping centre.
Notable events
Bing Crosby's final performance was at the Brighton Centre on 10 October 1977. He died of a heart attack four days later, while at a golf tournament in Spain.
The Jacksons performed on 10 February 1979 as part of their Destiny World Tour.
Bob Marley and The Wailers performed on 8 and 9 July 1980 as part of their Uprising Tour.
Between 1978 and 1995 it was the venue for the Brighton International tennis tournament, an annual event on the WTA Tour. Champions of the event included Chris Evert, Martina Navratilova and Steffi Graf.
On 11 December 1982, The Jam played their last gig in the Conference Room at the Brighton Centre.
From 29 to 30 November 1983, pop duo Wham! performed their final dates on their debut UK tour, titled Club Fantastic Tour.
From 9–15 September 1989, the Liberal Democrats held their first Liberal Democrat Federal Conference, after the party's formation in the previous year.
In 2003 and 2004, it hosted the 2003 and 2004 British Open snooker, from 8–16 November.
On December 17, 2006, comedy rock duo Tenacious D performed as part of their Pick of Destiny Tour, Neil Hamburger was opening act
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Brighton and Hove
Exhibition and conference centres in England
Indoor arenas in England
Darts venues
There have been four baronetcies created for persons with the surname Hope, three in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. one creation is extant, one dormant and two extinct.
The Hope Baronetcy, of Craighall in the County of Fife, created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 19 February 1628 for Thomas Hope, the Scottish advocate and advisor to Charles I. The sixth Baronet assumed the additional surname of Bruce, a surname also held by the seventh Baronet. The latter sat as Member of Parliament for Kinross. The eleventh Baronet was Conservative Member of Parliament for Midlothian. The sixteenth Baronet sat as Member of Parliament for Midlothian and Midlothian and Peebles North. The present Baronet is Chief of Clan Hope.
Charles Hope, 1st Earl of Hopetoun, ancestor of the Marquesses of Linlithgow, was the grandson of Sir James Hope, sixth son the first Baronet of Craighall. Sir Archibald Hope, second son of the second Baronet, was a Lord of Session as Lord Rankeillour. His grandson John Hope was a surgeon and botanist. John Edward Hope, great-grandson of Captain Robert Hope, grandson of Sir Archibald Hope, Lord Rankeillour, was a Major-General in the British Army. Archibald Hugh Hope, son of Hugh Hope, fourth son of the ninth Baronet, was a Major-General in the British Army.
The Hope Baronetcy, of Kerse in the County of Stirling, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 30 May 1672 for Alexander Hope. The fourth baronet sold his noble inheritance to Sir Lawrence Dundas, 1st Baronet.
The Hope Baronetcy, of Kirkliston, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 1 March 1698 for William Hope. The title became dormant on the death of the third Baronet in 1763. According to some sources John Hope, 2nd Earl of Hopetoun, succeeded to the title.
The Hope Baronetcy, of Kinnettles in the County of Angus, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 13 January 1932 for the Scottish Unionist politician Harry Hope. The presumed third Baronet never successfully proved his succession and was never on the Official Roll of the Baronetage. The title became extinct on his death in 1993.
Hope baronets, of Craighall (1628)
Sir Thomas Hope, 1st Baronet (died 1646)
Sir John Hope, 2nd Baronet, Lord Craighall (–1654)
Sir Thomas Hope, 3rd Baronet (1633–c. 1660)
Sir Thomas Hope, 4th Baronet (died c. 1686)
Sir William Hope, 5th Baronet (died c. 1707)
Sir Thomas Bruce-Hope, 6th Baronet (died 1729)
Sir John Bruce-Hope, 7th Baronet (c. 1684–1766)
Sir Thomas Hope, 8th Baronet, (1681-1771)
Sir Archibald Hope, 9th Baronet (1735–1794)
Sir Thomas Hope, 10th Baronet (1768–1801)
Sir John Hope, 11th Baronet (1781–1853)
Sir Archibald Hope, 12th Baronet (1808–1883)
Sir John David Hope, 13th Baronet (1809–1892)
General Sir William Hope, 14th Baronet (1819–1898)
Sir Alexander Hope, 15th Baronet (1824–1918)
Sir John Augustus Hope, 16th Baronet (1869–1924)
Sir Archibald Philip Hope, 17th Baronet (1912–1987)
Sir John Carl Alexander Hope, 18th Baronet (1939–2007)
Sir Alexander Archibald Douglas Hope, 19th Baronet (born 1969)
Hope baronets, of Kerse (1672)
Sir Alexander Hope, 1st Baronet (1637–1673)
Sir Alexander Hope, 2nd Baronet (1663–1719)
Sir Alexander Hope, 3rd Baronet (1697–1749)
Sir Alexander Hope, 4th Baronet (1728–1794)
Hope baronets, of Kirkliston (1698)
Sir William Hope, 1st Baronet (1660–1724)
Sir George Hope, 2nd Baronet (c. 1685–1729)
Sir William Hope, 3rd Baronet (c. 1726–1763)
Dormant on his death. Successfully claimed in 1989 by:
Adrian Hope, 4th Marquess of Linlithgow, 12th Baronet (b 1946) -
Hope baronets, of Kinnettles (1932)
Sir Harry Hope, 1st Baronet (1865–1959)
Sir James Hope, 2nd Baronet (1898–1979)
Robert Holms-Kerr Hope, presumed 3rd Baronet (1900–1993)
See also
Marquess of Linlithgow
Baron Glendevon
Baron Rankeillour
Hope-Dunbar baronets
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Hope family
1628 establishments in Nova Scotia
1932 establishments in the United Kingdom
Ryuji Yamamoto (born 17 October 1988) is a Japanese racing driver who last competed in the Japanese Formula 3. He was runner-up for the Formula Challenge Japan in its debut year, 2006, before moving to Europe to compete in the Formula Renault championships. He signed with the Nissan Driver Development Program.
Career
Karting
In Asia, Ryuji Yamamoto had a successful career in karting, winning the Asian-Pacific Championship in 2004., his sophomore year in the competition. He remained in kart until 2005.
Open wheel
After a successful career in kart, Yamamoto changed to open wheel categories in 2006. He participated in the first season of the Formula Challenge Japan, achieving the 2nd place in the season, and in the World Cup Formula A, alongside drivers like Riki Christodoulou, Alexander Sims, Alvaro Parente and Jules Bianchi.
In 2007, Yamamoto moved to Europe and joined the Formula Renault, competing in France and England for the CR Scuderia as part of the Nissan Driver Development Program.
After two years in the European Formula Renault, 42 races, no wins and only two podiums, Yamamoto returned to Japan and joined the Japanese Formula 3 for the AIM Sports team. He participated in only two races.
References
1988 births
Japanese Formula 3 Championship drivers
Living people
Japanese racing drivers
Formula Challenge Japan drivers
French Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
British Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
CRS Racing drivers
Blackwater Creek is an approximately 19 mile riverine features in Florida. The creek flows from Lake Norris and has a confluence with the Wekiva River near where it in turn flows into the St. Johns River. The upper sections of Black Creek are traversed by kayak and canoe. Other sections a difficult to navigate due to snags.
The area was once inhabited by Timucua and Mayaca.
References
Rivers of Lake County, Florida
Rivers of Florida
Rogue Male, by Geoffrey Household, is a classic thriller novel, published in 1939. The book was reissued in 2007 with an introduction by Victoria Nelson.
Plot
The protagonist, an unnamed British sportsman and crack shot, sets out in the spring of 1938 to see if he can get an unnamed European dictator in the sights of his rifle. Supposedly interested only in the thrill of hunting a powerful man, he convinces himself that he does not intend to pull the trigger. Caught while taking aim by officers of the dictator's secret police, he is tortured, thrown over a cliff, and left for dead.
The man survives, and with civilian help manages to make his way to a port, where he stows away on a British ship bound for London. Once there, he discovers that agents of the dictator have also arrived in London with orders to kill him. He is forced to kill one by pushing him onto the live rail in the London Underground, after which the police launch a manhunt for him.
Unable to go to the British authorities, who cannot condone assassination of a head of state, the protagonist decides to hide out in Dorset. Reports that he has been sighted reach a man named Quive-Smith, the leader of his pursuers. Seizing the opportunity, Quive-Smith finds his quarry's underground hiding place and blocks the exit, leaving only a single hole for breathing. With the protagonist thus at his mercy, Quive-Smith intends to coerce a written confession, implicating the British government.
The protagonist reflects on his predicament and confesses to himself that he would in fact have pulled the trigger, as revenge for the execution of his fiancée by the dictator's totalitarian régime. Constructing a makeshift ballista, he tricks Quive-Smith into looking down the breathing hole and shoots him dead.Digging his way out, he takes Quive-Smith's identification papers, money, and car. He drives to Liverpool and boards a ship for Tangier. From there, he intends to find the dictator and finish what he started.
Development
Interviewed by the Radio Times for the first screening of the BBC film version of the novel, Household acknowledged that he always intended the protagonist's target to be Hitler, "Although the idea for Rogue Male germinated from my intense dislike of Hitler, I did not actually name him in the book as things were a bit tricky at the time and I thought I would leave it open so that the target could be either Hitler or Stalin. You could take your pick".
Sequel
Household published a sequel, Rogue Justice, in 1982. In the sequel, the protagonist, going undercover in Nazi Germany, looks for a second chance to hunt the European dictator. Allied with escaping Jews and resistance groups, he fights his way across occupied Europe, with the Gestapo hot on his heels.
In other media
Film
Man Hunt, starring Walter Pidgeon and George Sanders, was a 1941 Hollywood film based on Rogue Male, in which the unspecified dictator of the novel is explicitly identified as Hitler. For this version, Pidgeon's character is named Captain Alan Thorndike.
In 2016, Fox Searchlight Pictures was setting up a new adaptation penned by Michael Lesslie (Macbeth, Assassin's Creed) and starring Benedict Cumberbatch. SunnyMarch, Cumberbatch's production company, was also producing.
Television
Rogue Male was a 1976 BBC TV film, starring Peter O'Toole, John Standing and Alastair Sim. For this version, O'Toole's character was named Sir Robert Hunter.
Radio
In 1951, the story was adapted for American radio as a half-hour episode of the CBS anthology series Suspense. Herbert Marshall and Ben Wright starred.
The book was adapted for radio by the BBC, in 1989, as a 90-minute drama starring Simon Cadell and David Googe.
In 2004, an unabridged reading of Rogue Male, performed by Michael Jayston, in fifteen half-hour episodes, was broadcast on BBC Radio 7. It was broadcast again on Radio 4 Extra in August/September 2012, again in March/April 2014, again in November 2017 and most recently in March 2021. A five-part abridged reading of the sequel, "Rogue Justice", was also performed by Michael Jayston. It was broadcast on BBC Radio 7 in 2009 and subsequently repeated there and on BBC Radio 4 Extra.
Legacy
The book influenced David Morrell's first novel, the 1972 "hunted man" action thriller First Blood, which spawned the Rambo film series. Morrell has acknowledged the debt in several interviews, including: "When I started First Blood, back in 1968, I was deeply influenced by Geoffrey Household's Rogue Male."
In 2005 Robert Macfarlane and Roger Deakin set out to find the possible location of the 'holloway' where the protagonist makes his stand in Dorset. Deakin writes of it in his posthumously published diaries Notes from Walnut Farm, and Macfarlane in his introduction to a reissue of Rogue Male and his own book Holloway.
See also
Operation Foxley
Assassinations in fiction
References
1939 British novels
British thriller novels
Novels about Nazi Germany
Chatto & Windus books
British novels adapted into films
Wareham High School is a public high school located in Wareham, Massachusetts, United States. The school is a part of the Wareham Public School System, and serves roughly 500 students in grades 812. Wareham High School's colors are Blue, Gold & White, and their mascot is the Vikings.
Enrichment activities
There are over 25 clubs and activities students can become involved in, and the school is known for its award-winning DECA organization, marching band and drama program. The band may be small but is mighty and energetic. They have entertained the fans at football games for years with popular stand tunes and half time shows. The band's past shows include Spy themes, The Beatles, Blues Brothers, songs from the 70s and most recently "Songs from the 80's". They also have a club called Key Club which they do community service activities serving our wareham community.
The drama program, known as the "Viking Theater Company" instills discipline, hones group skills, exposes students to the rigors of work under pressure and to the rewards of committed, goal-oriented effort, while performing a straight play, a musical, and several shorter pieces every school year.
Athletics
Wareham is renowned for its powerful boys' basketball and football teams. The football team has won 6 South Coast Conference titles and has had 5 undefeated regular season (1978, 1980, 1995, 2004, 2006). They won the State Title in 1995, guided by All-American quarterback and linebacker, Stephen Cooper, who is currently an NFL linebacker for the San Diego Chargers. Wareham were also the State runners-up in 1980 and 2006. The Wareham football program has produced numerous Division 1 and NFL players, including Stephen Cooper (UMaine & NFL), Shea Allard (Delaware & NFL), Mike Laperriere (Northeastern), Wayne Sylvester (Kansas), and Darien Fernandez (Laramie - Wyoming).
The boys' basketball team is regarded as one of the best high school teams in New England. They won the 2009-2010 Division 3 State Championship. They have also compiled 4 undefeated seasons since 2002, and have competed in 5 Regional Championships and 3 State Championship games.
The color guard team has been the state champions in their division a total of three times. The years were: 2011 for their show "Glitter in the Air", 2012 for their show "Titanic" and 2014 for their show "Stormy Love".
Wareham High competes in the South Coast Conference for athletics, which competes at the Division 3 level of athletics in Massachusetts. Their nickname is the "Vikings," and their colors are Blue, White & Gold. Wareham's main rival in neighboring Bourne High School. They have played each other in the annual Thanksgiving Day football game every year since 1933, over 80 years. In 2018 and 2019, they have lost by a combined score of 82-0.
FALL
Football
Boys' Soccer
Girls' Soccer
Field Hockey
Golf
Girls' Volleyball
Cheerleading
Cross Country
Color Guard
WINTER
Boys' Hockey
Girls' Hockey (w/ Mashpee and Bourne)
Boys' Basketball
Girls' Basketball
Indoor Track
Cheerleading
Wrestling
Color Guard
SPRING
Baseball
Softball
Boys' Tennis
Girls' Tennis
Track & Field
Notable alumni
Stephen Cooper - Class of 1997, NFL linebacker for the San Diego Chargers, played college football at University of Maine, All-State Quarterback & Linebacker at Wareham.
Geena Davis - Class of 1974. Movie actress.
Leroy Gomez - Class of 1968. American singer and songwriter best known for his work with Santa Esmeralda.
References
External links
Wareham Public School System
Schools in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Public high schools in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Wareham, Massachusetts
1991 establishments in Massachusetts
Educational institutions established in 1991
Manuel Peláez Gorrochotegui (1885–1959) Mexican military officer, noteworthy for his participation in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 to 1920.
Manuel Peláez was born in 1885 in the Huasteca region of the state of Veracruz, in the coastal area roughly between Tampico, Tamaulipas, and the port of Veracruz. He is primarily known in the Mexican Revolution as an independent general who kept the Carrancista forces at bay between 1915 and 1920. He fought to uphold the local political and economic autonomy of the region, and opposed the central government of Mexico City.
In 1901, oil was discovered in the Huasteca, and several foreign oil companies came into the region of buy or lease subsoil right from the local ranchers. The Peláez family was one of the first families to deal with the oil companies, and Manuel Peláez quickly emerged as a respected and influential broker between the local families and the oil companies. His experiences led him to become a successful businessman, labor contractor, and labor mediator.
The 1910 Revolution brought uncertainty to the region, for both the oil companies and the local ranchers. The ranchers decided to join the Francisco Madero revolution hoping to keep economic and political control of the Huasteca away from the central government of Porfirio Díaz. In late 1910, Peláez organized a small local group to fight for Madero. In October 1911, after Díaz was deposed, Peláez was elected mayor of the municipality of Álamo as a supporter of Madero.
He soon became disenchanted with Madero, however, when Madero began demobilizing the local paramilitary forces, and began restricting the operations of the foreign oil companies. He also became disillusioned with Madero because the new government seemed incapable of quelling the banditry and social unrest that followed the revolution. In October 1912, he joined the revolt of conservative Félix Díaz, nephew of Porfirio Díaz. When that revolt was failed, he fled to the United States.
Victoriano Huerta deposed Madero in February 1913, and Peláez returned to the Huasteca in April of the same year. But he found that the area had become inundated with marauding bands calling themselves Constitutionalists. Some time after June 1913, Peláez went to Mexico City and conferred with the Huerta government, asking for assistance in quelling the marauders. The War Department commissioned Peláez a Major in the Home Guard and gave him funds to arm about 500 men. Peláez took to the field again to battle men claiming to support Venustiano Carranza.
In October 1913, Pancho Villa won a major battle over seasoned federal troops and took the city of Torreón, Coahuila. Congress then began to question Huerta's ability to bring peace to the land. Huerta responded by closing congress and arresting 84 congressmen. This caused Peláez to become disillusioned with Huerta, and he decided to follow an independent course, following neither Huerta nor the Carranza revolutionaries.
In late April 1914, U.S. forces took the city of Veracruz, and then in May, Constitutional forces took the city of Tampico. Peláez seeing that the Huerta government would collapse, and fearing he would be taken by the victorious revolutionary forces, fled to the United States. In July of the same year, Huerta fled Mexico when his government collapsed.
Peláez returned to Mexico in October 1914, but found the victorious revolutionaries split into two opposing factions: those who supported the continued leadership of Carranza, and those who supported the new government called the Government of the convention. Greatly disliking Carranza and his followers, he decided to support the Government of the Convention ostensibly headed up by President Eulalio Gutiérrez, but actually controlled by Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata. When Pancho Villa suffered a major defeated by Carranza's General Álvaro Obregón in the spring of 1915, the Convention Government collapsed, and Carranza declared himself in control of the Mexico.
Peláez could not abide Carranza or his plans to bring the oil industry under control of his central government, so he reorganized his irregular forces and took to the field again. Calling himself a General, he imposes taxes on the local oil companies to support a small loyal and well armed rebel force. Between 1915 and 1920, General Peláez and his forces held off several attempts by the Carranza government to control the Huasteca.
In January 1915, two months after Peláez began his rebellion, one of the major oil wells in the Huasteca caught fire, and burned spectacularly for three months. It was unclear what caused the fire, and both sides claimed the fire was due to malicious actions of the other. The prevailing opinion for many years was that Peláez and his forces started the fire when the oil companies refused to pay him money he demanded. Current scholarship now says the oil fire was started by lightning, but exacerbated because the local Carranza commander had closed a water pumping station in retaliation for the oil company not paying a levied fine.
Peláez was a successful strategist who kept Carranza's armies on the defensive for five years. His loosely coordinated but well-paid guerrilla forces never numbered more than 3,000. While he never occupied a major city, his control of the countryside was seldom challenged. The heavily thicketed terrain, the extensive waterways, his access to weapons and ammunitions, and the support of the local population worked to his advantage in launching random surprise attacks on Carranza garrisons, payroll trains, and pipelines. His soldiers intimidated, killed, stole, and set fire to Carrancista garrisons and oil company properties at will, while leaving the Huasteca natives for the most part unharmed. Five Carrancista campaigns between 1917 and 1918 failed to subdue him.
In 1916 and 1917, Félix Díaz attempted to overthrow the government. Both times Peláez offered him financial and moral support, but in 1918, he formally withdrew support from Diaz when it became apparent that Díaz had neither the ability nor the capacity to succeed. Peláez also entered into negotiations with the Zapata movement during 1918 and 1919, but the two sides had only their hatred of Carranza in common, and never reached an agreement.
In October 1919, Peláez had American consular agent William O. Jenkins from Puebla ‘arrested' to embarrass the Carranza government; demonstrating to the U.S. government that Carranza was unable to police the major cities. Jenkins was released unharmed later the same month, but was immediately arrested by Carranza's police for conspiring to embarrass the government.
Peláez is often dismissed as just a tool of the foreign oil companies, but his life is more complex than that. He enjoyed a large measure of genuine local popular support. While the civil war raged on in Mexico, bringing destruction, poverty, and hunger to most parts of the country; the oil-producing Huasteca region remained an enclave of prosperity. Oil operations were constantly expanding, and the oil companies provided their workers with regular pay and supplies of food and other goods, which were easily imported. Oil workers saw themselves as better than the revolutionary bandits, and saw Peláez as a defender of their interests.
On September 9, 1919, Peláez, Félix Díaz and Gildardo Magaña, Zapata's successor, issued a joint communiqué to U.S. President Wilson urging his recognition of their belligerencies, in the hope that the United States would somehow internee on their behalf and oppose Carranza, but nothing came of this.
By 1919, Carranza was proving to be ineffective and unpopular. The population favored the accession of Álvaro Obregón for the 1920 election, but Carranza did everything in his power to prevent Obregón's election. In the spring of 1920, Obregón's Sonoran supporters initiated the Agua Prieta Revolt and removed Carranza from power. Peláez agreed to support Obregón's revolt, and when Carranza was attempting to flee to Veracruz, one of Peláez's subordinates caught up to him and killed him. For his support, Obregón rewarded Peláez by having his rank of General confirmed, and he was named Chief of Military Operations in the Huasteca.
However, in this capacity, he lost his freedom to operate independently, and became accountable to Obregón's military command. Never really seeing eye-to-eye with Obregón, Peláez fell out of favor in the Obregón government, and so he moved to Los Angeles in April 1921. His lieutenants attempted to renew hostilities against the central government but they proved no match for the central government's machinations, and they were all disarmed by the end of 1921.
Peláez returned to Mexico in 1923 with intentions of joining the Adolfo de la Huerta rebellion, but he was arrested before he could participate. A few months after the rebellion was crushed, he was released and retired to his Tierra Amarilly ranch, where he lived peacefully until his death in 1959. His family still retains extensive holding in the Huasteca.
Notes
Books
Brown, Jonathan: OIL and REVOLUTION in Mexico, 1993
Katz, Friedrich: The Life and Times of Pancho Villa, 1998
Womack, John: ZAPATA: and the Mexican Revolution, 1969
Henderson, Peter: FÉLIX DÍAZ, The Porfirians and the Mexican Revolution, 1981
Salamini, Heather Fowler: ‘Caciquismo and the Mexican Revolution: The case of Manuel Pelaez.'
Chapter 11 of ‘Intellectuals and Power in Mexico' Papers presented at the VI Conference of Mexican and United States Historians, 1981
Mexican generals
People of the Mexican Revolution
1885 births
1959 deaths
Mexican people of Basque descent
Bilgadi (; , Bilhədi) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chinarsky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 635 as of 2010. The village has an Azerbaijani-majority.
Geography
Bilgadi is located 17 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Chinar and Zidyan-Kazmalyar are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The Maddermarket Theatre is a British theatre located in St. John's Alley in Norwich, Norfolk, England. It was founded in 1921 by Nugent Monck.
Early history and conversion
The theatre was originally built as a Roman Catholic chapel in 1794. In the nineteenth century it had been used as a baking soda factory, a grocery warehouse, and as a hall for the Salvation Army. It was small, the main body of the building measuring only forty by forty-six feet. However, a vaulted ceiling gave it excellent acoustics; more importantly, it already had galleries on three sides. The building was quickly converted by the Guild of Norwich Players from a state of near-dereliction into an Elizabethan style playhouse. Nugent Monck, the founder of the Guild of Norwich Players used to say it was a half scale model of the Fortune Theatre, although later scholars have suggested that Blackfriars Theatre would be a more accurate comparison.
Operation
The Maddermarket Theatre opened in 1921 and was the first permanent recreation of an Elizabethan Theatre. The founder was Nugent Monck who had worked with William Poel. Poel was the first to restore Shakespeare's plays with the full text and to play them in the Elizabethan style without elaborate scenery.
Monck founded the Norwich Players, an amateur dramatic society, in the early years of the Twentieth Century. They first performed in his house, then at the Music House in King Street. Their success led to him purchasing an eighteenth-century former Catholic chapel in St John Maddermarket in Norwich, which was converted into the Maddermarket Theatre in 1921. The conversion took six weeks to complete with actors rehearsing and then helping to decorate it. It was intended to build a thrust stage but the dimensions of the building and lack of funds resulted in an end-stage being constructed instead. The original form of the building was a rectangular space wide by long with a gallery running around three sides. The ceiling was in the form of a plaster barrel-vault which gave the building its remarkable acoustic properties.
The stage occupied nearly half the space. A pillared canopy was constructed from which to hang the painted curtains, which Monck used to effect very rapid scene changes. There was a gallery to the rear of the stage and two entrance doors either side of the stage, the two downstage ones being under the side galleries. All of these features are still in place today, although often covered by modern sets.
The first dressing rooms were on the side galleries but are now housed within the main body of the building. The gents' to the side of the stage above the green room and the ladies' behind the stage, backing onto Strangers' Hall museum which in turn backs onto the rear of the theatre.
Over the years tip-up seats have replaced loose chairs. The pillars that supported the side galleries were removed in the 1950s and the curved gallery was re-built straight, to accommodate the new supporting girder. At that time the back wall of the stalls was removed and the auditorium extended back to allow the stalls to accommodate another four rows of seats.
In the 1960s the Medieval buildings flanking the front of the theatre were demolished and a new foyer, bar, toilets, rehearsal room and box office were constructed in a very brutal "modern" style. The site was overgrown with madder plants, some of which were donated to Strangers Hall medieval gardens, who in turn gifted the Theatre its very own madder plant in 2007. Many of the Elizabethan details were covered over the years and the permanent half-timbered set was often covered-over with conventional scenic flats.
When Dave Harris became Artistic Director, he asked if it were possible to re-construct the stage giving it the thrust as was intended by Monck in the 1920s. This not only involved adding-on an extra seven feet of stage in the form of a half hexagon but also rebuilding the gallery and re-arranging the seating in the front stalls.
Despite pessimistic predictions of a great loss of seats only ten seats at the rear of the gallery have been lost. Removal of unnecessary gangways has allowed the stage to be greatly enlarged without any loss of stalls seats (in fact they gained an extra wheelchair position).
The gallery has been reconstructed with a steeper rake and with the original curved tiers re-created. The 1930s cinema seats have been retained in all parts of the 'house'. The new total seating capacity is 310.
All the new work was done to match the 1920s Tudor style of the rest of the original theatre, which is a Grade II 'listed' building. The opportunity was taken to replace the 1960s house-lights with lanterns in order to look more in keeping with the rest of the decor. New front of house lighting positions have been provided and new cable-runs have been concealed in the new floors. The Council's City Works Department built the stage and a seating contractor moved the seats. All other work was done in-house.
All the work was done between productions and during a summer closure of approximately six weeks and the total cost was about £10,000. During the autumn, the original permanent set was restored and was first used for a production of Bartholomew Fair, when one of the original Monck painted curtains was used again.
The Maddermarket Today
The Maddermarket Theatre is still staging performances today. In 2020 author Paula Meir became Chair of The Maddermarket Theatre.
See also
Sewell Barn Theatre
Theatre Royal, Norwich
Norwich Arts Centre
References
External links
Maddermarket Theatre
Grade II listed buildings in Norfolk
Theatres in Norwich
Natalia Fowler is a fictional character on ABC's daytime drama All My Children. She was portrayed by Shannon Kane from October 3, 2008 to February 4, 2011 on a regular basis (on contract from May 2009 to February 2011) and appeared on an occasional basis afterward, appearing on March 28, March 31, April 1, August 26, September 13, September 19, and September 23.
Character History
Natalia first crosses paths with Angie Hubbard in the hallway of an apartment building waiting for a friend. After a short conversation, Angie gets on the elevator. She then meets up with Angie's husband, Jesse and he tells her that she shouldn't be in Pine Valley. A few days later while trying to avoid Angie and Jesse, she bumps into their son, Frankie. Natalia is in desperate need of Jesse's help, but he continues telling her to get out of town because it isn't safe. When Jesse and Natalia finally meet up alone at the boathouse, it is revealed that she is his daughter. Natalia tells Jesse that her mother, Rebecca desperately needs him and Jesse ultimately calls to check on her. As a round of tornados strike the town, Natalia gets stranded at the Comeback Bar with the Hubbards and citizens of Pine Valley. The Comeback is destroyed and Natalia is one of those injured. Jesse tells Angie after they finally get her to the hospital, that Natalia may need surgery to see if her kidneys have been damaged. Angie says that because Natalia is unconscious, they'll need to contact her relatives for consent. Jesse insists that the surgery be done immediately because Natalia is his daughter. Rebecca finally comes to town to see about her daughter and formally introduces herself to the family. Angie and Rebecca take a liking to one another while Frankie struggles with his new sister. They eventually learn that Rebecca is dying from a brain tumor, and she then signs a DNR form. When Angie revives her after she collapses and puts her life support, the hospital is threatened with a lawsuit. Natalia doesn't want to, but reluctantly gives the OK to take Rebcca off life support. By some miracle, Rebecca starts breathing on her own. After a few days and when Rebecca gets back on her feet, she decides to go to San Francisco. The very next day on February 10, 2009, they learn that Rebecca has died. Randi Frankie's wife comforts her during and after her mother's illness. Angie also takes on the role of mother for Natalia.
Detective Natalia
Always admiring her father, Natalia decides to enroll in the police academy where she meets, Brot Monroe, Frankie's fellow soldier from Iraq. Natalia becomes jealous when Brot finishes the training before her but she becomes a detective shortly after. Natalia is very anxious to get into the action while Brot paces himself and is praised for it. On October 15, 2009 she accidentally shoots Aidan Devane and Jesse advises her to take some time off. After her suspension is lifted, she is sent on her first detective case where she goes undercover as a model for Fusion Cosmetics. Though she doesn't expect to get the job, Greenlee Smythe offers her the chance to one up Erica Kane and her model, Amanda Dillon. Natalia does a nude photo shoot secretly but is appalled when one of her fellow officers hangs her snaps shots all over the police station. Jesse and Brot go on the war path until they figure out who did it. Brot punches the guy which leads to him getting suspended. Brot and Natalia eventually become much closer though she insists they will only ever be friends. Natalia is later hired as the bodyguard for Amanda when someone begins stalking her. It is discovered that Amanda's crazed mother, Janet Dillon is actually stalking her and during the reveal, Natalia gets shot.
Family
In the summer of 2010, Angie is diagnosed with a disease that could cause her to go blind. She later finds out she is pregnant and the medication she is taking to save her eyesight could harm her child. Natalia, Frankie and Jesse have a hard time dealing when Angie decides to stop taking her medication. Meanwhile, Natalia notices that Frankie and Madison North are getting a little too close. Also Natalia is worried about Brot when he goes in for yet another surgery to fix his eyesight and she finally tells the truth, that she does care for Brot. On September 29, 2010, Natalia asks Brot out on date but he declines claiming he wanted to ask her out first. When he does, Natalia declines accusing him of being sexist.
Brot and Natalia began to date, and continued to date after Jesse warned them that dating a fellow officer was not allowed. They continued to spend time together, yet Natalia still remained distant. She told Brot she loved him but was afraid to get too close in case she lost him. Brot reassured her he loved her and would never do anything to hurt her. They became lovers. The mayor learned of their relationship and ordered Jesse to fire one of them. Brot asked to be fired, but Natalia took a detective job in Philadelphia. Brot remained on the Pine Valley police force, and they continued their relationship.
On August 26, 2011, Brot asked Natalia to marry him and she accepted.
On June 19, 2013, Natalia was one of the people who were threatened by Yuri Koslov.
References
All My Children characters
Fictional police detectives
Television characters introduced in 2008
Female characters in television
Comahuesaurus (meaning "Comahue lizard") is a genus of sauropod dinosaur of the family Rebbachisauridae. It was found in the Lohan Cura Formation, in Argentina and lived during the Early Cretaceous, Aptian to Albian. The type species is C. windhauseni, named by Carballido and colleagues in 2012. It had originally been assigned to Limaysaurus by Salgado et al. (2004), but was later assigned its own genus based on the presence of diagnostic characters in the caudal centra, pubis and ischium.
Comahuesaurus is known from abundant material compared to other rebbachisaurids; 37 caudal vertebrae, three fragmentary dorsal vertebrae and multiple appendicular elements, including a right humerus, pubis, ischium and a 113 cm long left femur. In their phylogenetic analysis, Carballido et al. (2012) placed Comahuesaurus in an intermediate position between basal rebbachisaurids such as Histriasaurus and the derived clade formed by subfamilies Rebbachisaurinae and Limaysaurinae.
It shares with more derived rebbachisaurids a reduced hyposphene-hypantrum system, but hadn't yet completely lost said structure; that change would happen at some further point in the evolution of the clade, as it is so far only known to be fully absent in limaysaurines.
References
Rebbachisaurids
Albian life
Aptian life
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of South America
Cretaceous Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Neuquén Basin
Fossil taxa described in 2012
Roberto de Leonardis (February 4, 1913 - September 21, 1984) was Italian film script translator, film dialogue writer and film lyricist, best known for his long-lasting cooperation with the Walt Disney Company, being basically a monopolist in writing scripts for dubbing Disney's films into Italian, from late 1940s to his death.
He was known as a meticulous translator, faithfully adapting the English-language peculiarities to the Italian audience.
Biography
He was born in Naples to a family of an Italian Navy admiral. He followed his father's carrer and graduated as an officer from the Military Academy in Livorno, Tuscany. During World War II he was commanding officer of an Italian naval ship. In 1943, after Italy surrendered to the Allies, his ship was captured by the Japanese, and he was detained as a POW until the Americans freed him in 1945.
In the beginning of his film career he was a lyricist under the pseudonym "Pertitas".
In 1949 he founded a documentary short film production company Filmeco. In 1958 he closed Filmeco an founded the Royfilm company, which almost exclusively did dub of films into Italian. It dubbed not only for Disney, but also for other studios, such as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Paramount, and Universal.
Commemoration
In 1997 he was posthumously inducted into the Disney Legends Hall of Fame.
The 1983 Federico Fellini film E la nave va (whose Italian-language dialogs were edited by di Leonardis) has a cameo: the name of the captain of the ship (Italian: comandante della nave) is Roberto de Leonardis, a hint to the nickname of the original Leonardis, "Comandante", and his former naval occupation.
A comprehensive biography of de Leonardis was published in 2017 by Nunziante Valoroso in the book Un comandante alla corte di Walt Disney. La carriera di Roberto de Leonardis leggenda del doppiaggio.
Notes
References
1913 births
1984 deaths
Italian documentary filmmakers
Italian cinematographers
Italian male screenwriters
20th-century Italian screenwriters
Italian lyricists
Disney people
Uroplatus sikorae, commonly referred to as the mossy leaf-tailed gecko or the southern flat-tail gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Madagascar. It is a CITES II protected animal due to habitat loss.
Etymology
The generic name, Uroplatus, is a Latinization of two Greek words: "ourá" (οὐρά) meaning "tail" and "platys" (πλατύς) meaning "flat".
The specific name, sikorae, is a Latinization of the surname of Franz Sikora, an Austrian fossil-hunter and explorer of Madagascar.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by German zoologist Oskar Boettger but not published until three years after his death. Its common name refers to the mossy-like camouflage patterns and colors of the lizard's skin. The whole complex of U. sikorae is in need of taxonomic revision and probably contains numerous new, undescribed species.
The genus Uroplatus contains 14 species endemic to Madagascar. The species Uroplatus sameiti was considered to be a subspecies of U. sikorae until 2007, when it was proposed to be elevated to species level on the basis of its pale oral mucosa, in contrast to the dark oral mucosa of U. sikorae. Subsequent publications have maintained this separate status, which has now also been verified molecularly. However, in the most recent review of the taxonomy of the genus Uroplatus, it was revealed that the different colour of the mouth is not diagnostic of these two species, as some U. sikorae species were found to share the light oral pigmentation. The diagnosis of these species based on morphology remains difficult.
Phylogenically, U. sikorae has been placed within a monophyletic complex consisting of three other species of Uroplatus: U. fimbriatus, U. giganteus, U. henkeli, and U. sameiti. This complex represents the larger species of the genus.
Distribution and habitat
Uroplatus sikorae is endemic to Madagascar. These geckos can be found in primary and secondary forests of the Eastern and central tropical forests of Madagascar.
Description
The mossy leaf-tailed gecko ranges in size from when measured from nose to base of the tail. Their eyes are large and lidless, and have yellow sclera with elliptical pupils, suited for the gecko's nocturnal habits. As with all Uroplatus geckos, the tail is dorso-ventrally flattened. U. sikorae has coloration developed as camouflage, most being grayish brown to black or greenish brown with various markings meant to resemble tree bark, down to the lichens and moss found on the bark.
U. sikorae has flaps of skin, running the length of its body, head and limbs, known as the dermal flap, which it can lay against the tree during the day, scattering shadows, and making its outline practically invisible. Additionally, the gecko has a limited ability to alter its skin colour to match its surroundings.
Biology and behavior
Mossy leaf-tailed geckos are nocturnal and arboreal. These geckos rely on their natural camouflage as they dwell among the trees. They spend most of the daylight hours hanging vertically on tree trunks, head down, resting. During the night, they will venture from their daylight resting spots, and go off in search of prey. It has the ability to change its skin color to match its surroundings and possesses dermal flaps which break up its outline when at rest. Mossy leaf-tailed geckos are insectivores eating insects, arthropods, and gastropods.
Captivity
The mossy leaf-tailed gecko is uncommon in captivity and often kept in breeding pairs or trios. They eat a variety of appropriately sized insects including crickets and moths. If breeding is successful in captivity, eggs will be laid every 30 days and take 90 days to hatch.
Threats
Habitat destruction and deforestation in Madagascar is the primary threat to this animal's future as well as collection for the pet trade. The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) lists all of the Uroplatus species on their "Top ten most wanted species list" of animals threatened by illegal wildlife trade, because of them "being captured and sold at alarming rates for the international pet trade". It is a CITES Appendix 2 protected animal.
References
sikorae
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1913
Taxa named by Oskar Boettger
Yaska Nargiz Hajiyeva (born 12 April 1991) is an Azerbaijani women's football midfielder, who plays in the Turkish Women's Super League for Hakkarigücü Spor. She is a member of the Azerbaijan women's national team.
Club career
Between 2014 and 2018, she played for Ugur FK (2014–2018) in her country. >She then went to Russia to play for FC Torpedo Izhevsk in the 2018–19 season.
In 2019, Hajiyeva moved to Turkey, and joined the Istanbul-based Turkish Women's First Football League club Fatih Vatan Spor on 1 November. After appearing in nine games of the 2019-20 Women's First League season, she returned home as the league was discontinued due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey.
In 2020, she was with Ryazan-VDV in the Russian Women's Football Championship.
By Deceöber 2021, she went to Turkey again and signed with Hakkarigücü Spor to play in the Women's Super League.
International career
Hajiyeva played for Azerbaijan women's national team in all four matches of the UEFA Women's Euro 2021 qualifying Group D.
See also
List of Azerbaijan women's international footballers
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Azerbaijani women's footballers
Azerbaijan women's international footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Azerbaijani expatriate footballers
Expatriate women's footballers in Russia
Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate women's footballers in Turkey
Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Fatih Vatan Spor players
Ryazan-VDV players
Hakkarigücü Spor players
Turkish Women's Football Super League players
ʿAlī ibn Maymūn ibn Abī Bakr al-Idrīsī al-Mag̲h̲ribī (; 1450–1511) (full name: Abu al-Hasan ʿAli ibn Maymūn ibn Abī Bakr ibn ʿAli ibn Maymūn al-Hashimi al-Qurashi al-Maghribi al-Ghumari al-Fasi Al-Maliki), also known as Shaykh 'Ali ibn Maymun, was a Moroccan ālim and Sufi mystic of Berber origin, but he pretended to be from an Alid origin, which increased his reputation.
Biography
Early life
He was born in the region of Ghumara (north Morocco) around 1450, he studied Islamic sciences locally, then in Fez, from 1471. He held the office of qāḍī in Chefchaouen for a period of ten years (890–900). In his youth he is said to have been the amīr of the Banu Rashid tribe in the Jabal Ghumara, but to have relinquished that position because he was unable to enforce among his people the prohibition on wine-drinking.
Religious life
In 901/1495-6 he left Fez, visited Damascus, Mecca, Aleppo, and Bursa, and finally settled at Damascus where he died in 917/1511.
Works
His mysticism was of a moderate character; in his Bayān ghurbat al-Islām bi-wāsiṭat ṣinfayn min al-mutafaqqihah wa 'l-Mutafaqqirah min Ahl Miṣr wa 'l-Shām wa-mā yalīhumā min bilād al-a‘jām (Elucidation of the Abandonment of Islam on the Part of those who Claim to be Legal Scholars and those who Claim to be Sufis, from among the People of Egypt and Syria and those Foreign Lands around them), he inveighed against the religious and social abuses which he had noticed in the east. He wrote this work at an advanced age (he commenced it on 19 Muharram 916).
References
1450 births
1511 deaths
15th-century Moroccan people
16th-century Moroccan people
15th-century Berber people
16th-century Berber people
¡Viva El Amor! (Spanish for Long Live Love) is the seventh studio album by the rock band the Pretenders, released in 1999. The band's lineup for the album is the same as that credited on 1994's Last of the Independents: Chrissie Hynde (vocals, guitar) Martin Chambers (drums), Andy Hobson (bass) and Adam Seymour (guitar). This time, however, the credited line-up actually plays on most of the album, although Hobson is replaced on bass by session musicians on a few cuts.
The album, featuring a cover photograph of Hynde taken by friend Linda McCartney, saw moderate success in the United States and the United Kingdom. Its two lead singles were "Popstar" and "Human", the latter a Divinyls cover. The Class Mix of "Human" was used as the theme music to the short-lived American TV series Cupid as well as featuring in the soundtrack to Brenda Blethyn movie Saving Grace. The album charted in the UK, US and Sweden.
Track listing
"Popstar" (Chrissie Hynde, Adam Seymour) – 3:34
"Human" (Shelly Peiken, Mark McEntee) – 3:55
"From the Heart Down" (Hynde, Billy Steinberg, Tom Kelly) – 3:31
"Nails in the Road" (Hynde, Steinberg, Kelly) – 3:25
"Who's Who" (Hynde) – 4:11
"Dragway 42" (Hynde) – 5:19
"Baby's Breath" (Hynde, Steinberg, Kelly) – 3:15
"One More Time" (Hynde) – 3:15
"Legalise Me" (Hynde) – 3:51
"Samurai" (Hynde) – 4:43
"Rabo de Nube" (Silvio Rodríguez) – 1:26
"Biker" (Hynde) – 4:40
Personnel
The Pretenders
Chrissie Hynde – vocals, rhythm guitar, harmonica
Adam Seymour – lead guitar, bass
Andy Hobson – bass guitar
Martin Chambers – drums
Additional personnel
Jeff Beck – guitar on "Legalise Me"
David Johansen – vocals on "Popstar"
Andy Duncan – percussion, programming
Stephen Hague – keyboards, accordion
Chuck Norman – keyboards, programming, percussion
Jules Shear – backing vocals
Tom Kelly - bass, guitar, backing vocals
Preston Heyman - percussion
Lindsay Edwards - keyboards
John Metcalfe – string arrangements
The Duke Quartet:
Louisa Fuller – violin
Richard Koster – violin
Ivan McCready – cello
John Metcalfe – viola
Production
Recorded and mixed at:
The Townhouse Studio – London
Sarm West Studio – London, RAK Studio – London
Bearsville Sound Studio – Bearsville NY
Innovation Studios – London
Mastered by Ian Cooper at Metropolis Studio – London
Engineered by Julie Gardner, Richard T. Norris, David Boucher, Doug Wynne
Produced by:
Stephen Hague (Tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 8, 9, 11)
Stephen Street (Tracks 3, 6, 7, 10, 12)
Track 2 remix and additional production by Tin Tin Out for Empire Management, executive producer Rob Dickins
Mixed by:
Bob Clearmountain (Tracks 4, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12)
Stephen Hague and Richard T. Norris (Tracks 1 and 5)
Cover photo: Linda McCartney
Inner sleeve photos: Mary McCartney
Artwork: Michael Nash Associates
Charts
References
The Pretenders albums
1999 albums
Albums produced by Stephen Street
Albums produced by Stephen Hague
Warner Records albums
is a semimonthly seinen manga magazine published since July 1, 1987 by Shogakukan in Japan. Its target audience is somewhere between the audience for Big Comic Original and Big Comic Spirits. The magazine has published works by a number of well-known manga artists, including Ryoichi Ikegami, Mochiru Hoshisato, Yū Koyama, Yūji Aoki, Fumi Saimon, Norifusa Mita, George Akiyama, and Buronson.
Superior was originally a special issue of Big Comic Original, published twice monthly on the 1st and 15th. However, since it was selling just as well as the main three magazines (Big Comic, Big Comic Original, and Big Comic Spirits), it began to be released every other week. It is currently released twice monthly on the second and fourth Fridays. As of 2015, Superior has a reported circulation of 115,334 for each issue.
Currently running manga series
List of works
Aibō by Tamayo Koyasu
Aji Ichi Monme by Yoshimi Kurata, Yoshita Abe, and Yukie Fukuda
Ankō: Kaizuri Kaijō Sōsasen, written by Masaki Kitahara and illustrated by Hideki Akiyama with assistance from Fishing Graph
Azumi by Yū Koyama
Bow Wow by Terry Yamamoto
Chūshun Komawari-kun by Tatsuhiko Yamagami
Hannari! by Fumi Saimon
Gigant by Hiroya Oku
Higake Kin'yūden Komanezumi Shussemichi, written by Toichi Akizuki and illustrated by Kōji Yoshimoto with supervision from Yūji Aoki
Kiichi!! by Hideki Arai
Lord, written by Buronson and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami
Maihime: Diva, written by Ryō Kurashina and illustrated by Tomoya Ōishi
Money no Ken by Norifusa Mita
Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt by Yasuo Ohtagaki (ongoing)
Moonlight Mile by Yasuo Ōtagaki
Ojuken no Hoshi, story by Mayu Sugiura, illustrated by Kenjū Imatani and created by Nozomi Hashira
Okuribito by Akira Sasō
Radio Jikan by Radio Wada
Rāmen Hakkenden, written by Rokurō Kube and illustrated by Tan Kawai
Reiraku by Inio Asano
Sekai no Chūshin de Kuda o Maku by Inosuke Rodriguez
Shakaijin Misaki Satoru by Yasuyuki Kunitomo
Sprite by Yūgo Ishikawa
Team Medical Dragon, written by Akira Nagai and illustrated by Tarō Nogizaka
References
External links
1987 establishments in Japan
Semimonthly manga magazines published in Japan
Magazines established in 1987
Seinen manga magazines
Shogakukan magazines
Magazines published in Tokyo
Andrea "Andy" Cunningham is an American strategic marketing and communications entrepreneur. She helped launch the Apple Macintosh in 1984 as a part of Regis McKenna, and founded Cunningham Communication, Inc. She is currently the President of Cunningham Collective, a brand strategy, marketing, and communications firm. Her book, Get to Aha! Discover Your Positioning DNA and Dominate Your Competition was published in October 2017.
Career
Early career
After graduating from Northwestern University in 1979, Cunningham started her career as a feature writer for Irving-Cloud Publishing Co. covering the trucking industry, but decided that she didn't belong in that industry. She joined Burson-Marsteller in Chicago soon after, where she helped to launch Asteroids for Atari, as well as Equal and Nutrasweet for G.D. Searle.
Regis McKenna and the Apple Macintosh
In 1983, Cunningham moved to Silicon Valley, where she joined Regis McKenna and was immediately given project lead responsibilities to work with Steve Jobs for the launch of the Apple Macintosh. She collaborated with Jane Anderson to write the Macintosh launch plan. After the launch, she continued to work with Apple as a client, helping them launch the desktop publishing category with Aldus Corporation and Adobe Systems. She contributed her experiences with Jobs to the Walter Isaacson-penned biography and the Aaron Sorkin-written Steve Jobs movie, where Sarah Snook portrays her.
Cunningham Communication
After leaving Regis McKenna in 1985, Cunningham founded Cunningham Communication, Inc., where she retained Jobs as a client for NeXT and Pixar. Her firm's work included launching RISC microprocessors for consumer personal computers with IBM and Motorola, very light jets with Eclipse Aviation, digital imaging with Kodak, and software-as-a-service with Hewlett-Packard. The firm was acquired in 2000 and renamed Citigate Cunningham.
CXO Communication
In 2003, Cunningham spun CXO Communication, a brand strategy consultancy, out of Citigate Cunningham and became CEO. Instead of focusing on traditional public relations and corporate communications, CXO focused on brand strategy and positioning. Clients included AMD, Beautiful!, Cisco, Eclipse Aviation, FutureMark, Liveops, MarketTools, PivotPoint Capital, PRTM, RSA, UCSF, VantagePoint Venture Partners, and XOJet. She left the firm in 2010 to become CMO of Rearden Commerce, where she repositioned the company's solutions under the Deem brand.
Bite Communications
After leaving Rearden Commerce in the Fall of 2011, Cunningham advised the Bite Communications executive team on a turnaround in North America. Soon after, she was asked to become President of Bite Communications North America. She was promoted on January 1, 2013 to become the CEO of Bite's worldwide operations. She resigned in June 2013 to focus on SeriesC.
Cunningham Collective (formerly SeriesC)
While Cunningham was advising the Bite Communications team, she began to assemble the group that eventually became SeriesC. SeriesC officially launched in the Spring of 2012 with Cunningham retaining leadership positions in both SeriesC and Bite. The firm changed its name to Cunningham Collective in August 2015.
From April 2014 to August 2015, Cunningham was the interim Chief Marketing Officer of Avaya. Her tenure there was a Cunningham Collective engagement, as she continued to lead the firm during that period. She led the team that spearheaded the shift in positioning from collaboration to engagement, with an initial focus on Silicon Valley as a catalyst to revitalize awareness of Avaya to the broader tech audience. She also held an interim CMO role with Tendril and was an interim Chief Communications Officer with BlackBerry, all as Cunningham Collective engagements.
Cunningham is the author of the book Get to Aha!: Discover Your Positioning DNA and Dominate Your Competition.
Boards and non-profit activities
Andy serves on the following corporate boards: MixR(workplace community building software), Motiv Power Systems(electric vehicles), Onclusive, Specialized Bicycle Components(bicycles and related gear), and Woodward Communications, Inc. (media and marketing services). She also serves as a trustee of The Aspen Institute (since 2000) and Menlo College (since 2014).
Andy serves on the following not-for-profit advisory boards: UNICEF, Northwestern University Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications and ZERO1: The Art & Technology Network, an organization she founded in 2000 with the mission to shape the future at the intersection of art and technology. She also serves on the Freeman Design Council, a “special forces” unit of The Freeman Company.
In addition, Andy serves as an advisor to Traackr, an influencer marketing software company.
Past board positions include RhythmOne (adtech) and Finelite, Inc. (lighting design). She also served on the not-for-profit boards of YPO, CEO, Peninsula Open Space Trust (POST) and the Computer History Museum.
Andy is an Aspen Institute Henry Crown Fellow, holds memberships in WPO, CEO, TED and Women Corporate Directors. She has taught marketing classes at Carnegie Mellon University, Harvard University, New York University, Menlo College, Northwestern University, San Jose State University, Santa Clara University, Stanford University and the University of Southern California.
References
Interviews and other mentions
San Jose Mercury News, May 16, 1993. The Graying of Silicon Valley PC Mavericks Evolve Into 'Old Nerd' Network (Archived Article ID:9302060054)
San Jose Mercury News, April 24, 1998. Where are S.J.'s Female-Owned Businesses? (Archived Article ID:9804250153)
Bloomberg Television. October 2011. Apple Earnings, Business Outlook, iPhone. Retrieved May 28, 2013.
FleishmanHillard TRUE. December 2014. Finding Avaya's Silicon Valley Cool. Retrieved February 23, 2015.
The Economist. February 23, 2015. The Entrepreneurial CMOment: Something bigger. Retrieved February 23, 2015.
Press: Here on NBC. May 1, 2015. Andy Cunningham. Retrieved May 2, 2015.
Marketing Magazine. June 24, 2015. Steve Jobs' marketing maven on smashing the silicon ceiling. Retrieved June 24, 2015.
External links
Cunningham Collective Website
CXO Communication Website
ZERO1 Website
Webarchive template wayback links
1956 births
Living people
American computer businesspeople
Silicon Valley people
American marketing people
American public relations people
Northwestern University alumni
Businesspeople from Chicago
People from Palo Alto, California
Marketing women
Henry Crown Fellows
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1980 season.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and Kimikis won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Jakob Chychrun ( ; born March 31, 1998) is an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman and alternate captain for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted sixteenth overall by the Coyotes at the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Early and personal life
Chychrun was born and raised in Boca Raton, Florida, when his father, Jeff, was a member of the Florida Panthers organization. He is also the nephew of Luke Richardson. Both his father and uncle are former National Hockey League defensemen. His mother is Nancy Chychrun, and he has a sister, Taylor. He is a dual American-Canadian citizen of Ukrainian and Jewish descent. He attended American Heritage School in Boca Raton from Pre-kindergarten to ninth grade.
Playing career
Minor hockey
Chychrun started playing hockey in his home state of Florida with the Junior Everblades and the Florida Jr. Panthers organizations. When Chychrun was 13, he joined the Little Caesars hockey organization in Detroit, Michigan, where he played very well during his major bantam season. At the time, he continued living and practising in Florida, travelling to Michigan on the weekends to play. The following season he remained with Little Caesars, playing for their U16 team.
In 2013, Chychrun was drafted by the Youngstown Phantoms in the USHL draft. USA Hockey implemented a rule requiring 15-year-old players to receive a special exemption to play junior hockey. Chychrun applied for one but was denied. As a result, Chychrun moved to Toronto and played his minor midget season for the Toronto Jr. Canadiens in the Greater Toronto Hockey League.
Major junior
Chychrun was selected first overall by the Sarnia Sting in the 2014 OHL Priority Selection. He had a strong rookie season for the Sting and at the end of the season was nominated for the OHL rookie of the year award, i.e. the Emms Family Award; OHL defenceman of the year, i.e. the Max Kaminsky Trophy; and OHL Player of the Year, i.e., the Red Tilson Trophy.
Leading up to the 2016 NHL Entry Draft, Chychrun was highly regarded by scouts and was considered one of the top defencemen available. He was drafted by the Arizona Coyotes in the first round, sixteenth overall. This was far lower than expected; prior to the start of the 2015–16 season, Chychrun was regarded as a top three selection.
Professional
On July 30, 2016, Chychrun signed a three-year, NHL entry-level contract with the Coyotes. He scored his first NHL goal on October 20, 2016, against Carey Price of the Montreal Canadiens. After a month with the Coyotes, the Coyotes announced Chychrun would remain with the team for the rest of the season. He finished the season with seven goals and 20 points in 68 games.
On August 3, 2017, Chychrun underwent knee surgery after suffering an injury during offseason training. On November 28, he was assigned to the Coyotes' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Tucson Roadrunners for conditioning purposes. Chychrun made his NHL season debut on December 3, scoring a goal in a 3–2 loss to the Vegas Golden Knights. He was ruled out for the remainder of the season on April 4 after suffering a lower-body injury. He finished the season with four goals and 14 points in 50 games.
Chychrun underwent surgery to repair a torn ACL in the 2018 offseason. Prior to his season debut on November 13, the Coyotes signed Chychrun to a six-year, $27.6 million contract extension. He finished the season with five goals and 20 points in 53 games.
On April 4, 2021, Chychrun scored his first career hat trick in a 3–2 overtime victory against the Anaheim Ducks.
International play
Chychrun competed with Team Ontario at the 2014 World U-17 Hockey Challenge where he scored four points in five games. He was the first minor midget player to play for Team Ontario at the tournament.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
See also
List of select Jewish ice hockey players
References
External links
1998 births
21st-century Canadian Jews
American men's ice hockey defensemen
American people of Ukrainian descent
Arizona Coyotes draft picks
Arizona Coyotes players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Florida
Jewish ice hockey players
Living people
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Sarnia Sting players
Sportspeople from Boca Raton, Florida
American Heritage School (Florida) alumni
{{Infobox martial artist
| name = Daniel Sarafian
| other_names =
| image =
| alt =
| caption =
| birth_name = Daniel Sarafian Gantman
| birth_date =
| birth_place = São Paulo, Brazil
| death_date =
| death_place =
| death_cause =
| residence =
| nationality = Brazilian
| ethnicity = Armenian
| height =
| weight =
| weight_footnote =
| weight_class = Light HeavyweightMiddleweightWelterweight
| reach =
| style =
| stance = Orthodox
| fighting_out_of = São Paulo, Brazil
| team = Power MMA And Fitness
| rank = Black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
| years_active = 2006–present| mma_kowin = 1
| mma_subwin = 7
| mma_decwin = 3
| mma_koloss = 2
| mma_subloss = 1
| mma_decloss = 3
| mma_draw =
| mma_nc =
| url =
| sherdog = 17665
| footnotes =
| updated =
}}
Daniel Sarafian Gantman (born 21 August 1982 in São Paulo) is an Armenian-Brazilian mixed martial artist who last competed in 2018. A professional since 2006, Sarafian has formerly competed for the UFC, Bellator, Absolute Championship Berkut, and was a competitor on Globo's The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil.
Background
Sarafian started training in the martial arts at the age of five years under his grandfather who was a black belt in judo. Sarafian took solely judo classes until he was ten years old when he began training karate. At sixteen he began taking lessons in Brazilian jiu-jitsu. After entering high school and getting constantly picked on for being overweight, Sarafian began working out and training MMA. Only a couple classes into MMA, Sarafian "fell in love with fighting".
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Sarafian made his professional debut at Predator FC 2 against Jorge Luis Bezerra, winning the fight via submission in round three. In his next bout, he agreed to fight UFC and Strikeforce veteran Mike Whitehead. Sarafian lost the fight via unanimous decision. After his bout with Whitehead Sarafian was asked to take a fight for District Combat Promotions, a small promotion based in the United States. Sarafian took the fight and won via submission (armbar) in the third round.
Sarafian stayed in the United States and fought on the Texas' promotion, Xtreme Fight Championship. He fought Cedric Marks and won the fight via submission in the first round. Sarafian then signed a one-fight deal with Bellator Fighting Championships to compete on their first fight card of their inaugural season. Sarafian fought Gary Padilla, losing in the second round via referee stoppage. Sarafian racked up four straight wins before signing on to take part on The Ultimate Fighter.
The Ultimate Fighter
In March 2012, it was revealed that Sarafian was selected to be a participant on The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil. Sarafian defeated Richardson Moreira via decision to move into the Ultimate Fighter house, and become an official cast member.
Sarafian was selected as the third pick (sixth overall) by Vitor Belfort to be a part of Team Belfort. In the first Middleweight fight of the season, Sarafian was selected to fight Renee Forte. Sarafian dominated the fight and won via rear naked choke in the second round.
In the semi-finals Sarafian was selected to fight Sérgio Moraes. Sarafian won the fight in the first round via KO after hitting Moraes with a flying knee as he dropped for a take down. The win moved Sarafian into the finals of the middleweight tournament, set to take place at the UFC 147.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Sarafian was scheduled to officially make his UFC debut at UFC 147 on 23 June 2012, to determine the middleweight winner of The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil. However, due to an injury, Sarafian was replaced by Sérgio Moraes and did not compete at the event.
In his debut, Sarafian faced C.B. Dollaway on 19 January 2013, at UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Bisping. He lost the back-and-forth fight via split decision. Despite the loss, it was awarded the Fight of the Night honors.
Sarafian faced promotional newcomer Eddie Mendez on 8 June 2013, at UFC on Fuel TV 10. He won the fight via arm triangle submission in the first round.
In what was originally set to be The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil middleweight final, Sarafian faced Cezar Ferreira on 9 November 2013 at UFC Fight Night 32. He lost the fight via split decision.
Sarafian faced Kiichi Kunimoto in a welterweight bout on 14 June 2014, at UFC 174. He lost the fight via rear-naked choke submission in the first round.
Sarafian was expected to return to middleweight and face Dan Miller on 20 December 2014, at UFC Fight Night 58. However, Miller pulled out of the bout on 11 December and was replaced by promotional newcomer Antônio dos Santos. Sarafian won the fight via second round TKO as dos Santos dislocated a finger and was unable to continue.
Sarafian was expected to face Ricardo Abreu on 6 June 2015, at UFC Fight Night 68. However on 4 May, Sarafian was forced to withdraw from the event due to injury and was replaced by Jake Collier.
Sarafian was expected to face Sam Alvey on 21 February 2016, at UFC Fight Night 83. However, Alvey pulled out of the bout in late December after sustaining a broken jaw and was replaced by Oluwale Bamgbose Sarafian lost the fight via knockout in the first round. After his loss to Bamgbose, Sarafian was subsequently released from the promotion
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
*The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil Middleweight Tournament Finalist (replaced due to injury by Sérgio Moraes)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–6
|Carlos Eduardo
|Decision (unanimous)
|ACB 82: Silva vs. Kolobegov
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–6
|James Austen Heidlage
|Decision (unanimous)
|LFA: Sioux Falls Fight Night 1
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States
|Return to Light Heavyweight.
|-
|Loss
|align=center|9–6
|Oluwale Bamgbose
|KO (head kick and punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Cowboy vs. Cowboy
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:00
|Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–5
|Antônio dos Santos
|TKO (finger injury)
|UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Dollaway
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:01
|Barueri, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–5
|Kiichi Kunimoto
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC 174
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:52
|Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–4
|Cezar Ferreira
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Belfort vs. Henderson
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Goiânia, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–3
|Eddie Mendez
|Submission (arm-triangle choke)
|UFC on Fuel TV: Nogueira vs. Werdum
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:20
|Fortaleza, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–3
|C.B. Dollaway
|Decision (split)
|UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Bisping
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–2
|Ricardo Silva
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Pretorian 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:01
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–2
|Gilklei Antonio Silva
|Submission (punches)
|Blaze FC 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:44
|Curitiba, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–2
|Mauricio Alonso
|Decision (unanimous)
|First Class Fight 5
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–2
|Yuri Villas Boas
|Submission (arm-triangle choke)
|Hero Kombat 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:14
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|3–2
|Gary Padilla
|TKO (punches)
|Bellator 1
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:04
|Hollywood, Florida, United States
|Middleweight debut.
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–1
|Cedric Marks
|Submission (triangle choke)
|Xtreme Fight Championship
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:06
|Austin, Texas, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–1
|Lamont Lister
|Submission (armbar)
|District Combat Promotions 1
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:32
|Washington, D.C., United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|1–1
|Mike Whitehead
|Decision (unanimous)
|Platinum Fighting Productions 1
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Quezon City, Philippines
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Jorge Luis Bezerra
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|Predador FC 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|0:43
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
Mixed martial arts exhibition record
|-
|Win
|align=center|3-0
|Sérgio Moraes
|KO (flying knee)
|The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil| (airdate)
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:07
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2-0
|Renee Forte
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil| (airdate)
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:00
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1-0
|Richardson Moreira
|Decision (unanimous)
|The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil''
| (airdate)
|align=center|2
|align=center|5:00
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian male judoka
Brazilian male karateka
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Mixed martial artists utilizing karate
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Bellator male fighters
Brazilian people of Armenian descent
Sportspeople from São Paulo
Nicoleta Alina Dobrin (former Păcuraru; born 1 August 1976) is a Romanian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Romanian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Romania
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Bucharest
Robert Pike (16161706) was an opponent of the Salem witchcraft prosecutions of 1692. He was also involved in two other notable, public controversies prior to 1692. The first was his open criticism of the persecution of the Quakers, for which he was arraigned by the Massachusetts General Court in 1653. Years later, he became embroiled in a long feud with the pastor of Salisbury, the Reverend John Wheelwright, who excommunicated him in 1675 and was later obliged to reinstate him.
Early life and education
Robert Pike was probably born in Landford, Wiltshire, England about 1616. He came to the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1635 with his father, John Pike (1572–1654) and four siblings. His mother Dorothy Day had died several years before. They first settled in Newbury. Within a few years Robert Pike moved to the east side of the Merrimack River and became one of the founders and first landowners of Salisbury (originally called Colchester), where he remained the rest of his life.
Pike married Sarah Sanders, of Salisbury, on 3 April 1641. They raised eight children before her death in 1679. While nothing is known about his formal education in England, it is clear that he was well-educated, for he wrote with a flowing hand and could formulate well-reasoned arguments in his own defence and the defence of others. His brother, John Pike (1613–1689), also appears to have been well-educated prior to their arrival in 1635.
Civic life
As one of the leading men of the new settlement that became Salisbury, Pike took on numerous civic and military duties and held several offices. In 1641, his first appointment was as a Fence Viewer, which involved the settling of disputes about property boundaries, "livestock proof" fences, and resolving disputes about fence repairs. In May 1644, he was appointed by the General Court, along with two others, with the power "to end small causes in Salisbury". In modern terms, this is roughly equivalent to a justice of the peace. By 1646, Pike was the leader of the local militia and known as Lieutenant Pike, then Major Pike. Thomas Bradbury, husband of Mary Bradbury, was second in command, as an ensign. In 1648, Salisbury elected Pike to the post of Deputy to the General Court, based in Boston. He was re-elected 10 times and later served one term as magistrate. At the time of King Philip's War (1675–78) Pike served as Sergeant-Major, and was responsible for much of the area North of Boston (Maine was then a part of Massachusetts). Captain Benjamin Church reported to Sergeant-Major Pike.
In defence of Quakers
Small numbers of Quakers started arriving in New England by 1656. The Puritan-dominated General Court immediately enacted laws to discourage their activities. The new laws provided for harsh punishment to anyone who professed the "heretical opinions" of Quakers. They even punished ship captains who knowingly carried Quakers as passengers. However, these new measures brought heated debate within the General Court, as their passage was far from unanimous. The Deputies of the General Court, including Robert Pike, who represented the outlying areas, were much more likely to be sensitive to the issue of religious freedom and probably voted against the new laws. Nonetheless, numerous Quaker missionaries were punished by public whippings, banishment, and the threat of death if they returned to Massachusetts Bay Colony. Between 1659 and 1661,|five Quakers, all of whom had returned to Boston to continue preaching publicly, were hanged.
In the winter of 1662, three Quaker women arrived in Dover, New Hampshire, to preach and soon after were arrested and ordered whipped. Richard Waldron, the magistrate at Dover, even went to the extreme of issuing a warrant declaring that the constables of 11 surrounding towns, including Salisbury, were to carry out public whippings of the three women. After they were transported in a cart to Salisbury, the third town of the 11, they were set free by the local authorities, which included Thomas Bradbury, Walter Barefoote, and Pike. While historians are uncertain as to some of the details, it is believed that Pike was the local constable and he deputised an eager Barefoote, who then "misused" his authority to free the women. In any case, over 200 years later, the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier immortalised this cruel episode in his poem, "How the Women Went from Dover". One of the verses is engraved upon a stone memorial to Robert Pike in Salisbury Common.
"Cut loose these poor ones and let them go;
Come what will of it, all men shall know
No warrant is good, though backed by the Crown,
For whipping women in Salisbury town!"
Massachusetts property records substantiate that Major Pike was one of the owners of Nantucket who gave that island to the Quakers as a place of seclusion in which they would be less likely to be persecuted.
Role in Salem witchcraft crisis
By 1692, Robert Pike had risen to the office of Assistant to the General Court. In that role, he was directed to take depositions of both the accused and the accuser, for the immediate region around Salisbury, during the witchcraft crisis of 1692. In May, he took notes regarding the stories and accusations against Susannah Martin of neighbouring Amesbury. More depositions against her followed in June. She was tried and convicted in Boston in late June, then executed by hanging on 19 July, along with Sarah Good, Rebecca Nurse, Elizabeth Howe and Sarah Wildes.
On 26 May 1692, George Herrick brought charges, on behalf of Ann Putnam and Mary Walcott, against Mary Bradbury of Salisbury. The wife of Thomas Bradbury, she was well known and respected by Robert Pike and many others. She was convicted in her final trial of 9 September, despite several witnesses supporting her and a petition on her behalf signed by 115 townspeople. Pike prepared her sworn statement on her behalf, defending her character and good works.
Prior to Mary Bradbury's conviction, Pike wrote a remarkable letter to Jonathan Corwin, one of the trial judges, in which he composed a tightly reasoned attack upon the use of spectral evidence and the testimony of the "afflicted girls" in general. While Pike, like all Puritans, believed witches and witchcraft existed and were the work of Satan, he was questioning the current methods of the court in determining credibility and guilt. In his letter of 9 August, Pike makes several points:
Citing 1st Samuel xxviii 13, 14: Any person, virtuous or not, may be in truth a witch.
A poor reputation does not suggest or substantiate guilt (as with Sarah Good).
Satan is capable of presenting anyone's spectre to a tormented person (not only a witch's spectre).
How can it be known if Satan acts with or without the permission of any specific (accused) person.
It is completely contrary to a witch's well-being for them to practice witchcraft within a courtroom.
It is likewise contrary for witches to accuse others of witchcraft (as was the case), as "they are all part of Satan's kingdom, which would fall, if divided against itself".
It is not known just how Pike's letter was received, since there is no written response, but with it he became one of the first of several prominent men to question the handling of the witchcraft crisis. Within a few weeks, Thomas Brattle and Samuel Willard of Boston wrote their own manuscripts, using some of the same arguments Pike had made. By October 1692, the activity of the courts was greatly diminished, the executions had ended, and the witchcraft crisis was effectively over.
References
Notes
Sources
Warren, Roland L. (1992). Loyal Dissenter: The Life and Times of Robert Pike. Lanham, Maryland: University Press of America. .
Upham, Charles Wentworth (1860). Salem Witchcraft; with an Account of Salem Village, and a History of Opinions on Witchcraft and Kindred Subjects, Volume I and II. Boston: Wiggin and Lunt. .
Norton, Mary Beth (2002). In the Devil's Snare The Salem Witchcraft Crisis of 1692. New York City: Alfred A. Knopf. .
External links
The New Puritan, by James Shepherd Pike
The Salem Witch Trials Documentary Archive and Transcription Project
How the Women Went from Dover, by John Greenleaf Whittier
YouTube video on Pike memorial in Salisbury, Massachusetts
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Place of death unknown
1616 births
1706 deaths
17th-century English people
18th-century American people
18th-century English people
Critics of witch hunting
Kingdom of England emigrants to Massachusetts Bay Colony
People of colonial Massachusetts
People from Wiltshire
People excommunicated by Christian churches
People of the Salem witch trials
Tregynrig is a hamlet in the community of Llanbadrig, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 143.1 miles (230.2 km) from Cardiff and 222.8 miles (358.6 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Hamlets in Wales
Wang Weiping (born 21 March 1966) is a Chinese boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1966 births
Living people
Chinese male boxers
Olympic boxers of China
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
Mera Lahoo (translation: My Blood) is a 1987 Indian directed by Veerendra and starring Govinda and Kimi Katkar. The film was directed by punjabi actor veerendra an it was declared hit.
Summary
Elder brother Dharam (Raj Kiran) and younger brother Govinda (Govinda) are living happily in a village. Dharam marries Pavitra (Kimi Katkar) and Govinda falls in love with Gita. Soon after marriage, due to evil thoughts and tactics, the two brothers are separated. Dharam's mind has been poisoned by Dhaneshwar, and he alleged Govinda as having had physical relations with his Bhabhi Pavita, and therefore Govinda leaves the house. In the absence of Govinda, Dharam has been murdered and Bhabhi Pavitra becomes the victim of Dhaneshwar's lust for sex. Govinda returns to avenge his brother's death and Bhabi's rape. How and where Govinda avenges from the climax.
Cast
Govinda - Govinda Singh
Kimi Katkar - Pavitra D. Singh / Geeta
Gulshan Grover - Dhaneshwar "Dhanu"
Utpal Dutt - Pratap Singh
Raj Kiran - Dharam Singh
Birbal - Raunaki
Kirti Kumar - Rahim
Sunil Dhawan - Senior Police Inspector
Soundtrack
The music composed by Anu Malik.
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1987 films
Films scored by Anu Malik
For The Sake Of The Children was a report issued in December, 1998, by a Special Joint Committee of The Senate and The House of Commons of Canada, addressing issues relating to parental custody of and access to children after a relationship breakdown. The report was notable for its principal recommendation that shared parenting be presumed, at first instance, to be the appropriate relationship between a child and his or her parents after a relationship breakdown. The Joint Committee was co-chaired by Senator Landon Pearson and Member of Parliament Roger Gallaway.
See also
Child custody
Shared parenting
References
Canadian commissions and inquiries
Family law in Canada
Child custody
For the United States commercial real estate, normally the landlord, rather than the tenant, is responsible for real estate taxes, maintenance, and insurance. In a "net lease," in addition to base rent, the tenant or lessee is responsible for paying, some or all of the recoverable expenses related to real-estate ownership. As the rent collected under a net lease is "net" after expenses are passed through to tenants to be paid, the base rent tends to be lower than rent charged under a gross lease.
Net lease types include single net, double net, and triple net leases, depending on the number of items they include. The term "net lease" is often used as a shorthand expression for any of these arrangements. The three most common expenses charged back are property taxes, insurance, and maintenance, often called the "three nets". A triple net lease that includes the three nets is particularly common and is often abbreviated in writing as "NNN lease" but is still pronounced as "triple net lease".
Variations of the NNN lease
Single-tenant net lease
NNN leased investments are generally leased to one single tenant and are thus referred to as STNLs or Single Tenant Net Leases. A NNN lease investment can however have two or more tenants, and it would not be considered an STNL investment. An example of this would be a Starbucks & MetroPCS which share a building under two separate NNN leases, or a retail strip center where all tenants are wrapped into one NNN lease. Both examples would be considered NNN leased investments; however, they would not be STNLs. The risk of default is spread out over more than one tenant in such NNN deals (e.g., if either Starbucks or MetroPCS goes bankrupt, the other tenant continues to pay the rent due under their NNN lease). Such deals can appeal to investors seeking to spread risk, though the simplicity of collecting one rent check from one tenant is forfeited.
Double net lease
Another variation of the NNN lease is the NN lease, or "Net-Net" lease, which is pronounced "double net" where the "net" amounts generally are property tax and insurance. Double net leases, like triple net leases, are usually, though not always, single-tenant arrangements. However, the landlord carries some extra financial maintenance obligation. The term "Net Lease" is tossed around loosely in the net lease industry, often used when referring to a triple or double net lease; however, there is a definite distinction between a triple net and a double net lease even though some brokers erroneously use the term "Net Lease" to describe both. Double net leased investments generally trade at a slightly higher CAP rate than triple net leased investments because of the maintenance expenses which the landlord is responsible for. Brand new NN Deals with long-term builder warranties covering the roof and sometimes structure can be attractive to investors looking for a higher return.
Risk
Even though NNN leased investments are considered to be highly risk-averse investments, especially when leased to a national credit tenant, the landlord is still exposed to some financial risk. In the fine print of most NNN leases, these risks are specified. For instance, who carries the obligation to rebuild after a casualty (natural disasters included) or whether the tenant must continue paying rent should the property be condemned. In other instances, certain risks (e.g., fluctuations in property taxes) cannot be completely accounted for in the initial contract, forcing the landlord to estimate these costs early on. In this scenario, if the landlord's accountant does not follow through with changing the invoices appropriately, it may cost the landlord thousands of dollars by the end of the year. Although NNN lease investments carry relatively low risk, they require high levels of oversight for these reasons.
In one variation of a NNN lease contract, the "bondable NNN lease" (sometimes referred to as a "true triple net" or "absolute triple net" lease), the tenant cannot terminate the lease or seek any rent abatements under any circumstances, a provision that mitigates some of the risk for the landlord.
Benefits
NNN lease
Investors can benefit from NNN lease properties in a variety of ways. In NNN leases, tenants take on the responsibility of major expenses, such as HVAC and roof repairs, keeping the operation cost lower for the landlord. Typically, NNN leases have lower rent per square foot rates which increases the tenant pool when a landlord is ready to lease the property. For specific tenants, landlords will frequently modify leases allowing for greater flexibility and higher tenant retention.
Absolute net lease
Most investors in today's net lease market prefer an investment that is truly passive; therefore, an absolute net lease is a requirement for many of these investors. Investors prefer to hold these assets long-term, which means there is likely some wear and tear maintenance, as well as a roof that will need to be replaced at some point. With an absolute net lease in, the risk of expenses associated with building maintenance shifts solely to the tenant, allowing the landlord to receive a 100% passive investment.
NNN 1031 exchange
In its simplest form, a 1031 exchange is a tax deferral strategy for real estate transactions in which a property owner or investor sells one property and purchases another within a specific time frame. The transaction, however, must qualify as a "like kind" exchange.
Common misconceptions
A "bondable NNN lease", the most extreme form of a NNN lease investment, is often used incorrectly in the net lease industry when referring to NNN properties which are merely occupied by investment-grade tenants. The tenant's credit rating is a crucial factor which the lender takes into account in their decision to lend on a property and under what terms; however, it is not the characteristic which distinguishes a bondable triple net from a standard triple net lease investment. When evaluating the value of the tenant's credit, most brokers and lenders base their analysis on the credit rating garnered by one of the major credit agencies (Moody's, Standard & Poor's, Dun & Bradstreet). Though these ratings are important, they do not always paint the most accurate picture of a company's overall performance and future viability. Some brokers offer the services of an in-house stockbroker to analyze the credit tenant's financials and stock performance when the tenant is publicly traded. A great deal can be learned by examining the credit tenant's stock performance in comparison to other industry competitors. Other readily available metrics, such as P/E ratio, PEG ratio, and debt-to-equity ratio can be indicators of a credit tenant's financial health.
Components and values of single-tenant leases
The value of a net leased investment is determined by the value of the real estate, the value of the credit tenant, and the value of the lease itself.
In a standard NNN leased investment the landlord owns the land and building while collecting rent from the tenant. If the tenant chooses to leave or the landlord decides he or she wants a different tenant when the lease term is up, he or she still owns the building and land. Planned developments in the area as well as current and future demographic trends all affect the real estate's value. The value of the physical building should also be factored in when determining the real estate's value.
The second determinant of value is the quality of the credit tenant. This is generally determined by the tenant's current credit rating and past financial reports. Most investors use the Standard and Poor's credit ratings. In order to qualify as an investment grade tenant, the company must be rated at lease BBB- by Standard and Poor's. Properties leased by credit tenants are in the highest demand and therefore command a lower capitalization rate than non-investment grade tenants.
The third determinant of value is the lease itself. NNN leases are more valuable than NN leases because the landlord is responsible for some of the expenses in a double net lease. The length of the lease is also a determinant of value (e.g., 20 years of guaranteed income will be worth more 10 or 15 year terms). Generous rental increases, also known as rent bumps, add value to the lease and protect the landlord against inflation. Some leases also have a percentage rent kick in if the tenant's gross sales hits a certain CAP. Most leases grant the tenant options to renew with several short term options putting the landlord in a weaker position when it comes time to renew the lease. If the current rents in the lease are below market, the landlord has the opportunity to command higher rents when the lease term is up.
Net lease planning as an investment tool
NNN lease planning is a rich investment tool which provides the investor with many opportunities to navigate an ever-changing market. NNN lease investments are essentially inflation-protected bonds guaranteed by a credit tenant, rather than a state or local municipality. The tenant makes monthly payments to the landlord, while the real estate (and often rent bumps called for in the lease) provides the investor protection against inflation. NNN lease investments provide similar tax advantages as tax-exempt municipal bonds without forcing the investor to settle for lower yields. If investors were to purchase a bond in the secondary market and sell it for a profit years later, they would have to pay a capital gains tax on the profit regardless of whether or not the bond is exempt from income tax. This is not the case when investing in NNN leases because, although structured like a bond, they are still considered real estate investments and therefore can be depreciated in the same manner as similar income producing commercial real estate. The taxes on the income they generate can be reduced or deferred over the life of the asset. Investors, of course, have to pay taxes on recaptured depreciation back when property is sold; however, this can be circumvented by utilizing a 1031 exchange by purchasing a like-kind property. NNN leased investments are also financeable, allowing the investor to leverage the credit of their tenant while also creating tax-deductible interest payments.
Off-market NNN properties
An off-market NNN property is a NNN property that is available for sale, but not publicly marketed. Many investors and developers prefer off-market transactions for a variety of reasons, one of which is controlling the publicity of the availability of the property, which could create issues with other lease negotiations on other deals. There are several professional commercial real estate brokers that specialize in off-market NNN properties.
See also
Real Estate Investment Trust
References
Leasing
Real property law
Franz Schubert wrote three string trios, all of them in the key of B-flat major. From the first of these, 111A, a trio Schubert wrote in 1814, only a few measures are extant. The string trio D 471 consists of a completed first movement and an incomplete second movement, composed in 1816. The last of these trios, D 581, was completed in four movements, exists in two versions and was composed in 1817.
String Trio in B-flat major, D 111A
A few bars of an Allegro movement is all that is left of the string trio D 111A, composed in September 1814. The fragment is printed in the New Schubert Edition.
String Trio in B-flat major, D 471
Schubert started composing this piece in September 1816, but only finished the first movement. In 1890, this movement was the only content of Series VI, Trio für Streichinstrument of the Alte Gesamt-Ausgabe, and was as such republished by Dover Editions in 1965. The second unfinished movement was first published in 1897, in the first volume of the Revisionsbericht of the Alte Gesamt-Ausgabe.
Movements
String Trio in B-flat major, D 581
Schubert wrote this string trio in September 1817, and it consists of four movements. The Alte Gesamt-Ausgabe published this trio in 1897 as No. 5 in Serie XXI: Supplement, Volume 1. Both versions of this string trio were published in Series VI, Volume 6 of the New Schubert Edition in 1981.
Movements
References
External links
Chamber music by Franz Schubert
Compositions for string trio
1816 compositions
1817 compositions
Compositions in B-flat major
Hualin Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian, China. After the introduction of Chan Buddhism from China to Japan in the Song dynasty (960–1279), the architectural style of the Song dynasty had a profound influence on Japan's traditional cultural and folk customs. The oldest things in the temple are the Main Hall, which was built in the early Song dynasty (960–1279).
History
Song dynasty
Hualin Temple was first built with the name of "Yueshan Jixiang Chan Temple" () in 964 by the then provincial governor of Fuzhou Bao Xiurang (), under the kingdom of Wuyue in the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms (907–960). During the reign of Emperor Gaozong (1127–1162), he inscribed the name on a plaque to the name. In the Song and Ming dynasties, the temple is renowned for its quiet and beautiful environment, which attracted many literati to come and compose poems to eulogize the temple, including Li Gang, Zhang Jun, Wang Yingshan, and Xie Zhaozhi.
Ming dynasty
In 1444, in the ruling of Emperor Yingzong in the Ming dynasty (1368–1644), the emperor inscribed and honored the name "Hualin Temple" (), which is still in use now.
Qing dynasty
In 1644, the year of the founding of the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), Hualin Temple was renovated by monks. In 1668, in the ruling of Kangxi Emperor (1662–1722), it was refurbished again. The temple became dilapidated due to neglect in the Yongzheng era (1723–1735). It was enlarged in the Jiaqing (1796–1820) and Daoguang periods (1821–1850). Lin Zexu, a notable official in the Qing court, wrote an article about the reconstruction project.
People's Republic of China
After the establishment of the Communist State in 1953, Hualin Temple was designated as a provincial level cultural heritage by the Fujian Provincial Government.
In 1966, Mao Zedong launched the ten-year Cultural Revolution, the Shanmen, Hall of Four Heavenly Kings, corridors and walls were demolished by the Red Guards with only the Main Hall remaining.
On 23 February 1982, the Main Hall of Hualin Temple was listed among the second batch of "Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Fujian" by the State Council of China.
Hualin Temple was officially reopened to the public in the Chinese New Year of 1990.
Architecture
Main Hall
The Main Hall in the temple has single-eave gable and hip roof covered with black tiles, which represented water then and could extinguish fire. It still preserves the architectural style of the early Song dynasty. The Main Hall is high, three rooms wide, four rooms deep and covers an area of . It is rectangular in shape with eight purlins and four pillars. It is the earliest wooden architecture in Jiangnan.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Hualin Monastery, Architectura Sinica Site Archive
History of Fujian
Buddhist temples in Fuzhou
Buildings and structures in Fuzhou
Tourist attractions in Fuzhou
10th-century establishments in China
10th-century Buddhist temples
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Fujian
is a 2012 Japanese television drama series. It premiered on NTV on 14 January 2012, and concluded 23 June 2012, airing 24 episodes.
Cast
Aya Hirano as Urara Ayabuki
Rino Sashihara as Maki Mukouda
Narushi Ikeda as Ryū Okita
Nako Mizusawa as Reiko Mikawa
Moe Arai as Ayano Himekawa
References
External links
2012 Japanese television series debuts
Nippon TV dramas
Japanese drama television series
Television shows written by Yûichi Fukuda
Henry "Wayne" Howard is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from the 124th District, serving since 2019 as a member of the Democratic Party. Howard serves as a member of the Appropriations, Education, Health & Services, Juvenile Justice, and Motor Vehicles committees.
Election
In 2006, Henry "Wayne" Howard's father, Henry Howard, died in the midst of his term representing Georgia House District 121. The Henry senior's wife (Wayne Howard's step-mother), Earnestine Howard, ran unopposed and won the seat. The following term, Wayne ran against Earnestine for the seat.
References
Living people
21st-century American politicians
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Georgia (U.S. state) Democrats
1955 births
Bernard Roizman (born April 17, 1929) is an American scientist born in Romania. He is the Joseph Regenstein Distinguished Service Professor of Virology in the Departments of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics and Cell Biology at the University of Chicago.
Early life and education
Roizman was born in Chisinau, Romania in 1929. As he later recalled, his early life was "shaped by World War II" and the hardships his family endured as war refugees after being displaced in 1941 by the German invasion of the Soviet Union. The family eventually made their way to the United States in 1948, where they settled in Philadelphia. Roizman received a scholarship to attend a Pennsylvanian college and enrolled at Temple University, from which he received his bachelor's and master's degrees. He subsequently attended the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health where he received his Sc.D. in 1956.
Academic career and research
Roizman joined the faculty at Johns Hopkins after graduation, and later spent a year as a visiting scientist at the Institut Pasteur in Paris. When he returned to the United States he joined the faculty at the University of Chicago in 1965. He served as department chair from 1985 to 1988. He was one of several prominent virologists involved in the founding of the American Society for Virology and organized a key meeting in Chicago that led to the society's establishment.
Roizman's research interests focused on the herpes simplex virus, particularly on regulation of viral genes and on the use of site-specific mutagenesis to study viral gene function. In 1999 he was involved in an inventorship dispute with a member of his research group, whose lawsuit was ultimately successful.
Awards and honors
Elected: Member of the United States National Academy of Sciences, 1979
Fellow, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 1991
Fellow, American Academy of Microbiology, 1992
Bristol-Myers Squibb Award for Distinguished Achievement in Infectious Disease Research, 1998
Foreign Member, Chinese Academy of Engineering, 2000
Institute of Medicine, 2001
Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science, 2004
Selman A. Waksman Award in Microbiology, 2017
References
External links
Bernard Roizman profile at the University of Chicago
University of Chicago faculty
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health alumni
American virologists
American people of Romanian-Jewish descent
Living people
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Foreign members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering
Temple University alumni
1929 births
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
Fellows of the American Academy of Microbiology
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
West v. Barnes, 2 U.S. (2 Dall.) 401 (1791), was the first United States Supreme Court decision and the earliest case calling for oral argument. Van Staphorst v. Maryland (1791) was docketed prior to West v. Barnes but settled before the Court heard the case: West was argued on August 2 and decided on August 3, 1791. Collet v. Collet (1792) was the first appellate case docketed with the Court but was dropped before it could be heard. Supreme Court Reporter Alexander Dallas did not publish the justices' full opinions in West v. Barnes, which were published in various newspapers around the country at the time, but he published an abbreviated summary of the decision.
The Court ultimately decided the case on procedural grounds, holding that a writ of error (an appeal) must be issued within ten days by the Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States as required by federal statute, and not by a lower court located closer to the plaintiff in Rhode Island. As a result of this case, Congress ultimately changed this procedure with the ninth section of the Process and Compensation Act of 1792, allowing circuit courts to issue these writs, thereby assisting citizens living far away from the capital.
Background
This was one of the earliest potential cases of judicial review in the United States where the Court had the opportunity to overturn a Rhode Island state statute regarding lodging payment of a debt in paper currency in fulfillment of a contract. The court did not exercise judicial review in deference to the legislature. The court ultimately decided against William West, the petitioner, on procedural grounds.
William West was a farmer, anti-federalist leader, revolutionary war general, and judge from Scituate, Rhode Island. He owed a mortgage on his farm from a failed molasses deal in 1763 to the Jenckes family from Providence. He made payments on the mortgage for twenty years, and in 1785 asked the state for permission to conduct a lottery to help pay off the remainder. Due to his service during the Revolution, the state granted him permission. Much of the proceeds were paid in paper currency instead of gold or silver. West tendered payment in the paper currency as allowed by state statute, "lodging" the funds with a state judge to be collected within ten days.
David L. Barnes, a Jenckes heir, and well-known attorney and later federal judge, brought suit in federal court based on diversity jurisdiction asserting that gold or silver payment was required, and refusing the paper currency. Despite lack of formal training, West represented himself pro se in the circuit court in June 1791 before Chief Justice John Jay, Associate Justice William Cushing, and Henry Marchant. They rejected his arguments. West then pursued appeal to the Supreme Court on a writ of error, attempting to comply with all statutory directions. West was unable to make the journey to Philadelphia to represent himself, so he engaged William Bradford, Jr., Pennsylvania's attorney general, to represent him. On appeal, Barnes focused on the procedural irregularities. Barnes asserted that the writ had been signed and sealed only by the clerk of the circuit court in Rhode Island instead of by the Supreme Court clerk, which he claimed as necessary. This was asserted despite the fact that West would have had to make an arduous journey in 1791 to Philadelphia within ten days to do so. West lost on this procedural issue and was eventually forced to relinquish his farm.
Opinions
The court's full opinion was extensively covered by period newspapers as no official court reporter was yet published in 1791, and the seriatim opinions were republished in the newspapers and are currently accessible in James R. Perry's The Documentary History of the Supreme Court of the United States, 1789-1800, Volume 6, "West v. Barnes," pp. 3-27. . Each of the five justices issued a seriatim opinion regarding the writ of error, and the justices unsuccessfully looked to common law precedent from state courts and pre-Revolution English case law including Coke and Blackstone's treatises. Several of the justices expressed their reservations about the federal statute and suggested alternatives for filing within the ten-day statutory period, but nevertheless each justice refused to expand the meaning of the statute believing that only Congress had the power to do so. In summation the Dallas reporter quoted John Jay and summed up the case holding as follows:
West, Plaintiff in error, v. Barnes et al.
On the first day of the term, Bradford presented to the court, a writ, purporting to be a writ of error, issued out of the office of the clerk of the circuit court for Rhode Island district, directed to that court, and commanding a return of the judgment and proceedings rendered by them in this cause: And thereupon he moved for a rule, that the defendant rejoin to the errors assigned in this cause.
Barnes, one of the defendants, (a counsellor of the court) objected to the validity of the writ, that it had issued out of the wrong office: and, after argument,
THE COURT were unanimously of opinion, That writs of error to remove causes to this court from inferior courts, can regularly issue only from the clerk's office of the court.
Motion refused.
Aftermath
Justice James Iredell was upset by the governing statute and wrote to President Washington to change the law, which allowed only the clerk of the Supreme Court to issue writs of error. The Process and Compensation Act of 1792 altered the law to prevent such hardships for future litigants.
Several months after the decision, on November 9, 1791, Barnes brought another suit of ejectment to eject West from the mortgaged farm. He filed suit in the Circuit Court for the District of Rhode Island. Justice Jay, Justice Cushing and Judge Henry Marchant held the plea bad for a second time. They decided that William West lodged payment of his debt with a Rhode Island judge on September 16, and so Barnes had ten days to collect it, according to the state statute. The Rhode Island "lodging" Act was, however, suspended on the 19th of that month and so the ten-day period could not fully occur since only three days had passed and was thus not conformable to the statute. Barnes eventually won the ejectment case, but he had difficulty ejecting West's family from the farm, as West had sold the farm to a son-in-law. West's estate continued to be disputed after his death, resulting in the First Circuit decision West v. Randall in 1820.
According to Cotter v. Alabama, "Prior to 1791 it was the practice that a writ of error could only issue from the office of the clerk of the supreme court. In Mussina v. Cavazos, ([73, US 355], 6 Wall. 355), it is stated that a decision to that effect in West v. Barnes... led to the enactment of the ninth section of the act of 1792, being section 1004 of the Revised Statutes..." (Cotter v. Alabama G. S. R. Co., 61 F. 747, 748 (6th Cir. 1894)).
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 2
List of United States Supreme Court cases prior to the Marshall Court
William West
References
United States Supreme Court cases
Legal history of Rhode Island
Scituate, Rhode Island
1791 in United States case law
1791 in Rhode Island
United States Supreme Court cases of the Jay Court
Banknotes of the United States
Bay Springs Lake is a reservoir on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway
in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is impounded by the Jamie Whitten Lock and Dam. The lake is approximately nine miles long, between waterway mile markers 412 at the dam, and 421 near the entrance to the divide cut.
External links
from USACE.
Protected areas of Prentiss County, Mississippi
Reservoirs in Mississippi
Protected areas of Tishomingo County, Mississippi
Bodies of water of Prentiss County, Mississippi
Bodies of water of Tishomingo County, Mississippi
Temoridae is a family of copepods, containing the following genera:
Epischura S. A. Forbes, 1882
Epischurella Smirnov, 1936
Eurytemora Giesbrecht, 1881
Ganchosia Oliveira, 1946
Heterocope G. O. Sars, 1863
Lahmeyeria Oliveira, 1946
Temora Baird, 1850
References
Crustacean families
Negros is a rural barrio in the municipality of Corozal, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,398.
Features and demographics
Negros has of land area and no water area. In 2010, its population was 1,398 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Negros barrio was 818.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Negros barrio:
, and .
Features
PR-805 is the main east-west road through Negros.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Corozal, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Corozal, Puerto Rico
Talking to You may refer to:
Talking to You (Jakob Sveistrup song)
Talking to You (Izzy Bizu song)
Virginia's 34th House of Delegates district elects one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. District 34 represents portions of Fairfax and Loudoun counties. Represented for 25 years by Republican Vincent Callahan, as of 2020 the 34th district is represented by Democrat Kathleen J. Murphy.
Electoral history
2013
In the 2013 general election, Republican incumbent Barbara Comstock was challenged by Democrat Kathleen Murphy, a former Clinton administration official in the U.S. Department of Commerce. Comstock edged out Murphy, winning re-election by 258 votes.
2015
Incumbent Comstock was elected to Congress in November 2014, vacating her House of Delegates seat and prompting a special election on January 6, 2015. In another close contest, Democrat Murphy defeated Republican Craig Parisot by 326 votes. In the November general election, the same candidates ran again. Murphy won re-election by 188 votes.
2017
Murphy was re-elected with 61% of the vote, defeating Republican Cheryl Buford.
2019
Challenged by Republican Gary Pan, Murphy was re-elected with 58% of the vote.
District officeholders
References
Virginia House of Delegates districts
Government in Fairfax County, Virginia
Government in Loudoun County, Virginia
Fructuosus of Braga was the Bishop of Dumio and Archbishop of Braga, a great founder of monasteries, who died on 16 April 665. He was the son of a Visigothic dux in the region of Bierzo and at a young age accompanied his father on official trips over his estates. After a period spent as a hermit, he established a monastery at Complutum and became its first abbot.
Life
After the death of his parents, Fructuosus first sought instruction from the Bishop of Palencia before retiring as a hermit to a desert in Galicia. Many pupils gathered around him, and thus originated the monastery of Complutum in the El Bierzo region, over which he himself at first presided, later, he appointed an abbot and again retired into the desert. In the course of time, he founded nine other monasteries, including one for women under the abbess Benedicta.
Abbot
Some of these were located in Gallaecia, but he subsequently established monasteries farther south in the Iberian Peninsula. The location of these foundations "is not known with complete certainty." Fructuosus established Rufiana or the Monasterium Rufianense in El Bierzo, as well as a monastery known as Visoniense and another known as Peonense. It has been speculated that these may refer to San Pedro de Montes, San Fiz de Visoña, San Juan de Poyo, respectively. In Baetica, he established a monastery at the Island of Cádiz and a nunnery called Nono, as it was established nine miles from the sea.
His monastery at Compludo was known for its unusually severe Rule. In this monastery, monks were required to reveal all their thoughts, visions and dreams to their superiors. They were subjected to bedtime inspections throughout the night. Monks were forbidden to look at each other. Punishments here were also unusually harsh and included flogging and imprisonment within the monastery on a diet of six ounces of bread for three to six months.
His relationship with the kings of his time was not always a happy one. In 652, he wrote what was apparently a second letter to King Recceswinth asking for the release of political prisoners held from the reign of King Chintila, some of whom had languished in prison until the reign of King Erwig.
Bishop
He was later present at the Eighth Council of Toledo in 653, in place of Bishop Riccimer of Dumio. It was at this council that Fructuosus raised the issue of political prisoners once again. After the death of Bishop Riccimer, Fructuosus succeeded him in the See of Dumio in 654. In 656, he undertook to plan for a voyage to the Levant. However, according to the new laws enacted by King Chindasvinth, it was illegal to leave the kingdom without royal permission. One of the few disciples privy to his plans had given him up to authorities and Fructuosus was subsequently arrested and imprisoned.
Fructuosus attended the Tenth Council of Toledo in December 656. The last will and testament of the recently deceased bishop Riccimer, was disputed by those who saw his freeing of slaves and distribution of church rents to the poor was responsible for the subsequent impoverishment of that see. The council agreed that, by not providing compensation, Riccimer had obviated his duty and the acts of his will were rendered invalid. They gave the job of correcting the problem to Fructuosus and commanded him to take moderation in the case of the slaves. At the same council, Archbishop Potamius of Braga was remanded to a monastery for licentiousness and his archdiocese was given to Fructuosus on 1 December 656.
Fructuosus dressed so poorly as to be mistaken for a slave and he even received a beating from a peasant, from which he was only saved by a miracle (according to the monastic chroniclers). His Vita is one of the chief sources for writing the history of his age. From the 16th to the mid 20th century the authorship of the Vita Fructuosi was wrongly attributed to Valerio of Bierzo. It is now accepted to have been written by an anonymous monastic disciple.
The feast day of Saint Fructuosus is observed on 16 April. His relics, which for a time were in the Cathedral of Braga, were later transferred to the Shrine of Santiago de Compostela in the year 1102. They were returned to their original location in 1966. Fructuosus is depicted with a stag, which was devoted to him, because he had saved it from hunters.
Notes
Sources
Thompson, E.A. The Goths in Spain. Clarendon Press: Oxford, 1969.
Iberian Fathers. Writings of Braulio of Saragossa, Fructuosus of Braga, translated by Claude W. Barlow Catholic University of America Press (1969).
7th-century births
665 deaths
7th-century bishops in the Visigothic Kingdom
Portuguese Roman Catholic saints
Roman Catholic archbishops of Braga
7th-century Christian saints
7th-century Latin writers
Latin letter writers
Ioane Berai () was a Georgian calligrapher of the 10th century.
He was brought up and raised in the Shatberdi monastery. His uncle was the Georgian calligrapher Mikael Modrekili. His works were mainly written in Asomtavruli and Nuskhuri Georgian scripts.
References
Calligraphers from Georgia (country)
10th-century people from Georgia (country)
"Vanishing Point" is the 36th episode (production #210) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the tenth of the second season, and it aired in November 2002. Hoshi is on an away mission which requires teleportation for evacuation. Hoshi is the communications officer aboard the starship NX-01 Enterprise, on this television show set in the 22nd century of the Star Trek science fiction universe.
The episode explores one the classic staples of the Star Trek universe, a transporter-gone-wrong theme. Ensign Hoshi Sato passes through the transporter and finds that she is slowly disappearing. At the same time, she is the only person who can see aliens planting explosives in key ship systems, with no way to warn the crew.
The episode first aired on UPN November 27, November 2002. It had a Nielsen rating of 2.5/4 and an audience of 3.78 million viewers.
Plot
Ensign Sato and Commander Tucker are on an away mission, taking pictures and gathering data and samples from an ancient set of ruins. Their mission is cut short, however, when a diamagnetic storm approaches, but before they can make it back to the shuttlepod they are forced to use the transporter instead. Sato is reluctant to use it, so Tucker goes back first. After the incident, aboard Enterprise, Sato feels that things are not right, particularly being the first time she used a transporter. After a visit to Doctor Phlox, she goes to sleep, hoping to feel better in the morning.
She is wakened by an emergency call from the bridge having apparently overslept by three hours. On the bridge, Captain Archer informs her that Tucker and Ensign Mayweather have been taken hostage on the planet while retrieving the shuttlepod. Sato is unable to help, failing to understand the "simple bi-modal syntax" of the aliens. She is ordered to return to her quarters, where she sees her reflection in the mirror fade away and water passing through her hands when she takes a shower. Phlox still cannot find anything wrong, attributing Sato's experience to transporter anxiety. But only a little while later, she completely dematerializes.
The crew begin to search for her, and she observes Phlox and Tucker scanning the ship for her cellular residue. She watches Archer speak with her father to inform him of her "death". In her wanderings, she hears and later encounters two strange aliens who are planting and arming suspicious devices throughout the ship. She attempts to disrupt a circuit in Capt. Archer's cabin, in the hopes an S.O.S. Morse code flashing signal will alert Archer's notice. T'Pol dismisses it as a malfunction and suggests Archer needs rest after the difficult day they've all had (due to Hoshi's passing.) Unable to warn anyone, she endeavors to interrupt the explosive devices, reaching in and switching them off as they're activated, unseen by the treacherous reptilian aliens. This eventually leads her onto the escaping aliens' transporting device, only to rematerialize in the Enterprise transporter room. She is disoriented, and concerned about the aliens, warning that the ship is about to be blown up, but Lieutenant Reed explains to her that she has been trapped for only 8.3 seconds in the pattern buffer because of the storm and that her recent experiences could only have been her own mind's anxiety hallucinations; in effect, a dream.
Background
Transporter accidents have been a staple of the Star Trek universe since the 1960s TV shows (see "Mirror, Mirror" (1967)) and some famous examples are the transporter accident in Star Trek:The Motion Picture (1979) and the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode which makes a copy of Riker. This episode explores what happens to consciousness during a period in which the person does not have a body. Some have compared transporters to general anesthesia in modern society.
Production
The episode was written by Rick Berman and Brannon Braga, and directed by David Straiton. Straiton also directed "Desert Crossing" in season one and "A Night in Sickbay" earlier in season two.
Production began Wednesday, October 2, 2002. The Fox 11 KTTV show Good Day Live visited the set and interviewed the cast. The episode was filmed in non-chronological order, scenes in Transporter Alcove that would include green-screen optical effects were filmed first, with the "vanishing" effect to be added in post production. Existing standing sets of the ship interiors were reused, including the ship's gym, a set that seen for the first time in "A Night in Sickbay". Park and Trinneer filmed the scenes in the Alien Ruins on Tuesday.
Wednesday, October 9, was a special day, Scott Bakula was welcomed with a red-carpet to celebrate his birthday, and his trailer was draped with streamers and banners. Production personnel wore black baseball caps with the word "CAPTAIN" on it to mark the occasion.
Guest star Keone Young who plays Hoshi's father, previously portrayed baseball legend Buck Bokai in the Deep Space Nine episode "If Wishes Were Horses". Morgan Margolis, who plays Crewman Baird, who temporarily replaces Hoshi, previously appeared as an alien in the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Living Witness".
Reception
"Vanishing Point" first aired on UPN November 27, November 2002, the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. According to Nielsen it had a rating of 2.5 and a share of 4, meaning 2.5 percent of households in America with TV sets saw the episode, and 4% of households watching television at the time were watching the show. The episode was watched by an audience of 3.78 million viewers, a new low for the series.
Jamahl Epsicokhan of Jammer's Reviews gave it 3.5 out of 4, and called it "Creepy and psychologically compelling, with enough carefully navigated plot manipulations to keep you guessing." Aint It Cools News gave the episode 3 out of 5, and praised Linda Park, "who's in every scene and always manages to bring a realistic vulnerability too rare to Star Trek. The producers decided to hire only two female regulars this year, but they sure hired the right two." They thought some viewers would hate the ending and the resemblance to the episode "The Next Phase". Michelle Erica Green of TrekNation found the ending too predictable, and felt there was not enough plot for a main storyline. She thought "Linda Park does a nice job with the material she's given" but wished the alien relics could have somehow been made relevant to Sato's disappearance, but concludes that ultimately "It's all a big tease". Green also wondered if the episode was deliberately dumped in the pre-Thanksgiving timeslot when ratings were inevitably going to be terrible.
In 2021, The Digital Fix compared this to the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "The Next Phase", which also explored the results of a transporter accident, and complained about the lack of originality "these stories have been done before. And better."
In his 2022 rewatch, Keith DeCandido of Tor.com gave it 2 out of 10.
In 2020, Den of Geek ranked this episode the 12th scariest episode of all Star Trek series.
"Star Trek The Complete Manual" published by SciFiNow magazine listed it as the fourth worst episode of the whole series.
Home media release
"Vanishing Point" was released for home media use on DVD as part of the season two DVD box set, released in the United States on July 26, 2005. Season Two was released on Blu-ray Disc August 20, 2013.
The episode was also published as a single episode on the pay-to-play streaming service CBS All Access in the 2010s.
See also
Second Chances (Star Trek: The Next Generation) (Transporter accident)
The Next Phase (Transporter incident)
References
External links
Star Trek: Enterprise (season 2) episodes
2002 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by David Straiton
Television episodes written by Rick Berman
Television episodes written by Brannon Braga
The 1935–36 Palestine League was the fourth season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine. It began on 7 December 1935 and ended on 18 December 1936. The defending champions were Hapoel Tel Aviv.
Due to the 1936–1939 Arab revolt only six teams took part in the league, and the league schedule was inconsistent. The championship was won by Maccabi Tel Aviv.
League table
References
RSSSF
100 Years of Football 1906-2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1935–36 in Mandatory Palestine football
Puning Temple (), may refer to:
Puning Temple (Hebei), in Chengde, Hebei, China.
Puning Temple (Jiangxi), in Yushan County, Jiangxi, China.
Buddhist temple disambiguation pages
Jancy James was the first Vice Chancellor of Central University of Kerala situated near Kasaragod in the Kerala State of India. She was born in Vaikam and was also a member of UPSC civil service interview board.
Earlier she was the Vice Chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University in Kerala. She was also the first woman to become the Vice Chancellor of a university in Kerala when she was appointed to Mahatma Gandhi University.
References
External links
Official website of Central University of Kerala
Living people
Womanists
20th-century Indian educational theorists
St. Teresa's College alumni
University of Kerala faculty
People from Kasaragod district
Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala faculty
Indian women educational theorists
Educators from Kerala
Women educators from Kerala
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century women educators
20th-century Indian women
My Sri Lanka with Peter Kuruvita is a 10-part Australian cooking television series created by The Precinct Studios that originally aired on SBS One on 3 November 2011 until 5 January 2012. It is presented by Australian born Sri Lankan chef Peter Kuruvita.
Description
The series was shot on various locations including some most popular tourists destinations like Kandy, Sigiriya etc. around Sri Lanka. For each episode he prepares a dish unique to the visited area. The program originally aired on SBS from 2011 November.
Episodes
Awards
Finalist 2012 Banff Rockies Program Competition Lifestyle & Information Programs.
Nominee 2012 Logie Award Most Popular New Male Talent.
See also
Peter Kuruvita
References
External links
EPISODES
TRY SOME RECIPES
Special Broadcasting Service original programming
Australian cooking television series
2011 Australian television series debuts
2012 Australian television series endings
"Bloody Mary" is the fourteenth episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park. The 139th overall episode of the series, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on December 7, 2005. In the episode, Randy drives drunk and loses his driver's license. He is then ordered to attend Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, where he becomes convinced that his alcoholism is a potentially fatal disease. Meanwhile, a statue of the Virgin Mary starts bleeding "out its ass" and Randy believes that he can be "cured" if it bleeds on him.
Plot
Stan, Cartman, Kyle and Ike attend karate class while Stan's dad Randy goes for a couple of drinks. In the class, the instructor admonishes Cartman for his lack of discipline ("rack" of "disiprin"), and tells the class that true discipline comes from within.
After class, an inebriated Randy drives the boys home, but he gets pulled over and arrested for drunk driving. Randy gets his license revoked and is ordered to perform community service and to attend Alcoholics Anonymous, where he's introduced to the twelve-step program, which leads him to believe he is powerless to control his drinking and that alcoholism is a disease. Randy, whom Stan describes as a "hypochondriac", then begins to drink more, since he has decided that he is in fact powerless to control it and cannot stop. Meanwhile, a statue of the Virgin Mary starts to bleed "out its ass" and people begin to flock around it to find a cure for their diseases. Randy believes it can cure his disease.
Randy has Stan drive him to the church where the statue is, and after cutting in line, arguing that his "disease" is worse than that of others, he is drenched in the holy blood. He jumps up and declares that he will not drink any more, and abstains from alcohol for five days.
Pope Benedict XVI comes to investigate, and discovers that the blood is not actually coming from the statue's anus, but from its vagina. Since "chicks bleed out their vaginas all the time", this is no miracle. Randy, disappointed, realizes that God did not "heal" him. At first he again declares himself powerless, and most of the other recovering alcoholics agree and rush to the bar. But Stan follows Randy and convinces him that if God did not help him, then he must have managed to stop by himself.
Randy declares that he will never drink again. Stan objects to this too, claiming that if Randy completely avoids drinking, then drinking is still controlling his life and he needs to figure out how to live in moderation. Randy puts Stan on his shoulders and walks off into the sunset while the two discuss how much drinking would be proper.
Production
Trey Parker and Matt Stone reveal on the DVD commentary for this episode that they had wanted to do an episode involving Alcoholics Anonymous meetings for "a long time", but could never get it right.
The bleeding statue idea came from Anne Garefino, a producer on the show, and was inspired by the real life phenomenon of "weeping statues", unusual occurrences where statues would unexplainably "bleed" some sort of liquid via supernatural means, usually from the eyes. The crew were discussing the idea of having this happen in an episode but felt it needed to be something more outlandish than the eyes. Garefino then came up with the idea of having the statue "shit blood all over the pope's face". Parker and Stone loved the twist, even if it meant the episode would likely draw far more controversy than normal.
The scene in which Randy gets arrested for drunk driving is based on a near identical experience that Parker had with his father when he was nine years-old.
Controversy
The episode was aired on December 7, 2005, which is the eve of the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, a Catholic observance related specifically to the Virgin Mary. "Bloody Mary" was considered a very controversial episode, even by South Park standards.
In the United States
The Catholic League demanded an apology and that the episode "be permanently retired and not be made available on DVD" and that Joseph A. Califano, Jr., a board member of Viacom (the parent company of Comedy Central) and a practicing Catholic, issue a personal statement. Califano did later release a statement calling the episode an "appalling and disgusting portrayal of the Virgin Mary", and pledged to have it reviewed by Viacom's president and CEO, Tom Freston. Bishop William Skylstad, president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, sent a letter to Freston saying the network showed "extreme insensitivity" when it aired the episode. When Comedy Central re-aired all episodes of Season 9 on December 28, 2005, "Bloody Mary" was absent from the broadcast. Comedy Central responded to e-mail inquiries about the fate of the episode with the assurance that "Bloody Mary" has not been retired and would not be pulled from the DVD release. Screen captures from the episode on Comedy Central's press site and the South Park section of comedycentral.com are absent.
On March 14, 2006, Rob Corddry, reporting on Comedy Central's own The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, said:
Christianity has evolved and matured. No longer do they stone people to death for blasphemy. Now they write a lot of letters to advertisers. Even a secular, atheistic, morally bankrupt entity like Comedy Central can be affected. Just ask Matt Stone and Trey Parker, creators of South Park, whose recent episode entitled "Bloody Mary" was pulled after a single airing. Now obviously [we at] Comedy Central can't show you that offensive material.
The South Park clips shown while Corddry spoke included several scenes of seemingly offensive material (fornicating cats, a man vomiting and then falling in his own vomit, Butters viewing a man being sodomized, etc.) but there was nothing from the "Bloody Mary" episode.
Like the "Trapped in the Closet" episode, "Bloody Mary" did return to the air, appearing on August 2, 2006.
In New Zealand
In February 2006, leaders from the New Zealand Catholic Bishops' Conference, the Council of Christians and Muslims, and other religious groups together lobbied media conglomerate CanWest to stop a planned airing of the episode in New Zealand on the music channel C4. The network rejected the plea and said the episode would air as planned. Leading Catholic bishops then called for a boycott of C4 and its sister network TV3. CanWest again resisted and aired the episode sooner than planned to take advantage of the media attention. New Zealand's Prime Minister Helen Clark issued a statement saying the episode sounded "revolting", but that the network was free to air it. One advertiser withdrew their ads from CanWest's networks. Catholic group Family Life International set up a website for boycotting CanWest's other advertisers. Another company named C4 Productions, which has no links to the C4 music channel, applied for a court order on the eve of the airing to stop the episode, citing damage to its business because it thought people would link it to the channel. The judge ruled against the order. C4 aired the episode on February 22, 2006 and drew 210,000 viewers, six times South Park's normal audience for the channel. After receiving 102 formal complaints from viewers, the network issued a statement a month later saying "C4 acknowledges the strength of feeling in relation to the programme, and we sincerely apologize for any offence taken."
In June 2006 complaints received by New Zealand's Broadcasting Standards Authority (BSA) were rejected: The airing of the show was found to not be in breach of broadcasting standards. According to the BSA, "[b]ut showing disrespect does not amount to the sort of vicious or vitriolic attack normally associated with the denigration standard." They also said the episode was "of such a farcical, absurd and unrealistic nature that it did not breach standards of good taste and decency in the context in which it was offered." New Zealand Catholic bishops have decided to appeal the decision.
In Australia
In February 2006, Archbishop Denis Hart in Melbourne, Australia wrote to television network SBS asking them not to air the episode. The network's programming director originally rejected the request, but later decided to postpone the episode citing the controversy over the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons. The episode was, however, shown on The Comedy Channel, on August 30, 2006.
References
External links
"Bloody Mary" Full episode at South Park Studios
First discovery of episode being pulled
Christianity in popular culture controversies
Cultural depictions of Pope Benedict XVI
Television episodes about driving under the influence
Hypochondriasis in fiction
Television episodes about Catholicism
South Park (season 9) episodes
Animation controversies in television
Religious controversies in animation
Religious controversies in television
Television episodes pulled from general rotation
Waldron-Haslam is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam recorded in 1994 and released on the English Slam label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy states: "The two musicians are fully in sync, aside from the few times, particularly on the improvised pieces, where there is a tendency to ramble. Haslam boasts a singularly attractive, thin tone that balances the pianist's dense styling. The commanding improvisations by both Haslam and Waldron straddle the boundaries of free and post-bop jazz in a compellingly charming way."
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron and George Haslam except as indicated
"I Got It Bad (and That Ain't Good)" (Duke Ellington, Paul Francis Webster) — 8:16
"If I Were a Bell" (Frank Loesser) — 8:08
"Catch as Catch Should" — 7:09
"Somewhere" (Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim) — 5:41
"Variations on Brahms 3, Mvt.3" (Johannes Brahms, Mal Waldron) — 4:49
"A Time for Duke" (Waldron) — 7:04
"The Vortex" (George Haslam) — 8:45
"Motion in Order" — 18:47
Recorded in Cambridgeshire, England on February 24, 1994
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
George Haslam — baritone saxophone
References
1994 albums
Mal Waldron albums
George Haslam albums
K. A. Francis is a Malayali painter and the Chairman of Kerala Lalitakala Academy (2011 -).
Life
He works as the editor of Malayala Manorama Weekly, the largest circulated weekly in India. Francis won several awards including Kerala Lalithkala Academy award for best landscape painting and National Award for newspaper layout and design.
External links
References
Malayali people
20th-century Indian painters
Painters from Kerala
Artists from Kottayam
Living people
Indian male painters
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian male artists
Michael Jamon Pagan (born January 12, 1985) is an American actor and screenwriter.
Biography
Pagan attended Long Beach Polytechnic High School, Verbum Dei High School in Los Angeles and West Los Angeles College. He has received training at the Tasha Smith Acting Studio and the Ivanna Chubbuck Studio. He was nominated in 1999 for an NAACP Image Award as "Outstanding Youth Actor" for his role in How Stella Got Her Groove Back. He also starred in a commercial for Wal-Mart and made a guest appearance on the TV show One on One.
Filmography
Fallen (1998)
How Stella Got Her Groove Back (1998)
Rusty: A Dog's Tale (1998)
Killers in the House (TV) (2000)
Up, Up, and Away (TV) (2000)
The Gospel (2005)
See No Evil (2006)
Gridiron Gang (2006)
House of Fears (2007)
The Hustle (2008)
Forever Strong (2008)
Nite Tales: The Movie (2008)
Chain Letter (2009)
Diary of a Champion (2009)
Mississippi Damned (2009)
See No Evil 2 (2014)
Tales (2021)
External links
American male screenwriters
Living people
1985 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
African-American male actors
American male actors
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Roscrea brooch is a 9th-century Celtic brooch of the pseudo-penannular type, found at or near Roscrea, County Tipperary, Ireland, before 1829. It is made from cast silver, and decorated with zoomorphic patterns of open-jawed animals and gilded gold filigree, and is 9.5 cm in height and 8.3 cm wide. The silver is of an unusually high quality for Irish metalwork of the period, indicating that its craftsmen were both trading materials with settled Vikings, who had first, traumatically, invaded the island in the preceding century, and had absorbed elements of the Scandinavian's imagery and metalwork techniques.
It was rediscovered in the 1820s and was in the possession of the artist and antiquarian George Petrie in 1850, until acquired in 1867 by the Royal Irish Academy, Dublin, following his death the previous year. Although not considered as innovative and significant as near contemporary examples, such as the Tara Brooch, it is formed from unusually high quality material, including first grade silver and its linings of amber, which was very difficult to source in Ireland at the time.
Replicas of the brooch became popular from the mid-19th century Celtic Revival, some of which are of a high quality. Despite the loss of some of its bosses, is in overall good condition, and is today in the collection of the National Museum of Ireland, Dublin.
Dating
The brooch is variously dated as from the early (Mitchell) to late (O'Toole/NMI) 9th century. Writing in 1983, historian Micheal Ryan gave a probable dating of the mid to late-9th century, and Henderson notes that its zoomorphic iconography has parallels with Scottish designs of that period.
The brooch, and the 8th century Book of Dimma found at Roscrea Abbey, and Stowe Missal from the nearby village of Lorrha, indicate the relative prosperity of the town during the period. In 1993, the historian Orna Somerville noted how, by the 8th century, brooch rings such as the current example and those found in the Hill of Tara and at Killamery, "had ceased to be functional and was primarily a vehicle for elaborate decoration".
Description
The brooch is of the pseudo-penannular type (i.e. the ring is fully closed, but has two separately defined terminals). It weighs 122.85 grams, and is 9.5 cm high and 8.3 cm wide, and is made from cast silver, amber and gold. The brooch has an overall lozenge shape, with a large flat triangular head and crest of rounded compartments decorated with gold filigree. The 8 cm long pin emerges through the mouth of a basal animal, and is attached to both the front and back sides of the plate. The pinhead contains pairs of concentric relief rings decorated with filigree. Both the pinhead and plate are decorated with rows of dots. The three main panels are also decorated with filigree, The outer edges of the terminals contain a pair of animals separated by an amber stud on the terminal's outer edges. Their bodies are co-joined from the area around their tails, a motif also found in a brooch found in Derryloughan, County Tyrone and in the 8th- or 9th-century Derrynaflan Chalice.
Its depictions of animals are of both the Tara (c. 710–750 AD) type strap-like (flat) and Killamery Brooch (9th century) tube-like body (rounded) forms, and is thus considered to be a transitional work between these two periods. The animals are in places open-jawed, and generally are positioned in rectangular panels and given rounded, ribbon-like bodies.
Only three of the seven large hemispherical amber bosses (raised circular ornamental studs) are intact; one been lost and three are badly damaged. It originally had twenty-four in-filled D-shaped panels, of which, according to historian Niamh Whitfield: "eleven were D-shaped amber studs alternating with filigree, except at the top of the pinhead, where all four D-shaped panels contained filigree. Of these D-shaped amber studs, however, a fragment of just one survives at the edge of the right terminal."
Although its design is not as refined or sophisticated as other contemporary Irish brooches, and has been described "crude" compared to the similar Tara Brooch, the Roscrea Brooch is highly ornate and its material is of a very high quality. In 2013 it was described by writer Fintan O'Toole as "distinctively Irish" when he selected it for his book A History of Ireland in 100 Objects, co-published by the Irish Times and Royal Irish Academy. O'Toole wrote that the object's "abstract patterns and elongated animals are typical of basic forms of Irish visual art" and that "there is as much continuity here as there is innovation."
The influence of contact with recent Viking invaders is evident in two ways, most notably from its composition from high quality silver, which would have been near impossible to source locally. In addition, amber could only be sourced from Scandinavia or the Baltic region, and is rarely found in Irish metalwork before the 9th century. Both these facts indicate that its workmen were able to trade with the invading Norsemen. In addition, a number of large bosses contain Viking-influenced designs, including of kite shaped brooches and depictions of thistles.
Find-spot and provenance
It was in the possession of the artist, antiquarian and artifact dealer George Petrie by 1850. A number of recent historians, including Stephen Briggs, doubt Petrie's claim that the find-spot was in Roscrea town, and view Petrie's claim as motivated towards increasing the objects market value. According to Briggs, Petrie had profited from selling copies of the brooch during the 1850s Celtic Revival boom that saw high demand for Irish ornaments. Briggs claimed that Petrie was "unfussy about his acquisitions' provenances and that during the 1850s he appeared willing to invent an appropriate find-spot for his brooch, probably to help market its replicas", although he clarifies that Petrie was a "meticulous scholar whose abilities and research practices are not here in question". Most historians do however believe it was at least found in a location not far outside Roscrea, although Briggs speculates that it is the same brooch mentioned in an 1829 newspaper article which mentions a similarly described brooch recently discovered alongside a hoard of coins in Rathkeale, located some 100 km from Roscrea.
It was acquired in 1867 by the Royal Irish Academy, Dublin, as part of a larger purchase of Petrie's entire collection, following his death the previous year. It is today on permanent display in the Treasury room of the National Museum of Ireland in Dublin.
References
Citations
Sources
Bourke, Cormac. "A Crozier and Bell from Inishmurray and Their Place in Ninth-Century Irish Archaeology". Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy: Archaeology, Culture, History, Literature, volume 85C, 1985.
Briggs, Stephen. "The Roscrea Brooch Re-Provenanced?". Ulster Journal of Archaeology, volume 74, 2017.
Graham-Campbell, James. "Two Groups of Ninth-Century Irish Brooches". The Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland, volume 102, no. 2 1972.
Henderson, George; Henderson, Isabel. The Art of the Picts, Sculpture and Metalwork in Early Medieval Scotland. London: Thames & Hudson, 2004.
Kelly, Eamonn. "A Prehistoric Amber Find from Ballylin, Co. Offaly". Journal of the Roscrea Heritage Society, no. 2, 1983–84
McCrum, Elizabeth. "Irish Victorian Jewellery". Irish Arts Review (1984-1987), nolume 2, no. 1, Spring, 1985.
Mitchell, Frank (ed.). Treasures of Early Irish Art, 1500 B.C. to 1500 A.D. NY: Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2013.
Moss, Rachel. Medieval c. 400—c. 1600: Art and Architecture of Ireland. Yale University Press, 2014.
Ó Floinn, Raghnall. Treasures of the National Museum of Ireland: Irish Antiquities. Dublin: Gill & Macmillan, 2002
O'Toole, Fintan. A History of Ireland in 100 Objects. Dublin: Royal Irish Academy, 2013.
Ryan, Micheal. Ireland and Insular Art, A.D.500-1200: Conference Proceedings. Dublin: Royal Irish Academy, 1987.
Ryan, Micheal. Treasures of Ireland: Irish Art, 3000 B.C.-1500 A.D.. Dublin: Royal Irish Academy, 1983.
Somerville, Orna. "Kite-Shaped Brooches". Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland, volume 123, 1993.
Stout, Matthew. "Ringforts in the South-West Midlands of Ireland". Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy: Archaeology, Culture, History, Literature, volume 91C, 1991.
Whitfield, Niamh. "Celtic Filigree from the Seventh to the Ninth Century AD with Particular Reference to that on Brooches", volume 3 (Three volume PHD thesis, quoted in Briggs, 2017). University of London, 1990
Young, Susan (ed). The Work of Angels: Masterpieces of Celtic Metalwork, 6th–9th centuries AD. London: British Museum Press, 1989.
Celtic brooches
Collection of the National Museum of Ireland
History of County Tipperary
Medieval European metalwork objects
Silver-gilt objects
Heaton Park Hebrew Congregation is a large Ashkenazi Orthodox synagogue located in North Manchester, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1935, and in 2010 had between 500 and 749 members. Under the aegis of the Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom, Reverend Leslie Olsberg MBE led the congregation for 35 years until his death in 2008. Rabbi Daniel Walker succeeded him, and currently heads the congregation. Yehuda Marx is the hazzan.
History
The Heaton Park Hebrew Congregation was formally founded in 1935. By 1999, it had a membership of 550. Reverend Leslie Olsberg retired from his position in 2008, aged 86, after 35 years' service.
The congregation is housed in a 1967 red brick postwar building on Middleton Road, Crumpsall. Architectural historian Carol Herselle Krinsky describes it, unadmiringly, as having a "central block with projecting wings" and "a disproportionately large glass entrance wall." According to architectural historian Sharman Kadish, the building is one of three Manchester area synagogues modelled on the 1934 building of Manchester's Holy Law Synagogue with its tripartite facade in a "pleasing international style." The other two are the Manchester Reform Synagogue Jackson's Row, and the Prestwich Hebrew Congregation.
On 22 April 2000 and again on 15 September 2002 antisemitic remarks were shouted at the synagogue. Synagogue security cameras captured a murder on film in 2008, when violinist Michael Kahan was stabbed to death outside a Kosher bakery near the synagogue building by a mentally ill assailant.
References
External links
Link to image
Jewish Gen page
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in England
Synagogues in Manchester
Orthodox synagogues in England
Religious buildings and structures in Greater Manchester
Jewish organizations established in 1935
1935 establishments in England
Synagogues completed in 1967
1967 establishments in England
Jew Suss: Rise and Fall (German title: Jud Süss – Film ohne Gewissen) is a 2010 German historical drama film directed by Oskar Roehler, dramatising the creative process behind the antisemitic Nazi propaganda film Jud Süß (1940). It was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
In Germany, the film premiered at the Berlin Film Festival and, mainly because of the controversial subject matter, received mixed reviews. Nevertheless, the German critics lauded the actor Tobias Moretti in his role as Ferdinand Marian. In 2011, cinematographer Carl-Friedrich Koschnick received the Austrian Romy award for cinematography.
Plot
When Ferdinand Marian's career is on the rise at the end of the 1930s, the Austrian actor is personally selected by the Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels for the title role in the feature film Jud Süß. Marian at first rejects the offer, but then succumbs to the temptation of a recognizing career. Whilst filming under director Veit Harlan, Marian begins to change, which leads to an argument with his Jewish wife, Anna. Jud Süß premieres at the Venice Film Festival at the beginning of September 1940 and opens in German cinemas a few days later. There, the anti-Semitic propaganda film reaches an audience of millions, and from then on Marian is identified as the role of the threatening-looking Jewish tax officer, Joseph Süß Oppenheimer, and he receives many deals to act in other films.
Now part of the German Reich, Marian gets to know the threat behind the National Socialists, which drove many of his professional colleagues into exile. The Jewish actor Wilhelm Adolf Deutscher, hidden in Marian's garden house and disguised as a gardener, is betrayed to his friend Lutz by the domestic servant Britta, with whom Marian apparently had an affair. Marian then takes solace drinking alcohol and cheats on his wife with a Czech woman named Vlasta. Joseph Goebbels deports Anna in order to gain control over Marian, but this causes an opposite effect.
As the Nazi regime falls at the end of the Second World War, Marian is not allowed to resume acting because of his involvement in Jud-Süß and the Nazis. At the same time, he has to watch many of his professional colleagues go into hiding and is confronted by the American military. Jud-Süß director Veit Harlan insists that he was forced to make the film. Marian then encounters his friend Wilhelm, who survived a Nazi concentration camp. He informs Marian about his wife's death. Then he discovers that Vlasta is having an affair with a U.S. soldier, leading to a mental breakdown and driving his car off the road, resulting in his death.
Cast
Tobias Moretti as Ferdinand Marian
Moritz Bleibtreu as Joseph Goebbels
Martina Gedeck as Anna Marian
Justus von Dohnányi as Veit Harlan
Heribert Sasse as Wilhelm Adolf Deutscher
Martin Feifel as Knauf
Anna Unterberger as Britta
Milan Peschel as Werner Krauss
Armin Rohde as Heinrich George
Paula Kalenberg as Kristina Söderbaum
Erika Marozsán as Vlasta
as Fritz Hippler
Robert Stadlober as Lutz
Martin Butzke as Malte Jäger
Rolf Zacher as Erich Engel
Waldemar Kobus as Eberhard Frowein
Lena Reichmuth as Magda Goebbels
Johannes Silberschneider as Hans Moser
References
External links
2010 films
2010 drama films
2010s historical drama films
Films set in the 1940s
Films about films
Films about actors
Films about Nazi Germany
Films set in Berlin
Films set in 1939
Films set in 1940
Films directed by Oskar Roehler
Films scored by Martin Todsharow
Films shot in Cologne
German historical drama films
2010s German-language films
Cultural depictions of Joseph Goebbels
Biographical films about actors
2010s German films
Petrus Torkilsson (lat. Petrus Tyrgilli) was Bishop of Linköping, 1342–1351 and Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden, 1351–1366.
It is unknown when he was born, but the first mentioning of him is from 1320, when he was vicar in Färentuna. He was chancellor of the King Magnus Eriksson in 1340 and continued to support him during the civil wars in the 1360s.
References
Nordisk Familjelexikon, article Petrus In Swedish
1366 deaths
14th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Sweden
Roman Catholic archbishops of Uppsala
Bishops of Linköping
Year of birth unknown
The Floyd S. Chalmers Canadian Play Award was a Canadian literary award given to Canadian plays produced by any professional Canadian theatre company, and having performances in the Toronto area.
The prize had a monetary value of $25,000, and was named for benefactor Floyd Chalmers, an editor and publisher.
From the award's inception until 1980, one play was named the winner of the award, except for a tie in 1977. In 1980, the award began honouring multiple plays. That year, five winners were named. Since then, four plays normally won the award each year. In 1983, a youth theatre prize was added alongside the general theatre category.
The award was one of several arts awards created by the Chalmers family of Toronto. In 2001 the award was presented for the final time, and in 2002 the Chalmers family endowed an Ontario Arts Council fund for two arts grant programs.
Winners
References
Awards established in 1973
1973 establishments in Ontario
Awards disestablished in 2001
2001 disestablishments in Ontario
Canadian dramatist and playwright awards
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1987 season.
Overview
Ministry of Health won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
The Willis House is a historic home located at Manchester Township, York County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1762, and is a -story, banked brick dwelling with a partly exposed basement. It measures long by wide and has a steeply pitched gable roof. The interior is laid out in a variation of a Georgian center hall plan.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The builder William Willis (1726–1801), a Quaker, received 480 acres from Thomas Penn and Richard Penn in 1752. His grandfather John Willis was born in 1668 in Great Britain. In 1675, the family migrated to Westbury, Long Island, New York. His son Samuel Willis (1778–1848) is frequently mentioned in local histories as "kindly Friend Willis" and was a ringleader of the Underground Railroad.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Pennsylvania
References
External links
Historic York website
Willis House, 190 Willis Road, York, York County, PA: 4 photos, 6 data pages, and 1 photo caption page at Historic American Buildings Survey
Historic American Buildings Survey in Pennsylvania
Houses completed in 1762
Houses in York County, Pennsylvania
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in York County, Pennsylvania
Jean Glavany (born 14 May 1949 in Sceaux, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French politician, member of the Socialist Party (PS) and former Minister.
From 1981 to 1988, he was head of cabinet of President François Mitterrand (PS). He was then Minister of Agriculture (1998–2002) in the Plural Left government of Lionel Jospin. Among other actions, he prohibited the Gaucho pesticide, alleged of being related to observations concerning the sudden decrease in bee population.
Jean Glavany was elected deputy of Hautes-Pyrénées in 2002, and re-elected in 2007. He sits in the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group in the National Assembly. Glavany is also president of the Community of Agglomeration of Tarbes.
Political career
Governmental functions
Secretary of State for Technical Education : 1992–1993
Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries : 1998–2002
Electoral mandates
Member of the National Assembly of France for Hautes-Pyrénées : 1993–1998 (Became minister in 1998) / And since 2002
Mayor of Maubourguet : 1989–2001
Municipal councillor of Aureilhan, Hautes-Pyrénées : 2001–2008
Municipal councillor of Tarbes : Since 2008
President of the Agglomeration community of the Grand Tarbes : 2001–2008
Vice-president of the General council of Hautes-Pyrénées : 1992–2002
Regional councillor of Midi-Pyrénées : 1992–1993
Sources
1949 births
Living people
People from Sceaux, Hauts-de-Seine
Socialist Party (France) politicians
French Ministers of Agriculture
Deputies of the 12th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 13th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 14th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Rollen Edward Houser is a Thomistic philosopher and professor emeritus at the University of St. Thomas in Houston, Texas.
Biography
Raised in Texas, Hauser earned a liberal arts degree from the University of Texas at Austin in 1968. He was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. After graduation, he served in the US military until 1970, including a deployment to Vietnam. In 1970, Hauser entered the Pontifical Institute of Mediaeval Studies at the University of Toronto, earning an M.A. in 1973, a licentiate in 1976, and a Ph.D. in 1981.
Houser taught at Niagara University from 1976 to 1987 before taking a post at the University of St. Thomas in Houston, Texas. He retired in 2018, and in 2019 he was awarded the Aquinas Medal from the American Catholic Philosophical Association. In view of the award, Archbishop J. Michael Miller said, "Dr. Ed Houser has made an outstanding contribution to scholarship on St Thomas."
Hauser is married to Mary Catherine Sommers, also a faculty member at the University of St. Thomas. They have four children.
Selected works
The Cardinal Virtues: Aquinas, Albert, Philip the Chancellor (Pontifical Institute of Mediaeval Studies, 2004)
Logic as a Liberal Art: An Introduction to Rhetoric and Reasoning (The Catholic University of America Press, 2020)
References
Living people
University of Texas at Austin alumni
University of Toronto alumni
20th-century American philosophers
21st-century American philosophers
Writers from Texas
Year of birth missing (living people)
American military personnel of the Vietnam War
Ralph Landrum (born August 16, 1957) is an American professional golfer.
Landrum was born in Covington, Kentucky. He played college golf at the University of Kentucky. He turned professional in 1979. His sons, Kyle and Joe, played college golf at Murray State in Kentucky.
Landrum played on the PGA Tour from 1983 to 1985. His best finish was a T-2 at the 1984 Danny Thomas Memphis Classic. His best finish in a major was a T-8 at the 1983 U.S. Open. Since his touring career, Landrum founded Landrum Golf Management and continues to work as a PGA Master professional. As of 2019, Golf Digest lists Landrum as a top golf instructor in the state of Kentucky.
Professional wins
1986 Kentucky PGA Championship
1987 Kentucky Open, Kentucky PGA Championship, Kentucky PGA Match Play Championship
1988 Kentucky PGA Match Play Championship
Results in major championships
Note: Landrum never played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
References
External links
Profile at PGA of America
American male golfers
Kentucky Wildcats men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Kentucky
Sportspeople from Covington, Kentucky
1957 births
Living people
These are the late night schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1981. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
PBS is not included, as member television stations have local flexibility over most of their schedules and broadcast times for network shows may vary, CBS and ABC are not included on the weekend schedules (as the networks do not offer late night programs of any kind on weekends).
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.
Monday-Friday
Saturday
Sunday
By network
ABC
Returning Series
ABC Late Night
Fridays
Nightline
CBS
Returning Series
The CBS Late Movie
NBC
Returning Series
NBC Late Night Movie
Saturday Night Live
SCTV Network 90
Tomorrow Coast to Coast
The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson
New Series
NBC News Overnight
Late Night with David Letterman
Not Returning From 1980-81
The Midnight Special
United States late night network television schedules
1981 in American television
1982 in American television
The Devil Makes Three is an Americana band from Santa Cruz, California, United States. The group blends bluegrass, old time, country, folk, blues, jazz, and ragtime music. The group's members are guitarist Pete Bernhard, upright bassist Lucia Turino, and guitarist and tenor banjo player Cooper McBean.
Career
The band has released six full-length albums. They independently released a self-titled album in 2002. Another independent release followed in 2004, Longjohns, Boots, And A Belt. The band recorded two shows in April 2006 in Felton, California with guest fiddler Chojo Jacques. The recordings were later released as a live album, A Little Bit Faster And A Little Bit Worse.
After the release of their live album, the band signed with independent label Milan Records, which specializes in film scores and soundtracks. Their first album on Milan was a re-release of their debut album, The Devil Makes Three. In 2009, they followed with an all-new album, Do Wrong Right.
Band member Bernhard independently released a solo album, Things I Left Behind (2006). In September 2009 Bernhard released his next solo album, Straight Line, on Milan Records.
McBean and Bernhard are originally from near Brattleboro, Vermont, where they played music together as childhood friends and when they were in high school. They were also acquainted with Turino (from New Hampshire but raised in Vermont), but didn't know her well. After graduating from high school, all three moved to California separately, Bernhard by way of Nashville. Bernhard and McBean re-connected in Olympia. Later in Santa Cruz they also became reacquainted with Turino, forming the band soon after in 2001. Before forming The Devil Makes Three with Turino, both Bernhard and McBean played in punk bands and later toured as a duo.
Around 2010, Bernhard and Turino moved back to Brattleboro. McBean remained in California and later moved to Austin. Despite no longer living in the same town, the band continues to tour and write.
In August 2010, the band performed at Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival. They have also performed several times at the annual Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival.
On June 4, 2018, The Devil Makes Three announced their new studio album, Chains Are Broken, which was produced by Ted Hutt and released on August 24, 2018, via New West Records. Along with the album announcement, they released "Paint My Face" as a streaming single and released another album track, "Bad Idea", on July 13, 2018.
Discography
Albums
Music videos
References
External links
[ Allmusic] artist page
American folk musical groups
American bluegrass music groups
Americana music groups
Country music groups from California
Musical groups from California
Musical groups established in 2002
2002 establishments in California
Santa Cruz, California
Temple Beth Israel () is a Reform synagogue located at 6622 North Maroa Avenue in Fresno, California. Founded in 1919, it was the first and remains the oldest synagogue in the San Joaquin Valley.
, the rabbi was Rick Winer.
Notes
Religious buildings and structures in Fresno, California
Culture of Fresno, California
Reform synagogues in California
Jewish organizations established in 1919
Religious buildings and structures in Fresno County, California
"Das Urteil" (German for The judgment or The verdict) is a diss track by German rapper Kool Savas, against his former partner Eko Fresh. The diss was a response to Eko Fresh's track "Die Abrechnung". The track was offered as a free download on the website MZEE.com and downloaded 100,000 times, becoming the best known diss track in Germany.
Background
Kool Savas and Eko Fresh began to dispute in 2002 and Eko Fresh left Optik Records shortly after. In 2004, Eko Fresh released the diss "Die Abrechnung", where he mainly attacks Kool Savas, but also criticises his former labelmates and other rappers. In the verse concerned with Kool Savas, Eko Fresh accuses his former colleague of being jealous of his fame.
Style
A notable feature of the song is that it has no chorus and instead has only one verse that lasts five minutes, which Kool Savas found exhausting to rap. Combined with his willingness to drop the feud, this meant he avoided performing the song on stage.
Kool Savas performed the song on MTV TRL.
Music video
The video features an Eko Fresh lookalike. It starts with Eko Fresh walking in a forest where he discovers a grave which carries the dates of his career's beginning and end. He runs through the forest trying to escape but crosses Kool Savas' way, who drives a Chrysler 300 C. Kool Savas gets out of his car and forces Eko Fresh into the trunk. In the next shot Eko Fresh is crawling on all four with a chain around his neck. Savas leads him back to the grave field and makes a dismayed Eko Fresh dig his own grave. Once finished, Eko Fresh is forced into a coffin and buried alive.
References
External links
"Das Urteil" official video on YouTube
Kool Savas songs
2005 singles
2005 songs
William Webster (12 November 1810 – 10 April 1896) was Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1887 to 1896.
He was educated at the University of Aberdeen and ordained in 1835. After a curacy at Drumlithie he was the incumbent at New Pitsligo until his appointment as Dean.
References
External links
1810 births
1896 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Deans of Aberdeen and Orkney
HMS Bee was an of the Royal Navy, launched on 8 December 1915. These class are also known as "Large China Gunboats".
Initially built for service on the River Danube, after World War I the Insects were transported to China and served on the Yangtze River. In 1920, Bee became the flagship of the Yangtze patrol.
On 12 December 1937, Bee, along with , became involved in the Panay incident and came under fire from a Japanese artillery unit near Wuhu on the Yangtze. Ladybird took six shells and Bee dodged a shell as she came upon the scene.
Bee was paid off in 1938 when the gunboat , the new flagship, arrived. She was sold in Shanghai for scrap on 22 March 1939 for £5,225.
External links
History of Yangtze River Patrol
Insect-class gunboats
1915 ships
Dame Doris Winifred Beale, (9 August 1889 – 14 January 1971) was a British military nurse and nursing administrator who served as Matron-in-Chief of Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service from 1941 to 1944 during the Second World War. In the 1944 Birthday Honours she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE), a first in the Royal Naval Nursing Service.
Early life
Beale was born in Forest Hill, London to George Beale and his wife, Annie Maria (née King). She was educated at Lewisham Prendergast School and later received as a probationer at London Hospital Training School for Nurses in 1912, where she completed her two years probation, achieving a "very satisfactory" examination result in October 1914.
Nursing career
After two years further training, Beale joined Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service (QARNNS) in 1917. She served at Royal Naval Hospitals in Plymouth and Portsmouth, before spending three years at the Royal Naval Hospital Gibraltar. During this time she was admitted as a member of the College of Nursing, becoming a registered nurse in 1923. She then had two spells nursing at RNH Chatham (1923–25 and 1927–30), either side of two years at RNH Bighi in Malta. Between December 1930 and August 1933, she was in charge of the Cadet Sick Quarters at Dartmouth, before becoming Superintending Sister at RNH Chatham.
On 24 February 1937 Beale was presented with the Associate Royal Red Cross at Buckingham Palace. The following month she was promoted to the position of Matron at RNH Haslar, Portsmouth, and a year later she moved to RNH Stonehouse, Plymouth, where she stayed during the Blitz. In July 1941 she was again promoted, to Matron-in-Chief of QARNNS. On 23 September 1941 she was upgraded to the Royal Red Cross (RRC). In 1943 she became an Officer (Sister) of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, before receiving a Bar to her RRC in January the following year.
Beale was made a Dame on 8 June 1944, and then retired. After retirement she became Deputy Matron-in-Chief of the Joint War Organisation of the Red Cross and St John. She received her British Red Cross Society (BRCS) Distinguished War Service Certificate from the Queen in 1946. In 1951, she was awarded the Florence Nightingale Medal and Certificate by the International Red Cross Committee, presented to her by the Duke of Gloucester. In 1969 she became a Vice-President of the Hostel for Disabled Women Workers. She was then made the first President of the QARNNS Association in 1970.
Travel to the Middle East
Between October and November 1949, Beale travelled to the BRCS Commission, Jordan, to see the relief work being carried out by British nurses in the area. During this time, she also visited Israel, Syria and the Lebanon. After the visit, she produced a report for the BRCS, giving her findings and outlining her recommendations for future action. In conclusion, she stated:
References
External links
Oxford Index #101051957
1889 births
1971 deaths
Nurses from London
British nursing administrators
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
People from Lewisham
British women in World War II
Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service officers
Royal Navy officers of World War I
Royal Navy officers of World War II
Members of the Royal Red Cross
British women in World War I
Florence Nightingale Medal recipients
Clark County is a county located in the southeastern part of U.S. state of Illinois, along the Indiana state line. As of the 2010 census, the population was 16,335. Its county seat is Marshall. The county was named for George Rogers Clark, an officer who served in the American Revolution.
History
Clark County was formed in 1819 out of Crawford County. At the time of its formation, Clark County included about a third of Illinois, and extended as far north as the present state of Wisconsin. In 1821 the northern part of Clark County became part of the newly created Pike County on January 31, and the newly created Fayette County took the western part of Clark County on February 14. Edgar County was created from the northern part of Clark County on January 3, 1823. The creation of Coles County occupied additional land from western Clark County, effective December 25, 1830. The boundaries of Clark County have been unchanged since.
Clark County was named for George Rogers Clark (older brother of William Clark of the Lewis and Clark Expedition), an officer of the army of Virginia that captured the Northwest Territory from the British during the Revolutionary War.
The county seat was located in Darwin Township in 1823. A county-wide referendum was held In 1839 to determine whether Auburn or Marshall would be designated as the new seat. Marshall won the election and has remained the county seat since then.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water. Part of the county's eastern border is defined by the Wabash River. The North Fork of the Embarras River and Hurricane Creek are the main streams in western Clark County. Other than the Wabash River, Big Creek is the major stream in the eastern part of the county.
Adjacent counties
Edgar County - north
Vigo County, Indiana - northeast
Sullivan County, Indiana - southeast
Crawford County - south
Jasper County - southwest
Cumberland County - west
Coles County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Route 40
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 49
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Marshall have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1930 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 16,335 people, 6,782 households, and 4,593 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,772 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.1% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 27.4% were German, 14.2% were Irish, 14.2% were English, and 10.8% were American.
Of the 6,782 households, 30.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.3% were non-families, and 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.87. The median age was 42.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,597 and the median income for a family was $52,689. Males had a median income of $39,385 versus $27,426 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,173. About 7.6% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.
Education
There are three school districts in Clark County (Marshall, Martinsville and Casey-Westfield) with a total enrollment (2004) of 3,014 students. Each district has one high school (grades 9–12) and one junior high school (grades 7–8). Marshall has two elementary schools and the other districts have one each.
See List of school districts in
Clark County
Communities
Cities
Casey
Marshall (seat)
Martinsville
Village
Westfield
Census designated places
West Union
Unincorporated communities
Adenmoor
Allright
Castle Fin
Choctaw
Clark Center
Clarksville
Cleone
Darwin
Dennison
Doyles
Ernst
Farrington
Hogue Town
Livingston
McKeen
Melrose
Moonshine
Moriah
Neadmore
Oak Point
Oakcrest
Oilfield
Orange
Patton
Snyder
Walnut Prairie
Weaver
Weir
York
Townships
Clark County is divided into fifteen townships:
Anderson
Auburn
Casey
Darwin
Dolson
Douglas
Johnson
Marshall
Martinsville
Melrose
Orange
Parker
Wabash
Westfield
York
Former Settlement
Griffin
Politics
In its early days, Clark County favored the Democratic Party, not supporting a Republican presidential candidate until Theodore Roosevelt's 1904 landslide. Since 1920, it has been a strongly Republican county: the last Democrat to win a majority being Lyndon Johnson in 1964, and only Bill Clinton by plurality in 1992 has won the county since.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County, Illinois
Sources
Perrin, William Henry, ed.. History of Crawford and Clark Counties, Illinois Chicago, Illinois. O. L. Baskin & Co. (1883).
References
Specific
General
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States National Atlas
External links
Clark County, Illinois History and Genealogy
Illinois counties
1819 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1819
Franciscan monastery or Franciscan friary may refer to a great number of locations, including:
Franciscan Friary, Baja, in Baja, Hungary
Franciscan Monastery in Kadaň, in Kadaň, Czech Republic
Mount St. Sepulchre Franciscan Monastery, in Washington, DC, United States
Buttevant Franciscan Friary, Buttevant, Ireland
For a more complete list, see :Category:Franciscan monasteries
Fido was an Australian rock band from Victoria, Australia, although they list themselves as Heavy Pop on their Myspace page. Fido formed in 1999 and have toured around Australia. The first recording took place through one microphone in the middle of Pete's parents lounge room. They would then go onto record their debut EP 'Open 7 Days' with Dave Carr of Rangemaster studios. Following recordings took place with 'Shooter McGavin' in The Basin, where the single "Lost Without You" was created. Fido's one and only album Something You Should Have was recorded with Daniel Kelaart at Clique studios in 2008.
Fido were known for their high energy on-stage performances, and have shared the stage with artists such as The Getaway plan, Antiskeptic, Kiss Chasy, Seraphs Coal and Wishful Thinking.
The song "Lift Me Up" (which first appeared on the EP Open Seven Days) had high rotation on the international youth radio show The Reality Zone.
The band have had video clips air on Channel V, Rage and Video Hits, along with national radio airplay for a cover they did of Delta Goodrem's "Lost Without You".
On 10 August, Fido announced with "much love" that they were "no more".
The final line up of Fido was David Temby, Jesse Chatelier, Alex DesForges and Daniel Kelaart.
Daniel Kelaart was in the top hundred of Australian Idol in 2006.
Members
Members
Alex DesForges - Drums/vocals
Pete Seamons - Guitar/vocals/screamos
Jesse Chatelier - Bass/vocals
Daniel Kelaart.- Guitar/vocals
Other members
Caleb (Mad Dog) Brown - Guitar/vocals
Dan Coronado - Guitar/vocals
Paul Derham - Guitar/Back-Up Vocals
Scot Leslie - Bass guitar/Back-Up Vocals
David Temby - Guitar
Discography
15 Million Times - EP (2000)
Open Seven Days - EP (2002)
"Lost Without You" - single (2004)
Something You Should Have - Album (2008)
References
Australian punk rock groups
The 37th Venice Biennale, held in 1976, was an exhibition of international contemporary art, with 30 participating nations. The Venice Biennale takes place biennially in Venice, Italy. No prizes were awarded this year or in any Biennale between 1968 and 1986.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1976 in art
1976 in Italy
Venice Biennale exhibitions
Issac Fletcher (1827 – 3 April 1879) was a British ironmaster and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1879. Fletcher committed suicide by revolver. On Thursday, 10 April 19, 1879.
Personal life
Fletcher was born at Greysouthen, Cumberland into a Quaker family, the son of John Wilson Fletcher. He was elected in the 1868 General Election as MP for Cockermouth as a moderate Liberal.
Isaac Fletcher had numerous business interests. He was (like his father and grandfather) a coalowner (a 'large colliery proprietor' according to the Yorkshire Post); like his brother William Fletcher (who succeeded him as MP for Cockermouth) he was a partner in the Clifton Colliery which, Whellan's The History and topography of the counties of Cumberland and Westmorland of 1860 noted, employed 600 hands, could raise up to 800 tons of coal a day and "the Workington harbour and the Cockermouth and Workington railway are both chiefly dependent for their revenue upon the Clifton Colliery". Fletcher was a Trustee of Workington Harbour, and a major shareholder in the Cockermouth and Workington Railway. The Fletchers also had interests in the local iron industry, and in quarries and mines supplying it with limestone and iron-ore. He acted as chairman of the Cockermouth, Keswick and Penrith Railway Company and of the Cumberland Mine-owners' Association and as deputy chairman of the West Cumberland Iron and Steel Company Ltd. He served as a justice of the peace for Cumberland,
on the nomination of William Lowther, 2nd Earl of Lonsdale, the Conservative Lord Lieutenant of Cumberland; Fletcher later (when appealed to by a Conservative MP) defended the Earl against posthumous accusations of partisan bias in his appointments to the bench.
Fletcher had interests in science, particularly astronomy. He built a private observatory at Tarn Bank (his home in Cumberland) initially equipped with a 4¼-inch aperture telescope of 6-foot focal length. He purchased a 9½-inch refracting telescope of 12-foot focal length from Thomas Cooke and Sons in 1857. He was elected a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1849 and contributed sixteen papers to the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society. Fletcher was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1855. He was also a fellow of the Geological Society of London and established a network of rain-gauges in the Lake District, reporting annually the rainfall in the previous year. He supported the scheme for supplying Manchester with water from Thirlmere.
Fletcher had an interest in history and was a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London. He studied the history of the industries of Cumberland and in 1878 published a paper on "The Archaeology of the West Cumberland Coal Trade" in the Transactions of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian Society.
Suicide
On 3 April 1879 Fletcher committed suicide by shooting himself in the forehead with a revolver at Morley's Hotel, London. According to his brother, there were no financial, family or personal problems, but Fletcher's health was poor ('a great derangement of the liver') and he was averse to taking medical advice; on occasions he had seemed withdrawn, as he had done in his childhood before epileptic fits to which he had then been liable. The surgeon who examined the body, questioned by the coroner, advised that persons with epileptic tendencies could well be seized by a suicidal mania; the jury accordingly found that Fletcher had killed himself whilst of unsound mind. The Carlisle Patriot – opposed to Fletcher in politics – spoke of his 'amiable character, great attainments, and strong and vigorous intelligence'.
References
External links
1827 births
1879 deaths
British politicians who committed suicide
Fellows of the Geological Society of London
Fellows of the Royal Astronomical Society
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People from Cumberland
Suicides by firearm in England
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
Moñitos is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Moñitos
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
Free were an English rock band formed in London in 1968, by vocalist Paul Rodgers, guitarist Paul Kossoff, bassist Andy Fraser and drummer Simon Kirke, the group signed with Island Records.
The group is best known for their hit songs "All Right Now” and "Wishing Well". Free's discography consists of six studio albums, two live albums, 18 compilation albums, one EP, 16 singles and two video albums. The band released their debut album Tons of Sobs in 1969. The album entered the US Billboard 200 chart at number 197. Free's self-titled second album failed in sales and charts, before the 1970 follow-up Fire and Water peaked at number 2 on the UK Albums Chart, supported by the popular single "All Right Now" which reached the same position on the UK Singles Chart. The single also reached the top ten in a number of other regions, including the United States where it peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Free's fourth album Highway reached number 41 on the UK Albums Chart, while its lead single "Stealer" charted at number 49 on the Billboard Hot 100. Free broke up in 1971 due to tensions between members of the band. In September, the group's first live album Free Live! was released, reaching number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and number 89 on the Billboard 200. The non-album single "My Brother Jake", released the same year, peaked at number 4 in the UK. Free reunited the following year, releasing Free at Last in June 1972 which reached the top ten of the UK Albums Chart. In early 1973 the band released Heartbreaker, which was recorded primarily by Rodgers and Kirke due to Fraser's departure and Kossoff's drug problems.
The band broke up permanently later in 1973, with Rodgers and Kirke going on to form Bad Company later that year. Island issued the first Free compilation at the end of the year, The Free Story, which reached number 2 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). Many more compilations followed in the subsequent years, including The Best of Free: All Right Now in 1991, which reached the top ten in the UK, and Chronicles in 2005, which reached number 42 on the chart. The Very Best of Free & Bad Company Featuring Paul Rodgers, released in 2010, which also features tracks by Bad Company, peaked at number 10 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified silver by the BPI. The band reached the top ten on the UK Singles Chart again in 1991, with a remixed version of "All Right Now" which peaked at number 8.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilations
Video albums
Extended plays
Singles
See also
List of songs recorded by Free
Notes
References
External links
Free discography at AllMusic
Free discography at Discogs
Free discography at MusicBrainz
Discography
Free
Free
Free
Malcolm Stuart Bell (born December 1981) is a British businessman, best known as co-founder of Zaggora, a sportswear company valued at £100M according to the Evening Standard. He has received several awards including the Orange National Business Awards in 2012. He has been a speaker at various events including TED (conference), Barclays, Facebook, Saïd Business School and Retail Week. He also mentors aspiring entrepreneurs through the New Entrepreneurs Foundation and Seedcamp.
Early life
Malcolm Stuart Bell was born in December 1981, the son of British politician Sir Stuart Bell.
Career
Bell began working as a website designer for local companies at age 15. In 2005, he graduated from the London School of Economics, and started working in investment management.
In 2011 he co-founded Zaggora alongside his wife, entrepreneur Dessi Bell.
Bell left Zaggora in 2013, and in 2014 he founded Mailcloud, a cloud tech business that raised 2.8m in committed capital from Octopus Holdings Limited, Bessemer Venture Partners, Kima Ventures, and Seedcamp. Bell has spoken at events for Google, Facebook, Barclays, TED, the Harvard Business School, and others. He mentors portfolio companies at Seedcamp.
Controversy
Malcom Bell appeared in ToryBoy The Movie where he was filmed arguing with and assaulting John Walsh. Malcolm Bell was jailed for stealing £8,000 from his father's colleagues.
Malcolm Bell, the son of Stuart Bell, the MP for Middlesbrough, took blank cheques from the office of George Galloway while working for his father as a researcher in the House of Commons.
Elaine Sims, appearing for the prosecution, told the court that Bell went to work as usual on 31 August last year (2001) at Portcullis House, opposite the Houses of Parliament. But when he went into a neighbouring office of Geraldine Clerck, Mr Galloway's secretary, he took four cheques belonging to Finjan, a company associated with Mr Galloway at the time the MP for Glasgow Kelvin.
On the same day Bell made out one of the cheques for £350 to himself and paid it into a branch of HSBC bank. He then bought an Egyptian figurine over the internet for £1,788 using the name of Dr Mustafa. The teenager wrote out another of the stolen cheques and arranged for the statue to be delivered to his office in Westminster.
On 8 October he made out a further cheque payable to himself, for a sum of £500, but the bank returned it unpaid. He made a mistake in completing the fourth cheque and threw it away.
Police alerted to the theft searched Bell's home in Richmond upon the Thames and found the Egyptian figurine on his mantelpiece. Bell admitted theft, obtaining property by deception, obtaining a money transfer by deception and attempting to obtain a money transfer by deception.
Bell also stole nearly £4,000 from Alan Whitehead MP, and computer equipment worth over £2,000 from Nigel Jones MP, Oona King MP and Ann Winterton MP while he was working in Portcullis House, near the Houses of Parliament.
He subsequently sold the computer equipment through an internet auction site and deposited the proceeds into his bank account.
He was jailed for 60 days.
References
External links
Official website
1981 births
Living people
21st-century British businesspeople
Medial inferior pontine syndrome is a condition associated with a contralateral hemiplegia."Medial inferior pontine syndrome" has been described as equivalent to Foville's syndrome.
Presentation
Although medial pontine syndrome has many similarities to medial medullary syndrome, because it is located higher up the brainstem in the pons, it affects a different set of cranial nuclei.
Depending upon the size of the infarct, it can also involve the facial nerve.
Cause
Medial pontine syndrome results from occlusion of paramedian branches of the basilar artery.
Diagnosis
Treatment
See also
Alternating hemiplegia of childhood
Lateral medullary syndrome
Lateral pontine syndrome
Medial medullary syndrome
Weber's syndrome
References
External links
Stroke
Syndromes affecting the nervous system
Arroyo Aguaje de la Petaca is a stream or arroyo in Taos County, and Rio Arriba County, New Mexico. Its mouth is at an elevation of 6,050 feet / 1,844 meters, at its confluence with the Rio Grande in Cañon del Rio Grande in Taos County. Its source is at an elevation of 9,135 feet / 3,017 meters, at at Cisneros Park in the Carson National Forest in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico.
References
Rivers of Rio Arriba County, New Mexico
Rivers of Taos County, New Mexico
Oil shale in China is an important source of unconventional oil. A total Chinese oil shale resource amounts of 720 billion tonnes, located in 80 deposits of 47 oil shale basins. This is equal to 48 billion tonnes of shale oil. At the same time there are speculations that the actual resource may even exceed the oil shale resource of the United States.
The oil shale industry was established in China already in the 1920s. After decrease in the production, the industry started to increase and as of 2008; several companies are engaged in the shale oil production or the oil shale-based power generation. After 2005, China became the largest shale oil producer in the world. In 2011, the country produced about 650,000 tonnes of shale oil. Most production facilities are Fushun-type retorts.
At the end of 2006, the Fushun Shale Oil Plant was the largest oil shale plant in the world. In 2005, the China National Oil Shale Association was established in Fushun. The main oil shale research institution in China is the China University of Petroleum.
Reserves
From 2004 to 2006 China undertook the national oil shale evaluation. According to the evaluation, it has been estimated that a total Chinese oil shale resource amounts of 720 billion tonnes, located in 80 deposits of 47 oil shale basins. This is equal to 48 billion tonnes of shale oil. The proven oil shale reserves comprise about 36 billion tonnes.
The principle Chinese reserves with commercial importance lie in Fushun (Liaoning), Maoming (Guangdong), Huadian and Nong'an (Jilin), and Longkou (Shandong). The Longkou deposit has the highest oil content (about 14%).
The Fushun oil-shale and coal deposit of Eocene age is located in north-eastern China, south of Fushun, Liaoning. Coal and oil shale are in a small outlier of Mesozoic and Tertiary sedimentary and volcanic rocks underlain by Precambrian granitic gneiss. The thickness of the layer of oil shale varies from to with the average of . The lacustrine origin oil shale is presented in the Jijuntun Formation, overlying the Guchengzi Formation consisting coal and underlying of green mudstone of the Xilutian Formation.
The Tertiary age Maoming oil-shale deposit is long, wide, and to thick. The ore is yellow brown and the bulk density is about 1.85. The oil shale contains 72.1% ash, 10.8% moisture, 1.2% sulfur, with a heating value of 1,745 kcal/kg (dry basis). It is not suitable for above-ground retorting, but it could be used for a power generation by a fluidized bed combustion.
Professor Alan R. Carroll of University of Wisconsin–Madison estimates that Upper Permian lacustrine oil shale deposits of the Junggar-Turpan-Hami basins in northwest China, absent from previous global oil shale assessments, are comparable to the Green River Formation.
History
The extraction of oil shale in China began in 1926 under the Japanese rule. The commercial-scale production of shale oil began in 1930 in Fushun, Manchuria, with the construction of the "Refinery No. 1" operating Fushun-type retorts. After World War II, the shale oil production was ceased, but 100 Fushun-type oil shale retorts and the related shale oil processing units were restored in 1949 after the founding of the People's Republic of China. In 1950, total 266 retorts were in operation, each with the capacity of 100–200 tonnes shale oil per day.
In 1954, the "Refinery No. 2" began its production and in 1959, the maximum annual shale oil production increased to 780,000 tonnes. The produced shale oil was acid and alkaline washed and hydrotreated for producing light liquid fuels. In 1961, China was producing one third of its total oil production from oil shale. In Maoming, Guangdong Province, a new oil shale retorting plant with 64 retorts was put into operation in 1963.
Since 1965, oil shale usage in Fushun started to decline. With the discovery of Daqing oilfield in the 1960s, the shale oil production declined and Sinopec, an operator of shale oil production these times, shut down its oil shale operations in the beginning of the 1990s. At the same time, the Fushun Oil Shale Retorting Plant was established as a part of the Fushun Mining Group. It started production in 1992. In 2005, China became the largest shale oil producer in the world. At the same year, China National Oil Shale Association was established in Fushun.
Industry
The major oil shale industry in China is the Fushun Mining Group. Several other coal and oil companies have expanded their activities into oil shale extraction. , there were seven shale retorting plants with a total production of 650,000 tonnes of shale oil. These plants located in Fushun, Huadian, Wangqing, Beipiao, Longkou, Yaojie, and Dongning. Most of them use Fushun retorts or modified Fushun retorts.
Fushun Mining Group
Fushun Mining Group owns geological reserve for high grade oil shale about 3.6 billion tonnes, of which exploitable reserve is 920 million tonnes, divided between East Open Pit (760 million tonnes) and West Open Pit (160 million tonnes). The oil shale production uses reserves from the West Open Pit, while the East Open Pit oil shale reserves are not mined yet. Oil shale is produced as a byproduct of the coal mining. In 2006, Fushun Mining Group produced 240,000 tonnes of shale oil, and was expected to produce 300,000 tonnes in 2007.
The company operates the largest oil shale retorting plant in the world. In 2011, it had two oil shale retorting plants with 120 and 100 retorts, producing annually about 350,000 tonnes of shale oil. In addition, the company has constructed the Alberta Taciuk processor to treat small size oil shale (particulate oil shale) which can't be processed in Fushun retort. The 250 tonnes per hour ATP processor was engineered and provided by Canadian company UMATAC Industrial Processes, a subsidiary of UMA Engineering Ltd. The processor is in the cold testing phase.
The cost of shale oil production in Fushun is US$18.46 per barrel (1,500 yuan per tonne), of which the mining costs 0.184, transportation 4.25, and retorting 13.84. Fushun shale oil is sold as fuel oil, while part of the surplus retort gas with low heating value is used in an internal combustion engine for producing steam and power. Spent shale and shale ash is used for the cement production; the annual production of cement is 300,000 tonnes and the annual production of bricks is 240 million.
PetroChina
In 2006, PetroChina, the largest Chinese oil company, set up a department of New Sources of Energy, which is responsible for the oil shale development. In August 2008, its subsidiary Daqing Oil Company started to build a shale oil plant in Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang. The plant is designed to process 1.2 million tonnes of oil shale per year and produce 100,000 tonnes of shale oil. It will use solid heat carrier technology.
Maoming
Maoming oil shale industry was developed from the 1960s to the 1990s by Maoming Petrochemical Company, a subsidiary of Sinopec, which built 64 Fushun-type retorts and 48 gas combustion retorts for producing shale oil. The production peaked with 180,000 tonnes of shale oil per annum. This industry was shut down in the 1990s. The Guandong Province authorities have a plan to use the Maoming oil shale for the power production using fluidized bed combustion. In 2008, one circulating fluidized-bed boiler was constructed. Guangdong Electricity Company has plans to build a power station with capacity of 1,200 MW.
Longkou Mining Group
Longkou Mining Group, subsidiary of Shandong Energy, produces oil shale as a coal mining byproduct. It operates shale oil plant which is equipped with 40 Fushun retorts. The shale oil production is about 120,000 tonnes per year and the planned full capacity is 200,000 tonnes of shale oil per year. The company also plans to utilize Enefit-280 technology. In addition, the company plans to burn shale char mixed with particulate oil shale in fluidized bed combustion for power generation, and the shale ash would be utilized for production of building material.
Jilin Energy & Communication Corporation
In 1996, Jilin Energy & Communication Corporation, a subsidiary of the China Power Investment Corporation, put into operation the first oil-shale-fired power plant in China, consisting of three circulating fluidized-bed units with capacity of 12 megawatts (MW). In 2005, the company in cooperation with the Jilin Municipal Government put forward the Huadian oil shale comprehensive utilization project. The project includes construction of the shale oil plant with capacity of 200,000 tonnes of shale oil per year, two circulated fluidized bed combustion units with capacity of 50 MW each and production of 1.2 million tonnes of cement and other building materials utilizing spent shale and shale ash. The shale oil plant will utilize the Petrosix technology.
Royal Dutch Shell
Shell China has established a joint venture with the Jilin Guangzheng Mineral Development Company Limited to explore and develop oil shale resources in Jilin Province. 61% of shares of the joint venture, Jilin Shell Oil Shale Development Company Limited (Jilin Shell), belongs to Shell China, while 39% is owned by Jilin Guangzheng. The company is planning to use the Shell's in-situ conversion process.
Wangqing County Longteng Energy Development Co.
Privately owned Wangqing County Longteng Energy Development Co. operates a shale oil plant in Wangqing, Jilin. The plant is equipped with 40 Fushun-type retorts, and it produces about 50,000 tonnes of shale oil per year. In 2009, the company also commissioned an oil shale power plant which is equipped with two circulating fluidized bed. The plant has capacity of 6 MW of electricity.
Other industries
In Beipiao, Liaoning, the Beipiao Coal Mining Company operates 60 Fushun-type retort with plans to open additional 24 retorts in 2012. Yaojie Coal Electricity Group in cooperating with Sanjiang Coal Chemical Company opened shale oil plant in July 2010 in Lanzhou, Gansu. The plant consist of eight square-shaped gas combustion retorts. Longhua Harbin Coal Chemical Industry Company, a subsidiary of China National Coal Corporation, is preparing to build a shale oil plant with the capacity of 1,000 tonnes of shale oil per day in Yilan, Heilongjiang. The plant will use hot recycled solids technology combined with fluidized bed retort. Similar plant is planned by the Songyasan Coal Mining Company.
The Mingxin Mining Company is planning to co-produce coal and oil shale in Mingxin, Gansu Province. The planned shale oil plant would have a capacity of 400,000 tonnes of shale oil per year. In addition, five private companies produce about 30,000 tonnes of shale oil by utilizing the Fushun-type retorts in Jilin. Liaoning Chengda is operating 12 modified Fushun retorts in Huadian, Jilin, and is building 24modified Fushun retorts in Jimsar County, Xinjiang. Other potential industries could be start in Uromqi (Xinjiang), Yongden (Gansu), and Chanpo (Hainan).
Research
The main oil shale research institution in China is the China University of Petroleum. Its Applied Chemistry Department is the main institution dealing with oil shale. The university's oil shale experts undertake oil shale evaluation, consulting, and reviewing work for pre-feasibility and feasibility studies and development projects for domestic and foreign countries. e.g. Mongolia.
References
Geology of China
Mining in China
Petroleum in China
Kate Louise Coppack (born 30 August 1994) is an English cricketer who currently plays for Middlesex and Sunrisers. An all-rounder, she is a right-handed batter and right-arm medium bowler. She has previously played for Cheshire and Berkshire.
Early life
Coppack was born on 30 August 1994 in Chester, Cheshire.
Domestic career
Coppack made her county debut in 2009, for Cheshire against Essex. In 2010, she was her side's joint-leading wicket-taker in the Twenty20 Cup, with 4 wickets at an average of 20.50. The following season, she took 13 wickets in the 2011 Women's County Championship, including her maiden five-wicket haul, taking 6/28 against Somerset. In 2012, Coppack again had a strong season in the County Championship, with 10 wickets at an average of just 6.50.
In 2015, Coppack made her maiden county half-century, scoring 56 in a six-wicket win over Suffolk. From 2017, Cheshire only competed in the Women's Twenty20 Cup, withdrawing from the Women's County Championship. Coppack remained one of the side's leading players, taking 10 wickets at an average of 8.20 in the 2017 tournament, and hitting her maiden T20 half-century in the 2018 tournament, as well as taking 7 wickets.
In August 2018, Coppack played for Peru in the 2018 South American Women's Cricket Championship as a 'guest player'. She played all six matches for the side, scoring two half-centuries and taking 3/1 from 1 over against Brazil and 4/8 from 3.4 overs against Chile.
In 2019, Coppack moved to Middlesex, but spent the season on loan to Berkshire. She took 7 wickets for the side across the two competitions that season. In 2021, Coppack played for Middlesex in the Twenty20 Cup, taking 1 wicket.
In 2021, Coppack was selected in the Sunrisers squad for their upcoming season. She made her debut for the side on 5 June, against Northern Diamonds in the Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy. She went on to play five matches in the tournament, taking three wickets. She also played three matches in the Charlotte Edwards Cup, taking two wickets at an average of 17.00.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chester
Cheshire women cricketers
Berkshire women cricketers
Middlesex women cricketers
Sunrisers women's cricketers
The southern scrub flycatcher (Sublegatus modestus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
Sublegatus
Birds described in 1831
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Echo Park is a 2014 drama romance film directed by Amanda Marsalis set in Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. The film explores couples struggling in unhappy relationships.
Plot
After listening to a morning conversation between Sophie and Simon, Sophie is buying a couch from Alex for her own apartment in working class Echo Park in Central Los Angeles. Alex, a musician, is returning to England after failing to break into films. Alex invites Sophie to join him, Mateo and his boy, Elias to play soccer in the park. After Sophie and Alex end up having sex and become friends.
Alex plays the role as rebound guy and Sophie admits she is still in love with her lifetime boyfriend but feels trapped. Sophie's rich Mom finds her and tells her to go back to Simon because she never dreamed of having Black grandchildren. Controlling rich Simon keeps telling Sophie to get over this "whatever vacation" and come back to him.
Alex's house sale falls through and Sophie agrees to buy it. Alex has fallen for Sophie but she does not ask him to stay. In fact she tells him she is returning to Simon. His friend Mateo also agrees to reconcile with his wife Martha. Alex cannot understand why couples reconcile into failed relationships. Sophie and Simon have a great fun day at a fair but at day's end Sophie knows she does not love him and the relationship really is over.
Alex completes packing to move and drives off to the airport. He leaves her favorite album in the empty house. Sophie attends Elias' art show from the photographs he made with the camera she purchased him. Alex keeps driving to the airport but will he turn around? He does not.
Cast
Mamie Gummer as Sophie
Tony Okungbowa as Alex
Maurice Compte as Mateo
Ricky Rico as Elias
Gale Harold as Simon
Helen Slater as Julia
Nicole Tubiola as Martha
Release
In June, 2018, Echo Park is available on Netflix streaming.
Reception
New York Times reviewer, Ken Jaworowski, finds the film understated and charming. He states: "It's no surprise to learn that the director, Amanda Margolis, has a background in photography. Here, in her feature debut, she's skilled in conjuring moods by using soft images of her actors and their surroundings."
References
External links
2010s English-language films
2014 films
American romantic drama films
Films set in Los Angeles
Films shot in Los Angeles
2014 romantic drama films
2010s American films
Doggone Cats (reissued as Dog Gone Cats), is a 1947 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Arthur Davis. The short was released on October 25, 1947, and stars Sylvester.
Plot
Wellington the dog is given a package to deliver to Uncle Louie, with strict instructions not to let go of it. Sylvester and his brother Alan (although not officially named), both of whom Wellington has been tormenting, see this as their chance to get even. They try multiple ways to get him to drop the package (one of which is disguising a cigarette from pepper and using it to make him sneeze), but Wellington always outsmarts them. Besides repeatedly filching the package, at one point they drop a duplicate off a bridge. Wellington still manages to retrieve the package a few times, but never for as long as he hopes for. At the end of the cartoon, Wellington finally arrives at Uncle Louie's, but is upset when he finds out that the package contains dinner for the two cats. Realizing that he had been a "jackass" through the whole thing, Wellington slams his head against the mailbox and crowns himself with garbage can lids.
See also
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1940–1949)
References
External links
Merrie Melodies short films
Films directed by Arthur Davis
1947 animated films
Cinecolor films
Films scored by Carl Stalling
Sylvester the Cat films
Animated films about brothers
Animated films about dogs
1947 films
1940s Warner Bros. animated short films
Spaniocentra hollowayi is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Taiwan and Japan.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm.
External links
Japanese Moths
Geometrinae
Moths of Japan
Moths of Taiwan
Maple Street Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Maple Street in Adams, Massachusetts. Established about 1760, it is the town's oldest cemetery, serving as a burying ground for its early Quaker settlers, as well as for some of its prominent 19th-century citizens. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Description and history
The Maple Street Cemetery occupies of land north of Adams' central business district, stretched along the north side of Maple Street between Forest Park Avenue and Notch Road. The setting is on a rise above the plain of the Hoosic River, with nearby Mount Greylock as a backdrop to the west.
The cemetery is Adams' oldest, with its earliest burials dating to 1760. This first small plot, housing the unmarked graves of Adams' early Quaker settlers, is near the listed Quaker Meetinghouse (built 1784). A second town-owned cemetery, established before 1800 at the eastern end of the current parcel, was joined with it in 1859 to form a single town-owned cemetery. A major update of its landscape was implemented in the late 1860s to a design by local civil engineer Charles F. Sayles, in which the present network of roads and lanes was established. During the 1930s the cemetery infrastructure underwent some rehabilitation, and a project of the Works Projects Administration lined the cemetery roadways with locally quarried marble.
The largest and most elaborate funerary monument is that of the Plunkett family, which owned and operated some of the town's mills. A second cemetery was not laid out in Adams until 1888, when Bellevue Cemetery was established.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
References
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Cemeteries in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
Adams, Massachusetts
The 1921 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1921 college football season. In its first season under head coach Ossie Solem, the team compiled a 5–2 record (2–2 against MVC opponents), finished fourth in the conference, and outscored opponents by a total of 149 to 40.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
The Chocó tapaculo (Scytalopus chocoensis) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Chocó tapaculo was formerly considered a subspecies of the Nariño tapaculo (Scytalopus vicinior) but was elevated to species status following Krabbe and Schulenberg (1997).
Description
The Chocó tapaculo is long. Males weigh and females . The male's mantle is dark gray, its lower back gray with a brown wash, and the rump dark brown with dusky bars. It is lighter gray below to the lower belly, which is reddish-brown with dark bars. The female is similar but the brownish wash extends to the head. The throat is lighter gray than the upper breast; the lower belly sometimes has a yellowish wash. The juvenile's upper parts are drab brown but for the dark brown rump; it appears barred below.
Distribution and habitat
The Chocó tapaculo is found in two small areas on the Pacific slope of eastern Panama and separately in a narrow band from western Colombia south into northwestern Ecuador. It principally inhabits the dense understory of humid primary forest but is also found at forest edges. In Panama it ranges in elevation from and in Colombia and Ecuador from .
Behavior
Feeding
Little is known beyond that the Chocó tapaculo forages on the ground for insects.
Breeding
A female with active gonads was captured in February; nests with juveniles were found in August. A nest was described as a ball of rootlets and moss in diameter hidden in leaf litter. It contained nestlings that were being fed by both adults.
Vocalization
The Chocó tapaculo's song is "a very resonant series 5-60 seconds long...the first few notes often slightly lower-pitched and delivered at a faster rate" . The call is a series of short sharp notes .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Chocó tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Despite its somewhat small range and unknown population numbers, both are believed large enough to warrant that classification.
References
Chocó tapaculo
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Chocó tapaculo
Chocó tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rakesh Sharma (born 2 July 1958) is the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of IDBI Bank. He is one of the first two private bankers to lead a state-run bank. Previously, Sharma was the MD and CEO of Lakshmi Vilas Bank and Canara Bank. He has also held several key positions at State Bank of India during his 33-year tenure with the lender. He is a seasoned banker with over three decades of experience primarily in retail and wholesale banking, corporate credit, asset liability management, loan syndication, industrial relations and human resources.
Career
State Bank of India
Sharma started his career with State Bank of India (SBI) as a probationary officer in 1980 and served the bank till 2014. His last position in SBI was that of Chief General Manager for Patna Circle, comprising Bihar and Jharkhand. Sharma has also held portfolios including lending to mid-corporate accounts in Andhra Pradesh region and supervising retail operations in the states of Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and Western UP. Earlier, he served as Chief Executive Officer of SBI Japan where he steered and directed operations of SBI branches in Tokyo and Osaka.
Lakshmi Vilas Bank
Sharma joined Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) as the MD and CEO in March 2014. He helmed Lakshmi Vilas Bank's rapid growth, as well as internal governance and mobile banking. During his 18-month tenure, the bank raised Rs. 406 crores through rights issue, which improved the capital adequacy ratio to 14.6%, providing sufficient capital for further business growth.
Canara Bank
Sharma joined Canara Bank in September 2015 as part of Government of India's Mission Indradhanush to revive public sector banks. He has led an extensive reorganisation drive at the bank moving from a three-tier to a four-tier organisation structure – comprising head office, 21 circles, 118 regional offices (ROs) and 5,847 branches across the country. Sharma believes that Indian PSBs must be more agile to efficiently cater their services to the customers and bring in sustained growth by establishing more customer-friendly initiatives.
At Canara Bank, he has largely focused on reorienting and strengthening the balance sheet by augmenting retail business, digitalisation and transformation. Sharma has raised capital for the bank through stake sales and by monetising the bank's investments in its subsidiaries such as Can Fin Homes.
Additional positions held
Sharma is the Non-Executive Chairman of Canara Bank Securities Ltd. (CBSL)
Non-Executive Chairman of Canbank Computer Services Limited (CCSL)
Non-Executive Chairman of Canbank Factors Ltd.
Associate Director of Canara Robeco Asset Management Company Ltd.
Director of Canbank Venture Capital Fund Ltd (CVCFL)
Chairman of the Sub-Committee of the Indian Banks' Association representing 11th Bipartite settlement for Wage Revision
Chairman of the Working Group on Credit Growth for Gyan Sangam
Member of the Governing Council of Indian Institute of Banking & Finance
Member of the Governing Board of Institute of Banking Personnel Selection
Member of the Managing Committee of the Indian Banks' Association
Awards received
Sharma received National Award for Excellence in lending to MSME, Micro Enterprises and PMEGP conferred on Canara Bank and presented by Hon'ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in 2016.
References
1958 births
Living people
Indian bankers
Indian chief executives
Kamaliyeh (, also Romanized as Kamālīyeh) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
American R&B singer Trey Songz has released eight studio albums, two extended plays (EPs), seven mixtapes and fifty-nine singles (including thirty as a featured artist). His music has sold an overall 25 million records worldwide in singles and albums.
Albums
Studio albums
Reissued albums
EPs
Mixtapes
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Billboard Year-End performances
Promotional singles
Other charted and certified songs
Guest appearances
Notes
a. "Da Baddest" charted at number one on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart.
References
External links
Trey Songz at Discogs
Discographies of American artists
Rhythm and blues discographies
Chandak may refer to:
Nikita Chandak, Nepalese model and beauty pageant titleholder
Pankaj Chandak, Indian-born British surgeon
Chandak Sengoopta, British professor
See also
Chandaka Elephant Sanctuary
Chandakhar, Azerbaijan
Papilio epenetus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Ecuador.
Description
Tailless. The females are paler than the male. The forewing is without spots except at the margin. The hindwing has large yellowish white marginal spots, and in the female usually also some small discal spots.
Biology
Larvae are found on Citrus.
References
Lewis, H. L., 1974 Butterflies of the World Page 24, figure 19 (female)
External links
Butterfly Corner Images from Naturhistorisches Museum Vienna
epenetus
Butterflies described in 1861
Papilionidae of South America
Taxa named by William Chapman Hewitson
The College Inn Bar is the oldest established business in Douglas, Wyoming and Converse County to survive in its original location. Established in 1906 by Theodore (Llee) Pringle, succeeding an 1887 bar known as "Lee Pringle's." The 1906 structure is a two-story masonry building, occupying the site of the frame Pringle's bar, which was moved two blocks away and which still survives.
The College Inn Bar is a rectangular two story masonry building with of street frontage, and deep. The bar, made by the Brunswick-Balke Calendar Company of Chicago, features elaborate woodwork, with a mirrored marble and wood backbar. The mirrors were painted with western scenes in 1953. The barroom features taxidermy mounts and an arched vision screen with stained glass inserts, crowned by two stuffed golden eagles. Beyond the barroom is a lounge that used to feature ten curtained private booths, removed during Prohibition. The lounge retains call buttons and painted murals.
The second floor originally had nine elaborately-furnished guest rooms, with a tenth room for gambling. The building's structure incorporates railroad steel and steel cables in an early attempt at reinforced concrete. The basement served as a storeroom for liquor and beer.
The College Inn Bar was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 10, 1979.
References
External links
College Inn Bar at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Commercial buildings completed in 1906
Buildings and structures in Converse County, Wyoming
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Converse County, Wyoming
1906 establishments in Wyoming
Danny Diaz & The Checkmates were a Filipino rock band, based in Hong Kong in the 1960s.
They were part of the Hong Kong beat group scene between 1964 and 1969, that included other Hong Kong groups, such as Anders Nelson & The Inspiration, D'Topnotes, Fabulous Echoes, Joe Jr. & The Side Effects, Teddy Robin & The Playboys, Lotus, Magic Carpets, Mod East and Mystics and The Thunderbirds. They entered into a "Battle of the Sound" contest and conquered various groups, and in the final beat Teddy Robin & The Playboys to become the winner. Some recordings were released on the Diamond record label. In the late 1960s they covered a song that The Foundations had released, the Eric Allandale composition, "Solomon Grundy".
Singles
"Solomon Grundy" / "Goodbye Baby" – Pye Records 7N.17690
"What Ever Happened to Romance" – Jewel 71387
Compilation albums
Diamond Records Best Selection (Four CD) – Various artists – Universal Music (HK) (2006)
"It's So Easy"
"Up Up And Away"
Krazy World World Beaters 4 – Various Artists (2005)
"She's So Fine"
References
Chinese rock music groups
Hong Kong musical groups
Trevor J. Pinch (1 January 1952 – 16 December 2021) was a British sociologist, part-time musician and chair of the Science and Technology Studies department at Cornell University. In 2018, he won the J.D. Bernal Prize from the Society for Social Studies of Science for "distinguished contributions to Science and Technology Studies over the course of [a] career".
Life and career
Pinch was born in Lisnaskea, Northern Ireland on 1 January 1952. He held a degree in Physics from Imperial College London and a PhD in Sociology from the University of Bath.
He taught sociology at the University of York before moving to the United States. Together with Wiebe Bijker, Pinch started the movement known as Social Construction of Technology (SCOT) within the sociology of science.
Pinch died from cancer, four years after his initial diagnosis, on 16 December 2021, at the age of 69.
Works
Pinch was a significant contributor to the study of Sound culture, and his books include a major study of Robert Moog. His book, Confronting Nature is widely considered the definitive sociological account of the history of the solar neutrino problem, and was mentioned by Raymond Davis in his 2002 Nobel Prize autobiography.
Books
Chapters in books
Journal articles
References
External links
Trevor Pinch at Cornell S&TS
1952 births
2021 deaths
Alumni of Imperial College London
Alumni of the University of Bath
Academics of the University of York
Cornell University faculty
Historians of technology
Scottish sociologists
Social constructionism
Sociologists of science
People from Lisnaskea
St. Leonard's Crypt under the Wawel Cathedral in Kraków, Poland, is a Romanesque crypt founded in the 11th century (around 1038–1039) by Casimir I the Restorer who made Kraków his royal residence as the capital.
At the end of the 11th century construction work began on the cathedral called ‘Hermanowska'. It is probable that Władysław I Herman was its benefactor. The cathedral was consecrated in 1142. More is known about this new structure because its image is featured on a chapter house seal from the 13th century and its present-day remnants are well preserved – including the lower part of the Silver Bell Tower.
The entire St. Leonard's Crypt is supported by eight columns. In 1118 bishop Maurus was buried there. The paten and the chalice were later exhumed from the tomb. This period also gave rise to the Rotunda by the Bastion of Ladislaus IV of Hungary from the 12th century, which could have been a baptistery for the royalty, the Church near the Dragon's Den, and the Rotunda by the Sandomierska Tower – probably from the second half of the 11th century.
The crypt holds the tombs of Polish kings and heroes such as:
Michael I - King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania
John III Sobieski - King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, commander at the Battle of Vienna
Marie Casimire - Queen Consort of Poland and Grand Duchess Consort of Lithuania, wife of John III Sobieski
Józef Poniatowski - Prince of Poland and Marshal of France
Tadeusz Kościuszko - Polish general, revolutionary and a brigadier general in the American Revolutionary War
Władysław Sikorski - Prime Minister of the Polish Government in Exile and Commander-in-Chief of the Polish Armed Forces
Pope John Paul II said his first Mass on the altar in St. Leonard's Crypt on November 2, 1946, one day after his priestly ordination.
References
Marek Strzala, Royal tombs of the Wawel Cathedral in Krakow
Wawel
Romanesque architecture in Poland
Rufus Fairchild Zogbaum (August 28, 1849 — October 22, 1925) was an American illustrator, journalist, and writer. He is primarily known as an illustrator for late 19th century news magazines. His works were regularly featured in Harper's Weekly magazine.
Early life
Zogbaum was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He was educated at the Art Students League in New York City from 1878–1879, and during 1880–1882 studied under Léon Bonnat in Paris.
Career
Harper's Weekly normally hired freelance illustrators; nevertheless, for a time Zogbaum was on the magazine's art staff and was sometimes given the assignment to redraw submissions by freelance illustrators. In the 19th-century news magazine world, redrawing illustrations was the equivalent of editing writers' works. Two of the most famous artists who made illustrations for Harper's were Winslow Homer and Frederic Remington, whose first few illustrations for Harper's were redrawn by staff artists, including Zogbaum. Zogbaum and Rockwell both lived and worked in New Rochelle, New York, a well-known art colony especially popular among illustrators of the early twentieth century.
Rudyard Kipling referred to Zogbaum in a poem he sent to then-Captain (later Rear Admiral) Robley D. Evans, U.S. Navy, in 1896.
Specialization and influence
Zogbaum specialized in several areas of illustration. During his lifetime, his drawings and paintings of horses and military themes (U.S. Army and Navy) were almost as well known as Remington's, although he was older than Remington and his works had actually influenced the younger artist. As did Remington, during the Spanish–American War, Zogbaum served as an on-the-scene artist-correspondent. His 1897 book, All Hands: Pictures of Life in the United States Navy, is a collector's item featuring 36 full page illustrations. He painted a mural of the Battle of Lake Erie in 1910 for the Howard M. Metzenbaum U.S. Courthouse in Cleveland, Ohio.
Descendants
His son, Rufus F. Zogbaum, Jr., became an admiral in the U.S. Navy, and his grandson, Wilfrid Zogbaum (1915–1965), was a well-respected painter and sculptor who had teaching stints in several universities, including the University of California at Berkeley.
References
External links
The March Out, by Rufus Zogbaum (1885), used on the Ft. Davis National Historic Site website
The Prairie Letter Box, by Rufus Zogbaum (1887), with modern hand coloring, on the ‘'AmericanGallery'' website
Montana Cowboy by Rufus Zogbaum (1885) used to illustrate his article, A Day's Drive With Montana Cowboys in Harper's Magazine, July 1885, Volume 71, Issue 422
Article by Rufus Zogbaum, Across Country with a Cavalry Column (1885), showing four illustrations
American illustrators
1849 births
1925 deaths
Artists from New Rochelle, New York
Painters from New York (state)
Artists from Charleston, South Carolina
Painters from South Carolina
American male painters
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
Art Students League of New York alumni
Phelsuma masohoala is a species of gecko endemic to the Sava Region of Madagascar.
References
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1994
The Hungate massacre involved the murder of the family of Nathan Hungate along Running Creek (Box Elder Creek near present-day Elizabeth, Colorado) on June 11, 1864. It was a precipitating factor leading to the Sand Creek massacre of November 29, 1864.
Background
The Hungate family moved to the area, about 25 miles southeast of Denver, about March of 1864. The Hungates included Nathan, his wife Ellen, and daughters, Laura and Florence. They lived on the ranch of Issac Van Wormer, who employed Nathan as the ranch manager. The ranch was located just south of the County Line Road between Araphaoe-Elbert counties, east of Running Creek, and north of the town of Elizabeth.
Prior to that, in 1861, the Treaty of Fort Wise was made with American Indian tribes in Colorado Territory to restrict their access to their hunting grounds, relocate to a reservation, and grow crops in exchange for provisions. There were periods of crop failures, however, and the government did not honor its agreement to provide provisions. Tribes began stealing food and livestock. In April 1864, John Evans, the territorial governor, called for Colonel John Chivington, commander of the 1st Regiment of Colorado Volunteers to "kill Cheyenne wherever or whenever found," without determining whether or not they were guilty. The cavalry killed innocent women, children, and men, which resulted in retaliatory raids against settlers in Colorado and Kansas.
Attack
On June 11, Nathan rode out with a hired hand, Mr. Miller, looking for stray heads of cattle. Several miles from the ranch, they saw smoke coming from the area of Hungate's cabin and suspected an attack by American Indians. Miller said that he was riding for Denver and advised Hungate that his family was likely dead and if he went back to the cabin he would be killed, too. Hungate rode back to find that his cabin was on fire and his family had been killed and badly mutilated. He was captured and was similarly killed. The couple was in their twenties, Laura was 2 1/2 years of age, and Florence was a 6-month-old infant.
Miller made it to Denver and gave news of the attack to Van Wormer, who rode to the ranch to find the Hungate family dead. Nathan Hungate's body was badly mutilated with 80 bullets, and was found a distance from the house. The bodies of Ellen and the two girls were found mutilated, bound together, and thrown into a shallow well. All of the family's stock had been taken and the buildings were burned down.
Aftermath
On June 13, the Hungate family's bodies were taken by Van Wormer to Denver and put on public display, creating anger and inciting revenge for the attacks presumed to be by American Indians. An inquest was held on June 14, which resulted in a decision that they were killed by unknown people, likely American Indians. It was speculated that they may have been members of the Arapaho or Cheyenne tribes. Jim Beckwourth, an experienced frontiersman, postulated that the manner of death was not consistent with either the Cheyenne or Arapaho, according to an article in Daily Commonwealth dated June 15. Others later believed that the attack was made by members of the Arapaho tribe.
Residents of Denver were frightened and wanted revenge. Citizens took it upon themselves to attack American Indians, which resulted in retaliatory reactions predominately from Cheyenne and Arapaho people. A 100-day volunteer cavalry was authorized by the U.S. War Department on August 11 and Colonel John Chivington was put in command. On November 29, Chivington led an attack on a Cheyenne and Arapaho encampment called the Sand Creek massacre.
Van Wormer gave up the ranch, and after it reverted to the government, it was purchased by Frank Girardot. After four burials, the family was finally buried at Fairmont Cemetery in Denver in June 1892. In 1939, the Pioneer Women of Colorado erected a monument in Elbert County to the Hungates and the Dietemann family, who was shot and scalped in 1868. The monument is located in front of the Elbert County Courthouse in Kiowa, Colorado.
Notes
References
External links
1864 in Colorado Territory
1864 murders in the United States
Massacres in 1864
Colorado Territory
June 1864 events
Massacres in the United States
In algebraic geometry, a branch of mathematics, the Lefschetz theorem on (1,1)-classes, named after Solomon Lefschetz, is a classical statement relating holomorphic line bundles on a compact Kähler manifold to classes in its integral cohomology. It is the only case of the Hodge conjecture which has been proved for all Kähler manifolds.
Statement of the theorem
Let X be a compact Kähler manifold. The first Chern class c1 gives a map from holomorphic line bundles to . By Hodge theory, the de Rham cohomology group H2(X, C) decomposes as a direct sum , and it can be proven that the image of c1 lies in H1,1(X). The theorem says that the map to is surjective.
In the special case where X is a projective variety, holomorphic line bundles are in bijection with linear equivalences class of divisors, and given a divisor D on X with associated line bundle O(D), the class c1(O(D)) is Poincaré dual to the homology class given by D. Thus, this establishes the usual formulation of the Hodge conjecture for divisors in projective varieties.
Proof using normal functions
Lefschetz's original proof worked on projective surfaces and used normal functions, which were introduced by Poincaré. Suppose that Ct is a pencil of curves on X. Each of these curves has a Jacobian variety JCt (if a curve is singular, there is an appropriate generalized Jacobian variety). These can be assembled into a family , the Jacobian of the pencil, which comes with a projection map π to the base T of the pencil. A normal function is a (holomorphic) section of π.
Fix an embedding of X in PN, and choose a pencil of curves Ct on X. For a fixed curve Γ on X, the intersection of Γ and Ct is a divisor on Ct, where d is the degree of X. Fix a base point p0 of the pencil. Then the divisor is a divisor of degree zero, and consequently it determines a class νΓ(t) in the Jacobian JCt for all t. The map from t to νΓ(t) is a normal function.
Henri Poincaré proved that for a general pencil of curves, all normal functions arose as νΓ(t) for some choice of Γ. Lefschetz proved that any normal function determined a class in H2(X, Z) and that the class of νΓ is the fundamental class of Γ. Furthermore, he proved that a class in H2(X, Z) is the class of a normal function if and only if it lies in H1,1. Together with Poincaré's existence theorem, this proves the theorem on (1,1)-classes.
Proof using sheaf cohomology
Because X is a complex manifold, it admits an exponential sheaf sequence
Taking sheaf cohomology of this exact sequence gives maps
The group of line bundles on X is isomorphic to . The first Chern class map is c1 by definition, so it suffices to show that i* is zero.
Because X is Kähler, Hodge theory implies that . However, i* factors through the map from H2(X, Z) to H2(X, C), and on H2(X, C), i* is the restriction of the projection onto H0,2(X). It follows that it is zero on , and consequently that the cycle class map is surjective.
References
Bibliography
Reprinted in
Theorems in algebraic geometry
Bacteroides fragilis is an anaerobic, Gram-negative, pleomorphic to rod-shaped bacterium. It is part of the normal microbiota of the human colon and is generally commensal, but can cause infection if displaced into the bloodstream or surrounding tissue following surgery, disease, or trauma.
Habitat
Bacteroides fragilis resides in the human gastrointestinal tract and is essential to healthy gastrointestinal function such as mucosal immunity and host nutrition. As a mesophile, optimal growth occurs at 37 °C and a pH around 7.
Morphology
Cells of B. fragilis are rod-shaped to pleomorphic with a cell size range of 0.5-1.5 x 1.0-6.0 μm.B. fragilis is a Gram-negative bacterium and does not possess flagella or cilia making it immotile. However, it does utilize peritrichous fimbriae for adhesion to other molecular structures. B. fragilis also utilizes a complex series of surface proteins, lipopolysaccharide chains, and outer membrane vesicles to help survive the volatile intestinal micro-environment.
Metabolism & mutualism in the gut microbiome
B. fragilis is an aerotolerant, anaerobic chemoorganotroph capable of fermenting a wide variety of glycans available in the human gut microenvironment including glucose, sucrose, & fructose. B. fragilis can also catabolize a variety of biopolymers, polysaccharides, and glycoproteins into smaller molecules which can then be used and further broken down by other microbes. Fatty acids produced by the fermentation of carbohydrates can serve as a source of energy for the host. Cytochrome bd oxidase is essential for oxygen consumption in B. fragilis and can allow other obligate anaerobes to survive in the now oxygen-reduced microenvironment. Animals lacking gut bacteria require 30% more caloric intake to maintain body mass.
Environment-sensing systems
The complex environmental-sensory system allows B. fragilis to survive/adapt in the ever-changing human gut microbiome. This system is composed of/designed to effectively handle:
Bacteriocins: B. fragilis intestinal isolates secrete high levels of bacteriocin proteins and are resistant to other bacteriocins secreted by other closely related isolates. This mechanism is believed to reduce the level of intra-specific competition.
Bile salt resistance: Utilizes enzymes such as "bile salt hydrolase" to resist the degrading effects of bile salts. Detergent activity of bile salts can permeabilize bacterial membranes which can eventually lead to membrane collapse and/or cell damage.
Oxidative Stress Response: Proteins such as catalase, superoxide dismutase, & alkyl hydroperoxide reductase protect the organism from harmful oxygen radicals. This permits growth in the presence of nanomolar concentrations of O2.
Antibiotic resistance
Member of the genus Bacteroides are characterized with having the highest numbers of antibiotic resistance mechanisms accompanied by the highest resistance rates amongst anaerobic bacteria. Species of the Bacteroidaceae have displayed increasing resistance to antimicrobial agents such as cefoxitin, clindamycin, metronidazole, carbapenems, & fluoroquinalones.
Resistance Reservoirs: Bacteroides species accumulate a variety of antibiotic/antimicrobial resistance genes as they reside in the gastrointestinal tract. This allows the genetic transfer of these genes to other Bacteroides species and possibly other more virulent bacteria leading to an overall increase in multi-drug resistance. This is exacerbated by the tendency of resistance genes to be relatively stable even without the presence of the antibiotic.
Epidemiology and pathogenesis
The B. fragilis group is the most commonly isolated Bacteroidaceae in anaerobic infections, especially those that originate from the gastrointestinal microbiota. B. fragilis is the most prevalent organism in the B. fragilis group, accounting for 41% to 78% of the isolates of the group. These organisms are resistant to penicillin by virtue of production of beta-lactamase, and by other unknown factors.
This group was formerly classified as subspecies of B. fragilis (i.e. B. f. ssp. fragilis, B. f. ssp. distasonis, B. f. ssp. ovatus, B. f. ssp. thetaiotaomicron, and B. f. ssp. vulgatus). They have been reclassified into distinct species on the basis of DNA homology studies. B. fragilis (formerly known as B. f. ssp. fragilis) is often recovered from blood, pleural fluid, peritoneal fluid, wounds, and brain abscesses.
Although the B. fragilis group is the most common species found in clinical specimens, it is the least common Bacteroides present in fecal microbiota, comprising only 0.5% of the bacteria present in stool. Their pathogenicity partly results from their ability to produce capsular polysaccharide, which is protective against phagocytosis and stimulates abscess formation.
Bacteroides fragilis is involved in 90% of anaerobic peritoneal infections. It also causes bacteremia associated with intra-abdominal infections, peritonitis and abscesses following rupture of viscus, and subcutaneous abscesses or burnsnear the anus. Though it is gram negative, it has an altered LPS and does not cause endotoxic shock. Untreated B. fragilis infections have a 60% mortality rate.
See also
List of oncogenic bacteria
Infectious causes of cancer
Pathogenic bacteria
References
External links
Bacteroides references in Baron's Medical Microbiology (online at the NCBI bookshelf).
Type strain of Bacteroides fragilis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteroidia
Gram-negative bacteria
Medically important anaerobes
Gut flora bacteria
The Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC) is a statutory organ of the state government of Georgia; elected among five commission districts, the board consists of a Chairman, a Vice-chairman, and three Commissioners. PSC regulates telecommunications, transportation, electric and natural gas services in the U.S. state of Georgia. Commissioners are elected in partisan elections statewide, though they must reside in a district.
The PSC is charged with protecting the public interest and promoting a healthy business-investment economy. The PSC is responsible for varying degrees of regulation in State telecommunications, gas, and electric companies and for establishing and enforcing the standards for quality of service. Unlike counterparts in other states, the Georgia PSC does not regulate water/sewer or gas providers.
History
The regulatory functions of the PSC have changed dramatically since its founding. On October 14, 1879, Georgia became one of the first states to establish a regulatory agency to oversee railroad expansion and competition. Known as the Railroad Commission of Georgia, the commission consisted of three members who were appointed by the governor and served staggered six-year terms. In 1891 telegraph and express companies came under the commission's jurisdiction. By 1907 the commission began to regulate docks and wharves, as well as telephone, gas, and electric-power companies, and in 1931 its jurisdiction expanded to cover the trucking industry. In 1922 the Georgia legislature changed the agency's name to the Georgia Public Service Commission to reflect its expanded regulatory role.
PSC operations
In 1907 the number of commissioners elected statewide was increased from three to five. Today the five elected commissioners are supported by approximately ninety staff members, and, usually, every two years, the Chair is selected by the commission members. Beginning with the 2000 election year, each seat on the commission is assigned to one of five districts. Candidates for the commission must reside in the district with the available commission seat, although the entire state continues to vote for all five slots. Commissioners serve staggered six-year terms.
The commission depends primarily on appropriations from the Georgia General Assembly. In fiscal year 1999 the total budget of the PSC amounted to approximately $14 million, with approximately $9.5 million coming from the Georgia legislature and the remaining $4.4 million from the federal government and other funds. The fiscal year 2004 budget was $9.3 million.
When regulated utility companies bring a rate request before the PSC, the request is first addressed by one of the commission's four standing committees: telecommunications, energy, transportation, or policy development and intergovernmental affairs. The commissioners are assisted by experts on utility and transportation operations, who may provide testimony and make recommendations regarding rates or arbitration. The PSC makes decisions by a majority vote of the commissioners. It is authorized only to issue administrative orders. Furthermore, its rulings must be consistent with current legal standards and are subject to judicial review by the courts.
Regulatory functions of the PSC
Although the PSC over the years has regulated the rates and service of the telecommunications, gas, and electric industries, today it does not regulate all utility companies within these sectors. The commission regulates only the rates charged and the services provided by most intrastate, investor-owned telecommunications, gas, and electric utilities operating in Georgia. The commission does not set rates for municipally owned electric and gas utilities or electric membership corporations, although these utilities consult the commission on such matters as financing and the resolution of territorial disputes. The commission also ensures the safety of all natural-gas pipelines in the state. The commission plays a smaller role with regard to the transportation sector. Its authority over truck and express companies and private and for-hire motor carriers is restricted to requiring proof of insurance and safety inspections.
Deregulation
The deregulation of the telecommunications and natural gas industries in the 1990s greatly altered the regulatory functions of the PSC. Instead of regulating the rates of telephone and gas services, the commission plays a strong role as a manager and facilitator of open-market competition.
Telecommunications
Georgia's Telecommunication and Competition Development Act of 1995 and the Federal Telecommunications Act of 1996 have greatly affected the telecommunications industry in Georgia. Both statutes sought to turn the traditional regulated monopoly service into a competitive market. Thus the commission no longer sets rates for telephone services but establishes and administers a universal access fund, which ensures reasonable access to services for customers; monitors rates and service quality; and mediates disputes between competitors. By the end of 2003 the number of certificated local competitive telephone exchange providers had grown to 221.
Natural gas
More than 1.8 million Georgia customers use natural gas. In early 1997 Georgia became the first state to adopt legislation to deregulate natural gas with the Natural Gas Competition and Deregulation Act. The commission's role under the Natural Gas Act is similar to the one it plays in the telecommunications market: to facilitate the transition from a regulated monopoly to a competitive marketplace. As part of the deregulation process, the Atlanta Gas Light Company, which had long held a monopoly in the market, withdrew from selling natural gas to become a distributor of natural gas in 1999. Unregulated marketing companies now sell natural gas at variable prices, much in the way that long-distance telephone companies operate.
By all accounts Georgia's transition from monopoly to market competition has been very contentious. Several problems have plagued the deregulation process from the beginning, and unusually high gas prices have recently exacerbated the situation. As facilitator of the deregulation process, the PSC has played a high-profile role in several disputes. First, early in the deregulation process, the PSC settled several "slamming" cases with marketers. Slamming occurs when companies switch customers without their authorization. Second, after several marketers persistently billed customers incorrectly, the PSC resolved the billing disputes. Third, in November 2000 several marketers threatened to shut off service for nonpayment of bills. The PSC voted unanimously to impose an immediate moratorium through April 1, 2001, on shutoffs of gas service for residential customers. In January 2001, in a three-to-two vote, the PSC overrode protests from natural-gas marketers and enacted emergency rules to allow consumers who owe money in back bills to switch to marketers with lower prices.
Elections
From 1877 to 1906, the Railroad Commission was a three-member body appointed by the governor and confirmed by the state senate. In 1906, the Georgia State Constitution reformed the Railroad Commission into a five-member body elected at-large statewide. In 1998, the General Assembly passed HB95, requiring members of the PSC to live in residency districts while retaining the requirement for candidates to run statewide. In 1996, Republicans gained a majority on the PSC for the first time, and would win all seats by 2006.
The 1998 elections change was met since with criticism that the residency requirement diluted the voting power of Black residents in Georgia's racially-polarized voting environment. David Burgess, a Democrat who was appointed by Roy Barnes in 1998 to represent District 3, was the first African-American member of the PSC and won election to a full term in 2000, but was defeated for re-election in 2006 by Chuck Eaton. Successive African American party nominees, including Democrats and a Libertarian, have failed to win election to any seat on the PSC since. In addition, six runoff elections were held for seats on the PSC in 1992, 1998, 2006, 2008, 2018 and 2020, in which racial polarization resulted in candidates preferred most by African-American candidates were repeatedly defeated in runoff elections. After the 2020 PSC election, in which African-American Democrat Daniel Blackman was defeated in a run-off by District 4 incumbent Lauren "Bubba" McDonald (who won the most total votes of all three Republican statewide candidates on the runoff ballot, while both David Perdue and Kelly Loeffler lost their runoffs for U.S. Senate on the same ballot), a lawsuit was filed against the PSC election method by Georgia Conservation Voters, alleging that the method violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Other litigation occurred in 2022 regarding the residency requirement, with Gwinnett County resident Patty Durand having qualified for District 2 as a Democrat prior to the passage of legislation which redistricted Gwinnett County from District 2 to District 4. Following the passage of the legislation, Durand switched her residency into a county further into the newly-drawn District 2. Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger moved to remove Durand from the Democratic primary ballot for 2022 for residency, but was blocked by a state judge. Durand alleged that Gwinnett County was moved out of the district in order to deny a challenge to Republican incumbent Tim Echols. Other litigation was filed after the Democratic primary for District 3, in which Chandra Farley challenged Democratic nominee Shelia Edwards' residency in District 3.
On August 5, 2022, Judge Steven D. Grimberg ruled in Rose v. Raffensperger that the requirement that candidates live in a district but be elected at-large statewide diluted Black voters' voting power and ordered Raffensperger to cancel the 2022 election until either a new election method is devised by the General Assembly or, failing that, devised by the court. The state appealed the ruling to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, which stayed Grimberg's ruling and restored the election to the ballot. On August 19, 2022, the Supreme Court of the United States issued a preliminary ruling vacating the 11th Circuit's stay of the Grimberg ruling, delaying the 2022 elections for PSC and directing the 11th Circuit to review the ruling; the Georgia Secretary of State's office did not contest the ruling, delaying the elections to 2023.
Members
See also
Public Utilities Commission
References
External links
Georgia Public Service Commission Website
Georgia
Public Service Commission
Georgia Public Service Commission
Kaija Saariaho (; ; born 14 October 1952) is a Finnish composer based in Paris, France.
Saariaho studied composition in Helsinki, Freiburg, and Paris, where she has lived since 1982. Her research at the Institute for Research and Coordination in Acoustics/Music (IRCAM) marked a turning point in her music away from strict serialism towards spectralism. Her characteristically rich, polyphonic textures are often created by combining live music and electronics.
During the course of her career, Saariaho has received commissions from the Lincoln Center for the Kronos Quartet and from IRCAM for the Ensemble Intercontemporain, the BBC, the New York Philharmonic, the Salzburg Music Festival, the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris, and the Finnish National Opera, among others. In a 2019 poll of composers by BBC Music Magazine, Saariaho was ranked the greatest living composer.
Orchestra
Soloist(s) and orchestra
Instrumental
Vocal
Large ensemble (7 or more players)
Soloist(s) and large ensemble (7 or more players)
Instrumental
Vocal
Works for 2-6 players
Solo works
Chorus (a cappella and with accompaniment)
Solo voice with up to 6 players
Opera and musical theatre
Music for dance
Electronic music
References
Sources
"Catalogue". www.wisemusicclassical.com. Retrieved 2020-08-18.
"Kaija Saariaho: Works". saariaho.org. Retrieved 2020-08-18.
References
Saariaho
Montelíbano is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department of Colombia. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Montelíbano.
Montelíbano is host of one of the largest ferronickel mines. The Company Cerro Matoso S.A. operates the mine site, as well as the associated smelter.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Montelíbano
Montelíbano official website
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
"No Money in This Deal" is the debut single by country musician George Jones, released on February 18, 1954 on Starday Records.
A 1956 rerecorded version of this song would appear on Jones' fourth studio album release in May 1957.
Recording and composition
Just after a 22-year old Jones signed with Starday Records, he went to Beaumont, Texas to record for his first time. In the living room of producer Jack Starnes (co-founder of Starday), Jones and "The Western Cherokees" cut five songs, 2 unissued. The first of the recordings was "No Money in This Deal," a honky-tonk side that was penned by Jones himself. The songs displayed a great Lefty Frizzell influence, in the vocal styling of the early George and in the lyrics. The song was very similar to Frizzell's 1950 smash hit "If You've Got the Money (I've Got the Time)".
Jones mentions his sisters Joyce and Loyce in the song. “Oh, it was just one of them stupid things you write at the time," Jones explained to Nick Toches in the Texas Monthly in 1994. "Bunch of junk. It didn't seem like junk so much back in those days, but it would be junk today.” Despite being only a regional hit, the song launched Jones' career, although he was viewed as someone trying to sound too much like his heroes, Hank Williams, Frizzell, and Roy Acuff. Jones admitted in his 1996 autobiography: "I can't imagine being as nervous today as I was when I cut my first two songs for Starday at age twenty-two. When anybody gets nervous they rely on their reflexes, and I was no exception."
The b-side included the third song recorded during the January 19th Session titled: "You're in My Heart".
References
1954 songs
1954 debut singles
Songs written by George Jones
George Jones songs
Starday Records singles
Song recordings produced by Pappy Daily
Cyril Dimon (died 4 January 2005) was an Australian rugby league referee. Dimon began his refereeing career in the Newtown District Junior Rugby League. He was subsequently graded to referee in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL). He refereed nine first grade matches in 1961–1962. In his first game of 1962, Dimon was criticised by the players for the large number of scrum penalties. Dimon dismissed both hookers from the game. In 1963 Dimon, by then a touch judge, took over a first grade match from Col Pearce when Pearce damaged a knee tendon.
In July 1963, Dimon was a touch judge in the Test match between South Africa and Australia.
References
Year of birth missing
2005 deaths
People from New South Wales
Australian rugby league referees
Rugby league referees from Newtown
Kjartan Rødland (born 29 November 1938) is a Norwegian journalist and newspaper editor, and author of several books.
Career
Rødland was born in the village of Bolstadøyri in Voss. He started working as journalist from 1956, first in the newspaper Dagen, and then in Raumnes from 1957. He worked for the Bodø newspaper from 1960 to 1963, for Helgeland Arbeiderblad from 1963 to 1967, for Fædrelandsvennen in Kristiansand from 1967 to 1969, and for Bergens Tidende from 1969 to 1971. From 1972 to 1977 he was appointed head of the communications department in the municipality of Bergen. He was a chief editor of the newspaper Bergens Tidende from 1977 to 1986. He has written more than thirty books, mostly on regional issues.
Rødland was awarded the King's Medal of Merit in 2012.
References
1938 births
Living people
People from Voss
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian non-fiction writers
Bergens Tidende editors
is a private junior college in Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan. The junior college opened in April 1951 as a women's college. It became coeducational in 2000.
See also
List of junior colleges in Japan
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1951
Japanese junior colleges
1951 establishments in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Tin mining began early in the Bronze Age, as bronze is a copper-tin alloy. Tin is a relatively rare element in the Earth's crust, with approximately 2 ppm (parts per million), compared to iron with 50,000 ppm.
History
Tin extraction and use can be dated to the beginnings of the Bronze Age around 3000 BC, when it was observed that copper objects formed of polymetallic ores with different metal contents had different physical properties. The earliest bronze objects had tin or arsenic content of less than 2% and are therefore believed to be the result of unintentional alloying due to trace metal content in the copper ore It was soon discovered that the addition of tin or arsenic to copper increased its hardness and made casting much easier, which revolutionized metal working techniques and brought humanity from the Copper Age or Chalcolithic to the Bronze Age around 3000 BC. Early tin exploitation appears to have been centered on placer deposits of cassiterite.
The first evidence of tin use for making bronze appears in the Near East and the Balkans around 3000 BC. It is still unclear where the earliest tin was mined, as tin deposits are very rare and evidence of early mining is scarce. Europe's earliest mining district appears to be located in Erzgebirge, on the border between Germany and Czech Republic and is dated to 2500 BC. From there tin was traded north to the Baltic Sea and south to the Mediterranean following the Amber Road trading route. Tin mining knowledge spread to other European tin mining districts from Erzgebirge and evidence of tin mining begins to appear in Brittany, Devon and Cornwall, and in the Iberian Peninsula around 2000 BC. These deposits saw greater exploitation when they fell under Roman control between the third century BC and the first century AD. Demand for tin created a large and thriving network among Mediterranean cultures of Classical times. By the Medieval period, Iberia's and Germany's deposits lost importance and were largely forgotten while Devon and Cornwall began dominating the European tin market.
In the Far East, the tin belt stretching from Yunnan in China to the Malay Peninsula began being exploited sometime between the third and second millennium BC. The deposits in Yunnan were not mined until around 700 BC, but by the Han Dynasty had become the main source of tin in China according to historical texts of the Han, Jin, Tang, and Song dynasties.
Other regions of the world developed tin mining industries at a much later date. In Africa, the Bantu culture extracted, smelted and exported tin between the 11th and 15th centuries AD, in the Americas tin exploitation began around 1000 AD, and in Australia it began with the arrival of Europeans in the 18th century.
Modern times
During the Middle Ages, and again in the early 19th century, Cornwall was the major tin producer. This changed after large amounts of tin were found in the Bolivian tin belt and the east Asian tin belt, stretching from China through Thailand and Laos to Malaya and Indonesia. Tasmania also hosts deposits of historical importance, most notably Mount Bischoff and Renison Bell.
In 1931 the tin producers founded the International Tin Committee, followed in 1956 by the International Tin Council, an institution to control the tin market. After the collapse of the market in October 1985 the price for tin nearly halved.
Tin foil was once a common wrapping material for foods and drugs; replaced in the early 20th century by the use of aluminium foil, which is now commonly referred to as tin foil, hence one use of the slang term "tinnie" or "tinny" for a small aluminium metal open boat, a small pipe for use of a drug such as cannabis, or for a can of beer. Today, the word "tin" is often improperly used as a generic term for any silvery metal that comes in sheets. Most everyday materials that are commonly called "tin", such as aluminium foil, beverage cans, corrugated building sheathing and tin cans, are actually made of steel or aluminium, although tin cans (tinned cans) do contain a thin coating of tin to inhibit rust. Likewise, so-called "tin toys" are usually made of steel, and may have a coating of tin to inhibit rust. The original Ford Model T was known colloquially as the "Tin Lizzy".
Electronics
Because tin is used in solder, it is crucial to computers, smartphones, and all other electronic equipment. (For example, the Apple iPad uses 1-3 grams of tin in its 7000 solder points.) According to Apple Inc., tin is the most common metal used by that company's suppliers.
Production and smelting
In 2006, total worldwide tin mine production was 321,000 tons, and smelter production was 340,000 tons. From its production level of 186,300 tons in 1991, around where it had hovered for the previous decades, production of tin increased 89% to 351,800 tons in 2005. Most of the increase came from China and Indonesia, with the largest spike in 2004–2005, when it increased 23%. While in the 1970s Malaysia was the largest producer, with around a third of world production, it has steadily fallen, and now remains a major smelter and market center. In 2007, the People's Republic of China was the largest producer of tin, where the tin deposits are concentrated in the southeast Yunnan tin belt, with 43% of the world's share, followed by Indonesia, with an almost equal share, and Peru at a distant third, reports the USGS.
Future supply of tin
New deposits to support future production are somewhat limited. A significant new source of tin supply may come from the very high grade (>4% Sn) Alphamin Resources Bisie project in DRC, new discoveries in Myanmar and from Russia, primarily from the Komsomolsk Tin District in Khabarovsk Region. The Sobolinoye (Sable) Deposit, licensed to Sable Tin Resources is one of the main potential suppliers of tin in the near future. The deposit holds over 10 million tonnes at 0.88% tin (93000 tonnes) and 0.53% Copper. The resources were registered in 1987 and a feasibility study prepared in 1993 by a subsidiary of Norilsk Nickel but despite its vicinity to infrastructure a mine was never constructed due to economic and political reasons. The private Rusolovo holding company is also another potential major supplier as it ramps up production from its high grade (1.5% Sn) Pravoumirskoye mine, which is overcoming infrastructure obstacles. Another is the historical lower grade (0.6% Sn) Festivalnoye deposit which has recently re-commenced production; ore from this is being processed at the Gorniy processing plant; a third Russian source would be the Khinganskoye tailings project in the Jewish Autonomous Republic.
The table below shows the countries with the largest mine production and the largest smelter output. Further supplies may possibly come from the DRC, Nigeria and Rwanda.
[*Results from 2014 Australian F.Y]
After the discovery of tin in what is now Bisie, North Kivu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2002, illegal production has increased there to around 15,000 tons. This is largely fueling the ongoing and recent conflicts there, as well as affecting international markets. Tin is a conflict mineral, as defined by the US legislation to stop tin mining for causing conflicts.
Social and environmental impact
In August 2012 cover story in Bloomberg Businessweek stated that tin mining on the Indonesian island of Bangka was becoming more dangerous and destructive as cassiterite ore deposits became harder to get to. About one-third of all the tin mined in the world has come from Bangka and its sister island Belitung to the east.
As tin ore pits become deeper, the number of lethal cave-ins has risen. Approximately one tin miner a week was killed in Indonesia in 2011 — double the number of the year before. The low income of the miners and the mining operations—pickaxes and buckets are often the equipment used to gather the ore, and $5 US equivalent is a successful day's work—have meant safety measures such as terracing of pits have been ignored.
In addition, attacks by saltwater crocodiles are frequent in many of the pools around tin mines on both Bangka and Belitung. The islands have some of the highest rates of crocodile attack in the world, many occurring around tin mines and on mine workers.
Dredging for ore off the islands shores has churned up sediment which has buried coral reefs where fish live and harmed the local fishing industry. This is despite a prohibition on mining in waters within four miles of Bangka's shore.
Tin mining by country
Tin mining in Britain
Dartmoor tin-mining
Mining in Cornwall and Devon
Stannary Courts and Parliaments
Tin mining in Bolivia
Tin mining in Malaysia
Tin mining in Nigeria
See also
Black tin
White tin
International Tin Council
Notes
References
External links
TED Case Studies: Tin Mining In Malaysia - Present And Future
The History of Tin Mining
Stephen Asa Northway (June 19, 1833 – September 8, 1898) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1893 to 1898.
Early life
Born in Christian Hollow, New York, Northway moved with his parents in 1840 to the township of Orwell, Ohio.
He attended the district school, Kingsville Academy, and Orwell Academy.
He taught school.
He studied law.
Career
He was admitted to the bar in 1859 and commenced practice in Jefferson, Ohio.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Ashtabula County 1861-1865.
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1865 and 1866.
He resumed the practice of law.
Later life and death
Northway was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-third, Fifty-fourth, and Fifty-fifth Congresses and served from March 4, 1893, until his death in Jefferson, Ohio, on September 8, 1898.
He was interred in Oakdale Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
Sources
1833 births
1898 deaths
People from Orwell, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Jefferson, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Hausen is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kelheim (district)
The 10 states and 3 administrative areas of South Sudan are divided into 79 counties.
History
Before the independence of South Sudan from Sudan, the Counties known as Districts. Upon Independence in 2011, the 10 states of South Sudan were divided into 79 counties. More counties were established during the South Sudanese Civil War, when the country increased to 32 states, and the number of counties exceeded 100. However, with the return to 10 states and 3 administrative areas in 2020, South Sudan reverted to 79 counties.
Northern Bahr el Ghazal
Aweil Center County
Aweil East County
Aweil North County
Aweil South County
Aweil West County
Western Bahr el Ghazal
Jur River County
Raja County
Wau County
Lakes State
Awerial County
Cueibet County
Rumbek Center County
Rumbek East County
Rumbek North County
Wulu County
Yirol East County
Yirol West County
Warrap
Gogrial East County
Gogrial West County
Tonj East County
Tonj North County
Tonj South County
Twic County
Western Equatoria
Ezo County
Ibba County
Maridi County
Mundri East County
Mundri West County
Mvolo County
Nagero County
Nzara County
Tambura County
Yambio County
Central Equatoria
Juba County
Kajo Keji County
Lainya County
Morobo County
Terekeka County
Yei County
Eastern Equatoria
Budi County
Ikotos County
Kapoeta East County
Kapoeta North County
Kapoeta South County
Lafon County
Magwi County
Torit County
Jonglei
Akobo County
Ayod County
Bor County
Duk County
Fangak County
Nyirol County
Pigi County
Twic East County
Uror County
Unity State
Guit County
Koch County
Leer County
Mayiandit County
Mayom County
Panyijar County
Rubkona County
Upper Nile State
Baliet County
Fashoda County
Longechuk County
Maban County
Maiwut County
Malakal County
Manyo County
Melut County
Nasir County
Panykang County
Renk County
Ulang County
Ruweng Administrative Area
Abiemnom County
Panriang County
Pibor Administrative Area
Pibor County
Pochalla County
See also
Districts of Sudan
States of South Sudan
References
Map of Southern Sudan showing original county borders
Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly
Southern Sudan: Overview of States and Counties
South Sudan, Counties
South Sudan 3
Counties, South Sudan
Counties
The Feat. Best is the third greatest hits album by Japanese-American singer-songwriter Ai. It was released on November 2, 2016, by EMI Records. The album features 35 artists, including Japanese singers Namie Amuro, Thelma Aoyama, Miliyah Kato, Hikaru Utada, and Exile Atsushi. American artists such as Chaka Khan, Snoop Dogg, The Jacksons, Jeremih, and Boyz II Men also appear on the album.
Upon its release, the album peaked at number 33 on the Billboard Japan Hot Albums chart and number 28 on the Oricon Albums Chart. In support of the album, Ai embarked on The Best Tour, performing at various venues and locations in Japan.
Background and release
Earlier in 2016, a deluxe version of Ai's 2015 greatest hits album The Best was reissued, which included the sleeper hit promotional single "Minna ga Eiyū". In September 2016, Universal Japan announced Ai would be embarking on an anniversary tour, The Best Tour. Later that month, The Feat. Best was announced to be released alongside a triple a-side single, "Happy Christmas/Heiwa/Miracle". "Heiwa" was pre-released to digital stores as a promotional single to promote the release. Both the maxi single and greatest hits album were revealed to be released on November 2, 2016, which was the date of Ai's 35th birthday.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2016 greatest hits albums
Ai (singer) compilation albums
EMI Records compilation albums
Universal Music Group compilation albums
Universal Music Japan compilation albums
Albums produced by Ai (singer)
USS J. W. Wilder was a schooner captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a tender in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
Service history
J. W. Wilder was a British schooner captured about 15 miles east of Mobile Bay entrance 20 January 1862 by Union screw steamer . She was condemned and sold to the Navy by the New York City prize court 19 May 1863. J. W. Wilder used as a tender to ordnance ship Sportsman by the West Gulf Blockading Squadron.
References
Ships of the Union Navy
Tenders of the United States Navy
Schooners of the United States Navy
American Civil War auxiliary ships of the United States
Herochroma viridaria is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Frederic Moore in 1867. It is found in Malaysia, northern Thailand, northern Vietnam, Nepal and the Chinese provinces of Fujian, Hainan, Guangxi and Sichuan.
Subspecies
Herochroma viridaria peperata (Herbulot, 1989)
Herochroma viridaria viridaria Moore, 1867
References
External links
A study on the genus Herochroma Swinhoe in China, with descriptions of four new species (Lepidoptera: Geometridae: Geometrinae). Acta Entomologica Sinica
Moths described in 1867
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Asia
Mario Mantovan (born 8 May 1965) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1993 and 1994 Tour de France.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Como
The 1971 Croydon Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Note: One Alderman was elected as an independent in 1968, but was a Conservative by the time of this election.
Ward results
Addiscombe
Bensham Manor
Broad Green
Central
Coulsdon East
East
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Sanderstead & Selsdon
Sanderstead North
Shirley
South Norwood
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
The Prevention of Infiltration Law () is an Israeli law enacted in 1954, which deals with unauthorised entry of people into Israel, which it terms infiltration. The law defines offenses of armed and non-armed unauthorised entry to Israel. The law authorises the Minister of Defense to order the deportation of an infiltrator before or after conviction.
One of the objectives of the law was to prevent the entry of Palestinian refugees or their sympathizers (see fedayeen) into Israel and allows for their expulsion.
After the 1948 Arab–Israeli War and the 1948 Palestinian exodus, many Palestinians who either fled or were expelled from their homes, whether they had had altogether ventured beyond what became Israel (largely into the neighbouring Arab countries of Lebanon, Syria, Jordan and Egypt) or were internally displaced, tried for many years since then to return to the places they had left.
The law also originally designated Lebanon, Egypt, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iraq and Yemen as "enemy states". Egypt and Jordan were removed from the list after the signing of peace accords with these countries in 1978 and 1994, while Iran was added to the list after the 1979 Iranian Revolution. Israeli citizens may not visit countries designated as enemy states without a permit issued by the Israeli Interior Ministry. In January 2020, Israel's Minister of the Interior said Israeli citizens, both Muslims and Jews, can travel to Saudi Arabia for religious and business purposes. (These countries also generally ban entry of Israelis, though they have permitted entry in exceptional circumstances.)
The law was amended in 2013, in the context of Illegal immigration into Israel from Africa, setting limitations on the time an infiltrator could be detained, increasing the number of anti-infiltration enforcement officers, and increase compensation to infiltrators who willingly returned to their own countries.
Context
Palestinian infiltration into Israel began with Palestinian refugees of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, living in camps in Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Syria. Most of the infiltration at this time was economic in nature, with Palestinians crossing the border seeking food or the recovery of property lost in the 1948 war. Between 1948 and 1955, Palestinian infiltration into Israel was firmly opposed by Arab governments.
The problem of establishing and guarding the demarcation line separating the Gaza Strip from the Israeli-held Negev area, proved a vexing one: largely due to the presence of more than 200,000 Palestinian Arab refugees in the Gaza Strip. The terms of the Armistice Agreement restricted Egypt's use and deployment of regular armed forces in the Gaza Strip. In keeping with this restriction the Egyptian Government formed a Palestinian para-military police force, the Palestinian Border police, in December 1952. The Border police was under the command of 'Abd-al-Man'imi 'Abd-al-Ra'uf, a former Egyptian air brigade commander, member of the Muslim Brotherhood and member of the Revolutionary Council. 250 Palestinian volunteers started training in March 1953 with further volunteers coming forward for training in May and December 1953. Part of the Border police personnel were attached to the Military Governor's office and placed under 'Abd-al-'Azim al-Saharti to guard public installations in the Gaza Strip. It was only after Israel's raid on an Egyptian military outpost in Gaza in February 1955, in which 37 Egyptian soldiers were killed, that an Arab government—in this case the Egyptian—began to actively sponsor fedayeen raids into Israel. According to the Jewish Agency for Israel between 1951 and 1956, 400 Israelis were killed and 900 wounded in fedayeen attacks.
From time to time, too, the Israeli authorities arrested groups of Arabs who had stayed in the country without being granted Israeli nationality and pushed them over the frontier. These Arabs would often return and, through their relatives, obtain decisions from the Israeli courts allowing them to stay in Israel.
During the 1949–1956 period the motivation of infiltration was social or economic concerns.
For some time these practices continued to embarrass the Israeli authorities until finally they passed a law forbidding Palestinians to enter Israel, those who did so being regarded as "infiltrators.". Most of the people in question were refugees attempting to return to their homes inside Israel. Between 30,000 and 90,000 Palestinian refugees returned to Israel as a result. They wanted to return to what were their homes prior to the Arab–Israeli War, looking for their lost loved ones, harvesting crops from fields that were confiscated, and to reclaim property other than land. There were also Bedouin to whom the concept of newly established borders were foreign.
Arabs declare the infiltration into Israel's territory to have been a direct consequence to the displacement and dispossession of the Palestinian refugees during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. To Israel, the infiltration was a large problem. Israel's answer to this was to establish new settlements along the border and raze the abandoned Arab villages. A "free fire" policy towards infiltrators was adopted—a policy of shooting those crossing the international armistice line illegally. Eventually, the Israeli leadership came to the conclusion that only retaliatory strikes would be able to create the necessary deterrence, that would convince the Arab countries to prevent infiltration. Although the strikes were sometimes confined to military targets (particularly, at the later stages of the infiltration), numerous civilians were killed, prompting the question whether the strikes were a form of collective punishment.
Prevention of Infiltration Law
The Prevention of Infiltration (Offences and Jurisdiction) Law, 5714-1954 defined as an "infiltrator" anyone who (Article 1(a)):
...has entered Israel knowingly and unlawfully and who at any time between the 16th Kislev, 5708 (29 November 1947, i.e. the date of UNGA Resolution 181) and his entry was -
(1) a national or citizen of the Lebanon, Egypt, Syria, Saudi-Arabia, Trans-Jordan, Iraq or the Yemen ; or
(2) a resident or visitor in one of those countries or in any part of Palestine outside Israel ; or
(3) a Palestinian citizen or a Palestinian resident without nationality or citizenship or whose nationality or citizenship was doubtful and who, during the said period, left his ordinary place of residence in an area which has become a part of Israel for a place outside Israel.
According to COHRE and BADIL (p. 38), under the Prevention of Infiltration (Offences and Jurisdiction) Law, 5714-1954, the definition of 'infiltrators' corresponded closely with that of 'absentees'. The law established strict penalties for such 'infiltration'. Under this law, 'internal refugees' (Palestinians who were declared absent from their own villages but inside Palestine at the time Israel was created) were also barred from returning to their villages. When caught, these were then expelled from Israel. Over the ensuing years, several thousand internally displaced Palestinians were expelled in this manner, paving the way for Jewish immigration and colonisation of their lands.
According to Kirsbaum over the years, the Israeli Government has continued to cancel and modify some of the Defense (Emergency) Regulations of 1945, but mostly it has added more as it has continued to extend its declared state of emergency. For example, even though the Prevention of Infiltration Law of 1954 is not labelled as an official "Emergency Regulation", it extends the applicability of the Defence (Emergency) Regulation 112 of 1945 giving the Minister of Defence extraordinary powers of deportation for accused infiltrators even before they are convicted (Articles 30 & 32), and makes itself subject to cancellation when the Knesset ends the State of Emergency upon which all of the Emergency Regulations are dependent.
According to a Tel-Aviv University document the Law does not consider the motives of the person for crossing the border and entering Israel. It also enables the establishment of Tribunals for the Prevention of Infiltration, in which judges will preside who are military officers (but who do not necessarily possess legal knowledge) and enables the tribunal to deviate from the rules of evidence. The penalties for infiltration are severe—and may reach imprisonment for five years. The author states that in practice, no uniform practice is employed in relation to persons who cross the border and apply for asylum. Some have been held for periods of two or three years in prison, others have been released from prison on various conditions, while others have not been allowed to enter Israel at all and were returned to the place from which they came (in possible breach of the principle of non-refoulement).
A new government bill, updating the Infiltration Prevention Law, was passed in a vote after the first reading in the last Israeli Knesset term in May 2008, and is being debated in the Committee of Interior in preparation for the second vote and, if this passes, the final vote in the plenum. The bill would allow officers of the Israel Defense Forces to deport asylum seekers, many from Darfur, South Sudan, and Eritrea, back to Egypt. This could be done without providing for a Refugee Status Determination process, as required under in the 1951 Geneva Convention for the protection of Refugees. In the discussions in the Knesset committee, a UNHCR representative emphasized that the international community may criticize Israel if the law did not follow international law. This bill was dropped in July 2010.
A new amendment was brought into the Knesset, which was passed in first reading on 28 March 2011. The law was passed on 9 January 2012 and became law on June 3, 2012.
See also
Law of Return
1948 Palestinian exodus
Qibya massacre
Law of Israel
Basic Laws of Israel
Israeli military order 1650
Palestinian immigration (Israel)
References
External links
Authorized English translation of the law as passed in 1954
Israeli laws
2nd Knesset (1951–1955)
Terrorism laws
Counterterrorism in Israel
The following is a list of the monastic houses in South Yorkshire, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
History of South Yorkshire
England in the High Middle Ages
Medieval sites in England
Lists of buildings and structures in South Yorkshire
Yorkshire South
Yorkshire, South
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1538.
Events
December 20 – Pietro Bembo is made a Cardinal.
New books
Prose
Hélisenne de Crenne – Les Angoisses douloureuses qui procèdent d'amours
Sir Thomas Elyot – The dictionary of syr Thomas Eliot knyght (Latin to English)
Paracelsus – Astronomia Magna or the whole Philosophia Sagax of the Great and Little World
William Turner – Libellus de re herbaria (Handbook of Herbs)
Drama
John Bale
Kynge Johan, the earliest known English historical drama (in verse)
Three Laws of Nature, Moses and Christ, corrupted by the Sodomytes, Pharisees and Papystes most wicked
Georg Wickram – Der treue Eckart
Poetry
Hélisenne de Crenne – Les Angoisses douloureuses qui procèdent d'amours
Sir David Lyndsay – The Complaynte and Testament of a Popinjay
Clément Marot – Œuvres de Clément Marot
Births
December 10 – Giovanni Battista Guarini, Italian poet, dramatist and diplomat (died 1612)
Deaths
unknown dates
Germain de Brie, French humanist scholar and poet (born 1490)
Pierre Gringoire, French poet and playwright (born c.1475)
References
1538
1538 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
Mavropigi (Greek: Μαυροπηγή) is a village located 11 km southeast of Ptolemaida, in Kozani regional unit, within the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 740 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630. At the 2011 census, the population was 456.
Archaeologists recently discovered an intact tomb dating to the first century BC in the area of Mavropigi in West Macedonia's Kozani region.
The major discovery was made public by a statement issued recently by Kozani's Ephorate of Antiquities.
“During the ongoing excavations of the Ephorate of Antiquities of Kozani in the Mavropigi lignite mine, within the partially demolished modern settlement of Mavropigi, and specifically under the foundation of a house, important grave goods were discovered, dating to the end of the 1st century BC,” the statement notes.
The excavation will continue, but the Ephorate noted in its statement that the bronze funeral bier, found under the skeletal remains of the buried person, is unique, at least for Northern Greece. As a completely intact object, it represents a unique discovery for the whole of Greece, according to published archaeological data.
The broader region of Western Macedonia is covered in archaeological sites of great historical interest, and many excavations are currently underway to unearth even more significant discoveries, from many different eras of Greek history.
Categories: Archaeology, Featured, Greek news
Tags: Archaeologists, Archaeology, Greece, Greece news, Greek news, History, Kozani, Tomb, Western Macedonia
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
Rahimpur Bishdhan is a village in Bilhaur Tehsil, Kanpur Nagar district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 70 kilometers away from Kanpur Central railway station.
References
Villages in Kanpur Nagar district
In Japanese legend, a person who folds will be granted a wish by the gods. The thousand are joined by a length of string. Some stories believe a person who folds such cranes is granted happiness and eternal good luck, instead of just one wish, such as long life or recovery from illness or injury. This makes them popular gifts for family and close friends.
The crane in Japan is one of the mystical or holy creatures (others include the dragon and the tortoise) and is said to live for a thousand years: That is why 1000 cranes are made, one for each year. In some stories it is believed that the 1000 cranes must be completed within one year and they must all be made by the person (or group of people) who will make the wish at the end.
Cultural significance
A thousand paper cranes are often given to a person who is seriously ill, to wish for their recovery. They are usually created by friends, classmates, or colleagues as a collective effort. Another common use is for sport teams or athletes, wishing them victories. Cranes are a symbol of peace, and are thus often seen at war memorials.
Several temples, including some in Tokyo and Hiroshima, have eternal flames for world peace. At these temples, school groups or individuals often donate senbazuru to add to the prayer for peace. The cranes are left exposed to the elements, slowly becoming tattered and dissolving as symbolically, the wish is released. In this way, they are related to the prayer flags of India and Tibet.
The Japanese space agency JAXA used the folding of one thousand cranes as one of the tests for candidates of its astronaut program.
Sadako Sasaki
The one thousand origami cranes were originally popularized through the story of Sadako Sasaki, a Japanese girl who was two years old when she was exposed to radiation from the atomic bombing of Hiroshima during World War II. Sasaki soon developed leukemia and, at age 12 after spending a significant amount of time in a hospital, began making origami cranes with the goal of making one thousand, inspired by the senbazuru legend. In a fictionalized version of the story as told in the book Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes, she folded only 644 before she became too weak to fold anymore, and died on 25 of October 1955. To honor her memory, her classmates agreed to fold the remaining 356 cranes for her. In the version of the story told by her family and classmates, the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum states that she did complete the 1,000 cranes and continued past that when her wish failed to come true. There is a statue of Sadako holding a crane in Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park, and every year on Obon day, people leave cranes at the statue in memory of the departed spirits of their ancestors.
According to her family, and especially her older brother Masahiro Sasaki, who speaks on his sister's life at events, Sadako not only exceeded 644 cranes, she exceeded her goal of 1,000 and died having folded approximately 1,400 paper cranes. In his book, The Complete Story of Sadako Sasaki, co-written with Sue DiCicco, founder of the Peace Crane Project, Masahiro says Sadako exceeded her goal.
Materials
Sets of origami paper are sold widely in Japan, with senbazuru sets including about one thousand sheets of paper, string, and beads to place at the end of each string to stop the cranes from slipping off. Commonly, the cranes are assembled as 25 strings of 40 cranes each.
The size of the origami paper does not matter when assembling a thousand paper cranes, but smaller sheets consequently yield smaller and lighter strings of cranes. The most popular size for senbazuru is . Some people cut their own squares of paper from anything available, such as magazines, newspapers, notebooks, and printer paper.
Origami paper used for senbazuru is usually of a solid color, though patterned designs are available. Larger size origami paper, usually 6×6 inches, often has traditional Japanese or flower designs, reminiscent of kimono patterns.
See also
Children's Peace Monument
Kunihiko Kasahara (See Vol. 3 of his listed publications)
Orizuru
Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes
Sadako Sasaki
Notes and references
External links
1000 (number)
Japanese culture
Origami
Peace symbols
Culling animals in zoos is the process of segregating animals from a group according to desired or undesired characteristics; the process often ends with the segregated animals being killed. Several reasons are given for culling in zoos, including a lack of space, the genes of the culled animals are over-represented in the zoo population, the (young) animal might be attacked or killed, or the culled animals have contracted a disease.
Because animals in zoos are killed for many reasons, such as old age or disease, just as pet animals are often euthanized because of health problems, it is beyond the scope of this list to identify every case where an animal is killed in a zoo. The list focuses on controversial, unusual or otherwise noteworthy cases where the incident was reported in national or international sources.that also can be health problems and fatigue and emotions.
List
The following is a list of animals where their culling and euthanisation in zoos and wildlife (safari) parks has been covered by the general media.
Summary quotes
"...five giraffes have been put down by zoos in Denmark since 2012."
"Dr Lesley Dickie, executive director of EAZA, [said] that between 3,000 and 5,000 healthy animals are put down every year across Europe. 'That's our estimate for all animals management euthanised in the zoo, be it tadpoles up until a giraffe'. Among those killed were 22 healthy zebras, four hippos and two Arabian Oryxes were also put down. The Oryx were killed at Edinburgh and London zoos in 2000 and 2001."
See also
Animal euthanasia
References
External links
EAZA statement on euthanasisa.
Culled in zoos
The fire of Skopje started on 26 October 1689 and lasted for two days, burning much of the city; only some stone-built structures, such as the fortress and some churches and mosques, were relatively undamaged. The fire had a disastrous effect on the city: its population declined from around 60,000 to around 10,000, and it lost its regional importance as a trading centre. Many of them settled in the imperial capital, creating the Üsküp mahallesi (Turkish for "Skopje neighborhood").
In 1689 the Austrian general Enea Silvio Piccolomini led an army to capture Kosovo, Bosnia and Macedonia from the Ottoman Empire.
In the same time, successful development of Skopje was suddenly interrupted in 1689 by the entry of the Austrian army into Macedonia. During the Austrian-Turkish war (1683-1699), Austrian troops under the command of General Piccolomini penetrated in an unstoppable advance far into the interior of European Turkey and, after taking the fortress of Kaçanik, descended into the Skopje plain. On 25 October 1689, they took Skopje without much struggle, for the Turkish army and the inhabitants had left the town. By order of General Piccolomini, Skopje was set on fire, and the conflagration lasted two days (26 and 27 October); great many houses and shops were destroyed, but the worst damage was in the Jewish quarter of the town, where almost all the dwelling-houses, two synagogues and the Jewish school were destroyed.
During the Skopje offensive, General Piccolomini contracted and died from cholera.
Some accounts of these events state that Piccolomini razed Skopje due to an inability of his forces to occupy and govern a city so far from his headquarters.
Buildings damaged by the fire
Kapan Han
Skopje clock tower
İshak Bey Mosque
Yahya Pasha Mosque
Sultan Murad Mosque and its medrese
Suli An
Kursumli An
Skopje Bedesten
Arasta Mosque
Church of the Ascension of Jesus
References
External links
Дневник, 25.10.2008: „317 години од пожарот што го збриша градот“
„Денот што го турна Скопје во двовековен мрак“, „Нова Македонија“, 24.10.2009
Great Turkish War
Fire of 1689
Urban fires in Europe
1689 in the Ottoman Empire
1689 in Europe
1689 disasters
Skopje
Charles Guthrie may refer to:
Charles Guthrie, American athletic director for Akron Zips
Charles Guthrie, Baron Guthrie of Craigiebank (born 1938), British Field Marshal, former Chief of the Defence Staff
Charles Claude Guthrie (1880–1963), American physiologist
Charles John Guthrie, Lord Guthrie (1849–1920), Scottish judge
Avatha macrostidsa is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1913
Avatha
Moths of New Guinea
Rewind is the ninth studio album by American country music group Rascal Flatts. It was released on May 13, 2014 via Big Machine Records. The album was produced by Rascal Flatts, Howard Benson and Dann Huff. A deluxe edition is available at Target with four bonus tracks. With the exception of the deluxe edition track "She Must Like Broken Hearts", this is the group's only album to not feature any songwriting credits from the group themselves. It is their final album to be produced by Huff, whose relationship with the group began with their 2006 album Me and My Gang. This is the band's last album to top the Billboard Country Albums chart.
Critical reception
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic rated the album four stars out of five, writing that "it's hard not to succumb to Rascal Flatts' smooth touch." At Country Weekly, Bob Paxman graded the album a B+, stating that "Rewind is a great-sounding album that brings Flatts back to country's forefront." At USA Today, Brian Mansfield rated the album two-and-a-half stars out of four, remarking how "The trio retools its style with mixed results", yet its "High-flown ballads remain a strength, and Joe Don Rooney fans will thrill to his guitar work": however, "Elsewhere, the group just sounds as if like it's trying to keep up with the times."
Commercial performance
The album debuted at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 and No. 1 on the Top Country Albums chart with sales of 61,000 in the US. As of June 2015,
the album has sold 257,000 copies in the US.
Track listing
Personnel
Rascal Flatts
Jay DeMarcus – bass guitar, mandolin, programming, backing vocals
Gary LeVox – lead and backing vocals
Joe Don Rooney – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, backing vocals
Additional Musicians
Tim Akers – keyboards, acoustic piano
Howard Benson – keyboards, additional programming, backing vocals
Charles Judge – keyboards, synthesizers, accordion, Hammond B3 organ
Don Koch – programming
Kris Crunk – synthesizers, orchestra programming
James Matchack – synthesizers, orchestra programming
Gordon Mote – acoustic piano
Lenny Skolnik – programming
Rob McNelley – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Tim Pierce – additional guitars
Ilya Toshinsky – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, banjo, bouzouki, mandolin
Dan Dugmore – steel guitar
Paul Franklin – steel guitar
Dorian Crozier – drums
Josh Freese – drums
Eric Darken – percussion
Jeneé Fleener – fiddle
Kim Keyes – backing vocals
Gail Mayes – backing vocals
Drea Rhenee – backing vocals
Strings
David Campbell – arrangements and conductor
Suzie Katayama – contractor
John Catchings, Erika Duke-Kirkpatrick, Suzie Katayama, Steve Richards and Rudy Stein – cello
Jeneé Fleener, Matthew Funes and Roland Kato – viola
Kevin Connolly, Nina Evtuhov, Jeneé Fleener, Julian Hallmark, Songa Lee, Natalie Leggett, Mario de Leon, Grace Oh, Sara Parkins, Michele Richards and Josefina Vergara – violin
Technical Credits
Mike Plotnikoff – recording (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Sean Neff – recording (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Steve Churchyard – string recording
Hatsukazu Inagaki – additional engineer (1, 3, 5, 7, 9), overdub recording (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Dmitar Krnjaic – additional recording (1, 3, 5, 7, 9), recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Alexander Attalla – recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Anthony Diaz De Leon – recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Zack Foster – recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Anthony Martinez – recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Ernesto Olvera – recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
David Schwerkholt – recording assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Leland Elliott – overdub assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Nick Lane – recording assistant (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Taylor Nyquist – recording assistant (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Justin Niebank – mixing (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Keith Armstrong – mix assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Nik Karpen – mix assistant (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Drew Bollman – mix assistant (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Paul DeCarli – digital editing (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
David Huff – digital editing (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Adam Ayan – mastering
Marc VanGool – guitar technician (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Jon Nicholson – drum technician (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Additional Credits
Allison Jones – A&R (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Kelly King – A&R (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
Matt Griffin – production coordination (1, 3, 5, 7, 9)
LeAnn Bennett – production coordination (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Mike "Frog" Griffith – production coordination (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-13)
Sandi Spika Borchetta – art direction
John Murphy – art direction, wardrobe
Torne White – graphic design
Sheryl Nields – photography
Mellissa Schleicher – hair stylist, make-up
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2014 albums
Rascal Flatts albums
Big Machine Records albums
Albums produced by Howard Benson
The Bullfight (La Corrida) is an 1864-1865 oil on canvas painting by Édouard Manet, now in the Frick Collection in New York. Its dimensions are 48x60.4 cm. Like The Dead Man, it was originally part of a larger composition entitled Episode in a Bullfight. The scene was inspired by a trip that Manet took to Spain in the fall of 1865 for ten days. He described the bullfight he witnessed in a letter to Charles Baudelaire as "one of the finest, most curious and most terrifying sights to be seen."
The cutting
After having recut Épisode, Manet then reworked L'Homme mort, and cut La Corrida in such a way as to keep three bullfighters at the barrier: the first title chosen for this work was Toreros en action. But if he wanted to keep the men on foot, he had to cut almost the entire bull. The artist decided instead to cut off the feet of the bullfighter on the left and trim the crowd in the stands.
Bibliography
Anne Coffin Hanson, Manet and the Modern Tradition, New Haven and London, Yale University Press, 1977 ()
Theodore Reff, Manet's Incident in a Bullfight, New York: The Council of The Frick Collection Lecture Series, 2005 ()
Françoise Cachin, Charles S. Moffett and Juliet Wilson Bareau, Manet 1832-1883, Paris, Réunion des Musées Nationaux, 1983, 544 pp. ()
Adolphe Tabarant, Manet et ses œuvres, Paris, Gallimard, 1947, 600 pp.
Théophile Thoré-Burger and William Bürger, Salons de William Bürger, 1861-1868, avec une préface par Théophile Thoré, vol. 2, t. II, Paris, Jules Renouard, 1870
Claude Pichois and Jean Ziegler, Baudelaire, correspondance, vol. 2, t. II, Paris, Gallimard, 1973
References
Paintings by Édouard Manet
1864 paintings
1865 paintings
Paintings in the Frick Collection
Bullfighting in art
is a railway station operated by the Takamatsu-Kotohira Electric Railroad in Ayagawa, Kagawa, Japan. It is on the Kotohira Line.
Ridership
Adjacent stations
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1927
Railway stations in Kagawa Prefecture
Hristov or Khristov () is a Bulgarian surname meaning "son of Hristo" or "Hristo's". The female version of the surname is Hristova (, also spelled Khristova), which may refer to:
Hristov/Khristov
Aleksandar Khristov (born 1964), Bulgarian boxer
Andrea Hristov (born 1999), Bulgarian footballer
Dobri Hristov (1875-1941), Bulgarian composer
Gjorgji Hristov (born 1976), Macedonian footballer
Lazar Khristov (born 1954), Bulgarian sprint canoer
Marian Hristov (born 1973), Bulgarian footballer
Petko Hristov (born 1999), Bulgarian footballer
Raycho Khristov (born 1945), Bulgarian Olympic gymnast
Valentin Hristov (born 1956), Bulgarian weightlifter
Valentin Hristov (born 1994), Bulgarian-born Azerbaijani weightlifter
Hristova/Khristova
Hristina Hristova (born 1954), Bulgarian politician and former MEP
Ivanka Khristova (born 1941), Bulgarian shot putter
Magdalena Khristova (born 1977), Bulgarian long jumper and sprinter
Tsvetanka Khristova (1962–2008), Bulgarian discus thrower
See also
Bulgarian surname
Bulgarian-language surnames
Macedonian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
The 2017 Trofeo TCR Italy was the inaugural edition of the Trofeo TCR Italy run at the 2017 Bologna Motor Show. The event featured cars and teams from the TCR Italy Touring Car Championship duelling at a temporary racetrack. The event was won by Giacomo Altoè.
Entry List
Race
References
Trofeo TCR Italy
Trofeo TCR Italy
Kaytee Boyd (born 8 February 1978) is a New Zealand track and road cyclist.
Life
Boyd was born in Hamilton, New Zealand in 1978. Her first sport was mountain biking. She was lured away from mountain biking to take up track cycling where she quickly gained gold medals.
Boyd also rode the team pursuit at the 2008–2009 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics with Alison Shanks and Lauren Ellis in Beijing, in a time of 3:28.044, becoming the fastest qualifiers. They went on to take the gold medal in a time of 3:24.421, setting the second fastest time in the world behind the 3:22.425 world record set by Great Britain at Manchester in 2008.
In 2009, she was in the Italian cycling team Selle Italia Ghezzi.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hamilton, New Zealand
New Zealand female cyclists
Cyclists at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for New Zealand
This is a list of members of the Provisional People's Representative Council. Following the dissolution of the People's Representative Council of the United States of Indonesia, the member of the council automatically became members of the provisional council. In addition, members of the senate and the Supreme Advisory Council also became members of the temporary council, due to the dissolution of both government bodies.
Speakers and Deputy Speakers
List
References
Bibliography
Lists of political office-holders in Indonesia
Pharmacometrics is a field of study of the methodology and application of models for disease and pharmacological measurement. It uses mathematical models of biology, pharmacology, disease, and physiology to describe and quantify interactions between xenobiotics and patients (human and non-human), including beneficial effects and adverse effects. It is normally applied to quantify drug, disease and trial information to aid efficient drug development, regulatory decisions and rational drug treatment in patients.
Pharmacometrics uses models based on pharmacology, physiology and disease for quantitative analysis of interactions between drugs and patients. This involves Systems pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and disease progression with a focus on populations and variability.
Mould and Upton provide an overview of basic concepts in population modeling, simulation, and model-based drug development.
A major focus of pharmacometrics is to understand variability in drug response. Variability may be predictable (e.g. due to differences in body weight or kidney function) or apparently unpredictable (a reflection of current lack of knowledge).
Types of models
Pharmacokinetics (PK)
Models of pharmacokinetic processes.
Pharmacodynamics (PD)
Models of pharmacodynamic processes.
Physiologically based Pharmacokinetics
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic models
Exposure-response
Exposure-response models describe the relationship between exposure (or pharmacokinetics), response (or pharmacodynamics) for both desired and undesired effects. See also dose-response.
Disease progression
The natural time course of a disease is often dynamic, with the tendency to become worse without treatment. Disease progression models are mainly used to understand the relationship between treatment, biomarker changes and clinical outcomes. These models describe the disease trajectory, by observing the change in the biomarker level, or the other clinically relevant endpoint that reflects the disease status, over time. There are three key classes of disease progression models: empirical, semi-mechanistic, and systems biology. Most of the disease progression models are empirical, describing disease trajectory rather than the physiological background of the disease. The simplest model that is used to describe disease progression is a linear model, when the change of disease status over time is assumed to be constant.
Trial
Trial models describe variations from the nominal trial protocol due to things such as patient dropout and lack of adherence to the dosing regimen.
Organizations
Historically, pharmacometrics has been represented in related clinical pharmacology and statistics organizations. A number of smaller local organizations in Europe, United States, and New Zealand/Australia held local meetings. In the early 1990s, The PAGE meeting was organized and has been held yearly since then, although no official organization was present. Ette and Williams have provided a historical context from which the evolution of pharmacometrics can be appreciated.
In 2011, the American Society of Pharmacometrics (ASoP) was founded from a number of local American groups, and over 600 members worldwide joined ASoP within 6 months. In 2012, ASoP evolved to the International Society of Pharmacometrics (ISoP) to reflect the increasing number of international members. ISoP's growth continues and the Society currently represents over 1000 members from almost 30 countries around the world. Regional groups include PAGE in Europe and PAGANZ in Australia and New Zealand.
Pharmacometricians typically come from disciplines such as Pharmacy, Clinical pharmacology, Statistics, Medicine, or Engineering.
The first professor of pharmacometrics was Mats Karlsson, Uppsala University.
References
Pharmaceutical industry
Pharmacodynamics
Pharmacokinetics
Colonel Peter Gerahty CBE (1 September 1921 – 15 November 2013) was one of the last surviving British Army officers to have served with 6th Airborne Division in Operation Varsity on 24 March 1945: the largest airborne operation in the history of warfare, part of Operation Plunder: the Rhine Crossing in March 1945. He was later appointed a CBE for his work on combat development with the Ministry of Defence.
Biography
Peter Echlin Gerahty was born in Cyprus, the eldest son of Sir Charles Cyril Gerahty QC. He was educated at Malvern College, Malvern, Worcestershire. Gerahty was commissioned into the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry in September 1941 and was posted to the 5th Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry. He served with 9th Parachute Battalion from July 1944 to September 1944 when he transferred to the 2nd Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (the 52nd) and joined the battalion at Bulford, Wiltshire.
He served with the 2nd Ox and Bucks in the Ardennes and the Netherlands from December 1944 to February 1945. Gerahty took part in Operation Varsity: the gliderborne air assault landing over the River Rhine on 24 March 1945 which was the last major battle on the Western Front in the Second World War. He commanded the recce platoon, Letter C Company, 2nd Ox and Bucks, whose objective was Hamminkeln railway station; the scene of some of the fiercest fighting during Operation Varsity. He then took part in the advance across Germany to the Baltic Sea. In August 1945, Gerahty led the advance party of 2nd Ox and Bucks in India, preparing for an airborne assault in the East Asia, when the Japanese army surrendered.
He served as Adjutant of the 2nd Ox and Bucks in Palestine from October 1945 to September 1947. Gerahty was second-in-command of the 1st Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, 43rd and 52nd and the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) from July 1958 to July 1960. He served at HQ East Africa Command, in Kenya, from August 1960 to September 1962. He commanded the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (TA) from April 1963 to September 1965. Gerahty was promoted to Colonel in June 1969 and following posts at the Ministry of Defence he retired from the Army in September 1976. He was appointed MBE in June 1962 and CBE in the New Year Honours list 1977.
He married Arminell Morshead in 1952 with whom he was to have a son and daughter. He lived in Langport, Somerset.
Colonel Peter Gerahty CBE died on 15 November 2013.
References
1921 births
2013 deaths
People educated at Malvern College
Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British military personnel of the Palestine Emergency
British colonels
British expatriates in Cyprus
British people in colonial India
Nguyễn Trần Khánh Vân (born 25 February 1995) is a Vietnamese model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Vietnam 2019. She represented Vietnam at Miss Universe 2020 pageant and finished as a Top 21 semi-finalist.
Early life and education
Khánh Vân was born in Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon). She attended the Ho Chi Minh City University of Theater Stage and Cinema, where she saved the result from 2015.
Pageantry
Khánh Vân began her pageantry career in 2013, when she was crowned Miss Teen Áo dài Vietnam 2013, a Vietnamese beauty pageant where young women competed in the traditional áo dài national garment. Afterwards, she placed as the second runner-up in the Vietnamese pageant Miss Star 2014. Khánh Vân began participating in more major national pageants that year as well, placing in the Top 38 of Miss Vietnam 2014, and later in the Top 10 of Miss Universe Vietnam 2015.
In 2018, she competed in the Vietnamese model search competition Vietnam Supermodel 2018, in which she was mentored by Vietnamese singer and presenter Hương Giang. Khánh Vân advanced to the finale of the series until being declared one of the runners-up. A year later, she returned to pageantry and competed in Miss Universe Vietnam 2019. Khánh Vân advanced through the multiple stages of the competition, ultimately being crowned the winner by outgoing titleholder H'Hen Niê. As the winner of Miss Universe Vietnam 2019, she represented Vietnam at Miss Universe 2020.
Miss Universe 2020
The 69th Miss Universe competition was supposed to be held in 2020, but delayed to May 2021 due to the disruption of the COVID-19 pandemic. As the winner of Miss Universe Vietnam 2020, Khánh Vân joined Miss Universe 2020 at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida with other 73 women from around the world.
According to Miss Universe official website, Khánh Vân's biography is described as:
During the national costume competition on May 14, 2021, she impressed the audiences by wearing "Kén Em", a Cocoon costume inspired by the image of the silkworm cocoon used in silk weaving. "Kén Em" was 100 percent made using a meticulous hand-knitting technique, which also symbolizes the virtuous and patient spirit of the Vietnamese people. It was one of the six favorite national costumes chosen by Catriona Gray, the former Miss Universe 2018.
After the preliminary competition and a closed-door interview, she managed to enter top 21 semifinalists and received the highest number of fan votes in the history of Miss Universe.
References
External links
1994 births
21st-century Vietnamese actresses
Living people
Miss Universe 2020 contestants
People from Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnamese beauty pageant winners
Vietnamese female models
Vietnamese film actresses
Imma xanthosticha is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1936. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
References
Moths described in 1936
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Risoba hollowayi is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
Crown Shyness is the second studio album by British punk rock band Trash Boat, released on 20 July 2018 by Hopeless Records. It was produced by Andrew Wade at The Audio Compound in Orlando.
Background
Trash Boat announced their second studio album, Crown Shyness, on 14 May 2018 alongside the lead single "Shade". Their second single "Inside Out" was released on 20 June. The band released their third single "Old Soul" on 19 July
The album was released on 20 July, debuting at No. 2 on Billboard's Heatseekers Albums Chart.
Critical reception
The album received largely positive reviews.
The Soundboard Reviews in a positive review said: "Crown Shyness is a genuinely great album, not only seeing Trash Boat settle on an identity that works for them, but also moving away from pop-punk almost entirely, now dialing up the hardcore influences that's seen them get the most praise, as well as Wonder Years-esque alt-rock that makes this melancholy-drenched sound so much more secure in its intent."
In an 5/5 review from New Noise Magazine, Nathaniel Lay said: Trash Boat have a grittier, hardcore-influenced style of punk rock that combines the best elements of Polar Bear Club, Rise Against, and even Thrice. Their sophomore full-length with Hopeless, Crown Shyness, is a ten-track experience of pure bliss, perfectly blending melody and rage into one hard-hitting and memorable disc."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from Allmusic.
Trash Boat
Tobi Duncan – lead vocals
Ryan Hyslop – lead guitar
Dann Bostock – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
James Grayson – bass guitar, backing vocals
Oakley Moffatt – drums
Production
Andrew Wade – producer, mixing, engineer
Alan Douches – mastering
Sam Dunn – artwork, layout
Charts
References
2018 albums
Hopeless Records albums
Pulival Kalyanam () is a 2003 Indian Malayalam-language romantic comedy film directed by Shafi and written by Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas. The film stars Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan, with Lal, Lalu Alex, Jagathy Sreekumar, Harisree Ashokan, Salim Kumar and Cochin Haneefa in supporting roles. The plot follows star-crossed lovers Harikrishnan and Ganga, problems in their relationship has an equal effect on the people around them, often inadvertently. The music was composed by Berny-Ignatius.
It is considered one of the best comedy films made in Malayalam cinema and the character Manavalan played by Salim Kumar in the movie developed a cult following several years upon its release. The film was remade in Kannada as Chellata (2006).
Plot
Harikrishnan is the adopted younger brother of Karunan. When Karunan loses his right hand in an accident, Hari at a young age takes responsibility of his family. Karunan's sister, Sreekutti is in love with the son of Paramanandam, who is unscrupulous and demands a huge dowry for the marriage to be made possible. To make this marriage possible Harikrishnan and Karunan take a loan from a financier Manavalan and invest it in a fireworks business, only to lose it completely in a fire.
Simultaneously, Harikrishnan gets his phone muddled with Ganga on account of both the models being the same. Ganga's father Raghavendra Sett is the boss of Paramanandam. Hari and Ganga have loads of comical misunderstandings before falling in love and deciding to get married. Of course this is not acceptable to Raghavendra Sett, and he puts obstacles in their way. The rest of the film shows how Hari and Ganga overcome those obstacles, and get married.
Cast
Jayasurya as Harikrishnan/Hari, Ganga's love interest
Kavya Madhavan as Ganga/Kaveri, Hari's love interest
Lal as Karunan, Hari And Sreekutti's brother
Lalu Alex as Raghavendra Seth
Jagathy Sreekumar as Paramanandam
Harisree Ashokan as Theeppori Kuttappan, Hari's best friend
Salim Kumar as Manavalan
Cochin Haneefa as Dharmendra
Karthika as Sreekutty
Nishanth Sagar as Ramesh Prasad
T. P. Madhavan as Prasad
Jose Pellissery as Swamy
Kulappulli Leela as Kuttappan's Mother
Ponnamma Babu as Paramanandam's Wife
Kochu Preman as Santhosh Menon, Bank Manager
Narayanankutty as Jayan, Taxi Driver
Shaju Sreedhar as Murali
Reena as Doctor
Priyanka Anoop as Neelambari
Beena Sabu as Kuttappan's Wife
Arun Kumar as Young Harikrishnan
Dimple Rose as Young Sreekutty
Irshad as Chandrappan, Train Passenger
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack contains 6 songs, all composed by Berny Ignatius and Lyrics by Kaithapram.
Box office
The film was a commercial success at the box office.
Legacy
Pulival Kalyanam is regarded as one of the best comedy films made in Malayalam cinema, with a number of dialogues becoming catchphrases and characters and scenes frequently being used in internet memes and trolls. The character Manavalan played by Salim Kumar is considered one of the best comedy character in Malayalam movies and is a cult figure in social media.
References
External links
2000s Malayalam-language films
2003 romantic comedy-drama films
2003 films
Indian romantic comedy-drama films
Films scored by Berny–Ignatius
Malayalam films remade in other languages
Films about Indian weddings
Films shot in Kochi
Films directed by Shafi
2003 comedy films
2003 drama films
Saint Felician(us) of Foligno () (c. 160 – c. 250) is the patron saint of Foligno.
Biography
According to Christian tradition, he was born in Forum Flaminii (present-day San Giovanni Profiamma), on the Via Flaminia, of a Christian family, around 160. He was the spiritual student of Pope Eleuterus and evangelized in Foligno, Spello, Bevagna, Assisi, Perugia, Norcia, Plestia, Trevi, and Spoleto.
He was later consecrated bishop of Foligno by Pope Victor I around 204 (he was the first bishop to receive the pallium as a symbol of his office). He ordained Valentine of Terni as a priest. His episcopate lasted for more than 50 years; he was one of the first Christian bishops of northern Italy. He was arrested at the age of 94 for refusing to sacrifice to the Roman gods during the persecutions of Decius. He was tortured and scourged, and died outside Foligno while being conveyed to Rome for his execution.
Saint Messalina
Saint Messalina was a consecrated virgin who had received the religious veil from Felician. She cared for him during his imprisonment, and for this she was also arrested and clubbed to death when she refused to sacrifice to the Roman gods.
Veneration
A church was built over his grave at Foligno. His relics were transferred to Metz on October 4, 970. In 965 some relics were translated to Minden in Germany; Felician was thus erroneously considered a bishop of that German city (and he had a separate feast day of October 20), an error that entered the Roman Martyrology. Some of his relics were later returned to Foligno in 1673–4.
Foligno Cathedral preserves a statue of the saint, of silver and bronze, made by the sculptor Giovanni Battista Maini.
Notes
External links
Felician of Foligno
San Feliciano di Foligno
San Feliciano
3rd-century Italian bishops
Bishops of Foligno
160 births
250 deaths
3rd-century Christian martyrs
Jakob may refer to:
People
Jakob (given name), including a list of people with the name
Jakob (surname), including a list of people with the name
Other
Jakob (band), a New Zealand band, and the title of their 1999 EP
Max Jakob Memorial Award, annual award to scholars in the field of heat transfer
Ohel Jakob synagogue (Munich)
See also
Jacob (disambiguation)
St. Jacob (disambiguation)
O'Melveny Park is a public park located in the Santa Susana Mountains, in the Granada Hills community of the northern San Fernando Valley, in the northernmost portion of the City of Los Angeles, California.
History
The park is named after Henry W. O'Melveny, in 1927 one of the original members of the California State Parks Commission. Originally called C.J. Ranch, O'Melveny Park was purchased in 1941 by attorney John O'Melveny of O'Melveny & Myers and later acquired by The Trust for Public Land and turned into a park.
Park
O'Melveny Park is the second largest public park in Los Angeles after Griffith Park. O'Melveny Park is managed by the City of Los Angeles Department of Recreation and Parks.
It provides large grassy areas, picnic tables, and is known for its hiking and horse trails and the views they lead to. Near the entrance is a grove of citrus trees, nearly all of which are Grapefruit.
A caretaker resides in a residence in the park.
See also
Santa Susana Mountains
California chaparral and woodlands - Ecoregion
Chaparral - plant community
California oak woodland - plant community
Oaks - List of Quercus species
Quercus agrifolia
References
External links
Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy
City of Los Angeles Department of Recreation and Parks
Parks in the San Fernando Valley
Santa Susana Mountains
Granada Hills, Los Angeles
Parks in Los Angeles County, California
Regional parks in California
The men's masters competition for bowling at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines was held on 6 December 2019 at Coronado Lanes, Starmall EDSA-Shaw.
Schedule
All times are Philippine Standard Time (UTC+8).
Results
Preliminary
Detailed result as in below:
Stepladder finals
References
Men's masters
John Parsons (baptised 6 July 1761 – 12 March 1819) was an English churchman and academic, Master of Balliol College, Oxford, from 1798, and Bishop of Peterborough from 1813.
Life
He was son of Isaac Parsons, butler of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and his wife Alice; born in the parish of St Aldate's, Oxford, he was baptised in St Aldate's Church on 6 July 1761. He received his early education, first at the school attached to Christ Church, Oxford, and subsequently at Magdalen College School. In his 16th year, he was admitted to Wadham College on 26 June 1777, and was elected a scholar of the college on 30 June 1780. He graduated from BA in 1782, and MA in 1785. His other degrees were BD and D.D., both in 1799. He was elected Fellow of Balliol College on 29 November 1785, and in July 1797 was presented by the college to the united livings of All Saints and St Leonard's, Colchester. On 14 November 1798, he was elected Master of Balliol, an office he held till his death. From 1807 to 1810, he was Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.
An academic reformer, he made college examination a reality, and in conjunction with John Eveleigh, Provost of Oriel College he gave a lead to the University, elaborating the examination Statute of 1801, by which university honours were for the first time awarded for real merit; and he was one of the first examiners, the earliest class list under the new system appearing in 1802. He was for many years a leading member of the Hebdomadal board. Richard Jenkyns, who succeeded him as Master, was tutor under him, and when Parsons was made a bishop was appointed Vice-Master, seconding his administration of the College. In national politics, he was a strong Tory, firmly opposed to Catholic emancipation. He was the senior of the three heads of houses who, on the death of William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland in 1809, proposed John Scott, 1st Earl of Eldon for the chancellorship of the university, to which William Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville was elected.
In 1810, he was appointed to the deanery of Bristol, and in 1812 he was presented to the chapter living of Weare in Somerset, which he held in commendam till his death. In 1813, he was raised to the bishopric of Peterborough, on the death of Spencer Madan, helped by the influence of Lord Eldon. He supported the National Society for the Education of the Poor, with Provost Eveleigh; and Parsons, together with Joshua Watson, is credited with drawing up in 1812 the terms of union for the district committees of the provincial schools.
In the House of Lords he seldom spoke, but was active on committees. He died at Oxford on 12 March 1819, and was buried in the chapel of Balliol College, where a monument was erected by John Bacon.
Works
Only two of his sermons were printed; all his manuscript sermons were burnt after his death, by his express desire. In the acrimonious controversy concerning the 1784 Bampton Lectures of Joseph White, the Arabic professor, of which Samuel Badcock was asserted to have been the author, and portions of which were claimed by Samuel Parr, Parsons was appointed one of the arbitrators, but declined to act; and it was believed that he also had a share in the lectures, as Parr knew.
Family
On 22 January 1798, Parsons married Elizabeth Parsons, probably a cousin, at St Aldates church. He left no children by his wife, who survived him.
References
Sources
1761 births
1819 deaths
People from Oxford
People educated at Magdalen College School, Oxford
Alumni of Wadham College, Oxford
Bishops of Peterborough
Deans of Bristol
Fellows of Balliol College, Oxford
Masters of Balliol College, Oxford
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford
Rischbieth is a surname, in Germany pronounced something like "rishbeet", but many Australian descendants use "rishbeeth".
People who share this name includes:
Bessie Rischbieth (1874–1967), Australian feminist and social activist
Charles Rischbieth (1835–1893), South Australian businessman, born in Germany
Henry Wills Rischbieth (1869–1925), Australian grazier and wool merchant
Nick Rischbieth, bass guitarist with the Sacred Cowboys
Oswald Rishbeth (1886–1946), geographer, born Rischbieth
Other uses
Charles Rischbieth Jury (1893–1958), poet and academic, born in South Australia
Below are the squads for the 2013 Toulon Tournament. Each team had to submit a maximum of 22 players.
Players in boldface have been capped at full international level at some point in their career.
Group A
Colombia
Coach: Carlos Restrepo
Congo DR
Coach: Sébastien Migné
France
Coach: Willy Sagnol
South Korea
Coach: Lee Kwang-Jong
United States
Coach: Tab Ramos
Group B
Belgium
Coach: Johan Walem
Brazil
Coach: Alexandre Gallo
Mexico
Coach: Sergio Almaguer
Nigeria
Coach: John Obuh
Portugal
Coach: Edgar Borges
Footnotes
Toulon Tournament squads
Squad
Nikos Kokolodimitrakis (born 7 April 1981) is a Greek retired handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Greek male handball players
Olympic handball players of Greece
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Chania
Ten Hills is a neighborhood in west Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
West Baltimore
Pingasa chlora, the white looper moth or flower-eating caterpillar, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Caspar Stoll in 1782. It is found Sundaland, the Philippines, Sulawesi and from the Moluccas to Queensland, Australia.
Larvae have been reared on leaves of Euroschinus and from Flindersia species. It is considered a pest on Nephelium lappaceum and Litchi chinensis in Australia. Other recorded food plants include Euroschinus falcata, Rhodomyrtus tomentosa and Flindersia schottiana.
Subspecies
Pingasa chlora chlora (Stoll, 1782)
Pingasa chlora candidaria Warren, 1894
Pingasa chlora subdentata Warren, 1894
Pingasa chlora sublimbata (Butler, 1882)
References
External links
Moths described in 1782
Pseudoterpnini
Albert Heikenwälder (17 July 1898 – 1 July 1953) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1923.
References
External links
1898 births
1953 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Ramli bin Ngah Talib (born 16 March 1941) is a Malaysian politician who was active in the United Malays National Organisation. He served as the 8th Menteri Besar (Chief Minister) of Perak from 1982 to 1999 and was the Speaker of the Dewan Rakyat of the Malaysian Parliament from 2004 to 2008.
Early life & career
Born in the Malaysian rural heartland of Pasir Salak, Perak, he was raised in a kampong upbringing. Both his great grandfather Tok Anjang Pelita and great great grandfather Dato' Sagor, Dato Maharaja Lela and other Malay warriors were involved in the rebellion against British occupation in Malaya, resulting in the killing of the first British Resident of Perak, Mr. J. W. W. Birch on 2 November 1875.
With the essential qualification he was accepted to the school of his choice, furthering his studies at the Malay College, Kuala Kangsar. Successful, he pursued his studies in Law at Queen's University University, Belfast where he obtained an LL.B. (Hons) before obtaining his Barrister-at-Law degree at Lincoln's Inn, London. In the 1960s whilst in the United Kingdom, he was active in the Students Union in Belfast of Northern Ireland, the political secretary and magazine editor of Kesatuan Melayu United Kingdom(United Kingdom Malay Students Association) based in London. On returning to Malaysia, he became a Law Lecturer at the Institute Technology Mara (now known as UITM) and a part-time lecturer at the University of Malaya in the early 70's. In 1971 he became the first inhouse legal advisor of Lembaga Letrik Negara (now known as TNB) and at the same time he became qualified as an Advocate and Solicitor of the High Court of Malaya. He started practising law in Kadir, Tan & Ramli which he co-founded in 1977. Around this time he was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of Utusan Melayu, a Malay mainstream media and a member of the Board of Directors of Lembaga Lektrik Negara (now Tenaga Nasional Bhd), the country's biggest power utility company.
Politics
Tan Sri Ramli was first elected as Perak State Assemblyman for his area Kg. Gajah Perak, in 1978, then appointed as a member of the State Executive Council, Perak. In the first year of the second term as State Assemblyman, he has reached the pinnacle of his chosen vocation by being appointed as the Menteri Besar (Chief Minister) of Perak and remained as one for more than 17 years, the longest serving Chief Minister of Perak. He became a Member of Malaysian Parliament in 2004 for the Pasir Salak constituency. During the first term as a Member of Parliament, he was appointed as head of the public custodian committee as Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee. In 2004 as a Member of Parliament, he was elected by the Dewan Rakyat (House of Representatives) as its Speaker.
On the literary front, when he was the Chief Minister of Perak, he wrote a book entitled ‘Pasir Salak: Sehamparan Sejarah Perjuangan', a book about the Malay rebellion against British rule in Perak on 2 November 1875, and at the same time he also produced assortments of pamphlets and booklets on tourism for Pasir Salak and Perak. At the end of 2010, he completed a book written in Malay entitled ‘Meniti Zaman' (Going Through Eras). Here he describes the beautiful, simple but tough rural life during and after the Japanese occupation. The people of his village endured a harsh rural life, right up to the time when he entered politics in the 1970s. His next acclaimed book, ‘Mr. Speaker, Sir; From Kampung Boy to the Helm of Parliament' was published in 2012. In it he describes in vivid details the proceedings in Parliament in a manner not done before; the technicalities, the political posturings and the unanswered questions. He also contributed as a writer for the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association magazine.
The Pasir Salak Historical complex, consisting of 42 dioramas carved on wood depicting all the important events in the history of Malaysia and the Malays was built on his instructions in the early 1990s. It is the first of its kind and is certainly very instructive in this aspect of Malaysian history. His stress on bringing in more institutions of higher education to Perak saw him inviting ITM (now UITM-University Teknologi Mara ) to establish their first campus in Perak by giving shop houses belonging to the State Government free of rent. Some years later land was made avlaible in Sri Iskandar, Perak for UITM permanent campus. Among other more notable projects he helped to promote when he was the Chief Minister of Perak were the constructions of Proton City in Tanjung Malim, the Lumut Port, educational facilities like Universiti Sains Malaysia (later taken over by Petronas University), Universiti Pendidikan Sultan Idris, Tanjung Malim (UPSI), the development of Meru Raya at Ipoh, the Pasir Salak Historical Complex and the development of rural centers and the promotion of industrial centers including those in the rural areas. He however likes more to be remembered as having eradicated hardcore poverty in Perak in 1996.
His sporting activities varied from badminton, football, hiking, trekking, playing polo and flying ultra-light planes and small aircraft. He has a license to fly both types of aircraft which he had obtained in 2002. He is also the President of the Perak Aero Club and the President of Malaysia Chess Federation since 2007. He was President of Perak Football Association which saw Perak winning the first Malaysia cup. In 2007 while still a Speaker of Malaysian Parliament, he took time off to climb Malaysian Peninsula's highest mountain, Gunung Tahan. Other areas where he partakes, is mountain trekking in Norway, Bhutan and Nepal.
In 1986, he was awarded the title Dato' Seri Maharaja Lela Mangkubumi by a panel of Acheh's customary chiefs for promoting good relations between Acheh and Perak. In 1996 he was awarded the Honorary Doctor of Laws LL.D. (Hon.) by the University of Sheffield, United Kingdom for promoting closer relation between Perak and Sheffield University and also for promoting cooperation in the joint establishment of the Perak Medical College in Ipoh with Sheffield University.
In politics, among other posts he was the Chairman of Perak UMNO Liaison Committee from 1984-2000 and a member of the UMNO Supreme Council from 1980-2006. In 2014 he was appointed as the Pro-Chancellor of the University of Malaya. He is also a permanent member of Dewan Negara Perak (Privy Council Perak) and a holder of the title Orang Kaya-Kaya Seri Agar Diraja (Dato' Sagor), which he inherited from his great great grandfather Dato' Sagor.
For his services he was awarded SPSA (Dato' Seri DiRaja) by the Sultan of Perak and PSM (Tan Sri) by the Yang di-Pertuan Agung. He was also awarded the J.P (Justice of the Peace), the SPCM (Dato' Seri) by the Sultan of Perak and a holder of Paul Harris Fellowship.
Election results
Honours
Honours of Malaysia
:
Member of the Order of the Defender of the Realm (AMN) (1980)
Commander of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia (PSM) – Tan Sri (1989)
:
Commander of the Order of Cura Si Manja Kini (PCM) (1982)
Grand Knight of the Order of Cura Si Manja Kini (SPCM) – Dato' Seri (1984)
Justice of the Peace (JP) (1986)
Ordinary Class of the Perak Family Order of Sultan Azlan Shah (SPSA) – Dato' Seri DiRaja (2000)
References
Chief Ministers of Perak
Living people
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Speakers of the Dewan Rakyat
1941 births
United Malays National Organisation politicians
People from Perak
Members of the Dewan Rakyat
Members of the Perak State Legislative Assembly
Perak state executive councillors
Commanders of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia
Members of the Order of the Defender of the Realm
Diodata Malvasia (c. 1532 - post-1617) was a nun within the convent of San Mattia in Bologna, Italy. She lived during the period of ecclesiastical reform that arose from the Council of Trent. She is known for being a prolific author, having published Brief Discourse on What Occurred to the Most Reverend Sisters of the Joined Convents of San Mattia and San Luca from the year 1573 (1575) and The Arrival and the Miraculous Workings of the Glorious Image of the Virgin Painted by Saint Luke (1617), and for having been involved in other literary works of her time.
Early life
Diodata Malvasia was born sometime in the early 1530s to Count Annibale Malvasia and Giulia Alamandini, making her from noble lineage and from families well represented in the Bolognese senate. Little else is known about her before she professed and became a nun.
San Mattia
Malvasia professed at San Mattia in 1547, as it was common for noble families to place daughters in convents. She served as subprioress, an official position below that of prioress, of the convent of San Mattia at the time that she signed the dedicatory of her first known work: Brief Discourse on What Occurred to the Most Reverend Sisters of the Joined Convents of San Mattia and San Luca from the year 1573. She would serve as prioress at San Mattia in 1592, 1606, 1611, and 1613 as well.
San Luca
San Luca was the sister convent of San Mattia, namesake and home to the Madonna of San Luca, the miraculous icon brought to Bologna in the late twelfth century, the subject of Malvasia's second piece of work, The Arrival and the Miraculous Workings of the Glorious Image of the Virgin Painted by Saint Luke. During the period following the Council of Trent there was a large movement to dissolve convents across Europe, and both San Mattia and San Luca were threatened with this fate. This threat is what prompted Malvasia to create Brief Discourse, collecting letters from the sisters of San Mattia advocating to protect San Luca from being closed and to allow them to keep the Miraculous Madonna. While Malvasia was writing on what was done to keep convents alive during Tridentine reforms, San Luca took up many boarders following the period of the Council of Trent. Part of the Reformation brought on by the Council of Trent was also a movement for more education, and for both sexes. However, a place to teach girls separate from boys was needed, and here the convents stepped in, finding a way to keep themselves useful to society and to remain open. These boarders likely would eventually carry on the tradition of San Luca and San Mattia, and are certainly part of the audience who is a Malvasia wrote her works for.
Works
Malvasia is one of only a few of published women in the post-Tridentine era. While some former nuns joined the pamphlet propaganda against convents defending their decisions, Malvasia instead presents the perspective of a woman who chose to remain within the convent and who worked with her sisters to keep their way of life.
Her first piece was entitled A Brief Discourse on What Occurred to the Most Reverend Sisters of the Joined Convents of San Mattia and San Luca from the year 1573. It is a chronicle that recounts the campaign Malvasia waged with her sisters against the enactment of proposed ecclesiastical reform that arose in the period following the Council of Trent: in this case, forced enclosure and seizure of their preternatural Marian icon.
In A Brief Discourse Malvasia gives commentary and provides letters written by nuns to many illustrious officials, including Lord Filippo Guastavillani, and the Pope himself, Pope Gregory XIII. Her introduction to the piece claims that she is writing this and bringing these letters together not only as a historical document, but as a way to instruct nuns in the future should they ever face tribulations, as she states:“And so that this truth might appear even more clearly, I resolve to put down on paper in readable form all of our actions: not for you, who were present, but for you who will come after us, so that they might see clearly and touch with their hands our travails and our blessings, and the manner in which we helped ourselves.”
The Arrival and the Miraculous Workings of the Glorious Image of the Virgin Painted by Saint Luke: relates the miracles performed by the Madonna of San Luca, a painting attributed to the Evangelist and held in custodianship by the nuns of Malvasia's convent. Published in 1617, this work is what made Malvasia join a tradition of religious women who had played a role in Italy's literary canon. In The Arrival Malvasia does not hesitate to directly link her sisters' own history with that of the Madonna, which can be seen as a way for her to relate the modern day struggles of nuns to the hardships faced by figures in legends and myths of the church. There were many copies of The Arrival found in Italy, which suggests that her published work had a fairly impressive print run and might well have enjoyed a substantial circulation. Within The Arrival there are also examples of Malvasia's poetry, most of which is Marian verse - verse that exemplified Mary's role and held her up as dignifying womankind - as was common for female poets of this time.
Malvasia is also thought to be involved in the 1579 reprint and expansion of the most famous history of the Madonna of San Luca, L'historia della Madonna San Luca, composed by Leandro Alberti. Published under the title Cronichetta, there is a substantial addition from an unidentified “most reverend religious”. It is thought that this anonymous author may be Malvasia herself. There is also a new dedicatory letter, signed by the prioress and sisters of San Mattia and San Luca. Malvasia may also have been involved in a poetic anthology by the intellectual Ascanip Persio which included Malvasia's contemporary women writers Chiara Matraini and Lucrezia Marinella. It seems like Malvasia found her way into these projects in an effort to engage them or even reappropriate them for her own purposes in her continued defense of the sisters of San Mattia and San Luca.
In the second edition of Santi Riccetelli's Chronicle of all that Occurred Regarding the Gloriou Madonna of San Luca of the Monte della Guardia (1574), Malvasia appears again as the text is preceded by a dedicatory letter signed by the sisters of San Mattia and San Luca.
Bibliography
Callegari, Danielle, and Shannon Mchugh. "'Se Fossimo Tante Meretrici': The Rhetoric of Resistance in Diodata Malvasia's Convent Narrative." Italian Studies 66, no. 1 (2011): 21-39.
Cox, Virginia (2011). The Prodigious Muse: Women's Writing in Counter-reformation Italy. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Leonard, Amy (2005). Nails in the Wall. University of Chicago Press. pp. 12–13.
Malvasia, Diodata (2015). Writings on the Sisters of San Luca and Their Miraculous Madonna. Translated by Danielle Callegari and Shannon McHugh. Toronto, Ontario: Iter Academic Press.
Strocchia, Sharon T. "Taken into Custody: Girls and Convent Guardianship in Renaissance Florence." Renaissance Studies 17, no. 2 (2003): 177-200
Further reading
Bohn, Babette. "Female Self-portraiture in Early Modern Bologna." Renaissance Studies 18, no. 2 (2004): 239-86.
Alberti, Leandro. Cronichetta della gloriosa Madonna di S. Luca del Monte della Guardia di Bologna, et de' suoi miracoli dal suo principio insino all'anno MDLXXVII … scritta dal R.P. Leandro Alberti et accresciuta da un r. religioso. Venice: Guerra, 1579. Reprint Bologna: Rossi, 1598.
Fantuzzi, Giovanni. Notizi degli scrittori bolognesi. 9 vols. in 4. Bologna: San Tommaso d'Aquino, 1781-1794. Reprint, 9 vols. in 4, Bologna: A. Forni, 1965.
Persio, Ascanio and Giuli Segni. Componimenti potici volgari, latini, greci di diversi sopra la santa imagine della beata Vergine dipinta da San Luca. Bologna: Bennacci, 1601.
Riccetelli, Santi. Cronica di tutto il successo della gloriosa Madonna di San Luca del Monte della Guardia. Bologna: Benacci, 1572.
References
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
People from Bologna
For Groin see:
Groin (human body)
Groin attack (technique)
Groyne (sea wall or river training structure)
Groin vault, a type of vaulted chamber in medieval architecture
Nathembo, or Sakati (Sangaji), is a Bantu language spoken by the Makua people of Mozambique.
References
Makua languages
Languages of Mozambique
Alfred is a masculine given name of English origin, a modern descendant of the Anglo-Saxon name Ælfræd (), formed from the Germanic words ælf, meaning "elf", and ræd, meaning "counsel". Its feminine form originating from Romance languages is Alfreda, and diminutives of Alfred include Al, Alf, Alfie, Fred, and Freddy. After the 11th-Century Norman Conquest, many variants of the name emerged, most of which were not carried to the modern day. Today, Alfred is still in regular usage in a number of different regions, especially Great Britain, Africa, Scandinavia, and North America. This name is one of the few Old English names that came into common use in Europe. Its name day is 3 January both in Norway and Sweden.
Cognates
Ælfræd (Anglo-Saxon)
Alfreð (Icelandic)
Alfréd (Hungarian, Slovakian)
Alfred (Catalan)
Alfredo (Italian, Portuguese, Spanish)
Alfrēds (Latvian)
Alfredas (Lithuanian)
Alfredi (Albanian)
Fredo (diminutive of Alfredo)
Given name
Royalty and politicians
Alfred the Great, 9th-century King of Wessex
Alfred Aetheling (died 1036), son of King Ethelred II of England
Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (1844–1900), second son and fourth child of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
Alfred, Hereditary Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, grandson of Queen Victoria and son of Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
Alfred A. Lama (1899–1984), Italian-American architect and politician
Alfred Bansard des Bois (1848–1920), French politician
Alfred Winsor Brown, governor of Guam
Alfred Deakin (1856–1919), 2nd Prime Minister of Australia
Alfred Joseph Richard de Soysa (1869-1939), Sri Lankan Sinhala landowner and member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon
Alfred Dregger (1920–2002), German politician
Alfred Gusenbauer (born 1960), Austrian politician
Alfred Käärmann (1922–2010), Estonian freedom fighter
Alf Landon, American politician
Alfred Lecerf, Belgian politician
Alfred Mtsi (1950/1951–2020), South African politician
Al Smith, American statesman
Alfred Solstad (1884-1973), American farmer and politician
Alfred Graf von Schlieffen (1833–1913), German field marshal and strategist
Writers and philosophers
Alfred Bester, American science fiction author
Alfred de Musset (1810–1857), French romantic poet and playwright
Alfred de Vigny (1797–1863), French romantic poet
Alfred Jarry, French writer and founder of 'pataphysics
Alfred Rosenberg (1893–1946), German Nazi theorist
Alfred, Lord Tennyson (1809–1892), British poet
Alfred North Whitehead, English analytic philosopher and mathematician, co-author of Principia Mathematica
Athletes
Alfred Aboya (born 1985), Cameroonian basketball player
Alfred Bloch (born 1877), French Olympic footballer
Alfred Butch Lee (born 1956), retired Puerto Rican basketball player
Alfred Eissler (1896–1954), American football player
Alfred Kipketer (born 1996), Kenyan middle-distance runner and 2013 world youth champion
Alfred Kivisaar (1953–2021), Estonian badminton player
Alfred Kuchevsky (1931–2000), Soviet professional ice hockey player
Alfred McCullough (born 1989), American football player
Alfred Morris (born 1988), American football player
Alfred Neuland (1895–1966), Estonian weightlifter
Alfred Puusaag (1897–1951), Estonian weightlifter
Alf Ramsey (1920–1999), English football manager
Alfred Schmidt (1898–1972), Estonian weightlifter
Alfred Skrobisch (1913–1991), American fencer
Alfred Stöhrmann (1882–1914), German football player
Alfred Tetteh (born 1975), Ghanaian boxer
Businessmen
Alfred O. Deshong (1837-1913), American businessman, philanthropist and art collector
Alfred Fielding, inventor of Bubble Wrap
Alfred Ford (born 1950), heir to the Ford family fortune
Alfred S. Hart (1904–1979), American businessman and banker
Alfred Herrhausen (1930–1989), German banker
Alfred Lindon (–1948), businessman and art collector
Alfred Lion (1908–1987), American record executive
Alfred Pisani (born 1939), Maltese businessman and hotelier
Alfred Sung (born 1948), Canadian fashion designer and businessman
Artists and entertainers
Alfred Biolek (1934–2021), German entertainer and television producer
Alfred Gerald Caplin (1909–1979), American cartoonist and humorist better known as "Al Capp"
Alfred Eisenstaedt (1898-1995), German-born American photographer and photojournalist
Alfred Edirimanne (1929-2000), Sri Lankan Sinhala cinema actor and politician
Alfred Hill, English comedian better known as "Benny Hill"
Alfred Hirv (1880–1918), Estonian painter
Alfred Hitchcock (1899–1980), English film director
Alfred Koerppen (1926–2022), German organist, composer, and teacher
Alfred Leslie (born 1927), American artist and filmmaker
Alfred Molina (born 1953), British-American actor
Alfred Rasser (1907–1977), Swiss comedian, radio personality, and actor
Alfred Ryder (1916–1995), American film, radio, and television actor
Alfred Schnittke (1934–1998), German-Soviet composer
Alfred Stieglitz (1864–1946), American photographer and modern art promoter
Alfred Fred Momotenko (born 1970), Russian-Dutch composer
Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic (born 1959), American parody–comedy musician
Alfred Enoch (born 1988), British actor
Military people
Alfred Dreyfus (1859-1935), French Jewish artillery officer wrongly accused of treason
Alfred Jodl (1890–1946), German Wehrmacht general who was executed at the Nuremberg trials
Alfred Thayer Mahan (1840–1914), American naval strategist and historian
Alfred K. Newman (1924–2019), United States Marine and Navajo code talker
Alfred Saalwächter (1883–1945), German naval officer executed for war crimes
Alfred Trzebinski (1902–1946), German SS physician at several Nazi concentration camps executed for war crimes
Alfred Zeidler (born 1909), German SS concentration camp commandant
Scientists
Alfred L. Elwyn (1804-1884), American physician and pioneer in the training and care of mentally disabled people
Alfred Douglas Hardy (1870–1958), Australian botanist
Alfred Kinsey (1894–1956), American entomologist, zoologist, and human sexuality researcher
Alfred Marshall (1842–1924), English economist
Alfred Newton (1829–1907), English zoologist and ornithologist
Alfred Nobel (1833–1896), Swedish chemist and engineer
Alfred Wilhelm Volkmann (1801–1877), German physiologist, anatomist, and philosopher
Alfred Russel Wallace (1823–1913), British naturalist, explorer, geographer, anthropologist, and biologist
Alfred Wegener (1880–1930), German earth and weather scientist
Fictional characters
Alfred, alchemist and playable character in Bloodstained: Curse of the Moon
Alfred, Sartan character from the novel Dragon Wing and other books of The Death Gate Cycle
Alfred, nickname of the nature spirit Demonreach, a minor character in The Dresden Files
Alfred, character in the video game Fatal Fury (series)
Alfred the Hot Water Bottle, from Australian children's television series Johnson and Friends
Alfred, major character, a penguin, in the Franco-Belgian comic strip Zig et Puce
Alfred Alembick, character from King Ottokar's Sceptre
Alfred Doolittle, father of Eliza Doolittle in Pygmalion and My Fair Lady
Alfred Hedgehog, main character of the French-Canadian animated TV series The Mysteries of Alfred Hedgehog
Alfred F. Jones, personification of the United States of America and leader of the Allied Powers in the anime Hetalia by Hidekaz Himaruya
Alfred J. Kwak, main character of the eponymous Dutch-Japanese anime television series
Alfred E. Neuman, mascot and iconic cover boy of Mad magazine
Alfred Pennyworth, butler to DC Comics superhero Batman
Other
Alfred of Sareshel (12th–13th century), translator, born in England, moved to Spain
Alfred of Sherborne (10th century), English bishop
Alfred Francis (before 1909-after 1919), Welsh rugby player
Sir Alfred Mehran (born 1946), birth name Mehran Karimi Nasseri, Iranian refugee
Alfred Packer (1842–1907), American cannibal
Alfred Westou, (11th century), English priest and relic collector
Alfred Worden (1932–2020), American astronaut, business executive, and author
Surname
Mike Alfred (poet), a South African poet
See also
Alfredo
References
Old English personal names
English masculine given names
French masculine given names
German masculine given names
Dutch masculine given names
Estonian masculine given names
Faroese masculine given names
Scandinavian masculine given names
Swedish masculine given names
Danish masculine given names
Norwegian masculine given names
cs:Alfréd
es:Alfredo (nombre)
eo:Alfredo
fr:Alfréd
gl:Alfredo
it:Alfredo
la:Alfredus
hu:Alfréd
ja:アルフレッド
scn:Arfredu (nomu)
sk:Alfréd
Setup Squad is a 2011 American reality television series from the LGBT-interest network Logo. The series follows the owner and staff of Wings, Inc., a dating agency in New York City specializing in professional dating experts or "wingmen" who give their clients a dating make-over.
Cast
Renee Lee
Jonathan Lovitz
Lauretta Nkwocha
Helen Hong
Meredith Schlosser
Episodes
References
2010s American reality television series
2011 American television series debuts
Logo TV original programming
The Carrot River is a river in north-eastern Saskatchewan, and north-western Manitoba. Its headwaters originate in the Cudworth and Tiger Hill Plains near the Town of Wakaw. The outlet of Wakaw Lake marks the beginning of the Carrot River and, from there, this river flows northeast through the Melfort and Red Earth Plains until it joins into the Saskatchewan River west of The Pas, Manitoba. The Carrot River is about 300 km in length and it parallels the course of the South Saskatchewan and Saskatchewan Rivers.
The Carrot River serves as the main watershed for north-eastern Saskatchewan as all smaller streams and rivers empty into the Carrot River. This causes major flood problems during the spring run off and rainy seasons around the Town of Carrot River and Red Earth Indian Reserve. The floods usually strand everyone east of the river with very few ways around the flooded area.
Another Carrot River enters Oxford Lake on the Hayes River.
History
The Carrot River valley was initially inhabited by Cree and Saulteaux Aboriginal people. English fur trader and explorer Henry Kelsey explored the river in the summer of 1691. Louis de la Corne, Chevalier de la Corne and Anthony Henday also explored the valley during the 1750s.
Fossils and historical finds
During the 1980s the Royal Saskatchewan Museum explored the banks and rock edges of the Carrot River, because a local farmer had been finding numerous fossils in that area. The tests on the found fossils showed them to be approximately 92 million years old. The sites along the Carrot River proved to be some of the wealthiest deposits of fossils and showed deposits from numerous other species including sharks and fish.
The most notable find was in 1991, when the Royal Saskatchewan Museum and the Canadian Museum of Nature unearthed the six-metre fossil skeleton of an ancient crocodile, a Terminonaris robustus specimen named "Big Bert". Big Bert turned out to be very well-preserved and the only one of its kind found in Canada. They also found a complete fossil of Xiphactinus and toothed birds.
Fish
The fish species include walleye, yellow perch, northern pike, burbot and white sucker.
See also
List of rivers of Manitoba
List of rivers of Saskatchewan
References
External links
Town of Carrot River
Royal Saskatchewan Museum - Pasquia Hills Project
Saskatchewan Watershed Advisories and Flood Warnings
Fish Species of Saskatchewan
Rivers of Saskatchewan
Rivers of Northern Manitoba
Tributaries of Hudson Bay
Saskatchewan River
Part III of Constitution of Nepal describes about Fundamental rights and Duties of Nepalese citizens.
Article 16 to Article 46 of the Nepalese constitution guarantees 31 fundamental rights to Nepalese people. These include freedom to live with dignity, freedom of speech and expression, religious and cultural freedom, right against untouchability and discrimination etc. Article 48 describes duties of every Nepalese. It says safeguard the nationality, sovereignty and
integrity of Nepal.
Rights described in constitution
Right to live with dignity (16)
Right to freedom (17)
Right to equality (18)
Right to communication (19)I
Right relating to justice (20)
Right of a victim of a crime (21)
Right against torture (22)
Right against preventive detention (23)
Right against untouchability and discrimination (24)
Right relating to property (25)
Right to religious freedom (26)
12.Right to information (27)
13. Right to privacy (28)
14. Right against exploitation (29)
15. Right to clean environment (30)
16. Right to education (31)
17.Right to language and culture (32)
18. Right to employment (33)
19.Right to labor (34)
20.Right to health (35)
21.Right to food (36)
22.Right to shelter (37)
23.Right of women (38)
24.Right of children (39)
25.Right of Dalits (40)
26.Right of senior citizen (41)
27.Right to social justice (42)
28.Right to social security (43)
29.Right of consumer (44)
30.Right against banishment (45)
31.Right to constitutional remedies (46)
References
Constitution of Nepal
Human rights in Nepal
Jacob Pitzer Cowan (March 20, 1823 – July 9, 1895) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
Born in Florence, Washington County, Pennsylvania Cowan attended the common schools.
He moved with his parents to Steubenville, Ohio, in 1835.
He engaged in the manufacture of woolens until 1843.
He studied medicine.
In 1846 moved to Ashland County, Ohio, where he commenced the practice of his profession.
He was graduated from Starling Medical College, Columbus, Ohio, March 6, 1855.
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1855-1857.
He resumed the practice of medicine in 1859.
Cowan was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1875 – March 3, 1877).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Militia (Forty-fourth Congress).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1876.
He again engaged in the practice of medicine in Ashland, Ohio, where he died July 9, 1895.
He was interred in Ashland Cemetery.
Sources
1823 births
1895 deaths
People from Ashland, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Physicians from Ohio
Politicians from Steubenville, Ohio
People from Washington County, Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Ohio State University College of Medicine alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
ICFAI University, Sikkim is located in Gangtok in Sikkim, India.
References
External links
Universities and colleges in Sikkim
Universities in Sikkim
2004 establishments in Sikkim
Buildings and structures in Gangtok
Educational institutions established in 2004
Private universities in India
This is a list of episodes of the science fiction anime television series Noein. The series was produced by Satelight and directed by Kazuki Akane. with the opening and ending sequences directed by Kenji Yasuda. The opening theme is "Idea" by Eufonius, and the ending theme is by Solua. The series was originally broadcast in Japan on Chiba TV in 24 episodes between 12 October 2005 and 29 March 2006. It was released in Japan on DVD by Bandai Entertainment.
Noein is licensed in English by Manga Entertainment. It was broadcast in the United States by the Sci Fi Channel as part of Ani-Monday programming block starting on 18 June 2007, and in Australia on ABC2 started on 21 August 2007. In North America, the series was released on five Region 1 DVDs, the last released on 18 September 2007. In the United Kingdom, the first three volumes were sold individually, while the last two can only be purchased as part of a series collection.
Episode list
References
External links
Official Japanese Noein website
Official English Noein website
Noein
In Fijian mythology, Nabagatai is a village on the road to Bulu, where the souls of the dead live (Williams and Calvert 1858:245).
See also
Bulu (Fijian mythology)
Burotu
References
T. Williams, J. Calvert, Fiji and the Fijians, Heylin, 1858.
Fijian mythology
Underworld
Psychology of the Unconscious () is an early work of Carl Jung, first published in 1912. The English translation by Beatrice M. Hinkle appeared in 1916 under the full title of Psychology of the Unconscious: a study of the transformations and symbolisms of the libido, a contribution to the history of the evolution of thought (London: Kegan Paul Trench Trubner). Hinkle's translation was reissued in 1992 as supplementary volume B to The Collected Works of C. G. Jung.
In 1952 Jung published a thoroughly revised version of the work, which was translated into English in 1956 as Symbols of Transformation, reissued as volume five of the Collected Works.
The book illustrates a theoretical divergence between Jung and Freud on the nature of the libido, and its publication led to a break in the friendship between the two men, both stating that the other was unable to admit he could possibly be wrong.
Overview
According to Jung, his work is an "extended commentary on a practical analysis of the prodromal stages of schizophrenia."
The analysis is of the Miller Fantasies; the fantasies of Miss Frank Miller, an American woman Jung did not know, but whose writings he had encountered in the work of Théodore Flournoy.
Jung wrote in his 1924 edition of the book that Miller's unusual name was a "pseudonym," which it was not. Miller, named for her father, was an Alabama-born performer and lecturer who often gave "speeches" in character as various cultural and historical figures. She published a few of her most vivid historic fantasies, with her own comments and impressions, in 1905 with an introduction by Flournoy. Jung explains their crucially significant mythological content and portending influence, declaring that Miller exhibited signs of "prodromal" stages of schizophrenia, and predicting that she would eventually suffer a schizophrenic breakdown. Jung was wrong; although Miller would indeed later receive psychiatric treatment, it was not for a diagnosis of schizophrenia.
The Miller Fantasies are included as an appendix in Symbols of Transformation.
Jung would later acknowledge that in closely delving into the Miller Fantasies, he was in fact—without admitting it to himself—trying to analyze the same critical questions about his own psyche.
References
Works by Carl Jung
1912 non-fiction books
1916 non-fiction books
Books about the unconscious mind
Energy and instincts
Maximilian Funke-Kaiser (born 17 August 1993) is a German politician for the FDP and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Funke-Kaiser was born in 1993 in Augsburg and graduated from the University of Augsburg. He was elected to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1993 births
Politicians from Augsburg
Free Democratic Party (Germany) politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
University of Augsburg alumni
This page details the match results and statistics of the Brazil national football team from 1970 to 1989.
Key
Key to matches
Att.=Match attendance
(H)=Home ground
(A)=Away ground
(N)=Neutral ground
Key to record by opponent
Pld=Games played
W=Games won
D=Games drawn
L=Games lost
GF=Goals for
GA=Goals against
Results
Brazil's score is shown first in each case.
Notes
Record by opponent
References
Brazil national football team results
Lugalshaengur (, Lugal-sha-engur), (c. 2600 BCE), was ensi (governor) of the Sumerian city-state of Lagash.
The First dynasty of Lagash is dated to the 25th century BCE. Lugalshaengur wastributary to Mesilim. Following the hegemony of Mesannepada of Ur, Ur-Nanshe succeeded Lugalshaengur as the new high priest of Lagash and achieved independence, making himself king. He defeated Ur and captured the king of Umma, Pabilgaltuk.
Lugalshaengur is known by an inscription on the head of a mace dedicated by King Mesilim of Kish, who was therefore contemporary with him.
See also
History of Sumer
References
Bibliography
Vojtech Zamarovský, Na počiatku bol Sumer, Mladé letá, 1968 Bratislava
Plamen Rusev, Mesalim, Lugal Na Kish: Politicheska Istoriia Na Ranen Shumer (XXVIII-XXVI V. Pr. N. E.), Faber, 2001 (LanguageBulgarian) [(Mesalim, Lugal of Kish. Political History of Early Sumer (XXVIII–XXVI century BC.)]
Kings of Lagash
25th-century BC Sumerian kings
Johan Bellemans is a Belgian former Olympic sailor and physician who became known for the announcement of "discovery" of the anterolateral ligament, already discovered by French doctor Paul Segond in 1879 . He discovered it along with Steven Claes in 2013, after a 134-year period of study for a missing part.
In 2002 he also discovered the reason for limited flexion that is frequently noted after knee replacement surgery, and the concept of posterior condylar offset was originated by him.
In 2014 he introduced the theory of constitutional alignment, which fundamentally changed modern thinking in knee surgery.
He also was influential in the development of the fourth generation artificial knees, and developed the bicruciate stabilised Journey Knee system.
Currently he works as an orthopedic surgeon in a regional hospital in Genk, Belgium after his highly mediatized resigning in both Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and UZ Leuven.
In 1992 he represented Belgium at the 1992 Summer Olympics. Together with his brother Dirk Bellemans he participated in the 470 competition, and ended in 18th position.
References
Living people
Belgian orthopaedic surgeons
Year of birth missing (living people)
Belgian male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Belgium
Sailors at the 1992 Summer Olympics – 470
Ethiopian Airlines Flight 604 was a scheduled Addis Ababa–Bahir Dar–Asmara flight in which the aircraft caught fire during a belly landing at Bahir Dar Airport, Bahir Dar, Ethiopia, on 15 September 1988.
Aircraft
The aircraft involved in the accident was a Boeing 737-260, registration ET-AJA, delivered new to Ethiopian Airlines. At the time of the accident the aircraft was less than a year old.
Accident description
On , the aircraft was scheduled to operate the second leg of a domestic Addis Ababa–Bahir Dar–Asmara passenger service with 98 passengers and 6 crew members on board. Both engines of the aircraft ingested a flock of speckled pigeons as it took off from Bahir Dar Airport, and subsequently overheated. One of the engines immediately lost thrust, while the other did so on the emergency return to the departure airport. During a gear-up landing, the aircraft caught fire.
There is some discrepancy over the death toll depending upon the source, as this number is claimed to be 35 or 31. The discrepancy likely arose because four bodies could not be recovered. All of the fatalities were among the passengers.
See also
Ethiopian Airlines accidents and incidents
Ural Airlines Flight 178 – 2019 accident after both engines failed following a bird strike shortly after takeoff
US Airways Flight 1549 – 2009 accident after both engines failed following a bird strike shortly after takeoff
Scandinavian Airlines Flight 751 - 1991 accident after both engines failed following ice ingestion shortly after takeoff
Eastern Air Lines Flight 375 – 1960 accident after the aircraft suffered a bird strike shortly after takeoff
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1988
Aviation accidents and incidents in Ethiopia
1988 in Ethiopia
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 737 Original
605
September 1988 events in Africa
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by bird strikes
Airliner accidents and incidents involving belly landings
Saint-Georges, often unofficially known as Saint-Georges-de-Champlain, was a former village municipality and is now a sector (secteur) of the city of Shawinigan.
Until 1919, Saint-Georges had been known as Village Turcotte. It merged with Shawinigan in a municipal amalgamation on January 1, 2002. In the Canada 1996 Census its population was 3,929.
Mayors
From 1916 to 2001, Saint-Georges had its own mayor and its own city council. The mayors were:
References
Neighbourhoods in Shawinigan
Former municipalities in Quebec
Former towns in Canada
Populated places disestablished in 2002
Keshishkend or Keshishkent may refer to:
Gegharot, Armenia
Yeghegnadzor, Armenia
Keşişkənd, Azerbaijan
was the second (and last) head of the Higashifushimi-no-miya, an ōke cadet branch of the Japanese imperial family.
Early life
Born on September 19, 1867, as seventeenth (and posthumous) son of Prince Fushimi Kuniie, head of the Fushimi-no-miya, one of the shinnōke branches of the Imperial Family of Japan, which were eligible to succeed to the Chrysanthemum Throne in the event that the main line should die out. He was a younger half-brother of Field Marshal Prince Komatsu Akihito, Prince Kuni Asahiko, General Prince Kitashirakawa Yoshihisa, Field Marshal Prince Kan'in Kotohito and Field Marshal Prince Fushimi Sadanaru.
Originally styled "Prince Fushimi Sadamaro", he was adopted into the Yamashina-no-miya household in 1869, followed by the Komatsu-no-miya house in 1885. He was then adopted by Emperor Meiji as a potential heir to the throne in 1886. He succeeded to the Higashifushimi-no-miya title upon the death of the first head, Prince Komatsu Akihito, on February 3, 1903.
King David Kalākaua, the last reigning king of the Kingdom of Hawaii, visited Japan during his round-the-world tour of 1881. He was the first foreign head of state to visit Japan. During his visit, he proposed a marital alliance between the royal houses of Japan and Hawai'i, wherein his niece (Princess Ka'iulani) would marry Prince Higashifushimi Yorihito (then styled Prince Yamashina Yorihito). Nothing came of the proposal, which might have made a significant impact on the eventual fate of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Military career
Prince Higashifushimi Yoshihito attended the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy briefly, but was then sent to study at Dartmouth Royal Naval College in Great Britain. He lived in France from 1887 to 1890 and graduated from the École Navale. He returned to Japan on October 7, 1891. After serving on the various vessels in the Imperial Japanese Navy, including combat duty in the First Sino-Japanese War, he became executive officer of the armored frigate Fusō (1901). As captain of the from January 12, 1905, and later than captain of (1905), he served in combat during the Russo-Japanese War, for which he was awarded with the Order of the Golden Kite (3rd Class). After the end of the war, he served as captain of , before joining the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff in 1906. He was promoted to rear admiral on December 1, 1909.
Prince and Princess Higashifushimi represented Emperor Meiji at the coronation ceremonies of King George V of Great Britain (June 30, 1911).
After his promotion to vice admiral on August 31, 1913, he served as Commander in Chief of the Yokosuka Naval District in 1916, and Commander in Chief of the IJN 2nd Fleet in 1917. Promoted to admiral on July 2, 1918, he made one last trip to the United Kingdom from 1918 to 1919, and he was given the posthumous title of marshal admiral and the Collar of the Supreme Order of the Chrysanthemum on his death on June 27, 1922.
Marriage and family
On February 10, 1898, Prince Higashifushimi Yorihito married Iwakura Kaneko (1876–1955), the eldest daughter of Prince Iwakura Tomomi. As the couple remained childless, the Higashifushimi-no-miya lineage became extinct with the death of Prince Yorihito.
In 1931, Emperor Hirohito directed his brother-in-law, Prince Kuni Kunihide, to leave Imperial Family status and become Count Higashifushimi Kunihide (hakushaku under the kazoku peerage system), to prevent the Higashifushimi name from dying out.
Dowager Princess Higashifushimi Kaneko became a commoner on October 14, 1947, with the abolition of the cadet branches of the Imperial Family by the American occupation authorities. She died in Tokyo in 1955.
Notes
References
; OCLC 12311985
External links
1867 births
1922 deaths
People from Kyoto
Japanese princes
Higashifushimi-no-miya
Imperial Japanese Navy marshal admirals
Japanese military personnel of the First Sino-Japanese War
Japanese military personnel of the Russo-Japanese War
People of Meiji-period Japan
Recipients of the Order of the Golden Kite
Recipients of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Grand Crosses of the Order of the Dannebrog
Grand Crosses of the Order of Vasa
{{Infobox person
| name = Babs Simpson
| birth_name = Beatrice Crosby de Mendocal
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Beijing, China
| death_date =
| death_place = Rye, New York
| occupation = Magazine editor
| employer = Harper's BazaarVogueHouse & Garden}}
Babs Simpson (born Beatrice Crosby de Menocal; – ) was an American magazine editor. She is best known for her 25-year tenure at Vogue as a fashion editor.
Biography
The oldest of four children, Simpson was born in 1913 in Beijing (then called Peking), China, to Daniel Ammen de Menocal, a banker from an aristocratic Cuban family, and Beatrice (Crosby) de Menocal, a New York City socialite. The family lived in South America before settling in Boston, Massachusetts.
Simpson married William Simpson in 1935 and moved to Locust Valley, New York; they divorced seven years later. In 1944, two years after moving to Manhattan, Simpson obtained (through a friend) a position at Harper's Bazaar, working in a photographer's studio. She was then hired to work for the magazine itself, under editor Carmel Snow.
In 1947, she left Harper's Bazaar to work at Vogue, where she would remain until 1972. As a fashion editor, Simpson covered fashion shows and produced photo shoots. She collaborated with the photographer Irving Penn on many of his iconic images. She styled what would become Marilyn Monroe's final photo shoot, photographed by Bert Stern a month before her death.
After leaving Vogue, Simpson worked at House & Garden magazine from 1972 until it was shuttered in 1993.
In 2006, at the age of 93, Simpson became the oldest person to be featured in Vogue, when she appeared in its annual Age Issue. In 2012, at age 99, she was featured in In Vogue: The Editor's Eye, an HBO documentary about the fashion editors at Vogue''.
Simpson was in a 35-year relationship with art dealer Paul Magriel; they lived in separate apartments in the same Manhattan apartment building throughout their relationship and did not marry. Simpson owned a Paul Lester Weiner-designed modernist home in Amagansett, New York, built for her in 1963. She spent her later years in a retirement community in Rye, New York. She died on January 7, 2019, at the age of 105, in Rye.
References
1913 births
2019 deaths
Vogue (magazine) people
Fashion editors
American centenarians
Women centenarians
American women editors
American magazine editors
Women magazine editors
People from Beijing
American people of Cuban descent
21st-century American women
American expatriates in China
Yan Wei (born 4 October 1973) is a retired Chinese middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.
She finished tenth at the 1993 World Championships, won the 1993 Asian Championships and took the silver at the 1994 Asian Games.
Her personal best time was 3:58.74 minutes, achieved in October 1997 in Shanghai.
References
1973 births
Living people
Chinese female middle-distance runners
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
A referendum concerning the reduction of the members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly was put to voters on 16 December 1903, in conjunction with the 1903 federal election. The referendum was conducted on the basis of optional preferential voting. However, preferences were not counted, as an overwhelming majority voted to reduce the number of members to 90.
The question
The text of the question was:
As to what shall be the number of Members of the Legislative Assembly.
Which of the following numbers do you prefer, and what is the order of your preference?
Results
The referendum was overwhelmingly in favour of reducing the number of members to 90.
Aftermath
The referendum did not provide how the reduction of members was to occur. Parliament was recalled to decide how to give effect to the referendum, and passed the Electorates Redistribution Act 1904 which provided the districts were to be determined by three electoral districts commissioners. The proposed districts were published by the commissioners on 18 March 1904, and the final districts were published on 22 April 1904.
See also
Referendums in Australia
References
1903 elections in Australia
1903 referendums
Referendums in New South Wales
December 1903 events
1900s in New South Wales
Rasheed Kidwai (born 20 July 1967, in Lucknow) is an Indian journalist, author and political analyst. He is a visiting Fellow with the Observer Research Foundation.
Kidwai has appeared on News 18 ,Times Now , ABP news and NDTV.
Kidwai tracks Indian government, political parties, community affairs and Hindi cinema. He also reports on the Indian National Congress, Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, and Priyanka Gandhi.
Kidwai is the author of Sonia, A Biography and 24 Akbar Road.
Personal life
Education
Kidwai is a graduate from St Stephen's College, Delhi [1989]. His school was Centennial School, Lucknow [1980], Anglo Arabic School, Delhi [1984] and Bhartiya Vidya Bhawan, New Delhi [1986].
Kidwai did his master's in mass communication research from University of Leicester where had gone on a fellowship given by British and Commonwealth Office, UK.
Family
Kidwai's family comes from Daryabad, Barabanki, Kidwai's maternal grandfather was Maulana Abdul Majid Daryabadi, a noted English and Urdu commentator of the Quran. Kidwai's wife Dr Farah Kidwai is Scientist ‘G' DRDO, ministry of Defence, Government of India.
Career
Formerly Associate Editor of The Telegraph, Calcutta, Kidwai is a regular political commentator on various television networks, radio programmes and newspapers. Kidwai is a columnist with The Tribune Chandigarh, Mumbai Mirror, ThePrint, ABP News Blog, Network 18, Inquilab, Dainik Jagran, Amar Ujala, Prabhat Khabar, Rediff, The Quint and a range of other English, Hindi and Urdu publications.
Selected Bibliography
The House of Scindias -a saga of Power, Politics and Intrigue
A Biography [Penguin India 2003]. The book has been translated into Hindi, Telugu, Marathi, Punjabi, Tamil and revised in 2009 and 2011.
24, Akbar Road, -- A Short History of The People Behind The Fall and Rise of The Congress [Hachette 2011] is considered as an important source of Congress history.
Neta Abhineta: Star Power in Indian Politics, [Hachette India 2018] tracked political journey of Prithviraj Kapoor, Nargis, Sunil Dutt, Amitabh Bhachan, Jaya Bachchan, Rekha, Mithun Chakraborty, Dharmendra, Hema Malini, Govinda, Shatrughan Sinha, Rajesh Khanna, Vinod Khanna, Dev Anand, Dilip Kumar, Jaya Prada, Javed Akhtar, Shabana Azmi, Paresh Rawal and Raj Babbar.
Ballot: Ten Episodes that Have Shaped India's Democracy [Hachette India 2018] tracing how elections are fought in the country. The anecdotal account has also focussed on many leading players of Indian politics such as N T Ramarao, Bal Thackeray, Mayawati and Mamata Banerjee.
Writings
What's eating the congress
The complex narratives of ‘Ghazwa-e-Hind'
COVID-19 and Indian Muslims
Cow Slaughter
Why we need a special law to curb mob lynching
Sachin Pilot & Co will be 49th breakaway from Congress. But only 16 survived on their own
References
External links
Official Twitter
Indian male journalists
Living people
Indian male novelists
Indian newspaper editors
Indian political writers
1967 births
Styphelia stricta is a small plant in the family Ericaceae. It is endemic to Western Australia.
The species was described in 1868 as Leucopogon strictus by George Bentham. In 1882, Ferdinand von Mueller transferred it to the genus, Styphelia, to give the name accepted by the Western Australian Herbarium, (because of the phylogenetic study by Darren Crayn and others). This name is not accepted by CHAH, nor yet by Plants of the World Online.
It is found in the IBRA regions of Jarrah Forest and the Swan Coastal Plain.
Description
Bentham describes it:
References
External links
Styphelia stricta occurrence data from the Australasian Virtual Herbarium
stricta
Ericales of Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Taxa named by George Bentham
Taxa described in 1868
The Chehalis First Nation or Chehalis Indian Band is the band government of the Sts'Ailes people, whose territories lie between Deroche and Agassiz, British Columbia. The Sts'Alies are a Halkomelem-speaking people but are distinct historically and politically from the surrounding Sto:lo peoples.
Demographics
Number of Band Members: 1007
Indian Reserves
Indian Reserves under the jurisdiction of the Chehalis First Nation include:
Chehalis Indian Reserve No. 5, on the right bank (west bank) of the Harrison River (location of the main community), 880.20 ha
Chehalis Indian Reserve No. 6, on the left bank (east bank) of the Harrison River, opposite IR No. 5, 25.5 ha.
Pekw'Xe:yles (Peckquaylis) 10.3 ha. Shared with 23 other bands, former site of St. Mary's Indian Residential School in Mission, now an educational and business complex
Economic development
In 1974, the Sts'ailes Band had one staff member; now they have over 200 employees working for the Band and Development Corporation.
See also
Tribal Website
References
Coast Salish governments
First Nations governments in the Lower Mainland
Birama Touré (born 6 June 1992) is a Malian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder and captains Ligue 1 side Auxerre. He also plays for the Mali national football team.
Club career
Touré's career started in 2010 with his youth club Beauvais, he participated in 18 matches during 2010–11 and 2011–12 in Championnat National. In 2012, Touré joined Ligue 2 side Nantes. He made his debut for Nantes on 4 August 2012 against Nîmes, whilst scoring his first goal for them on 22 October versus Dijon. Touré played 58 times for Nantes in his first three seasons, including 26 apps in his debut season as the club won promotion to Ligue 1; he has also played 7 times for the club's reserve team. In November 2014, Touré signed for Ligue 2 team Brest on loan for the 2014–15 Ligue 2 season. He scored once in twenty-two league games before returning to Nantes.
On 1 July 2016, Touré completed a transfer to Belgian First Division A club Standard Liège and subsequently made his debut on 19 August in a league draw with Charleroi. In his second league appearance, versus Club Brugge, he scored his first Standard Liège goal. On 16 January 2017, Touré left to join Ligue 2 side Auxerre on loan.
International career
Touré has represented the Mali national team internationally.
Career statistics
Club
.
Honours
Nantes II
Championnat de France Amateur 2: 2012–13 Group G
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Malian footballers
Association football midfielders
Mali international footballers
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Belgian First Division A players
AS Beauvais Oise players
FC Nantes players
Stade Brestois 29 players
Standard Liège players
AJ Auxerre players
Malian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Malian expatriate sportspeople in France
Malian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
People from Kayes
21st-century Malian people
The Jean Butz James Museum is a historic house and former museum at 326 Central Avenue in Highland Park, Illinois. The Italianate house was built in 1871, two years after Highland Park's establishment. The Highland Park Building Company built the house without a buyer, as it expected that the new city would attract many affluent Chicagoans in the coming years. Its design includes a yellow brick exterior, bracketed eaves, and a widow's walk. The Highland Park Historical Society bought the house in 1969 and converted it to a historic house museum, which opened in 1972.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1982. The Highland Park Historical Society closed the museum and relocated in 2015.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Highland Park, Illinois
Historic house museums in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1871
Annette M. Cleveland (née Forbes, born 1962) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. She is a member of the Washington State Senate from the 49th legislative district. She was first elected to that office in November 2012 for a term beginning in January 2013. She was elected with nearly 60% of the vote, against Republican Eileen Qutub.
References
1962 births
Living people
Washington (state) state senators
Washington (state) Democrats
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
Marylhurst University alumni
Politicians from Vancouver, Washington
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Pere may refer to:
Pere, Hungary, a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county
Rangimārie Te Turuki Arikirangi Rose Pere (1937–2020), Māori New Zealand educationalist and spiritual leader
Wi Pere (1837–1915), a Māori Member of Parliament in New Zealand
See also
Péré (disambiguation)
West Aliquippa is a neighborhood in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is actually located just north of the city of Aliquippa, from which it derives its name. West Aliquippa is located on the Ohio River. It shares a ZIP code with Aliquippa: 15001.
West Aliquippa is part of the Aliquippa City School District.
Unincorporated communities in Beaver County, Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh metropolitan area
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Umberto Tachinardi, MD, MSc, Fellow ACMI, is a Brazilian-born chief information officer and biomedical informaticist. Trained by the founders (Candido Pinto de Melo, Lincoln de Assis Moura Jr and Sergio Shiguemi Furuie) of the prestigious Medical Informatics group of the Heart Institute of São Paulo University Medical School (InCor - Instituto do Coração da Universidade de São Paulo), he started his career developing biomedical signal processing systems on cardiology. Dr. Tachinardi pioneered the use of secure world-wide-web (internet) communications for transmission of medical records in 1994. In addition, he has devoted many years to innovate clinical practice through the development and deployment of integrated clinical information systems as CIO of the InCor and later as the CIO of the Secretary of Health, State of São Paulo. Dr. Tachinardi has thus worked extensively on matters of reengineering the administration and management of medical practices on a large scale.
Dr. Tachinardi, newly appointed Assistant Dean for Clinical Informatics at the Indiana University School of Medicine is also a Professor of Statistics. Dr. Tachinardi has presented over 175 publications, invited lectures, and tutorials.
Key Biography
Former president of the Brazilian Society of Health Informatics.
Member of the editorial board of the Journal of Health Informatics
Honors
2005 Nominated Best Information Technology Professional, Government Sector. Informatics Today [Plano Editorial, Informática Hoje], Brazil. (Top 5 best),
2004 Nominated Best Information Technology Professional, Government Sector. Informatics Today [Plano Editorial, Informática Hoje], Brazil. (Top 5 best)
2003 First Place. Best Information Technology Professional, Health Care Sector. Informatics Today [Plano Editorial, Informática Hoje], Brazil.
2002 Top 100 IT Leaders. Computerworld, Brazilian Edition.
2001 Top 50 Information Technology Executives. Info Exame, Brazil
1998 Best Implementation Project in Health Care, National Council of Public Informatics (CONIP), Brazil.
Publications
Medline Publications
Google Scholar Citations
References
External links
Umberto Tachinardi's Linkedin page
Living people
University of São Paulo faculty
University of São Paulo alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Health informaticians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Losing Alice is an Israeli psychological thriller television series created, written, and directed by Sigal Avin for the Israeli channel Hot 3. The series follows a 48-year-old film director, Alice, whose career has slowed down while raising her three daughters, until she meets a young screenwriter, Sophie, who she quickly becomes obsessed with.
The series premiered in Israel on June 18, 2020 on Hot 3. It premiered internationally on January 22, 2021 on Apple TV+.
Plot
The series follows Alice Ginor (Ayelet Zurer), a 48-year-old esteemed filmmaker who feels stuck professionally, old externally, no longer relevant and tired in the face of the endless energy of her three daughters, whom she raises together with David (Gal Toren), a successful and coveted actor. One day, in a chance meeting on the train, Alice meets Sophie (Lihi Kornowski), a promising young femme fatale screenwriter in her 20s, who introduces herself as a fan of Alice and dreams that Alice will direct the script she wrote. Sophie's talent, youth and erupting sexuality arouse Alice, who develops an obsession with her and puts her into her professional, family and sexual life. In what appears to be a conscious choice, Alice is drawn into Sophie's dark and destructive world, and as the plot progresses and twists it is no longer clear who has penetrated whose life, who takes and who gives, and who will lead whom to the fatal end.
Cast
Ayelet Zurer as Alice
Lihi Kornowski as Sophie
Gal Toren as David
Shai Avivi as Ami
Chelli Goldenberg as Tami
Nova Doval as Keren
Yossi Marshek as Tamir
Episodes
Production
Originally airing on Hot 3 in Israel, Apple announced in June 2020, that it had partnered with Dori Media productions and Hot to co-produce and exclusively stream Losing Alice internationally on Apple TV+.
Critical reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Losing Alice holds an approval rating of 75% based on 16 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Twisty and thrilling, if a tad long, Losing Alice is an engaging psychological drama with style to spare." On Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, it has a score of 75 out of 100 based on 5 reviews, indicating “generally favorable reviews”.
References
External links
Losing Alice – official site
2020 Israeli television series debuts
2020 Israeli television series endings
2020s Israeli television series
Israeli thriller television series
Psychological thriller television series
Apple TV+ original programming
Hebrew-language television series
Parlett is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Blake Parlett (born 1989), Canadian ice hockey player
David Parlett (born 1939), games scholar, historian, and translator
Reg Parlett (1904–1991), English comic book artist
See also
Parlett, Ohio, an unincorporated community
Parlet, band
The Carpatho-Rusyn Society (C-RS; ) is a non-profit cultural organization located in the United States dedicated to promoting Carpatho-Rusyn culture and history. It was established in Pittsburgh in 1994 and is the largest exclusively Carpatho-Rusyn organization in North America with over 3,000 members.
C-RS works to educate those of Rusyn descent as well as others about Carpatho-Rusyn heritage. The society supports the preservation and development of Rusyn culture on both sides of the Atlantic.
Establishment
The impetus for development of C-RS emanated from the Second World Congress of Rusyns held in Krynica, Poland in 1993. The new society built upon the inclusive approaches of other American Carpatho-Rusyn organizations, particularly the Carpatho-Rusyn Research Center founded in 1978 by Paul Robert Magocsi and the Rusin Association founded by Larry Goga in 1983.
Formed by largely third and fourth-generation Carpatho-Rusyn Americans, C-RS was dedicated to helping others discover their Carpatho-Rusyn heritage at a time when the designation ‘Carpatho-Rusyn' was not widely known. Honoring a resilient, stateless people whose homeland changed hands repeatedly over the past centuries, C-RS sought to tell the remarkable story of ‘a people from nowhere' – a proverbial phrase coined by the famous American artist of Carpatho-Rusyn ancestry, Andy Warhol.
The society's logo prominently features the Carpatho-Rusyn national emblem as its symbol, a red bear facing blue and gold stripes. This shield was first adopted as the official emblem of the Czechoslovak province of Subcarpathian Rus' on March 30, 1920. It fell into disuse after Nazi Germany's dismembering of Czechoslovakia in 1938 but was adopted later as the official symbol of the Transcarpathian oblast of Ukraine on December 18, 1990. The emblem's left field is divided into 7 horizontal blue and gold alternating stripes representing the seven largest rivers of the land: the Tysa, Teresva, Tereblya, Rika, Borzhava, Latorica and Uzh. The silver background represents the rich salt mines of the area and the red bear is depicted as the king of the snowy Carpathian Mountains.
Early years
The society expanded rapidly from its eight original founders. This growth necessitated a newsletter for its members, The New Rusyn Times. In addition to promoting self-awareness of Carpatho-Rusyn identity, the mission of C-RS ‘holds in high esteem the continuity of life which connects the living Rusyn culture to its treasured and ancient heritage'. Through its growing membership, the society promoted opportunities to learn, express, and enjoy the beauty and life affirming values of a living Carpatho-Rusyn heritage.
C-RS has hosted conferences on Carpatho-Rusyn history and genealogy and has managed the Carpatho-Rusyn cultural display at the Pittsburgh Folk Festival. The society co-sponsored a national Carpatho-Rusyn cultural celebration at the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh and provides traveling displays of Rusyn culture for church and ethnic festivals.
One of C-RS's greatest early successes was in reestablishing relations with the European Carpatho-Rusyn community and supporting their efforts to resurrect and develop Carpatho-Rusyn culture after fifty years of Communist persecution. The society has two European funds – Humanitarian Aid and the Rusyn Homeland Fund.
The Humanitarian Aid Fund was created in 1996 when Carpatho-Rusyn villages in the Transcarpathian oblast of Ukraine experienced an unexpected late fall flood killing 17 and leaving hundreds homeless. Through its members, C-RS worked with the American Red Cross to set up relief for the people of Subcarpathian Rus'. Since then the fund sends primarily medical supplies to healthcare professionals in Transcarpathia for those in need.
The society's Rusyn Homeland Fund provided comprehensive support to the Carpatho-Rusyn community in eastern Slovakia at a critical time before the 2001 census to heighten ethnic awareness of those of Carpatho-Rusyn heritage. The fund underwrote the printing of maps showing Carpatho-Rusyn villages, a traveling display of Carpatho-Rusyn culture, and the widespread mailing of Rusyn-language newspapers and magazines to Carpatho-Rusyn households. Consequently, the number of Slovak citizens identifying as Carpatho-Rusyn increased dramatically compared with the previous census of 1991. The fund also provided financial support to help create a network of Rusyn language schools in Transcarpathia, Ukraine.
Moving forward
The founding president of C-RS was John Righetti who served until 2012 and is now president emeritus. He was succeeded by Jim Kepchar-Kaminski (2013-2015) and Maryann Sivak (2015–present). The organization currently consists of 7 chapters and 11 branches located throughout the United States.
C-RS seeks to collaborate with all Carpatho-Rusyn organizations worldwide to disseminate historical, genealogical, linguistic and ethno-cultural information. In addition to its newsletter, the society created a website, blog and e-mail bulletin, C-RS Connection. Since 2004, the Carpatho-Rusyn Society Heritage Program has broadcast Carpatho-Rusyn music and information on WPIT in the greater Pittsburgh area and worldwide via the web. The society currently hosts a genealogy forum on its website and is expanding its social media presence.
Programs that have served both the Carpatho-Rusyn American and European communities include the highly successful Rusyn Heritage Tour. The society has promoted an annual two- week tour of the Carpatho-Rusyn communities in Poland, Slovakia and Ukraine. The tour experience is one of immersion in contemporary Rusyn culture as well as allowing for visits to ancestral villages and genealogical research. Since 2011, C-RS has supported and offered scholarships to the Studium Carpato-Ruthenorum, an annual international summer school for Rusyn language and culture held at Presov University.
National Cultural Center
In 2004, C-RS purchased the former St. John the Baptist Byzantine Catholic Cathedral at 915 Dickson Street in Munhall, Pennsylvania and converted it into the Carpatho-Rusyn Cultural and Educational Center. The century-old building holds significance for those of Carpatho-Rusyn heritage. It was designed in 1903 by Hungarian-born architect Titus de Bobula and was patterned after the Carpatho-Rusyn Greek Catholic Cathedral of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross in Uzhhorod (then Ungvár, Kingdom of Hungary). In 1929, the building was chosen as the cathedral for the Ruthenian (Rusyn) Greek Catholic Exarchate in America.
In May 2019, the society celebrated its 25th anniversary at its renovated cultural center. Professor Paul Robert Magocsi, the world's foremost authority on Carpatho-Rusyns, gave the keynote address and received the society's highest honor, the Michael Strank Award, named after the Carpatho-Rusyn-American Marine sergeant who helped raise the US flag at the Battle of Iwo Jima. A native of Orjabyna (Jarabina), Czechoslovakia, Strank was awarded US citizenship posthumously in 2008. Prior recipients of the Michael Strank Award were Orestes Mihaly (2009) and John Righetti (2014).
See also
Alexander Dukhnovych
Gregory Zatkovich
Rusyn Americans
List of Rusyn-Americans
Ruthenia
Lemkos
Boykos
Hutsuls
Pannonian Rusyn
Union of Uzhhorod
Ruthenian Greek Catholic
American Carpatho-Russian Orthodox Diocese
Greek Catholic Union
References
External links
Carpatho-Rusyn Media Outlet
Carpatho-Rusyn Heritage Radio Program
C-RS YouTube Channel
C-RS Facebook Page
C-RS Instagram
Carpatho-Rusyn Research Center
Rusin Association
1994 establishments in Pennsylvania
Clubs and societies in the United States
Culture of Pittsburgh
Ethnic fraternal orders in the United States
European-American culture in Pittsburgh
Organizations based in Pittsburgh
Organizations established in 1994
Rusyn-American culture in Pennsylvania
Rusyn-American history
Rusyn culture
Everybody's Favorite Duck is a 1988 parody of classic detective fiction and sensational crime stories. This short novel by cartoonist Gahan Wilson pits the detectives Enoch Bone and John Weston against the Professor, a British Napoleon of Crime; the Mandarin, a Chinese mastermind, and Spectrobert, a French rogue.
While few people read the Doctor Fu Manchu novels of Sax Rohmer at the beginning of the 21st century, his character has become iconic and is easily recognized in many of the traits of the Mandarin; while the Professor may be recognized as Professor Moriarty, the Original Napoleon of Crime; and Spectrobert is clearly based on the sadistic, exhibitionist French arch-villain and master of disguise Fantomas.
Bone and Weston are modeled on Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson, Arthur Conan Doyle's archetypal crime solving team, although they may have more in common with the motion picture Holmes and Watson of the 1940s than the turn-of-the-century British, Baker Street originals. They may also owe something Sax Rohmer's detectives and Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe and Archie Goodwin.
The plot has the three super-villains combining forces in a plot which baffles the police, the FBI and the CIA and even bemuses the two heroes.
The story comes to a head in a theme park, Waldo World (a clear spoof of Disneyland, but set in New Jersey), featuring the popular duck of the title (a parody of Donald Duck), and its creator, Art Waldo (Walt Disney).
The story has a surprise twist at the end, worthy of the most twisted of the plotters whose villainy drives the plot until the final scenes of the novel.
References
1988 American novels
American crime novels
Disney parodies
This is the list of publishing companies of Estonia. The list is incomplete.
References
Publishing
Margel Ina Harris Hinder, AM (4 January 1906, Brooklyn, New York – 29 May 1995, Roseville, New South Wales) was an Australian-American modernist sculptor, noted for her kinetic and public sculptural works. Her sculptures are found outside the Australian Reserve Bank building in Martin Place, Sydney, in a memorial in Newcastle, New South Wales, and in Canberra, ACT. Her work is held in several Australian public collections.
Biography
Hinder was born Margel Ina Harris in New York. Her parents were Wilson Park Harris and Helen Haist and her father worked in a steel foundry and later as a photographer in New York. She attended art schools in the United States: children's classes at the Albright Art School, Buffalo, New York; and the Boston Museum School, Boston.
Early to mid-career
By May 1935 she was exhibiting in Sydney with the Women's Industrial Art Society. In 1938 she submitted carved wooden bookends in the shape of koala bears for their annual exhibition and the following year she was exhibiting as a sculptor in the David Jones Gallery in Sydney. The arts writer of the Sydney Morning Herald referred to her "unusual blocky carving of two doves preening their wings". In 1939, her partnership with her painter husband Frank Hinder was being noted by a journalist from the Sydney Morning Herald after Hinder and her husband won a competition run by the Water Board of NSW for a figure design for their new building in Sydney. Hinder's husband did the drawings while she created a maquette in plaster. Hinder was already showing a preference for carving in wood, rather than stone, although she had problems getting wood that was hard enough although this was solved by sourcing the wood from a plantation in Papua New Guinea.
Hinder's interested in cubist constructivist art was influenced by Eleonore Lange, a German-born artist who had arrived in 1930. Lange was one of a small number of artists who was interested in modernism in Sydney during the 1930s. It was Lange who organised Exhibition 1 in Sydney 1939, showcasing a ground-breaking group of artists, including Hinder, who shared an interest in semi-abstract painting and sculpture.
Hinder moved with her family to Canberra during the war years and Hinder started to explore the use of steel in her sculptures.
Career highlights
Post-war Hinder moved back to Sydney and was in a group exhibition at the David Jones Gallery, showing abstract art with Ralph Balson, Grace Crowley, Dora Chapman, Gerald Lewers, and Margo Lewers. The following year Hinder was back at the David Jones Gallery exhibiting glass and plastic carved shapes which emphasised theories of time and space'. In an interview with the Sydney Morning Herald she talked about juggling her family life, teaching at a technical college and giving lectures at a Art Gallery of NSW. In the opinion of the art critic of the Sydney Morning Herald, sculpture was struggling to keep up with painting, referring to it as a 'neglected art', but they took time to carefully review works in the exhibition although only generally referring to Hinder's sandstone "Garden Sculpture". It was noted in a later article that this work was the first abstract sculpture acquired by the 'Art Gallery of New South Wales'. At the same time Hinder was the subject of a feature article in the Australian Women's Day and she was exploring rounded wire shapes that would be incorporated in her work in future decades.
In 1953 a sculpture of Hinder's was selected along with sculptures by Tom Bass and John Joseph Bruhn for an International sculptural competition on the theme of The Unknown Political Prisoner. Her work was based on hand movements and was to be installed in water, with the resulting reflections part of the design. Despite the comments of some critics, Hinder's work went on to win a prize of 275 pounds, announced at the Tate Gallery in London. She remarked to a journalist that she thought 'abstract artists have a hard time in Australia' and felt that their work was 'neither liked nor understood".
Hinder's work outside the Reserve Bank of Australia in Martin Place was commissioned after she won an international competition for sculptors in 1961. The abstract work created from cast copper with a steel core drew mixed responses to the form that people found difficult to identify. The first Governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia Dr H. C. Coombs was resolute in his support of the selection of the work and even wrote a memorandum to staff with an explanation of the work However, it was a city that was at the same time somewhat polarised by Jørn Utzon's design for the Sydney Opera House. The same year she won the religious art Blake Prize for sculpture with her depiction of Christ on the Cross.
When the Monaro Mall was built in 1963 in the centre of the fast-expanding city of Canberra, Hinder was commissioned to create a large spherical mobile sculpture to be located in the middle of the Mall above the escalators. Revolving Sphere, 1963 consisted of a motorised spinning sphere that reflected light as it moved. The modernist Mall was the first air-conditioned and enclosed shopping centre in Australia. Two years later Hinder organised a touring sculpture exhibition considered somewhat of a 'milestone' as it was the first time a touring exhibition of sculpture had been organised. It was called 'Recent Australian Sculpture' and in Canberra was shown at the Menzies Library at the Australian National University. It was sponsored by the Commonwealth Art Advisory Board.
Hinder's acknowledged master work is the water sculpture known as the Captain James Cook Memorial Fountain located in Newcastle, New South Wales's Civic Park. Completed in 1966, it was created with steel, copper and granite.
In 1969, Hinder's large aluminium abstract sculpture Sculptured Form was selected by the NCDC to be installed in the Woden Town Square. The sculpture had been chosen from the Comalco Invitation Award. Six sculptors were invited to create a 'free-standing work of sculpture which would stand in a public urban space to symbolise the growth and metamorphosis of a typical natural Australian environment into complex development for urban use'.
In 1973 Hinder completed another large sculpture, this time for the forecourt of the Telecommunications Building in Adelaide.
Personal
Hinder was married to fellow artist Australian-born Francis Critcheley Hinder, known as Frank Hinder. They were married in Wellesley, Massachuesetts in 1930. Hinder arrived with her husband in Australia in late 1934. Hinder made her mark both as an artist or 'sculptress' as she was often referred to by arts writers. She was described as 'tall, slim' brunette and attractive' and given to wearing "strikingly original clothes' and the hats which she designed. They exhibited together in group exhibitions, and had two retrospective exhibits: 1973 at the Newcastle Regional Gallery and 1980 at the Art Gallery of NSW). Frank and Margel Hinder are the subject of a biography by Renee Free.
Margel Hinder died on 29 May 1995 at Roseville, New South Wales
Selected works
1939 Man with jackhammer, National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne
1949 Garden Sculpture, Art Gallery of New South Wales in Sydney
1970 Sculptured Form, Woden Town Square in Canberra
1973 Free-Standing Sculpture, Telecommunication Building in Adelaide
Further reading
Cornford, Ian. The sculpture of Margel Hinder, Philip Matthews Book Willoughby, New South Wales (2013)
Renée Free: The Art of Frank and Margel Hinder, 1930–1980, Art Gallery of New South Wales (1980)
References
Sources
Hinder's work at the Reserve Bank of Australia
Margel Hinder at Dictionary of Australian Artists Online
1976 Portrait of Margel Hinder by Richard Beck
Image of Hinder in her studio (1976)
External links
Works by Margel Hinder :: The Collection :: Art Gallery NSW
Revolving Sphere 1963.
1906 births
1995 deaths
20th-century Australian sculptors
Australian women artists
American emigrants to Australia
Seward Henry Williams (November 7, 1870 – September 2, 1922) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1915 to 1917.
Biography
Born in Amsterdam, New York, Williams attended the common schools, the Amsterdam Academy, Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts, and Princeton College.
He was graduated in law from Washington and Lee University, Lexington, Virginia, in 1895.
He was admitted to the bar in 1895 and commenced practice the same year.
City solicitor of Lorain, Ohio from 1901 to 1904.
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1910-1913.
Congress
Williams was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1915 – March 3, 1917).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1916 to the Sixty-fifth Congress.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law.
He died in Lorain, Ohio, September 2, 1922.
He was interred in Elmwood Cemetery.
Williams married Sarah Jennette Reynolds of Lorain at Cleveland, Ohio on September 29, 1897. They had two children.
He died on September 2, 1922 in Lorain, Ohio.
Memberships
Williams was a Knights Templar Mason and a member of the Knights of Pythias.
References
Sources
1870 births
1922 deaths
People from Amsterdam, New York
People from Lorain, Ohio
Washington and Lee University School of Law alumni
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Republicans
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Williams College alumni
Princeton University alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Konstantinos Doumtsios (; born 20 September 1997) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker for Super League club Levadiakos.
Personal life
Doumtsios hails from Ano Poroia, Serres.
Honours
Levadiakos
Super League 2: 2021–22
References
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
Panserraikos F.C. players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Panionios F.C. players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Serres
2010 Tochigi S.C. season
League Table
Player statistics
References
External links
J. League official site
Tochigi S.C.
Tochigi SC seasons
Thomas Northcote (1749—1798) was a celebrated 18th-century British silversmith.
He began learning his trade in June 1766 when he became an apprentice to Charles Hutton. However, he did not enter his first of ten solo marks until 1776. Between 1794 and 1797 he created silver plates in partnership with one George Bourne, but Northcote is also known for creating spoons and sugar tongs with intricate and - for the era - strange designs.
External links
Cast sugar tongs by Thomas Northcote
English silversmiths
1798 deaths
1749 births
Throttle response or vehicle responsiveness is a measure of how quickly a vehicle's prime mover, such as an internal combustion engine, can increase its power output in response to a driver's request for acceleration. Throttles are not used in diesel engines, but the term throttle can be used to refer to any input that modulates the power output of a vehicle's prime mover. Throttle response is often confused with increased power but is more accurately described as time rate of change of power levels.
Gasoline vs diesel
Formerly, gasoline/petrol engines exhibited better throttle response than diesel engines. This results from higher specific power output and higher maximum engine power, as well as the fact that lower-powered diesel engines were disproportionately heavier. Recently diesel engines became able to outperform similar-sized petrol engines. Most naturally aspirated gasoline engines have better responsiveness than supercharged or turbocharged engines for engines with similar peak power outputs. However, factors such as improper maintenance, fouled spark plugs or bad injectors can reduce throttle response. Diesel engines are less likely to lose throttle response, since their power comes from self-igniting fuel. Older diesel engines directly connect the accelerator pedal to the injection pump resulting in instant response.
Several tuning factors can affect engine responsiveness. Throttle response in manual cars can be enhanced by dropping to a lower gear before accelerating. This action is often used in smaller cars to aid in overtaking.
Engine design
The advent of concern about fuel economy and emissions had major impacts on engine design. Some of the trade-offs reduced throttle response. Most new cars employ a drive-by-wire system, which can itself reduce throttle response. Earlier designs featured carburetors with an "accelerating pump" that made the fuel mix richer when the accelerator pedal was depressed suddenly, which increased hydrocarbon emissions. Later designs removed this feature.
See also
Driving
Throttle
Overtaking
Notes and references
Engine technology
Two-stroke engine technology
Napoleon is a musical by Timothy Williams and Andrew Sabiston.
Productions
It premiered at the Elgin Theatre in Toronto on 23 March 1994 with Jérôme Pradon in the title role and Aline Mowat as leading lady Joséphine de Beauharnais. Directed by John Wood and orchestrated by David Cullen. It was nominated for a Dora Award for Best Musical.
The musical had a second production at the Shaftesbury Theatre in London's West End with previews from 30 September 2000. It officially opened on 13 October 2000, and starred Paul Baker and Uwe Kröger (who performed three of the eight a week in the title role), with Anastasia Barzee as Josephine. It was directed by Francesca Zambello and produced by Duncan C. Weldon. The orchestrations were by Jonathan Tunick. The London production ran for six months.
Work on a new version of the musical began in 2009 when director Richard Ouzounian helmed a concert version in Barrie, Ontario with the story narrated by the character Talleyrand, the political mastermind who helped shape Napoleon's career. The concert starred Adam Brazier, Blythe Wilson, and Chip Mitchell.
This marked the beginning of a reimagining of the musical as a behind-the-scenes political drama and a new book and score. The new Napoleon opened at the New York Musical Theatre Festival in July 2015 under the direction of Richard Ouzounian. Modern parallels with the making of leaders today figure strongly in the narrative, in which Napoleon as a young and promising rising star is discovered, latched onto, then managed and manipulated. The story charts Talleyrand's pride in taking a common man and placing him on the throne of an empire vaster than Rome. His machinations impact every aspect of Napoleon's journey, over which Talleyrand sees himself as the master. But what Talleyrand isn't prepared for is Napoleon's sheer force of character, and his obsession with Josephine. It received glowing reviews.
In July, 2017, a lavish new production of Napoleon opened at the Charlotte Theater in Seoul for a limited three-month season. It featured a cast of 54 including B.A.P's Daehyun and BTOB's Changsub alongside famous musical actors such as Lim Tae Kyung, Michael Lee, and Han Ji Sang. It was directed by Richard Ouzounian and features new sets, costumes, projections, orchestrations and was translated into Korean. It received glowing reviews.
Authors
Timothy Williams is a multi-award-winning composer and orchestrator for theatre, film, and video games. Film highlights include Wild Horses, written and directed by Robert Duvall, (Robert Duvall, James Franco and Josh Hartnett), Walking With the Enemy (Ben Kingsley), I.T., directed by John Moore and starring Pierce Brosnan, The Mulberry Tree (Joe Morton), Red Sky (Rachael Leigh Cook and Bill Pullman), Debug (Jason Momoa), and Beyond All Boundaries (Tom Hanks, Brad Pitt). He has written additional music for and/or orchestrated/conducted over 60 films including Get Out, Guardians of the Galaxy, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Hidden Figures, It, Sucker Punch, Watchmen, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and 300. For Disney and Universal, his live theatrical works include adaptations and orchestrations of Aladdin (book by Chad Beguelin), Wicked (for Tokyo), Tangled - The Musical and thirty other shows directed by Gordon Greenberg, Joe Calarco and Eric Schaeffer. He recently arranged the songs for up and coming artist Zella Day. He has won a Dora Award and three Thea awards.
Andrew Sabiston is a writer, series developer, executive story editor and performer in the children's/youth television market with over 900 episodes to his credit. Many of the programs in which he has been involved are multiple award-winners airing globally and include: Little Bear; Max & Ruby; Mike the Knight; Arthur; Justin Time; Trucktown; Bo On the Go; My Big Big Friend; The Moblees; Little Charmers; The Adventures of Napkin Man; Donkey Kong Country, The Neverending Story; Droids, Super Mario Brothers; Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs; Babar and Badou, and The Travels of the Young Marco Polo. A 2015 Canadian Screen Award Nominee for Best Writing, he also had three of his scripts nominated for Best Series in various categories in the 2015 Youth Media Alliance Awards.
Plot
The plot of the Toronto and London productions centered on Napoleon Bonaparte's rise from a common man to the leader of France and his relationship to his first wife, Joséphine de Beauharnais.
In the 2015 version the story is told through the eyes of Talleyrand, whose machinations and deceptions help to both make and destroy his political protégé.
Recordings
The original cast recording of Napoleon was released by EMI Angel Broadway and has become a cult item. A bonus track was recorded by Dan Hill and reached number 16 on the Canadian charts. Songs from Napoleon have been covered by Dan Hill, Stig Rossen, Uwe Kröger, Stephanie Martin, Adam Brazier, and Blythe Wilson.
The song "Sweet Victory Divine" was covered by Stig Rossen on his album The Impossible Dream.
In 2001, First Night Records released a 5-track Cast Recording of the Original London Cast. Re-orchestrated, it features only one new song ("Only In Fantasy"), sung by Anastasia Barzee. The entire full score with the large orchestra was recorded and is available for listening on the official website, but unfortunately due to union contracts and payment issues, the cast recording remains unreleased for purchasing.
Also in 2001, Uwe Kröger recorded the song "Sweet Victory Divine", Napoleon's Act 1 Finale, for the CD version of the concert So In Love With Musicals, which also starred Pia Douwes.
In 2009, to mark the 15th anniversary of the Toronto production, the original 1994 cast album with Jérôme Pradon and Aline Mowat was released by Stage Door Records (UK), with 15 tracks. The original release was 18 tracks.
Songs were recently incorporated into Field of Dreams and Anthology of Canadian Musicals. Excerpts can frequently be heard on Radio programs hosted by Richard Ouzounian in Canada and Elaine Paige in England.
References
External links
Napoleon Official Site
Timothy Williams Official Site
Andrew Sabiston Official Site
NAPOLEON - 15th Year Anniversary CD
Canadian Musical Theatre Data Base - NAPOLEON: specs, videos, song samples and reviews
1994 musicals
West End musicals
Canadian musicals
Plays about Napoleon
Cultural depictions of Joséphine de Beauharnais
Cultural depictions of Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord
The pouakai or poukai is a monstrous bird in Māori mythology.
Mythologies
In some of these legends, pouakai kill and eat humans. The myth may refer to the real but now extinct Haast's eagle: the largest known eagle species, which was able to kill adult moa weighing up to , and which had the capability to kill even an adult human.
History
Haast's eagles, which only lived in the east and northwest of New Zealand's South Island, did not become extinct until around two hundred years after the arrival of Māori. Eagles are depicted in early rock-shelter paintings in South Canterbury. Large amounts of the eagle's lowland habitat had been destroyed by burning by A.D. 1350, and it was driven extinct by overhunting, both directly (Haast's eagle bones have been found in Māori archaeological sites) and indirectly: its main prey species, nine species of moa and other large birds such as adzebills, flightless ducks, and flightless geese, were hunted to extinction at the same time.
See also
Hakawai
Folk memory
References
Mythological birds of prey
Māori legendary creatures
Miller–Cansler House, also known as the Adam Miller Jr. House, is a historic home located near Maiden, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1820, and is a two-story, frame Federal style farmhouse. It features a full-width shed-roofed porch. A one-story frame ell was added in 1941.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1820
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Simón Rodríguez (October 28, 1769, Caracas, Venezuela – February 28, 1854, Amotape, Peru), known during his exile from Spanish America as Samuel Robinson, was a Venezuelan philosopher and educator, notably Simón Bolívar's tutor and mentor.
His mother, Rosalia Rodríguez, was the daughter of an owner of farms and livestock; her father was originally from the Canary Islands.
Career in Venezuela
In May 1791, the Caracas Council (Cabildo) gave him a position as teacher in the "Reading and Writing School for Children". In 1794, he presented his critical writing Reflection on the flaws vitiating the Reading and Writing School for Children in Caracas and Means of Achieving its Reform and a New Establishment to the council, which represented an original approach to a modern school system. His role in the failed Gual and España conspiracy against the Spanish crown in 1797 forced him to leave Venezuela.
Exile
In Kingston, Jamaica he changed his name to Samuel Robinson, and after staying some years in the United States he traveled to France (1801). There, in 1804, he met his former protégé, Simón Bolivar; together they made a long journey across Europe. They witnessed the coronation of Napoleon Bonaparte in Milan, as King of Italy and in Rome, witnessed how Bolívar took his famous oath that he would liberate all of America from the Spanish Crown, and registered it for history:
"I swear before you; I swear on my parent's God; I swear on them; I swear on my honor; and I swear on my Motherland; that I won't give rest to my arm, nor repose to my soul, until I have broken the chains that oppress us by will of the Spanish power."
Rodríguez returned to America in 1823, using his name "Simón Rodríguez" again. In Colombia he established the first workshop-school in 1824. He was called to Peru by Simón Bolívar and became "Director for Public Education, Physical and Mathematical Sciences and Arts" and "Director of Mines, Agriculture and Public Roads" of Bolivia.
In 1826, Rodríguez established a second workshop-school, as part of a project for all Bolivia. But Antonio José de Sucre, president of Bolivia since October 1826, did not have a good relationship with him, and Rodríguez resigned the same year, working during the rest of his life as educator and writer, living alternatively in different places of Peru, Chile and Ecuador. His work Sociedades Americanas (American Societies) was divided in several issues and published in Arequipa (1828), in Concepción (1834), Valparaíso (1838), and Lima (1842).
Last years and legacy
Most of Rodríguez's written works remained in Guayaquil, Ecuador, but were lost in the large city fire of 1896. Rodriguez is the face on the 50 Bolivar Fuerte bills. He was also the face in the old 20,000 Bolívar bills (until 2007). One of the Bolivarian Missions of Hugo Chávez, Mission Robinson, is named for him.
Tribute
On October 28, 2018, Rodríguez was honoured with a Google Doodle posthumously on his 249th birthday.
References
Sources
Consuelo Hernández. "Simón Rodríguez y la crítica", El Nacional. August 7, 1982
Consuelo Hernández."Simón Rodríguez visto en la perspectiva del tiempo", Revista de la Universidad Simón Rodríguez. Año III. No. 4 (1982), pp. 21–33.
External links
Sociedades Americanas, mipagina.cantv.net; accessed August 3, 2017.
Profile, Glrbv.org.ve; accessed August 3, 2017.
People from Caracas
Venezuelan male writers
Venezuelan schoolteachers
Venezuelan people of Canarian descent
Venezuelan people of Spanish descent
1769 births
1854 deaths
Burials at the National Pantheon of Venezuela
In Samoan mythology, Mafuie is the god of earthquakes. He dwells in the volcanic regions below the Earth, and has only one arm.
Mafuie was also the keeper of fire. Tiitii, a demigod, won the fire from him in a battle; thus, fire was brought to the people of Samoa.
References
Nature gods
Samoan deities
"Song About a Girl" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Eric Paslay. It was released on February 18, 2014, as the third single from Paslay's self-titled debut album. Paslay wrote the song with Jessi Alexander and Gordie Sampson.
The song received positive reviews from critics who praised its outlaw production vibe and Paslay's confident performance. "Song About a Girl" peaked at numbers 12 and 18 on both the Billboard Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs charts respectively. It also charted at number 85 on the Hot 100. The song had minor chart success in Canada, peaking at number 25 on the Country chart. The accompanying music video was directed by Wes Edwards and features screen tests of various women dressed in different outfits.
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song a favorable review, calling it "one of the best songs released this year." Dukes felt that "the industrial rhythm section and vocal effects strip the traditional edge from this song and provide an outlaw vibe that Paslay seems very comfortable taking forward." Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song four and a half stars out of five, calling it "a moody, melodic slice of modern Country music with an inviting melody and a sing-a-long chorus." Bjorke wrote that it "feels like the kind of song that could've been a hit in any era."
Music video
The music video was directed by Wes Edwards and premiered in June 2014. The video features screen tests for a music film, where actresses are dressed in various outfits and acting as the character of said outfit. Paslay is shown playing a guitar while having a projector screening being played behind him.
Commercial performance
"Song About a Girl" debuted at number 50 on the U.S. Billboard Country Airplay chart for the week of March 15, 2014. It also debuted at number 46 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of April 5. On the week of June 21, the track debuted at number 98 on U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, and peaked at number 85 for two consecutive weeks from July 12 to 19, remaining on the chart for ten weeks. The song has sold 215,000 copies in the U.S. as of July 2014.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2013 songs
2014 singles
Eric Paslay songs
EMI Records singles
Song recordings produced by Marshall Altman
Songs written by Jessi Alexander
Music videos directed by Wes Edwards
Songs written by Eric Paslay
Songs written by Gordie Sampson
Al-Ittihad won the 1996–97 Saudi Premier League, their second championship, the last being won in 1982.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Promoted: Al-Sho'ala and Al-Ta'awan.
Playoffs
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
is a private junior college in Niigata, Niigata, Japan, established in 1968.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1968
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Niigata Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
Engineering universities and colleges in Japan
Long, McCorkle and Murray Houses is a set of three historic homes and national historic district located at Newton, Catawba County, North Carolina. The McCorkle House (c. 1890) reflects the popular Queen Anne style, while the Long (c. 1902–1910) and Murray (c. 1920) houses represent variations of the Bungalow style. The Long House property includes a contributing garage, servant's house, and landscape design.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1890
Queen Anne architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Dingbian Road (), formerly known as Cao'an Highway (), is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at Dingbian Road and Tongchuan Road in the city's Jiading District, the station is scheduled to opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Jiading District
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Emanuel "Leli" Fabri (born 16 December 1952) is a Maltese former football midfielder.
Playing career
During his club career, Fabri played for Luqa St. Andrew's, Qormi and Sliema Wanderers. He also played for the Malta national football team, scoring 3 times.
Career statistics
International goals
References
External links
Emanuel Fabri at QormiFC.com
1952 births
Living people
Maltese footballers
Malta international footballers
Luqa St. Andrew's F.C. players
Qormi F.C. players
Sliema Wanderers F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Buchanan Pass, elevation , is a mountain pass located in the Rocky Mountains of north-central Colorado in the United States. The pass is toward the northern end of the Indian Peaks of the Front Range on the Grand-Boulder county line, between the Buchanan Creek drainage to the west and the Middle St. Vrain Creek drainage to the east. It is traversed by the Buchanan Pass Trail which travels from its junction with the Cascade Creek Trail on the west to the Camp Dick campground on the east, close to Peaceful Valley. The pass is in the Indian Peaks Wilderness of the Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests and is the easternmost mountain pass on the continental divide.
References
Mountain passes of Colorado
Landforms of Boulder County, Colorado
Landforms of Grand County, Colorado
Great Divide of North America
Rolvenden Windmill is a grade II* listed Post mill on the B2086 road west of Rolvenden in southeast England. It is maintained as a memorial to a local resident killed in a road accident in 1955.
History
There is evidence of a windmill in Rolvenden in 1556. The mill is believed to have been built c.1580. A windmill was marked on Symondsos map of 1596, John Speed's map of 1610, Andrews, Drury and Herbert's map of 1769 and the 1819-43 Ordnance Survey map. Rolvenden mill bears a date of 1772, but is believed to be older, possibly the mill marked on the 1596 map. The mill last worked circa 1885, when two sails are known to have been removed. The original roundhouse was demolished during the First World War. The ladder giving access to the body of the mill collapsed in 1917. By the mid-1950s, the mill was becoming increasingly derelict. But in 1956, the mill was restored by Thompson's, the Alford millwrights. The work was paid for by Mr & Mrs Barham in memory of their son John Nicholas Barham (24 July 1937 - 24 August 1955), who had been killed in a road accident. The previously white painted mill was tarred. New common sails were fitted and a new brick roundhouse was erected. The mill was fixed in position, with steel girders supporting the mill from below. The restored windmill is also featured in the title credits of the children's television show Mr Majeika, which ran from 1986 - 1988.
Description
Rolvenden Mill is a post mill on a single storey brick roundhouse. It has four Common sails and is winded by a tailpole. In later years, she is said to have carried "two patent or wood louvred sweeps, which were later removed and used elsewhere. - these would most likely have been Spring Sails, and offers an explanation for the derelict mill with only two sails. When the mill was restored, four Common Sails were erected. The ladder was not replaced when the mill was restored, making access to the mill difficult. The mill has two pairs of millstones, in a head and tail arrangement.
Millers
Thomas B. Greenhill 1799 - 1828
E W & H A Allen 1828
E Witt
Thomas Record 1834
Richard Reeves 1839
George Bridge 1845
Laurence Foster 1845 - 1852
R Clemetson 1862
Collins 1870s
John Greenhill 1878
Horace Dunk 1879 - 1883
James Collins - 1885
References for above:-
References
External links
Windmill World page on the mill.
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Monuments and memorials in Kent
Post mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills in Kent
Windmills completed in 1772
Grade II* listed buildings in Kent
Valeri Nikolayevich Glushakov (; March 17, 1959 in Enthusiast sovkhoz, Nura District, Karagandy Province – March 29, 2017) was a Russian professional football player and coach. He made his professional debut in the Soviet First League in 1977 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Personal life
He was the uncle of Denis Glushakov.
Honours
Soviet Top League champion: 1979.
Veikkausliiga champion: 1991.
Veikkausliiga runner-up: 1992.
References
1959 births
2017 deaths
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Russian football managers
Soviet Top League players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Asmaral Moscow players
Pakhtakor Tashkent FK players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
FC Lahti players
Veikkausliiga players
Soviet expatriate footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Sierra Nevada is a stratovolcano located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile, near the Llaima volcano. Its last certain eruptions were in the Pleistocene period, but its activity may extend into the Holocene. Its primary lavas are andesitic and basaltic flows, although it has also produced pyroclastic flows. Lahars are also a hazard of this volcano. This stratovolcano is located in Conguillío National Park.
See also
List of volcanoes in Chile
Sources
(in Spanish; also includes volcanoes of Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru)
External links
Stratovolcanoes of Chile
Subduction volcanoes
Mountains of Chile
Volcanoes of Araucanía Region
Pleistocene stratovolcanoes
Sergio Santos Hernández (born November 1, 1963) is an Argentine professional basketball coach for Leones de Ponce of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN).
Head coaching career
Pro clubs
As a head coach, Hernández has won numerous titles over his career. They include: 6 Argentine League championships (2000, 2001, 2004, 2010, 2011, 2012), the South American League championship (2001), 3 Argentine Cups (2003, 2004, 2010), the Top 4 Tournament (2004), the South American Club Championship (2004), and 2 FIBA Americas League championships (2008, 2010).
On November 3, 2020, he has signed with Casademont Zaragoza of the Spanish Liga ACB.
Argentina national team
Hernández was the head coach the senior men's Argentina national basketball team from 2005 to 2010. He succeeded Rubén Magnano in the position, and was the team's head coach at the 2006 FIBA World Championship, the 2008 FIBA Diamond Ball (where the team won the gold medal), the 2008 Summer Olympics (where the team won a bronze medal), and at the 2010 FIBA World Championship (where Argentina finished in 5th place).
After his contract to coach the Argentina national team expired in 2010, Hernández did not accept the 4–6 years renewal offered by the Argentine Basketball Federation, therefore ending his tenure as the national team's head coach. He did, however, return to the team as an assistant coach for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He then returned as the head coach of Argentina for the 2015 FIBA Americas Championship, where he led Argentina to a silver medal. He was also the head coach of Argentina at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
In 2019, he coached the Argentina´s team that won the 2019 Pan American gold medal in Lima.
In 2019, Hernandez coached the men's Argentina national basketball team at the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup, where he led Argentina to a silver medal; securing them a spot in the 2020 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
Argentine basketball coaches
Argentine expatriate basketball people in Brazil
Olympic coaches
Sportspeople from Bahía Blanca
The 1983–84 Minnesota North Stars season was the North Stars' 17th season.
Coached by Bill Mahoney, the team compiled a record of 39–31–10 for 88 points, to finish the regular season 1st in the Norris Division for the second time in three seasons. The North Stars were the only team in their division to have a winning record that season. In the playoffs, they won their Norris Division Semifinal series 3 games to 2 over the Chicago Black Hawks and followed that with a seven game win over the St. Louis Blues in the Norris Division Final. In the Campbell Conference Final, the North Stars ran out of magic as they were swept in four straight games by the eventual Stanley Cup champion Edmonton Oilers.
Offseason
NHL Draft
Regular season
Bob Rouse, Brian Lawton, and Dirk Graham all made their NHL debuts.
Final standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Awards and honors
References
North Stars on Hockey Database
Minnesota North Stars seasons
Minnesota North Stars
Minnesota North Stars
Norris Division champion seasons
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Twins
Moca purpurascens is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1893. It is found in India.
The wingspan is about 22 mm. Adults are black, with a brilliant purple shot, the forewings with two large yellow triangular spots on the costa. The hindwings have a yellow streak below the cell, curving up to the costa beyond it.
References
Moths described in 1893
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Antonio Esparragoza Betancourt (born September 2, 1959) is the former WBA Featherweight Champion of the World, from Venezuela.
Amateur career
Esparragoza represented Venezuela as a Featherweight at the 1980 Moscow Olympic Games. Below are the results from that tournament:
Round of 64: bye
Round of 32: lost to Peter Hanlon (Great Britain) by decision, 1-4
Professional career
Esparragoza turned pro in 1981 and after largely fighting unproven fighters in his native Venezuela was granted a shot at Lineal & WBA Featherweight Titles holder Steve Cruz in 1987. Esparragoza pulled off an upset with a TKO in the 12th round. Esparragoza defended the titles against seven contenders before losing the belts to Yong-Kyun Park in 1991 via unanimous decision. He retired after the loss.
Due to his incredible knockout power, Esparragoza is ranked at 75 in Ring Magazine's list of 100 Greatest Punchers.
See also
Lineal championship
List of featherweight boxing champions
References
sports-reference
|-
|-
|-
1959 births
Living people
People from Cumaná
Olympic boxers of Venezuela
Boxers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Venezuelan male boxers
World Boxing Association champions
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Featherweight boxers
Momir of Lučica (; 1804–13) was a Serbian Revolutionary commander who participated in the First Serbian Uprising (1804–13).
He was born in Lučica, at that time part of the Požarevac nahiya in the Sanjak of Smederevo ("Belgrade Pashaluk").
He was a knez before the uprising. He joined the uprising at the beginning, in 1804, and rallied people in the Morava and Stig regions. He participated in the Siege of Požarevac (1804), besieging the town from Morava to Salakovac. His trench was situated in Gornja Mala. Momir and Milenko Stojković cleansed the southern part of the Požarevac district from Ottomans. After the liberation of Požarevac, Karađorđe appointed him the knez of Morava (Moravska knežina).
Paulj Matejić begged for the hand of Momir's daughter for his son Budimir, and they married.
Momir had a mansion in Lučica, fenced by palisade.
His son Ivo Momirović (fl. 1812–13) was a vojvoda.
Momir is regarded the third, after Milenko Stojković and Petar Dobrnjac, most important revolutionary in the First Serbian Uprising from the Požarevac area, based on courage, reputation and participation.
See also
List of Serbian Revolutionaries
References
Sources
19th-century Serbian people
Serbian revolutionaries
People of the First Serbian Uprising
Military personnel from Požarevac
Serbian military leaders
Sarcochilus australis, commonly known as the butterfly orchid or Gunn's tree orchid, is a small epiphytic orchid endemic to eastern Australia. It has up to ten oblong, dark green leaves and up to fourteen small green to yellowish or brownish flowers with a mostly white labellum.
Description
Sarcochilus australis is a small epiphytic herb with a stem long with between three and ten dark green leaves long and wide. Between two and fourteen green to yellowish or brownish flowers long and wide are arranged on a pendulous flowering stem long. The sepals are long and wide whilst the petals are shorter and narrower. The labellum is white with purple and yellow markings, about long and wide and has three lobes. The side lobes are erect, usually with purple markings and the middle lobe erect with a thin, solid spur. Flowering occurs between October and January.
Taxonomy and naming
The butterfly orchid was first formally described in 1834 by John Lindley who gave it the name Gunnia australis and published the description in Edwards's Botanical Register. In 1863, Heinrich Gustav Reichenbach changed the name to Sarcochilus australis. The specific epithet (australis) is a Latin word meaning "southern".
Distribution and habitat
Sarcochilus australis grows on trees in rainforest and other humid places, sometimes close to the ground. It is found between the Hunter River in New South Wales through south-eastern Victoria to northern Tasmania.
References
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Victoria (Australia)
Orchids of Tasmania
Plants described in 1834
australis
Patrik Husak (born April 23, 1990) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for HC RT Torax Poruba of the Czech 1. Liga.
He played with HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
Career statistics
References
External links
1990 births
HC Berounští Medvědi players
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HK Dukla Trenčín players
LHK Jestřábi Prostějov players
HC Nové Zámky players
HC Oceláři Třinec players
HC Slovan Ústečtí Lvi players
HC Sparta Praha players
Living people
People from Kralupy nad Vltavou
Sportspeople from the Central Bohemian Region
David Smith Monson (born June 20, 1945) is an American politician
and former U.S. Representative and the second Lieutenant Governor of Utah. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Born in Salt Lake City, Utah, Monson attended public schools. He earned a B.S. from the University of Utah in 1970. He became a certified public accountant afterwards. He also served as a Sergeant in the Utah Air National Guard from 1967 to 1973.
Monson was elected Utah State Auditor in 1972. He was one of only two Republicans to win a statewide office that year, the rest being taken by the Democrats. He served from 1973 to 1977. He then served as lieutenant governor of Utah for two terms, from 1977 to 1985.
In 1984, Monson ran for the United States House of Representatives for the Ninety-ninth Congress. He had a difficult race due to reports of his going on a trade mission to Japan along with a man who was later accused of spying and a developer who had been accused of defrauding investors. In the general election, he defeated former state Senator Frances Farley by a vote of 105,540 to 105,044. He was not a candidate for reelection in 1986, ending his political career on January 3, 1987 after serving only one term as a representative. He subsequently became a business executive involved in international trade and recycling paper. He currently resides in Salt Lake City.
Monson is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Lieutenant Governors of Utah
University of Utah alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
Politicians from Salt Lake City
The 1861 Suburbs of Nelson by-election was a by-election held on 20 June 1861 in the electorate during the 3rd New Zealand Parliament.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the incumbent, James Balfour Wemyss, who was travelling overseas and did not want the electorate unrepresented
He was replaced by William Wells.
Wells was the only nomination, so was declared elected unopposed.
References
Nelson Suburbs 1861
1861 elections in New Zealand
June 1861 events
Politics of Taranaki
Raimundo Arruda Sobrinho (born 1 August 1938, Brazil) was a Brazilian poet and writer. Born in a rural area of Goiás on 1 August 1938, he moved to São Paulo at the age of 23 where he worked as a gardener and a book seller. In the late 1970s, early 1980s, nearly at the end of the military dictatorship of Brazil, he became homeless, and this lasted for nearly 35 years. During this period he wrote several poems and short stories, but they remained unknown until they were discovered by Shalla Monteiro in April 2011, and through Facebook Stories in the early 2014.
On 22 December 2020, Shalla announced Raimundo's passing on his dedicated Facebook page.
References
External links
1938 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Brazilian poets
Brazilian male writers
Brazilian male poets
Homeless people
Gardeners
Living people
People from Goiás
Writers from São Paulo
21st-century Brazilian poets
Kubara Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 16.9 km2. The dam impounds about 11 ha of land when full and can store 1600 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1968 and completed in 1970.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1970 establishments in Japan
Rhabdotis aulica, known as the emerald fruit chafer, is a species of Scarabaeidae, the dung beetle family, and is found in Africa. Adult beetles, which are about long, feed on flowers and fruit, laying their eggs in goat and cattle manure. The pupae develop inside egg-shaped protective clay shells.
Description
Pronotum with a white marginal/elytral band. Elytra with white dots drawn out transversally, comprising a humeral dot, an apical dot, 2 or 3 discal dots on the posterior half of the elytra and 5 marginal dots extended by a subhumeral dash. Tibia green.
Subspecies
Rhabdotis aulica ssp. impunctata Allard, 1992
Rhabdotis aulica ssp. perpunctata Allard, 1992
Further reading
Allard (V.), The Beetles of the World, volume 12. Cetoniini 2 (Cetoniidae), 1992, Sciences Nat, Venette.
External links
Rhabdotis aulica photos at Beetlespace.wz.cz
Cetoniinae
Beetles of Africa
Beetles described in 1781
Putini may refer to:
Putini, a village near Răchitoasa, Romania
Putini, Croatia, a village near Kanfanar in Istria
The 2012 Duquesne Dukes Devils football team represented Duquesne University as a member of the Northeast Conference during the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. Led by eighth -year head coach Jerry Schmitt, the Dukes compiled and overall record of 5–6 with a mark of 3–5 in conference play, tying for sixth place in the NEC. Duquesne play their home games at Arthur J. Rooney Athletic Field in Pittsburgh.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Karl Ludwig Nitzsch (6 August 1751 – 5 December 1831) was a German theologian, a professor of theology since 1790.
Nitzsch was born in Wittenberg, where he studied from 1770 to 1775. He later served as a pastor in the towns of Beucha (from 1781) and Borna (from 1785). In 1788 he became a superintendent and consistorial assessor in Zeitz. In 1790 he obtained his doctorate in theology and during the same year became a professor at the University of Wittenberg. He was married to Louise Wernsdorf, the daughter of German rhetorician Johann Christian Wernsdorf. He died in his home city of Wittenberg.
Like his son, the better-known Karl Immanuel Nitzsch, he earned some distinction in the theological world by a number of writings, including a work entitled De discrimine revelationis imperaboriae et didacticae prolusiones academicae (2 volumes, 1830). Theologically, he represented a combination of supernaturalism and rationalism (supernatural rationalism or a Kantian rational supernaturalism).
In addition to the aforementioned work, he was the author of:
Ueber das Heil der Welt, 1817 – On salvation of the world.
Ueber das Heil der Kirche, 1821 – On salvation of the church.
Ueber das Heil der Theologie 1830 – On salvation of theology.
See also
Gregor Wilhelm Nitzsch
References
1751 births
1831 deaths
People from Wittenberg
19th-century German Protestant theologians
People from the Electorate of Saxony
University of Wittenberg faculty
19th-century German male writers
German male non-fiction writers
This List of Czech rail accidents contains those train wrecks which happened in the Czech Republic, including former territories which are now within the country.
List
References
Czech Republic
!
Rob Burley (born 1969) is an English television producer, formerly the BBC's editor of live political programmes. He was the editor of The Andrew Marr Show, Politics Live, Newscast on television, Newswatch and The Westminster Hour.
Early and personal life
Burley grew up in the 1970s and 1980s and was interested in politics from a young age. He obtained a degree in American studies from the University of Nottingham.
Burley lives in Brighton. He is a supporter of Liverpool F.C.
Burley contracted COVID-19 in March 2022.
Career
He began his career as a researcher for the Labour Party member of Parliament Paul Flynn. He joined ITV in 1996 and rose to become editor of its political shows The Sunday Edition and Jonathan Dimbleby. He also worked on Tonight, hosted by Trevor McDonald. He joined the BBC in 2008 and became executive editor of Question Time, deputy editor of Newsnight and assistant editor of BBC Breakfast. In 2018, he became the BBC's editor of live political programmes, succeeding Robbie Gibb. The role was based in Westminster and led Burley to take responsibility for the programmes Daily Politics, Sunday Politics, This Week, The Westminster Hour and Newswatch. When Daily Politics ended in 2018, Burley became editor of Politics Live, and later editor of The Andrew Neil Show and executive producer of the podcast Brexitcast on television.
The first episode of Politics Live generated criticism online because it featured a panel of five women. Burley said he had "zero shame" about the episode and that they had "invited people and they said yes and then we realised our best line-up was all female".
Following a November 2019 edition of Question Time, claims arose that a Brexit and Boris Johnson supporter in the show's audience was Burley's son. The fact-checking organisation Full Fact said that the false claim originated from a spoof Twitter account. The audience member's real identity was revealed to be a 19-year-old Conservative Party member, Layton J Smith.
Brexitcast was renamed Newscast after the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union on 31 January 2020. The final edition of Brexitcast was released on 1 February 2020, with the first edition of Newscast airing on 6 February.
Burley's role of editor of live political programmes was closed by the BBC in 2021.
In 2021, HarperCollins secured Burley's book, Why is This Lying Bastard Lying to Me?, due to be published in February 2023. In it, he humorously describes his experiences with British politicians and focuses on 12 political interviews over a 25-year period.
In 2022, Burley joined Global as executive editor of Andrew Marr's LBC programme Tonight with Andrew Marr.
Bibliography
Why Is This Lying Bastard Lying to Me?: 25 Years of Searching for the Truth on Political TV (HarperCollins, 2023)
References
External links
Rob Burley on Twitter
1969 births
Living people
English journalists
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
BBC people
BBC television producers
ITV people
Shendurni is a pilgrimage city on the banks of the Sone river in Jamner Taluka of Jalgaon district of Maharashtra, India. As per the constitution of India and the Panchyati Raaj Act, Shendurni village was administrated by Sarpanch (Head of Village) who is elected representative of village but currently it has been modified by nagar panchayat (Municipal Council) first elected Nagaradhyksha (Mayor of Town) at year 2016.
Education
Shendurni is also known as an educational hub and describes its history and journey:
The journey of the Shendurni Secondary Education Co-operative Society began in 1944.
The establishment of various institutions of the Shendurni Secondary Education Co-operative Society (SSECS) was made possible by the efforts of the Late. Shri. Appasaheb R. B. Garud, the Late. Shri. Rajmal Lakhichand Lalwani, the Late. Dr. Kakasaheb N. G. Sane, the Late. Acharya Shri. Bapusaheb Gajananrao Garud and the Late. Shri. Bhaskarrao Khanderao Garud. They were known for their practical, hands-on approach and this has helped the next generation to develop within the SSECS.
Garud College is a part of the SSECS and was established with the aim of promoting international understanding via quality rural education. The SSECS has formulated plans to initiate a number of future institutions. The SSECS's new Chairman, Shri. Sanjay Bhaskar Garud has a young and dynamic personality and unparalleled vision. Today SSECS is an educational institution in North Maharashtra, occupying 100+ acres of land with thousands of buildings and facilities, with infrastructure comparative to global standards.
The SSECS was started with the mandate: "serve the needs of the common people and societies in the rural area of Jalgaon District. It is a registered organization, Registration No. E-84-EK dated 23 June 1955, under the Mumbai Public Charity Act - 1950. From 1944 to the present day, the SSECS has been providing services in the areas of education, medical relief, religion and cultural and social projects to various sectors and communities in rural areas.
Network of Institutions of SSECS:
• Aacharya G.R. Garud Madhyamik Vidyalay, Shendurni
• Shrimati K.D. Naik Madhyamik Vidyalay, Paldhi
• Annaso B.K. Garud Madhyamik Vidyalay, Vakadi
• Shrimati. P.D. Badola Madhyamik Vidyalay, Varkhedi
• Dr. J. J. Pandit Madhyamik Vidyalay, Lohara
• Aappaso P.S. Patil Madhyamik Vidyalay, Nandra
• New English School, Betawad, Budruk
• Bhauso B.O. Patil Madhyamik Vidyalay, Tarkheda
• Pratap Madhyamik Vidyalay, Vadgaon
• Smt. A.K. Patil Madhyamik Vidyalay, Mangrul
• Ranidanji Jain Madhyamik Vidyalay, Vakod
• Vikas Madhyamik Vidyalay, Ganpur
• N.P. Patil Madhyamik Vidyalay, Palaskhede
• Smt. R.S. Jain Madhyamik Vidyalay, Tondapur
• Padmalay Madhyamik Vidyalay, Vitner
• Aacharya G.R. Garud Jr. College, Shendurni
• Aappasaheb R. B. Garud Arts, Commerce & Science College, Shendurni
• Ranidanji Jain Jr. College, Vakod
Aappasaheb R. B. Garud Arts, Commerce & Science College, Shendurni
Established in 1971, by the Shendurni Secondary Education Co-operative Society (SSECS). The Appasaheb Raghunathrao Bhaurao (ARB) Garud College is affiliated with the North Maharashtra University Jalgaon (NMUJ) and is re-accredited with B Grade CGP 2.58. The NACC, Bangalore. College is certified with ISO 2009-2008 and the NMUJ awarded an "A" Grade in Academic Audit, the NACC College aims to impart education and higher achievements in remote, small settlements, e.g. the Shendurni in Jalgaon District. The NACC College is fully equipped with a Junior and Senior College for Arts, Commerce, and Science faculty and provides education streams for years 11, 12 and both the Final Year and Tertiary Year. The NACC College is fully equipped with both indoor and outdoor stadiums. The NACC college focuses on providing skill-based education to ICT students.
Geography
Shendurni is located at 20°39'00" North and 75°35'00" East.
History and religious importance
Shendurni belonged to Tatyasaheb Dikshit, the family priest of Baji Rao II, the last of the Peshwas. The Dikshits were the first family in whose favor Baji Rao spoke to John Malcolm, and Shendurni was granted to them instead of Dalehkhand in Hindustan. This was during John Malcolm's tenure in office 1 November 1827 – 1 December 1830. In Shendurni Mahanubhav Panth founder Shri Chakradhar Swami came. And In the middle of the City Shri Datta Mandir Sansthan Temple is there. One temple is outside Vandeven. Outside of the town to the south, with a well fifteen feet by twelve and a broad flight of steps leading to the stream, is an old Hemadpanti temple sacred to Mahadev. The hall, forty-two feet by thirty, is built of long blocks of solid stone, and the roof is supported by stone pillars. Connected with the temple are about twenty minor shrines, some of them with curious carving. In the middle of the town, in an earthen cave, is an image of the god, Trivikram, in whose honor a yearly fair is held. According to local tradition, the god Trivikram, appearing to him in his sleep, implored Kadoba Buva Maharaj Teli, a famous local saint, to release him from his earthen prison. Kadoba Buva Maharaj began to dig in the market-place, found the image, and set it in the place where the temple now stands.
In addition to this Shendurni was place where attempt to avoid Udaybhan Rathod reach Kondhana took place in leadership of Subhedar Tanaji Malusare.
See also
Shendurni Municipal Council
Jamner Vidhansabha Constituency
Jamner Municipal Council
References
Gazetteer of Maharashtra
Cities and towns in Jalgaon district
Panthoibi Iratpa or Panthoibi Iraat Thouni or Panthoibi Puja is a religious festival of the Manipuri people dedicated to goddess Panthoibi, the goddess of courage, war, bravery and wisdom of Sanamahism (Manipuri religion). The festival falls on the same day of Hindu festival of Durga Puja. So, both the festival are celebrated together in Manipur. The goddess Panthoibi is also worshipped as the goddess of same attributes (riding on the tiger) with that of Hindu goddess Durga since 1714 AD during the reign of Emperor Garib Niwaj when he embraced Hinduism as the official religion in the kingdom of Manipur.
The Hiyangthang Lairembi Temple in Imphal West district is the largest site for the festival in Manipur.
References
Festivals in India
Sir William Paterson (April 1658 - 22 January 1719) was a Scottish trader and banker. He was one of the founders of the Bank of England and was one of the main proponents of the catastrophic Darien scheme. Later he became an advocate of Union with England.
Biography
Early life
William Paterson was born in his parents' farmhouse at Tinwald in Dumfriesshire, Scotland, and lived with them until he was seventeen, when he emigrated first (briefly) to Bristol and then to the Bahamas, although accounts differ as to the duration of his stays. During his time in the West Indies he first conceived the idea of the Darién scheme, his plan to create a colony on the isthmus of Panama, facilitating trade with the Far East. While in the West Indies, it is said that he acted as a merchant, developing a reputation for business acumen and dealings with local buccaneers.
Career
Paterson returned to Europe by the middle of the 1680s, and attempted to convince the English government under James II to undertake the Darién scheme. When they refused, he tried again to persuade the governments of the Holy Roman Empire and the Dutch Republic to establish a colony in Panama, but failed in both cases.
Paterson then went to London in 1687 and made his fortune with foreign trade (primarily through the slave trade with the West Indies) in the Merchant Taylors' Company. He also helped to found a company for supplying water to North London from the Hampstead Hills, known as the Hampstead Water Company which existed until the late 19th century.
In 1694, he co-founded the Bank of England. It was said that the project originated with him in 1691, as described in his pamphlet A Brief Account of the Intended Bank of England, to act as the English government's banker. He proposed a loan of £1.2m to the government; in return the subscribers would be incorporated as The Governor and Company of the Bank of England with banking privileges including the issue of notes. The Royal Charter was granted on 27 July 1694. On the foundation of the bank in 1694 he became a director. In 1695, owing to a disagreement with his colleagues, he withdrew from the board and devoted himself to the colony of Darien, unsuccessfully planted in 1698.
Darien scheme
Paterson relocated to Edinburgh, where he was able to convince the Scottish government to undertake the Darién scheme, a failed attempt to found an independent Scottish Empire in what is today Panama. Paterson personally accompanied the disastrous Scottish expedition to Panama in 1698, where his wife and child died while he himself became seriously ill. On his return to Scotland in December 1699, he became instrumental in the movement for the Union of Scotland and England, culminating in his support of the Act of Union 1707. He spent the last years of his life in Westminster, and died in January 1719. A mystery still surrounds the burial site of Paterson. Many (including officials at the Bank of England), believe he is buried in Sweetheart Abbey, New Abbey, Dumfries and Galloway.
Publications
Proposals and Reasons for Constitulating a Council of Trade (1701), a plan to create a Scottish council of Trade which would stimulate the Scottish economy and trade, partly by abolishing export duties.
A Proposal to plant a Colony in Darién to protect the Indians against Spain, and to open the Trade of South America to all Nations (1701), a broader version of the Darién scheme intended to bring free trade to all Central and South America.
Wednesday Club Dialogues upon the Union (1706), a series of imaginary dialogues in which Paterson expressed his beliefs that Scotland had to be guaranteed equal taxation, freedom of trade and proportionate representation in Parliament if union with England was to succeed.
See also
Acts of Union 1707
Saxe Bannister
Daniel Defoe, writer and novelist
John Holland, founder of the Bank of Scotland
Lionel Wafer, a buccaneer who had been marooned for four years on the isthmus of Darién, whom Paterson hired as an adviser for the Darién Scheme.
References
External links
Famous Scots - William Paterson
The Darien Venture, Dr Mike Ibeji (BBC)
1658 births
1719 deaths
People from Dumfries and Galloway
Scottish bankers
Scottish economists
People associated with the Bank of England
West Indies merchants
17th-century Scottish businesspeople
Cloth merchants
18th-century Scottish businesspeople
Burials at Sweetheart Abbey
Mohammad Mokhber Dezfuli () (born 1955) is an Iranian politician who is the 7th and current first vice president of Iran since August 8, 2021. Also he is currently member of the Expediency Discernment Council.
He was former head of the Execution of Imam Khomeini's Order (EIKO), the chairman of board at Sina Bank and deputy governor of Khuzestan Province. He was born in Dezful, Iran.
Education
Mohammad Mokhber possesses 2 doctoral degrees, including a doctorate academic paper (and a MA) in the subject of "international rights"; he has also a doctorate degree in the subject of management. As well as doctoral, Mokhber holds a MA in management field, too.
Sanction
In July 2010, the European Union included Mohammad Mokhber, president of Setad (Execution of Imam Khomeini's Order), in a list of persons and entities it was sanctioning for alleged involvement in the issue of “nuclear or ballistic missiles activities.” After passing two years, this sanction removed Mokhber from the mentioned list.
See also
Mohammad Reza Mokhber Dezfouli
References
1955 births
Living people
Iranian bankers
People from Dezful
Iranian politicians
Iranian individuals subject to the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctions
Anamorph and its derivates may refer to:
Biology
Anamorph, a part of the life cycle of fungi in the phyla Ascomycota and Basidiomycota
Anamorphosis (biology), a type of metamorphosis in which an arthropod adds body segments while retaining general form and habits
Art and film
Technologies
Anamorphosis or anamorphic image, where the viewer must use special devices or be in a specific place to see an undistorted image
Anamorphic format, in cinematography, stretching a widescreen picture to fit on 35 mm film
Anamorphic widescreen, in DVD manufacture, horizontally squeezing a widescreen image so it can be stored in a DVD image frame
Titled works
Anamorph (film), a 2007 film by Henry S. Miller
Anamorphosis (EP), by the Norwegian band Drottnar
Other uses
Anamorphism, a concept in computer science
See also
Animorphs, a book series by K. A. Applegate
Animorphs (video game), a 2000 video game based on the series
Hernando Hoyos (21 June 1921 – 2000) was a Colombian sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1921 births
2000 deaths
Colombian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Colombia
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Tolima Department
Neopotamia cathemacta is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Taiwan.
References
Moths described in 1989
Olethreutini
Seventh Key is an American rock band formed by Mike Slamer of City Boy and Streets and Billy Greer of Streets and Kansas. They record and perform live during Greer's downtime from Kansas.
The current lineup consists of Greer on bass and lead vocals, Slamer on guitar, bass, keyboards and drums (under the pseudonym "Chet Wynd"), Pat McDonald on drums, David Manion on keyboard, and Terry Brock on guitar and backing vocals. Jamie Thompson (2004) previously played drums, as well as guest appearances by Robby Steinhardt of Kansas on the violin (2005) and Johnny Greer on the mandolin (2005).
Discography
Studio albums
2001 - Seventh Key
2004 - The Raging Fire
2013 - I Will Survive
Live albums
2005 - Live in Atlanta
References
External links
Rock music groups from Florida
Musical groups established in 2001
Frontier Records artists
John Berry (April 26, 1833 – May 18, 1879) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1873 to 1875.
Life and career
Born near Carey, in that portion of Crawford County which is now Wyandot County, Ohio, Berry attended public schools and Ohio Wesleyan University at Delaware. He graduated from the law department of Cincinnati College, in 1857.
He was admitted to the bar in April 1857 and commenced practice in Upper Sandusky, Ohio.
Berry was elected prosecuting attorney of Wyandot County in 1862. He was reelected in 1864. He served as mayor of Upper Sandusky in 1864. A son, Junius, died as an infant in July of that year.
Congress and later career
Berry was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-third Congress (March 4, 1873 – March 4, 1875). He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1874. He resumed the practice of law in Upper Sandusky, Ohio, where he died May 18, 1879. He was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery, near Upper Sandusky, Ohio.
Sources
External links
1833 births
1879 deaths
Mayors of places in Ohio
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
People from Carey, Ohio
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Menabe Antimena is a protected area in Menabe region of western Madagascar.
Menabe Antimena is on the west coast of Madagascar, south of the Mania River. It covers an area of dry forest, succulent woodland, mangroves, and secondary grassland and scrub. It includes the northern portion of the Kirindy Forest and the Avenue of the Baobabs.
Large areas have been illegally logged, burned, and converted to maize fields, which threatens the area's wildlife, including the critically endangered Madame Berthe's mouse lemur (Microcebus berthae), the smallest primate in the world.
Tsiribihina mangroves
The Tsiribihina mangroves extend along the coast around the mouth of the Tsiribihina River. The mangroves are mostly within the reserve, with the portion north of the river outside it. There are about 20,000 hectares of mangroves, 8.5% of Madagascar's mangroves by area, along with lagoons, marshes, sandbanks, salt flats, and mud flats. About 40,000 waterbirds from 44 species live in the wetlands, including large numbers of lesser crested tern (Thalasseus bengalensis), lesser flamingo (Phoeniconaias minor), greater flamingo (Phoenicopterus roseus), crab-plover (Dromas ardeola), curlew sandpiper (Calidris ferruginea) and sanderling (Calidris alba). Threatened species include the Madagascar fish eagle (Haliaeetus vociferoides), Madagascar teal (Anas bernieri), Malagasy sacred ibis (Threskiornis bernieri), Madagascar heron (Ardea humbloti), Madagascar plover (Charadrius thoracicus), and Madagascar pratincole (Glareola ocularis).
The wetland is also home to the lemur Verreaux's sifaka (Propithecus verreauxi) the Madagascan flying fox (Pteropus rufus), and the critically endangered hawksbill sea turtle (Eretmochelys imbricata).
The Tsiribihina mangroves (Mangroves de Tsiribihina) and were declared a Ramsar site (wetland of international importance) in 2017, with an area of 47,218 ha. Deforestation upstream threatens the wetlands and offshore coral reefs with siltation.
Bedo wetlands
The Bedo wetlands (Zones humides de Bedo) are also within the Menabe Antimena protected area. They are located on the lower Mandroatse River, south of the Tsiribihina and north of the Morondava River, at the western edge of the Marandravy and Analabe forests. The wetlands are habitat for water birds, including the vulnerable Madagascar plover (Charadrius thoracicus) and endangered Madagascar teal (Anas bernieri) and Madagascar heron (Ardea humbloti). The Mandroatse River is home to the Marakely fish (Paratilapia polleni), a threatened Madagascar endemic, and the Nile crocodile.
Local people depend on the wetlands for fish and bullrushes (Typha angustifolia), which are harvested for basketry and house roofs.
The Bedo wetlands were declared a Ramsar site in 2007, covering an area of 1,692 ha.
References
Protected areas of Madagascar
Geography of Madagascar
Menabe
Protected areas established in 2006
Forests of Madagascar
Madagascar dry deciduous forests
Madagascar succulent woodlands
Ramsar sites in Madagascar
Neasura taprobana is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by George Hampson in 1907. It is found in Sri Lanka.
References
Moths described in 1907
Lithosiini
Polina Dashkova (born 14 July 1960) is a successful Russian crime novelist.
Life
Dashkova was born in Moscow in 1960. She was educated at the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute and then she worked as a journalist and as a translator from English. Her first novel was published in 1996. Since then she has published a series of books which are based upon the recent time of changes in Russia. She has sold over 40 million books.
She has sold 300,000 books in Germany and she won the Krimipreis crime award from Radio Bremen in 2006. At least a dozen of her books have been translated into German. A few of her books have been translated into Chinese, Dutch, French, German, Polish, Spanish.
Works
References
1960 births
Living people
Writers from Moscow
Russian women novelists
20th-century Russian women writers
Maxim Gorky Literature Institute alumni
Cornwall Hospice Care is a charity-funded hospice based in Cornwall, England, established in 1980 providing palliative care.
It operates Mount Edgcumbe Hospice in St Austell and St Julia's Hospice in Hayle. From 1999 until 2006 the two hospices were run as separate charities though with a single Board of Trustees and one senior management team. , it cost £8.4million a year to run the organisation, but only 11% of this was funded by the NHS, much less than the national funding average of 34% for hospices.
The Wolfson Foundation provided a grant of £88,000 towards a major refurbishment of Mount Edgcumbe Hospice in 2013.
References
External links
Hospices in England
Health in Cornwall
1980 establishments in England
Tyler Ray Ward (born March 12, 1984) is an American independent singer, songwriter, and producer. On his YouTube channel, he has over 2 million subscribers with 5+ billion views. Ward also has a strong social media following on sites like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Spotify.
Personal life
Before Ward had interest in music, his focus was on athletics.<ref>"Tyler Ward: A Digital Musician Hits The Road And Meets YouTube Fame Face-to-Face" Forbes Tech'. Retrieved December 27, 2015</ref> After graduating from high school, he enrolled at the United States Air Force Academy Preparatory School, where he studied and played football. Ward left the Air Force Academy after his first semester and transferred to University of Northern Colorado as a scholarship collegiate football athlete.
Musical career
Ward has become a well-known artist in part through his use of social media, posting a mix of covers and originals on YouTube. He has successfully completed five worldwide headlining tours and has played shows with many mainstream artists including Switchfoot, The Beach Boys, Aloe Blacc, The Jonas Brothers, The Fray, Yung Joc, and many more. Through his music video career, Ward has performed and produced most of his early songs and many of the current ones in his parents' basement, which he later turned into a proper recording space. Nowadays, Ward produces most of his music on the road or in his Los Angeles recording studio.
Ward was number five on Billboard's Top 100 Uncharted List and was also ranked on Billboard's Social 50 Chart for several weeks.Uncharted Territory: Traphik, Tyler Ward, Teen Hearts and More Billboard.com Retrieved July 21, 2012
In 2011, Ward performed a duet with The Band Perry, celebrating the Academy of Country Music Awards, and went on a tour with Boyce Avenue. Later that year, he performed with Christina Grimmie live on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. Their performance aired nationwide on October 10, 2011.
On September 25, 2012, Ward released an EP titled Hello. Love. Heartbreak. on iTunes. In early January 2013, the artist confirmed that he had signed with Sony Music Germany.
In June 2013, Jason Derulo joined Ward by singing the acoustic version of "The Other Side".
In October 2013, Warner Music Group retained seven YouTube stars, including Ward, Kina Grannis, and Peter Hollens, to help promote a new single by Hunter Hayes and Jason Mraz. Ward and the others independently recorded versions of the song, "Everybody's Got Somebody But Me"; these were subsequently mashed up into a video posted exclusively on YouTube. This was the first such venture by Warner, whose senior vice-president for interactive marketing said optimistically that "[f]or some kids, people like Kurt Schneider and Tyler Ward are people that they trust."
Ward released his debut album on October 18, 2013, titled Honestly. It included twelve original songs that featured up-and-coming artists including Alex G. and Lindsey Stirling. Ward completed his fifth headlining tour in the winter of 2015 in Europe and North America.
In December 2015, he was picked as Elvis Duran's Artist of the Month and was featured on NBC's Today'' show hosted by Kathy Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb and broadcast nationally, where he performed live his single "Yellow Boxes".
In 2016, after the tragic death of Christina Grimmie, Tyler released a music video named "A song for Christina Grimmie", dedicated to her and their friendship.
Between 2017 and 2018, Ward released ten original singles. His song "What It's Like to Be Lonely" was well received by critics and fans.
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
References
External links
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
Record producers from Colorado
American male pop singers
Fullscreen (company) people
21st-century American singers
Singers from Denver
21st-century American male singers
Male YouTubers
YouTube channels
1984 births
Singer-songwriters from Colorado
Pierre de Manchicourt (c. 1510 – 5 October 1564) was a Renaissance composer of the Franco-Flemish School.
De Manchicourt was born at Béthune. Little is known of his early life other than that he was a choirboy at Arras in 1525; later in life he had a succession of posts in Arras, Tours and Tournai, before going to Spain to be master of the Flemish chapel (capilla flamenca) at the court of Philip II, where he stayed for the remainder of his life.
Similar to many composers of the early to mid 16th century, he predominantly wrote masses, motets and chansons. His motets are particularly significant as they show the three separate stages of early sixteenth century motet development, highly unusual to find in the work of a single composer. In his earliest motets one can hear the influence of Ockeghem; in his middle period works, the paired imitation style of Josquin des Prez; and in his late works the stylistic refinement, well-crafted melodic lines and pervasive imitation recall Gombert.
Manchicourt is an excellent example of a Franco-Flemish composer who learned his craft and art in northern Europe, and then assisted in the diffusion of the style by traveling to another region and composing and performing there. The movement of these many skilled composers out of Flanders and northern France created what was one of the first truly international styles since the original diffusion of Gregorian chant during the reign of Charlemagne.
He died in Madrid and was succeeded as maestro de capilla by Jean de Bonmarché.
Recordings
Manchicourt, Missa Cuidez vous que Dieu (The Brabant Ensemble, Stephen Rice (conductor)) on Hyperion CDA67604
Manchicourt, Missa Veni Sancte Spiritus, Motets, Chansons (Huelgas Ensemble, Paul Van Nevel) on Sony Classical SK 62694
Manchicourt, Missa Reges terrae and Motets (The Choir of St. Luke in the Fields, David Shuler (director)) on MSR Classics MS 1632
Manchicourt, Missa de Requiem and 4 Motets (The Choir of The Church of the Advent, Boston, Edith Ho (director)) on Arsis SACD 406
Manchicourt, Missa Non conturbantur cor vestrum and 5 Motets (The Choir of the Church of the Advent, Boston, Edith Ho (director) on Arsis SACD 400.
Manchicourt, Missa Quo abiit dilectus tuus (Les Chanteurs De Saint-Eustache, R.P. Emile Martin (director)) on BAM Records (Éditions De La Boîte À Musique) LD 022
Manchicourt, Missa Nisi Dominus (Egidius Kwartet & College) on Etcetera KTC 1415
References and further reading
"Pierre de Manchicourt", in The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie. 20 vols. London, Macmillan Publishers Ltd., 1980.
Gustave Reese, Music in the Renaissance. New York, W.W. Norton & Co., 1954.
1510s births
1564 deaths
People from Béthune
French composers
Renaissance composers
French classical composers
French male classical composers
16th-century Franco-Flemish composers
The Vermont Catamounts women's ice hockey program represents the University of Vermont. The Catamounts compete in Hockey East. Their first year of varsity women's hockey was in 1998-99. The Catamounts were in the ECAC at the Division III level of competition. In 2001-02, the Catamounts moved up to Division I. For the 2005-06 season, the Catamounts moved to Hockey East.
History
The Vermont Catamounts women's ice hockey program was launched in 1995-1996, under head coach Bruce Garrapy.
During the 2003-04 season, Kami Cote of Vermont set an NCAA record for most saves in one season with 1332.
During the 2010-11 season, Roxanne Douville earned consecutive shutouts against No. 9 Providence (Jan. 30) and Maine (Feb. 5) establishing a new program record shutout streak of 164 minutes and 13 seconds. In addition, she became only the second Vermont player to be named to the Hockey East All-Rookie Team.
The 2013- 2014 season saw Vermont's best finish, ending the season 18-4-4, and earning fourth place in Hockey East. They won their quarterfinal match-up against Maine with three overtime wins. They advanced to meet Boston College in the semi-finals, losing by a score of 1-3. Catamount head coach Jim Plumer won the Hockey East co-Coach of the Year award and the New England Division I Women's Coach of the Year award.
In 2019-2020, sophomore defenceman Maude Poulin-Labelle set the team's record for points by a defenseman in a single season, with 12 goals and 17 assists, for 29 points. Her goals total tied for first among Catamount defensemen. She was Hockey East player of the Week on January 6, 2020. She was nominated for the Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award, and earned a spot on the Hockey East All Star Third Team. The Catamounts started the season on a four game unbeaten streak, and lost just 2 games in their first 12 matches. They made the Hockey East tournament for the eighth consecutive year, but fell to the eventual tournament winners, the Northeastern Huskies, in the quarterfinals.
On November 11, 2020, Hockey East announced the 2020-2021 schedule for men's and women's ice hockey. League play had been postponed due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, which caused the cancellation of the 2020 NCAA women's ice hockey tournament. Beginning on November 20, women's hockey resumes in a round robin format with each team playing 18 games, to determine the regular season champion. Flex weekends are planned to allow for canceled matches to be played as needed.
During the 2021-2022 season, the Catamounts were ranked for the first time in program history at #10 in the USCHO poll on January 31, 2022. They were ranked at #10 in the USA Hockey poll on February 22, 2022 for the first time ever. They also set a program record of 22 wins in a season.
Year by year
Roster
As of September 26, 2022.
Player stats
Career points
All-Time Leaders Goaltending
Awards and honors
AWCHA honors
ECAC honors
Hockey East honors
Hockey Humanitarian Award
2003- Jenny Agnew, Nominee
2005- Kami Cote, Nominee
2006- Abby Kaknes, Nominee
2014- Danielle Rancourt, Finalist
Sarah Devens Award
2018- Taylor Willard
National Strength & Conditioning All-American
2006- Gabe Worzella
2007- Kristen Norris
New England Hockey Writers Division l All-Star
2013- Roxanne Douville
2014- Roxanne Douville
2014- Amanda Pelkey
New England Division l Women's Coach of the Year
2014- Jim Plumer
2017- Jim Plumer
Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award
2020- Maude Poulin-Labelle, Nominee
2022- Theresa Schafzahl, Top 10 Finalist
University of Vermont Athletic Hall of Fame
2013- Tiffany Hayes
2015- Kami Cote
Division I CCM/AHCA All-Americans
2022- Theresa Schafzahl, First Team
2022- Maude Poulin-Labelle, Second Team
All-USCHO Teams
2022- Theresa Schafzahl, Second Team
Records
Career records
Single season records
Single Game records
Single Game individual records
Single game team records
Catamounts in professional hockey
Olympians
Chelsea Rapin, who played for the team from 2008-2012, was a referee for the women's tournament in the 2022 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
Vermont Catamounts women's ice hockey
Ice hockey teams in Vermont
1995 establishments in Vermont
Ice hockey clubs established in 1995
Juan Argüello (born 8 March 1947) is a Nicaraguan sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Nicaraguan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Nicaragua
Sportspeople from Managua
Zirsangzela Hnamte (1 December 1952 - 15 October 2002) was a writer of Mizo literature. He started composing at 17. He composed over 75 songs. Many of his songs are now used as study material in high school and colleges of Mizoram.
Personal
Hnamte was born in Sialsuk in 1952 and was the eldest among 8 siblings. He is said to be introverted.
Recognition
Best Composer of Mizo Songs 1977: Shillong, Ṭhalfavang Kut
Best Composer of Mizo Songs 1980: Mizoram Beat and Music contest Organised by IPR &T Govt. of Mizoram .
Composer of song of the Year, 1989: Mizo Zaimi Inzawmkhawm Award.
Composer of song of the Year, 1986: Lelte Weekly Magazine, Five Tops of Mizoram Poll.
Songs
Some of the songs that were composed by Zirsangzela are:
Lo Kir rawh (1969)
Tawn leh ni tur (1969)
Dam ni her ve ang maw suihlunglen hi (1969)
Nunhlui liam hnu (1969)
Kar hla di (1970)
Remna lo leng rawh se (1971)
Din thar leh ang (1973)
Tni her thuai se (1973)
Sem zel nang e hmangaihna (1973)
Tawn har di (1973)
Run zau (1973)
Di len mawii (1974)
Kam khat a tawk (1974)
Lunglen tuar zir (1974)
(1974)
Ka ring lo che (1974)
Hmangaihna rinawm (1974)
Lawm thu (1974)
Ainawni (1975)
Dawn lo (1975)
Thai Mami (1975)
Di Hlui (1975)
Phengphe Nunnem (1976)
Lenrual An Kim Ta Lo (1976)
Mary Jones School (197*)
Pawm Leh Nang Che (1977)
Autograph (1977)
Ka To Ber (1977)
Thal Favang Kut (1977)
Thuchah Hnuhnung (1977)
Kawmthlang-Nu Chan (1978)
Piancham Lawm Hla (1978)
Bang Ziakin A (1978)
I Tan Ka Nung Tawh ang (1978)
Hlim Zan (1978)
A Pawi Ber Mai (1978)
Darthlalang (1978)
I Chul Tur Hi (1979)
Sulhnu Leh Lunglen (1978)
Thahmingliani (197*)
Zeenat Aman (1978)
Luah Loh Run (1979)
Thlafam Vangkhua I Kaipui Le (197*)
A Nem Zel Ngai e (1979)
Zo Nun Mawi (1979)
A Hril Ve Tur (1979)
Run Hmun Len I Rel Ang (1979)
A Pawi Mange Ka Thian (1980)
I Mawi Ber Mai (1980)
Thlafam Min Chansan Le (1980)
Engvang Nge Ni ? (1980)
Ka Ngai Ber Che (1980)
Perkhuang Zai Tin Thiam (1980)
Lawm Zel Tang E (1980)
Zoremsiami (1980)
Hnem Dun Ang Aw (1980)
Sekibuhchhuak (1981)
Chun leh Zua Ngaih (1981)
I harh ang U (1982)
A Rem Lul Lo (1982)
Kumtluang Par (1987)
Pathian I Ni Si A (1995)
Kan Ngai Em Che
Ka Hmang Ral Leh Thin
Tah A Tul Leh Thin
Biakloh Di Zun
Hangaihna Tluantling
Cho Loh Di (1982)
I Harh Ang U (1999)
See also
Mizo literature
References
Scholars from Mizoram
Mizo people
Indian male writers
Writers from Mizoram
1952 births
2002 deaths
A trigeminal ganglion (or Gasserian ganglion, or semilunar ganglion, or Gasser's ganglion) is the sensory ganglion at the base of each of the two trigeminal nerves (CN V), occupying a cavity (Meckel's cave) in the dura mater, covering the trigeminal impression near the apex of the petrous part of the temporal bone.
Structure
It is somewhat crescent-shaped, with its convexity directed forward: Medially, it is in relation with the internal carotid artery and the posterior part of the cavernous sinus.
The motor root runs in front of and medial to the sensory root, and passes beneath the ganglion; it leaves the skull through the foramen ovale, and, immediately below this foramen, joins the mandibular nerve.
The greater superficial petrosal nerve lies also underneath the ganglion.
The ganglion receives, on its medial side, filaments from the carotid plexus of the sympathetic.
It gives off minute branches to the tentorium cerebelli, and to the dura mater in the middle fossa of the cranium.
From its convex border, which is directed forward and lateralward, three large nerves proceed, viz., the ophthalmic (V1), maxillary (V2), and mandibular (V3).
The ophthalmic and maxillary consist exclusively of sensory fibers; the mandibular is joined outside the cranium by the motor root.
Clinical significance
After recovery from a primary herpes infection, the virus is not cleared from the body, but rather lies dormant in a non-replicating state within the trigeminal ganglion.
Herpes Labialis may follow from primary herpes infection/herpetic gingivostomatitis
The trigeminal ganglion is damaged, by infection or surgery, in Trigeminal trophic syndrome. Trigeminal trophic syndrome causes paresthesias and anesthesia, which may lead to erosions of the nasal ala.
The thermocoagulation or injection of glycerol into the trigeminal ganglion has been used in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia.
Other animals
Rodents
In rodents, the trigeminal ganglion is important as it is the first part of the pathway from the whiskers to the brain. Cell bodies of the whisker primary afferents are found here. These afferents are mechanoreceptor cells that fire in response to whisker deflection.
There are around 26,000–43,000 cell bodies in rodent Trigeminal ganglion. It is possible that there are two distinct (or perhaps continuous) populations of cells having slowly and rapidly adapting responses to stimuli.
It is found at the base of the skull and projects to trigeminal brain stem areas including principalis, spinal trigeminal nucleus, interpolaris, and caudalis.
Additional images
References
External links
Diagram at University of Manitoba
Diagram (as "Gasserian Ganglion") at frca.co.uk
()
Sensory ganglia
Cranial nerves
Liu Heng-ching (, 8 March 1900 – 8 August 1979) was a Chinese politician. She was among the first group of women elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1948.
Biography
Originally from Panyu County, Liu graduated from , after which she carried out research at the Teacher's College of Columbia University in the United States. Returning to China, she worked as headmistress of Jiangsu Provincial Nanjing Girls' High School and taught at Chongqing Private Rural Construction College.
Liu became a member of the Kuomintang and served on its central supervisory committee. In the 1948 elections to the Legislative Yuan, she ran as a Kuomintang candidate in Nanjing and was elected to parliament. She relocated to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War, where she remained a member of the Legislative Yuan until her death in 1979.
References
1900 births
Columbia University alumni
Chinese schoolteachers
20th-century Chinese women politicians
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
1979 deaths
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
20th-century Taiwanese women politicians
Tukoio is the name of a legendary or mythological chief in Māori mythology.
In a story from the Māori tradition of the Whanganui area, Tukoio, a mortal man, came across a Maero or Mohoao, a wild person or monster much feared in Maori legend. The creature instantly attacked him, fighting fiercely until Tukoio cut off its limbs and head, which he took as a trophy back to his village. However, when the severed head cried out for help from its clan, Tukoio instantly dropped the head and ran, fearing retaliation. When he and some of his villagers returned, they found the Mohoao gone, having reassembled itself and returned to the forest.
References
Tukoio, A chief of the upper Whanganui. Journal of the Polynesian Society, Vol 15:43-44, 1906.
Bacon, Ronald Leonard, 2004. Mohoao, the fierce fairy person: a story from the forests of Whanganui. Waiatarua Pub: Auckland, New Zealand. ( A children's reader).
Māori mythology
The Finger of Justice is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Louis Chaudet. The film is based upon the campaign to close down the red-light district of the Barbary Coast of San Francisco.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, William Randall (Barrows), a political boss, allows evil to flourish in his city district while he enjoys great profits. The arrival of the Reverend Noel Delaney (Wilbur) and his fight against the underworld frightens the political leader. When he finds his daughter Betty (Booker) has been lured into one of the dives, he goes to her rescue and is killed. His death awakens the people and shortly Delaney's efforts are successful.
Cast
Crane Wilbur as Noel Delaney
Henry A. Barrows as William Randall
Jane O'Rourke as Yvonne
Mae Gaston as Mary
Leota Lorraine as Edith
Beulah Booker as Betty Randall
Velma Whitman as Louise Bradley
Jean Hathaway as Mrs. Bradley
John Oaker as Flip
Jack Lott as Jack Randall
Reception
Although the film was about an anti-vice campaign, the subject of prostitution created issues in showing the film. The film was scheduled to premiere on 29 June 1918 at the Lyric Theatre in New York City, but New York did not authorize showing the film. Although the film was endorsed by the Superintendent of Police in Washington, D.C., it was banned in Maryland, New York, and Chicago.
Preservation
A copy of the film has been released on DVD.
References
External links
Review in the San Bernardino News
1918 films
1918 drama films
Silent American drama films
Arrow Film Corporation films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Louis Chaudet
1910s American films
Our Barrio is a 2016 drama short film directed by Ryan Casselman and written by Casselman and Yvette Angulo. The film stars Angulo, Rick Mancia, Francisco Javier Gomez, Andrea Sevilla and Robby Perez. The film screened at Palm Springs International ShortFest and won awards at Oceanside International Film Festival and Riverside International Film Festival. It was distributed by Indieflix.
Plot
Gabriela is on the verge of adulthood, living with her family in a diverse neighborhood. Grappling with her own name, she must find herself when her life comes to a halt.
Cast
Yvette Angulo
Rick Mancia
Francisco Javier Gomez
Andrea Sevilla
Robby Perez
Production
Principal photography took place in Barrio Logan and City Heights. Most of the cast was Latino, from San Diego County and Los Angeles. The film was made to authentically represent the Latino community, political and social climate, and diverse communities.
Release
Our Barrio screened at Palm Springs International ShortFest. The film was distributed by Indieflix.
Reception
Accolades
References
External links
2016 short films
American drama short films
Films shot in San Diego
Films set in San Diego
Hispanic and Latino American drama films
2016 drama films
Mexican-American films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Films about families
American political drama films
2010s political drama films
Newbie Junction Halt railway station was a railway station in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland, located just west of Annan on the old Glasgow and South Western Railway main line that briefly served workers employed 0.5 mile or circa 800 metres away at the Cochran & Co. Boiler factory and the Newbie Brick and Tile Works at Newbie. The Newbie Siding branched off near the halt and was accessed from the west.
History
The halt was not open to the general public and only served workers at the factories served by the Newbie Branch. Trains served these workers halt in the morning and evening. It is not recorded if workers were taken to their destination by rail or whether they walked the short half-mile, however it seems unlikely given the short distance and a passenger carriage would be required and a platform of some description at the end of the line. The Newbie Brick and Tile Works had closed and the track lifted by 1929 and terraced housing was constructed for the boiler factory employees. The halt opened around 1898 and was closed around 1904.
Operation
In 1898 the key for Newbie Junction was kept in an Annan railway station signal box and the Newbie Junction box was opened as required by a porter travelling by train from Annan.
In 1898 no trains were permitted to call at Newbie Branch Junction during foggy weather or between sunset and sunrise unless the Main Line and Branch Signals were lit.
if a train had to call at Newbie Junction the following procedures were to be followed with "Is Line Clear?" signalled "as applicable to a train calling at an intermediate siding in a Block Section must be sent to Cummertrees. The signalman in Annan Cabin must not allow a Down Train to follow until the "Line Clear" or "Train out of Section" Signal, as the case may be had been received from Cummertrees, indicating that the train which called at Newbie Branch Junction has arrived complete with the tail lamp attached, and has passed forward clear of the section, or been shunted clear of the Down Line."
Infrastructure
The halt stood on a double track section of track and the mineral branch was served by trains from the west. No details survive of the stations construction however it is likely to have been built of wood. The halt was 73 miles from Kilmarnock railway station. A signal box stood on the south side of the line here, opposite the junction to Newbie with main line and branch signal posts present. A network of lanes joined the station site with the nearby factories via Milnfield and a path running beside the River Annan.
The site today
The single track Newbie Branch line ran into the boiler factory that has now been mostly lifted and nothing remains of the halt. The large factory site is partly camouflaged by tree plantations and some unused track remains in situ within the works itself. No signal box is present and an old crossover has been lifted.
References
Sources
Lindsay, David M. E. (2002). G&SWR. Register of Stations, Routes and Lines. Kilmarnock:G&SWR Association.
Wham, Alasdair (2017). Exploring Dumfries & Galloway's Lost Railway Heritage. Catrine:The Oakwood Press. .
External links
The Newbie Branch Railway
Disused railway stations in Dumfries and Galloway
Former Glasgow and South Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1898
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1904
Donald Esty Jr. is an American politician from Maine. He served as the mayor of Westbrook, Maine and State Senator for Maine from 1986 to 1994.
Political career
Esty was a member of the Westbrook City Council for ten years and served as the body's president for six years before being elected to the Maine Senate. He served as the chairman of the Senate Labor Committee and as Senate Majority Leader from 1993 to 1994. After leaving the Senate Esty was elected Mayor of Westbrook, serving from 1998 to 2003 before losing his bid for reelection.
Personal
He is married to Katherine Esty, who works at IDEXX Laboratories, and has three daughters. Esty taught math at Falmouth High School and was the head coach of the school's soccer and softball teams.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Mayors of Westbrook, Maine
Majority leaders of the Maine Senate
Maine Democrats
University of Maine alumni
Arhaus is an American retail chain that designs and sells home furnishings online and through its retail stores and catalogs. The company is headquartered in Boston Heights, Ohio.
History
Arhaus was founded in 1986 by John Reed and his father, Jack Reed, as a furniture store in The Flats of Cleveland, Ohio. The company name is a portmanteau of the Danish city "Aarhus," and the German word for "house." The Reeds expanded Arhaus that same year, converting four Workbench franchise stores in the Cleveland and Akron, Ohio area into Arhaus storefronts.
In 2013, the company formerly known as Homeworks, Inc. changed its name to Arhaus, LLC.
In 2015, the chain had 57 storefronts in the United States. As of 2017, the chain had 67 storefronts in the United States.
In 2014, Freeman Spogli & Co., a private equity firm, acquired a minority stake in Arhaus for an undisclosed amount.
In 2016, Arhaus moved its headquarters from Walton Hills, Ohio to Boston Heights, Ohio.
In 2019, Arhaus opened its new flagship location at Legacy Village in Lyndhurst, Ohio.
In 2021 Arhaus became listed on the Nasdaq with an initial public offering that valued the company at $1.75 billion.
Growth
, Arhaus operates 80 locations across America in 28 states. The company has opened in-mall locations, including anchor stores, as well as freestanding locations as part of open air shopping centers. In 2014, Arhaus opened their first locations in Arizona and California in addition to six other stores. In 2015, Arhaus opened seven new stores, including locations in Louisiana and Kansas, bringing total store count up to 60 by the end of the year. Arhaus opened multiple New York locations in 2016 as well as another location in Texas. In 2017, Arhaus opened its first Alabama and Wisconsin locations as well as another California location, increasing store count to 70.
Products
Arhaus sells home furniture and decor products such as sofas, dining tables and chairs, bedroom furniture, bedding, media centers, tableware, rugs and lighting. The company adapts its storefronts to reflect local markets and influences.
According to Arhaus, the company does not source materials from endangered rainforests for its furniture. The company reports that around 50% of its product incorporates recycled materials.
Arhaus sells "relics" as a part of their product offering. "Relics" are antiques that have been purchased by the company, refurbished or repurposed, and then are sold off the floor by Arhaus.
References
External links
Home decor retailers
American companies established in 1986
Retail companies established in 1986
Furniture retailers of the United States
Companies based in Cleveland
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
1986 establishments in Ohio
2021 initial public offerings
Virginia's 2nd House of Delegates district is one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. District 2 represents parts of Prince William and Stafford counties. The seat is currently held by Democrat Candi King.
Elections
2017
The seat was previously held by Republican L. Mark Dudenhefer. He announced in January 2017 he would not seek reelection.
Democrat Jennifer Carroll Foy won the June 2017 primary to become the Democratic candidate. She initially faced Republican Laquan Austion; however he withdrew from the race in August 2017. Republicans selected Michael Makee to run instead. Carroll Foy won the November general election.
2019
Carroll Foy was re-elected.
2021 special election
Carroll Foy resigned effective December 12, 2020, to focus on her campaign for the 2021 Virginia gubernatorial election. Democrat Candi King won an election to fill the seat on January 5, 2021.
District officeholders
References
External links
2nd House of Delegates district map
002
Prince William County, Virginia
Stafford County, Virginia
Pelosia ankaratrae is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Lithosiina
Moths described in 1954
Tonio Borg (born 12 May 1957) is a conservative Maltese politician who served as the European Commissioner for Health and Consumer Policy replacing John Dalli as member of the College of the European Commission in the second Barroso Commission.
Political views
Borg's political views have been described as Christian Democratic inspired by Catholic social teaching. He had proposed to entrench into the Maltese Constitution the sections of the law banning abortion (already a criminal offence in Malta).
In Parliament, he voted against the introduction of a divorce law, despite it being upheld in a consultative referendum. Borg also spoke out in 2009 against including cohabiting couples (either heterosexual or homosexual) as beneficiaries to legislation enacted around the time of the Second World War intended to protect tenants during the housing shortage of the time.
During Borg's nominee for commissioner, the president of the European Humanist Association said: “We believe that this candidacy is clearly damaging for Europe and seriously concerning for the quality of health services enjoyed by those millions of European citizens. There are serious doubts as to whether Borg shares this commitment. As Minister of Justice in Malta, he repeatedly and vigorously opposed women's sexual and reproductive rights and even campaigned in 2004 to constitutionalize the abortion ban in his home country. In 2011, he also strongly opposed the legalisation of divorce in Malta. In addition, he has openly expressed contempt for the LGBT community and opposed the recognition of the rights of homosexual co-habiting couples in the Maltese Parliament in 2009. Finally, as Home Affairs Minister, he clearly failed to protect the rights of illegal migrants.”
During Borg' nominee to become commission the European Parliament Intergroup speaking on behalf of ILGA (an LGBT advocacy group) has said “Tonio Borg's views on abortion, homosexuality and divorce are staunchly conservative and outdated. While not necessarily on topics of EU competence, he views his strong opinions as ‘issues of conscience', which would prevent him from being an impartial commissioner especially with the public health portfolio.”
Other activities
European Medicines Agency (EMA), Member of the Management Board
Recognition
In December 2018 Borg was appointed Companion of the Order of Merit (KOM) by the President of Malta.
Publications
References
External links
Political offices
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1957 births
Living people
People from Floriana
University of Malta alumni
Members of the House of Representatives of Malta
Deputy Prime Ministers of Malta
Maltese European Commissioners
Nationalist Party (Malta) politicians
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, 1st Class
Government ministers of Malta
Foreign ministers of Malta
21st-century Maltese politicians
The black-capped tanager (Stilpnia heinei) is one of the many species of Neotropical bird in the family Thraupidae. It lives in mountains of Ecuador, Colombia and Venezuela year-round. This bird can often be found in open landscapes, alone or in pairs, hiding under branches of trees and bushes. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy and nomenclature
The black-capped tanager was described in 1851, from a type specimen collected in Colombia. It is a member of the genus Stilpnia, in the tanager family, Thraupidae. In Spanish, it is locally called "Tangara gorrinegra" or "Tangara coroninegra". The black-capped tanager is a songbird (Passeriformes). The tanagers are a very diverse group with over 300 species that account for more than 10% of all birds in the Neotropics. The genus name Stilpnia was proposed in 2016 instead of Tangara for T. heinei in order to match the phylogenetic relationships among tanagers. This was based on DNA analysis done in the tanager family. This bird is most closely related to the straw-backed tanager (Stilpnia argyrofenges) from which it diverged during the late Pleistocene glaciation cycles.
"Black-capped tanager" has been designated as the official common name for the species by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOC).
Description
The black-capped tanager is approximately long, and weighs between 18 and 20 grams. The bird's iris is dark brown, while the beak and legs are black. The male of the species has a black crown, with the black extending to the lores, forehead, and upper nape. Its upper-parts are a shining silvery bluish-grey, which extends to the upper tail coverts, and contrasts sharply with the black crown. The upperwing-coverts are a duller bluish-grey, with an edging of duller blue, whereas the primary coverts are black, with a dull blue edge paler than that of the wing coverts. The tertial feathers are also black with a blue outer edge. The throat, the sides of the neck, the sides of the head till the eye, and the chest are a shining aquamarine-green or opalescent green. The feathers are lanceolate, or spear-shaped. Their black bases are thus visible, giving this area of the bird a streaked or scaly appearance, which is especially visible on the chest. The rest of the underparts are a dull and uniform greyish-blue, with the exception of the undertail-coverts: these feathers have dark centers and broad, white edges.
The female, in contrast, has a dusky crown, the feathers of which are edged in green, giving it a slightly scaly appearance. It is also generally duller than the male. The upperparts are a uniform shining green, while the tail is a duller green or olive-green. The primary coverts are dusky, with a green outer edge, while the greater coverts are dusky on the inner half and dull green on the outer half, and the lesser coverts and median upperwing-coverts are greenish, with a dull base, and the lesser and median upperwing-coverts mainly greenish with dusky bases. The wing coverts generally appear green. The flight feathers are dusky, with a bluish-green edging, while the tertial feathers are similar to the greater coverts, being dull green on the outer half. The underside of the female is similar to but duller than the male, with the throat, neck, and chest being green with a scaled appearance similar to the male created by dark bases to the feathers. The rest of the underside is grey, while the sides are olivaceous yellow-green, and the undertail coverts being similar to those of the male.
Juvenile, immature, and subadult males are intermediate in appearance between the adult males and females. Juvenile males resemble the female, but have a pale blue edge to their primary feathers. Immature individuals of both sexes are duller counterparts of the female adults. Subadult males resemble the females but have adult male feathers mixed in with their other plumage, including a mixed green and black crown, and mixed green and silvery-grey feathering on the back and mantle.
The black-capped tanager resembles the silver-backed tanager (Stilpnia viridicollis), which replaces it at the southern edge of its range. Females of the two species are especially alike, but those of the silver-backed tanager have a coppery, rather than a green, throat. The beryl-spangled tanager (Tangara nigroviridis) is also similar, but lacks the dark crown and is uniformly opalescent over its head; it also has a more strongly spangled underside.
In contrast to other members of its genus, the black-capped tanager sings frequently. It shows no preference for singing at specific times of the day. It usually sings from a high and occasionally exposed position. The songs are up to ten seconds long, low-pitched, and have a mechanical, ringing quality, described as "t'kling-t'kling-t'kling". The call is often repeated within a few minutes. Other calls include a high-pitched and nasal "zheet", and a high-pitched "tsit".
Habitat and distribution
Black-capped tanagers are found in tropical moist montane forests in northern Ecuador, Colombia, and Venezuela. The species is found at the edges of subtropical forest, secondary woodland, and trees and bushes in nearby open spaces, although it is locally uncommon. Its elevational range is variously described as being between , and between above sea level, although most records occur between . An isolated record exists from above sea level. It is found in the Colombian, Venezuelan, Ecuadoran, and Peruvian Andes, including in the Sierra de Perijá, and also in the Santa Marta mountains in Colombia. Within Ecuador, it was first recorded on the western slopes of the Andes only in 1980, leading researchers to suggest it may have expanded its range as a result of deforestation.
Behaviour
This tanager is found alone or in pairs, hiding under branches. Its behaviour and ecology are generally similar to other species of montane Tangara, though it is more often seen foraging in clearings and outside actual forest, and more often foraging as pairs independent of mixed flocks.
Diet
Different tanager species can feed together in the same flock without competing for arthropods as they each feed at specific heights, on different parts of the tree with unique positions and movements. The black-capped tanager mainly forages for insects in low shrubs and in trees, staying close to the trunk, on branches that are either bare or covered in moss. This bird also eats fruits such as whole berries and cecropia fruit.
Reproduction
Usually during wetter periods, both parents feed their young and build the nest. Nevertheless, the male does not always take part in nest construction. The outside of the nest is mostly made of rootlets and lichen, sometimes moss. The whole is held together by spider webs and egg sacs. The inside of the nest contains mainly lichen, rootlets and grass strips. In order to give the nest its cup-like shape, the female presses her body down into the nest and vibrates. The female incubates the eggs for 14 days on average and broods, meanwhile the male will occasionally feed her. The female will sink into the nest if a nest predator such as the green jay approaches.
Conservation status
Its global population remains unknown, but it is described as being uncommon in its range. In the absence of evidence for population or range declines, the International Union for Conservation of Nature classified it in 2018 as a species of "least concern". This may be because the black-capped tanager lives in disturbed forest habitat and therefore benefits in some ways from human disturbances. However, if someone approaches the nest, the female will stop incubating her eggs which might put pressure on the bird in the future.
References
External links
eBird-Black-capped Tanager, Stilpnia heinei.
black-capped tanager
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
black-capped tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Jean Cabanis
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
