The 1959 News of the World Snooker Plus Tournament was a professional snooker tournament sponsored by the News of the World. The event was played under the Snooker Plus rules, a variant of snooker with two additional (orange and purple). The tournament was won by Joe Davis with Fred Davis finishing in second place. It was the eleventh and final News of the World Tournament, which ran from 1949/50 to 1959.
Snooker plus
Snooker plus was a variant of snooker created by Joe Davis in 1959 with two additional , orange (8 points) and purple (10 points). The orange spot was midway between the pink and blue, while the purple spot was midway between the brown and blue. If a frame ended in a tie, the purple was re-spotted on the black spot. The extra colours allowed a maximum break of 210. This variant failed to gain popularity but has appeared in some video games such as the World Snooker Championship series.
Format
There were three competitors, Joe Davis, Fred Davis and John Pulman, competing for prize money of £750. Matches were of 25 frames over two days. Each played the other, three times. All matches were played in Burroughes Hall, London.
Results
Joe Davis made the first century break, 108, on the opening day of the tournament.
Joe Davis made sure of victory by beating John Pulman in the penultimate match. Fred Davis lost the last match 13–12 but he had needed to win only 11 frames to finish in second place ahead of Pulman.
Table
The positions were determined firstly by the number of matches won (MW) and, in the event of a tie, the number of frames won (FW).
References
News of the World Snooker Tournament
News of the World Snooker Plus Tournament
News of the World Snooker Plus Tournament
News of the World Tournament
News of the World Snooker Plus Tournament
News of the World Snooker Plus Tournament
Snooker variants
Robert John Jenkins Junior (born 1966 in Akron, Ohio), also known as Bob Jenkins, is an American computer professional and author of several fast pseudorandom number generators such as ISAAC and hash functions (Jenkins hash)
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Akron, Ohio
Setoeolis inconspicua is a species of sea slug, specifically an aeolid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae. It is the only species in the genus Setoeolis as identified by Baba & Hamatani, 1965.
Distribution
The holotype of this species was found at Seto, Kii Province, Japan. It has been found at sites including Wakasa Bay on the Echizen coast and the Izu Peninsula.
References
Facelinidae
Gastropods described in 1938
Örencik is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 490 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Bargteheide (West Low German: Bartheil) is a town in the district of Stormarn, Schleswig-Holstein state, Germany. It is situated between the cities of Ahrensburg and Bad Oldesloe, on the Hamburg to Lübeck rail line and is part of the Hamburg Metropolitan Region.
The population of Bargteheide was 16,045 at the end of 2017.
Mayors
1946–1957: Julius Gerken
1957–1962: Enno Wilkens
1962–1971: Karl Eduard Claussen (CDU)
1971–1984: Erich Reincke
1985–1996: Frank Pries
1996–2008: Werner Mitsch
2008–2016: Henning Görtz (CDU)
since 2016: Birte Kruse-Gobrecht (independent)
Population development
1840: ca. 1.000
1905: 1.980
1914: 2.300
1949: 6.900
1970: 7.374
2002: 13.820
2008: 14.902
2009: 15.306
2012: 15.528
2013: 16.000
2015: 16.292
Notable people
Luise Zietz (1865-1922), socialist politician
Katharina Fegebank (born 1977), German politician (The Greens)
David Kross (born 1990), German actor
Axel Fischer (born 1981), German pop singer and actor
Matti Steinmann (born 1995), Finnish-German footballer
International relations
Bargteheide is twinned with:
Déville-lès-Rouen, France
Żmigród, Poland
References
External links
http://www.bargteheide.de/
Stormarn (district)
Dubliany may refer to
Dubliany, Lviv Raion, Lviv Oblast, town in Ukraine
Dubliany, Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, urban-type settlement in Ukraine
Dubliany, Rivne Oblast, village in Ukraine
Tunes 2011–2019 is the second compilation album by British electronic musician Burial. It was released by Hyperdub on 6 December 2019, and compiles Burial's solo EPs on the label.
Reception
The compilation received universal critical acclaim, garnering a Metacritic score of 96 based on 10 reviews.
The album's non-chronological track sequencing has been singled out by many publications for praise. Writing for Popmatters, Rod Waterman notes that it forces the listener "to think about" the music "across a significant period, rather than to react just to the release of a couple of songs at a time and to revel in the arrival of new Burial music. The juxtaposition of these tracks, and in the order Bevan has chosen here, suggests relationships and trajectories that might not have previously been apparent. It suggests further that Burial has been playing a very long game, with an artistic and emotional vision that is even more comprehensive than we might have imagined." Sam Richards of Uncut similarly notes that "the compilation is sequenced for flow", thus resulting in the emergence of "some unexpected shapes." A staff reviewer for Sputnikmusic characterized the album as an "epilogue", writing that it "instills a level of newfound confidence, of acceptance. Bevan, now Burial again, feels at home with no plot to course."
Others have praised the content of the compilation itself, with Pitchforks Gabriel Szatan considering the first half of the second disc to be "the apex of Burial's dancefloor material, truly as good as it gets." In a perfect score review, Damien Morris of The Observer hailed the album as a "compilation of rare bravery and beauty", and compared Burial to Banksy for his ability to communicate "poetic truths about the prosaic to the public." Eamon Sweeney of The Irish Times made a similar comparison, and wrote that the collection "constitutes arguably the finest compilation of the last 10 years."
Track listingNotes'''
The album's CD release erroneously lists "Claustro" and "Rival Dealer" in swapped order.
The digital release of Tunes 2011–2019'' has a slightly edited version of "Beachfires" with a duration of 9:10.
Charts
References
2019 compilation albums
Burial (musician) albums
Vladimir Alekseyevich Kirillin (; – 29 January 1999) was a Soviet physicist specializing in energetics and thermophysics and a member of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, as well as a Soviet party official.
After graduating from the Moscow Power Engineering Institute in 1936 Kirillin worked at the Kashira State Regional Electric Power Plant, at the Unifold Boiler Construction Bureau, and at the Moscow Power Engineering Institute, becoming its professor in 1952. During World War II he served in the navy. From 1954 to 1962 he took leading positions at the Soviet ministries of science and higher education. In 1963-1965 he served as vice-president of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, and in 1965 he was appointed as deputy chairman of the Council of Ministers of the USSR and chairman of the State Committee for Science and Technology (GKNT) of the Council of Ministers of the USSR. In 1966 Kirillin became a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was a deputy to the Supreme Soviet of the USSR at its sixth, seventh, and eighth meetings. He was awarded the USSR State Prize in 1951 and the Lenin Prize in 1959, as well as four Orders of Lenin, the Order of the Red Banner of Labor, among other medals.
Kirillin's scientific research focused on the thermophysical properties of solids, liquid water and its vapor. He was also developing magnetohydrodynamic generators for the direct conversion of thermal energy into electric energy.
References
1913 births
1999 deaths
Scientists from Moscow
Soviet physicists
Moscow Power Engineering Institute faculty
Moscow Power Engineering Institute alumni
Rook & Raven was a contemporary art gallery based in Fitzrovia, London. It was co-owned by Richard Grindy & Rachelle Lunnon. Opening in 2011, it closed in 2017.
Artists
Artists previously shown at Rook & Raven:
Noma Bar
Alexis Dahan
Sarm Derbois
Camilla Emson
Corinne Felgate
Vanessa Garwood
Manuel Larralde
Dale Vn Marshall
Rupert Newman
Laurence Owen
William Roper-Curzon
Lionel Smit
Erik Sommer
Bill Wyman (photographs re-worked by artists)
Vivien Zhang
References
Defunct art galleries in London
2011 establishments in England
2017 disestablishments in England
Jacob Schnebbelie (30 August 1760 – 21 February 1792) was an English draughtsman, specialising in monuments and other historical subjects.
Early life
Jacob Schnebbelie was born in Duke's Court, St Martin's Lane, London, on 30 August 1760. His father, who was a native of Zürich and had served in the Dutch army at Bergen op Zoom, settled in England and became a confectioner in Rochester, Kent.
Career
After continuing in his father's trade for a short time – first at Canterbury and then at Hammersmith – Schnebbelie abandoned it, and, though self-taught, became a drawing-master at Westminster School and other schools. Through the influence of Lord Leicester, the president, he became draughtsman to the Society of Antiquaries of London; he drew most of the excellent views of ancient buildings in the second and third volumes of Vetusta Monumenta. He made many drawings for Richard Gough's Sepulchral Monuments of Great Britain and John Nichols' History of Leicestershire.
In 1788 he published a set of four views of St Albans, drawn and etched by himself, and aquatinted by Jukes. In 1791 Schnebbelie began publishing the Antiquaries' Museum, illustrating the ancient architecture, painting, and sculpture of Great Britain, a series of plates etched and aquatinted by himself; but he lived to complete only three parts. The work was continued by his friends, Richard Gough and John Nichols, and issued as a volume, with a memoir of him, in 1800. He worked with James Moore and J. G. Parkyns on their Monastic Remains, 1791, his name appearing as the publisher on some of the plates. His 1787 etching of the Serpentine River, Hyde Park was aquatinted by Francis Jukes and published in 1796.
Death and personal life
Schnebbelie died of rheumatic fever at his residence in Poland Street, London, on 21 February 1792. He left a widow and three children, for whom provision was made by the Society of Antiquaries. One of his sons, Robert Blemmell Schnebbelie (1781–1847), also practised as a topographical artist.
References
Attribution
Further reading
1760 births
1792 deaths
English engravers
British draughtsmen
Caravan (, ), is a Thai folk-rock band that formed out of the 1973 democracy movement. It launched the phleng phuea chiwit (เพลงเพื่อชีวิต, lit. "songs for life") genre that has since been popularized by Carabao.
Personnel
Surachai "Nga Caravan" Jantimathawn - vocals, acoustic guitar
Wirasak Sunthawnnsi - guitar, vocals (died 17 December 2021)
Mongkhon Uthok - vocals, phin (a kind of Thai lute), wut (a panpipe-like Thai instrument), harmonica
Thongkran Thana - lead guitar, slide guitar, violin, vocals
Music
Surachai Jantimatawn was the band's primary vocalist and songwriter. He also played guitar. Wirasak Suntornsii played guitar and also did occasional bass and lead vocals. Mongkhon Uthok sang lead and played phin (a Thai stringed instrument), harmonica, wut (a panpipe-like Thai instrument) and saw (the Thai version of the Chinese erhu violin). Thongkran Thana played violin, slide guitar, as well as lead guitar in the band's later, electric incarnations. They were often joined by Phongthep Kradonchamnan, later a well-known phleng phuea chiwit artist in his own right, on Thai percussion, flute and vocals.
Caravan was known for combining Thai and Western folk music in arrangements dominated by acoustic guitars, but spiced up with Uthok's use of traditional Thai instruments, as well as frequent use of Thai-style percussion. Most of their Thai-influenced songs took the form of folk ballads, but they also made frequent use of the faster and more percussive "mor lam" rhythms. In their early days, they often took melodies directly from American and British folk songs like "Song to Woody" "Yellow Bird" "John Barleycorn Must Die" and "A Hard Rain's a Gonna Fall" and adapted them with political lyrics in Thai. Their later music sometimes had a noticeable country music influence in songs like "Num Phanejawn" and "Fon Thewa," although as a whole, the influence of Western folk diminished as their career went on. When the band went electric, it expanded its range of sound to include influences of rock, reggae, folk music from other Asian countries, and a wider range of Thai musical styles.
Band history
The founders of Caravan, Surachai Jantimathawn ("Nga Caravan") and Wirasak Sunthawnsi, were student activists at Ramkhamhaeng University at a time when the student movement was instrumental in toppling the dictatorial regime of Thanom Kittikachorn. They sympathized with the working class farmers in Northeast Thailand. They were soon joined by Mongkhon Uthok and Thongkran Thana.
One of the band's most popular songs is "Khon Kap Khwai" ("Man and Buffalo"), which rhapsodizes the relationship of rice farmers and their water buffalo, but with the lyrics that include "Come, let's go now! Come, let's go! Carry our plows and guns to the fields!", it was also a political statement by lyricists Somkit Singson and Visa Kantap, who were both critical of the Thanom regime. Other songs condemned the presence of the US military.
Early albums included Khon Kap Khwai (1975) and Amerikan Antarai (1976) and Ruam Botpleng Sipsee Tulaa Siphok Vol. 2 (A Collection Of Songs For 14 October 1973, Vol. 2, 1976).
After the 6 October 1976 Massacre, student activists, including members of Caravan, fled to the countryside and neighboring Laos, taking shelter with the Communist Party of Thailand. When amnesty was declared in 1979, the band's members gradually returned from exile, and by 1982 Caravan had released the album Deuan Phen (Full Moon). Other albums followed, including Khon Ti Lek (Blacksmith, 1983) and Live at the 50th Anniversary of Thammasat University (1984).
In the mid-1980s, the band went electric, adding a bassist and drummer for studio and live performances. The electric period, starting with the album 1985 included one of the band's best-known songs "Dawk Mai Hai Khun" ("Flowers For You") which was a Thai-language adaptation of Okinawan musician Shoukichi Kina's international hit "Subete no Hito no Kokoro ni Hana o." Three more electric albums followed, including Khon Klai Baan, US-Japan and Anon. A concert album, Live in Japan at Taku Taku (1988) showed that the band's influence was growing outside Thailand.
Sunthawnsi left the band after the Khon Klai Ban album and was not replaced. At the end of the 1980s, the band decided to break up and staged a series of acoustic farewell concerts, joined again by Sunthawnsi, as well as frequent collaborator Phongthep Kradonchamnan and percussionalist Ut Yannawa, who had played drums and percussion on the band's electric albums.
Since then, the band has reunited a number of times to play live concerts, although they have recorded little new music since the 1990s, with only new albums Klap Ma Thoet andTulakhom) being made in the past two decades.
The band supported the People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD or the "Yellow Shirts") and frequently played during their protests against then prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra in 2006 and the anti-government protests 2008. Members of the band also appeared in support of the anti-Pheu Thai government People's Democratic Reform Committee (PDRC or the "Whistleblowers) in the protests between November 2013 and May 2014.
Discography
Studio albums
Songs for Life (1975, Paredon Records, Smithsonian Folkways)
Man and Buffalo [Khon Kub Kwai]
Dangerous American [American Antarai]
Shattered Land [Barnna Satern]
Blacksmith [Khon Tee Lhek]
1985 8 May
Khon Klai Barn
US-Japan
Ar-Non
October [Tula-khom]
Live albums
Concert for UNICEF, 1983
Live at the 50th Anniversary of Thammasat University, 1984
Live on Air (12th Anniversary Caravan Kuen Rung), 1986
Live at Taku Taku, Japan, 1988
Live at Minamata, Japan, 1989
Farewell Concert 15 Years 1989
Vancouver Folk Music Festival. Recorded live in Vancouver, BC, Canada, 1991
- Live on Air at CITR Radio Station, Vancouver, BC, Canada, 1991
- Live at Washington University, Seattle, WA, USA, 1991
Live in Japan, 2004
- Tokyo, Matsumoto, Izumo, Hiroshima, Toyono-Osaka, Takatsuki, Seika University Kyoto
etc.
Other appearances
Marn Klong Muang [Bootleg]
Amerasia with Terry Allen
Klub Ma Terd with Phongthep Kradonchamnan
etc.
References
External links
Official Web site (in Thai only)
Thai rock music groups
People's Alliance for Democracy activists
Venanides is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about 14 described species in Venanides, found throughout much of the world.
Species
These 14 species belong to the genus Venanides:
Venanides astydamia (Nixon, 1965)
Venanides caspius Abdoli, Fernandez-Triana & Talebi, 2019
Venanides congoensis (de Saeger, 1941)
Venanides curticornis (Granger, 1949)
Venanides demeter (Wilkinson, 1934)
Venanides longifrons Fernandez-Triana & van Achterberg, 2017
Venanides parmula (Nixon, 1965)
Venanides plancina (Nixon, 1965)
Venanides pyrogrammae (Nixon, 1965)
Venanides supracompressus Fernandez-Triana & van Achterberg, 2017
Venanides symmysta (Nixon, 1965)
Venanides tenuitergitus Fernandez-Triana & van Achterberg, 2017
Venanides vanharteni Fernandez-Triana & van Achterberg, 2017
Venanides xeste Mason, 1981
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Henry Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Sussex, KG (also spelt "Radcliffe") (1507 – 17 February 1557) was a son of Robert Radclyffe, 1st Earl of Sussex and his wife Elizabeth Stafford, Countess of Sussex.
Marriages and children
He was first married to Elizabeth Howard, a daughter of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk and his second wife Agnes Tilney. They had two sons:
Thomas Radclyffe, 3rd Earl of Sussex (c. 1525 – 9 June 1583).
Henry Radclyffe, 4th Earl of Sussex (c. 1532–1593).
The Complete Peerage gives the date of death for his first wife as 18 September 1534. Burke's Peerage agrees on the date but changes the year to 1537. Either way, Henry would not remain a widower for long.
He married secondly Anne Calthorpe. The marriage resulted in a divorce or annulment in 1555, but they had two known children:
Egremont Radclyffe (died 1578). He took part in the Rising of the North but escaped to Continental Europe after its failure. He was executed in Namur, accused of attempting to poison John of Austria. John is believed to have died of typhus.
Lady Frances Radclyffe (died 1602). Married Sir Thomas Mildmay, by whom she had two sons.
Earl
On 27 November 1542, his father died and Henry succeeded him as Earl of Sussex. His second cousin Mary I created him a Knight of the Garter in 1554, alongside the later Philip II of Spain, Emmanuel Philibert, Duke of Savoy and William Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Effingham.
He died on 17 February 1557 at Channel Row, Westminster (now known as Canon Row).
References
|-
1507 births
1557 deaths
Earls of Sussex (1529 creation)
Garter Knights appointed by Mary I
16th-century English nobility
Henry
Barons FitzWalter
William Gibb Robertson (13 November 1928 – June 1973) was a Scottish professional footballer, who played in the English Football League for Chelsea and Leyton Orient. He was a goalkeeper, playing in 26 matches in the 1954–55 season, when Chelsea won the First Division championship. In total he played 199 League games whilst at Chelsea and 215 in total for the club.
References
External links
Robertson's Chelsea stats and photo on Chelsea F.C. website
1928 births
1973 deaths
Scottish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Chelsea F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
English Football League players
Place of birth missing
Date of death missing
Place of death missing
The 1947–48 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 37th since its establishment.
League table
References
1947–48 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
The U.S. Railroad Retirement Board (RRB) is an independent agency in the executive branch of the United States government created in 1935 to administer a social insurance program providing retirement benefits to the country's railroad workers.
The RRB serves U.S. railroad workers and their families, and administers retirement, survivor, unemployment, and sickness benefits. Consequently, railroad workers do not participate in the United States Social Security program. The RRB's headquarters are in Chicago, Illinois, with field offices throughout the country.
In connection with the retirement program, the RRB has administrative responsibilities under the Social Security Act for certain benefit payments and railroad workers' Medicare coverage.
During fiscal year 2009, retirement survivor benefits of some $10.5 billion were paid to about 589,000 beneficiaries, while net unemployment-sickness benefits of $160 million, including over $10 million in temporary extended unemployment benefits under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, were paid to more than 40,000 claimants.
At the end of fiscal year 2018, the average annuity paid to career rail employees was $3,525 per month, the average annuity paid for all retired rail employees was $2,815 per month, and the average retirement benefit under Social Security was $1,415 per month.
Railroad retirement benefit payments are financed primarily by payroll taxes paid by railroad employers and their employees. Since 2002, funds not needed immediately for benefit payments or administrative expenses have been invested by an independent National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust, which qualifies as non profit 501(c)(28). As of September 30, 2009, Trust-managed assets and RRB assets held in reserve totaled almost $25 billion.
History
The assignment, furlough, and recall of most railroad employees was based on seniority. When work became scarce, employees with the least seniority were the first to be laid-off. The majority of railroaders were covered by pension plans, but private pension payments could be reduced if revenues were down, and many had been cut drastically by 1934.
This practice created a conflict between older employees, who preferred the certainty of a paycheck to an unreliable pension, and younger employees, who saw opportunity for increased job security if superannuated workers could be induced to retire by guaranteeing them a decent pension.
Railroad workers formed an association to agitate for government action. The Department of Labor proposed its own plan in response, eventually compromising with the workers to produce the Railroad Retirement Act of 1934. This legislation anticipated the Social Security Act of 1935, which covered most other employees, and was tailored to address the specific concerns of railroad workers.
The Act was soon found unconstitutional, but President Roosevelt intervened to push for a lasting compromise. This pressure resulted in the Railroad Retirement Act of 1935, which set up a staff retirement plan providing annuities based on an employee's creditable railroad earnings and service, and Railroad Retirement and Carrier Taxing Acts of 1937, which made railroad employees the only private-sector workers outside the Social Security system to have a separate, federally administered pension plan. More than 95,000 elderly and disabled railroad employees applied for pension benefits by the end of 1937.
Since passage of the Railroad Retirement Acts of the 1930s, numerous other railroad laws have subsequently been enacted.
While the railroad retirement system has remained separate from the social security system, the two systems are closely coordinated with regard to earnings credits, benefit payments, and taxes. The financing of the two systems is linked through a financial interchange under which, in effect, the portion of railroad retirement annuities that is equivalent to social security benefits is coordinated with the social security system. The purpose of this financial coordination is to place the social security trust funds in the same position they would be in if railroad service were covered by the social security program instead of the railroad retirement program.
Legislation enacted in 1974 restructured railroad retirement benefits into two tiers, so as to coordinate them more fully with social security benefits. The first tier is based on combined railroad retirement and social security credits, using social security benefit formulas. The second tier is based on railroad service only and is comparable to the pensions paid over and above social security benefits in other industries.
The railroad unemployment insurance system was also established in the 1930s. The Great Depression demonstrated the need for unemployment compensation programs, and state unemployment programs had been established under the Social Security Act in 1935. While the state unemployment programs generally covered railroad workers, railroad operations which crossed state lines caused special problems. Unemployed railroad workers were denied compensation by one state because their employers had paid unemployment taxes in another state. Although there were cases where employees appeared to be covered in more than one state, they often did not qualify in any.
A federal study commission, which reported on the nationwide state plans for unemployment insurance, recommended that railroad workers be covered by a separate plan because of the complications their coverage had caused the state plans. Congress subsequently enacted the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act in June 1938. The Act established a system of benefits for unemployed railroaders, financed entirely by railroad employers and administered by the RRB. Sickness benefits were added in 1946.
Railroad Retirement Act
Under the Railroad Retirement Act, retirement and disability annuities are paid to railroad workers with at least 10 years of service. Such annuities are also payable to workers with 5 years of service if performed after 1995.
Provisions
Full age annuities are payable at age 60 to workers with 30 years of service. For those with less than 30 years of service, reduced annuities are payable at age 62 and unreduced annuities are payable at full retirement age, which is gradually rising from 65 to 67, depending on the year of birth. Disability annuities can be paid on the basis of total or occupational disability. Annuities are also payable to spouses and divorced spouses of retired workers and to widow(er)s, surviving divorced spouses, remarried widow(er)s, children, and parents of deceased railroad workers. Qualified railroad retirement beneficiaries are covered by Medicare in the same way as social security beneficiaries.
As noted, the RRB pays retirement annuities to employees, as well as their spouses and/or divorced spouses, if the employee had at least 10 years of railroad service, or 5 years if performed after 1995. However, for survivor benefits, there is an additional requirement that the employee's last regular employment before retirement or death was in the railroad industry. If a railroad employee or his or her survivors do not qualify for railroad retirement benefits, the RRB transfers the employee's railroad retirement credits to the Social Security Administration, where they are treated as social security credits.
Financing
Payroll taxes paid by railroad employers and their employees are the primary source of funding for the railroad retirement-survivor benefit programs. Railroad retirement taxes, which have historically been higher than social security taxes, are calculated, like benefit payments, on a two-tier basis. Railroad retirement tier I payroll taxes are coordinated with social security taxes so that employees and employers pay tier I taxes at the same rate as social security taxes. In addition, both employees and employers pay tier II taxes which are used to finance railroad retirement benefit payments over and above social security levels. These tier II taxes are based on the ratio of certain asset balances to the sum of benefit payments and administrative expenses.
Revenues in excess of benefit payments are invested to provide additional trust fund income. The National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust manages and invests railroad retirement assets. Railroad retirement funds are invested in non-governmental assets, as well as in governmental securities.
Additional trust fund income is derived from the financial interchange with the social security trust funds, revenues from federal income taxes on railroad retirement benefits, and appropriations from general treasury revenues provided after 1974 as part of a phase-out of certain vested dual benefits.
Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act
Under the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, unemployment insurance benefits are paid to railroad workers who are unemployed but ready, willing, and able to work and sickness benefits to railroad workers who are unable to work because of illness or injury. The RRB also operates a placement service to assist unemployed railroaders in securing employment.
Benefit Year
A new unemployment-sickness benefit year begins every July 1, with eligibility generally based on railroad service and earnings in the preceding calendar year. Up to 26 weeks of normal unemployment or sickness benefits are payable to an individual in a benefit year. Additional extended benefits are payable to persons with 10 or more years of service.
Financing
The railroad unemployment-sickness benefit program is financed by taxes on railroad employers under an experience-rating system. Each employer's payroll tax rate is determined annually by the RRB on the basis of benefit payments to the railroad's employees.
Organization and functions
The Railroad Retirement Board is headed by three members appointed by the President of the United States, with the advice and consent of the Senate. One member is appointed upon the recommendation of railroad employers, one is appointed upon the recommendation of railroad labor organizations and the third, who is the Chairman, is appointed to represent the public interest. The Board Members' terms of office are five years and are scheduled to expire in different years. The President also appoints an Inspector General for the RRB.
The primary function of the RRB is the determination and payment of benefits under the retirement-survivor and unemployment-sickness programs. To this end, the RRB employs field representatives to assist railroad personnel and their families in filing claims for benefits, examiners to adjudicate the claims, and information technology staff, equipment and programs to maintain earnings records, calculate benefits and process payments.
The RRB also employs actuaries to predict the future income and outlays of the railroad retirement system, statisticians and economists to provide vital data, and attorneys to interpret legislation and represent the RRB in litigation. The Inspector General employs auditors and investigators to detect any waste, fraud, or abuse in the benefit programs.
Long Island Rail Road disability controversy
In contrast to the single disability program offered by Social Security, Railroad Retirement offers two types of disability annuities. The Total Disability, or "Disability Freeze", is based on guidelines similar to Social Security Disability. The Occupational Disability only requires that applicants possess certain ailments which are deemed by law as an inability for them to safely perform their particular regular job.
Railroad employees applying for either disability annuity must end any compensated service within 90 days from the date of filing. Employees either quit their jobs, retire or exhaust sick benefits before applying for either disability. Because of this requirement and the work restrictions while receiving a disability annuity, most annuitants had worked for carriers that already awarded them private company pensions.
In 2008, more than 90 percent of Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) retirees were receiving occupational disability payments. A former LIRR pension department manager was arrested and charged with official misconduct for allegedly "taking money to help railroad employees find a doctor and fill out paperwork for federal disability payments". All charges of corruption and official misconduct were dismissed by Supreme Court Judge Kase on December 11, 2009, who stated the prosecution had misled the Grand Jury in the indictment. In October of that year, the Board voted to strengthen its oversight of disability pensions.
A report produced in September 2009 by the U. S. Government Accountability Office disclosed that five federal agencies which investigated and audited the disability awards found no evidence of fraud or wrongdoing by either the Railroad Retirement Board or the retirees who applied for those awards. Its investigation did state, however, that "a nearly 100-percent approval rate in a federal disability program is troubling, and could indicate lax internal controls in the Board's decision-making process, weaknesses in program design, or both." The report found no fraud or wrongdoing, but noted that in "prior work, we found that numerous claims with evidence from the same doctors can be an indicator of potential fraud or abuse"; unlike sister agency Metro-North Railroad, LIRR disability evidence was provided primarily by one of three doctors.
In March 2010, the New York Attorney General's Office announced that LIRR had agreed to appoint an independent examiner and implement other reforms to address abuses of the occupational disability benefits by its retirees and to help ensure that benefits are available only to those who truly are disabled.
Another additional 11 federal arrests occurred on October 27, 2011, including two doctors and a former union official. In September 2012, four LIRR retirees pleaded guilty to fraud. In February 2014, physician Peter J. Lesniewski was charged for providing "fraudulent medical narratives in support of the disability applications of at least 230 LIRR employees."
See also
Title 20 of the Code of Federal Regulations
Pensions
Retirement plans
Social insurance
Railroad Retirement Board Building
References
External links
Railroad Retirement Board in the Federal Register
How Railroad Retirement Works
1935 establishments in the United States
Independent agencies of the United States government
Medicare and Medicaid (United States)
Retirement plans in the United States
Retirement Board
The Bulgarian National Olympiad in Linguistics () is an olympiad for school students in Bulgaria, composed of three rounds: municipal, regional and national. The olympiad's present format has been used every year since 2003.
Tasks
The tasks used for the linguistics olympiad are generally stand-alone, i.e. for their solution, the contestant does not need to be familiar with the language on which the problem is set. Naturally, basic knowledge in linguistics, mathematics and general knowledge is recommended.
Format
The olympiad takes place in three rounds: municipal, regional and national. The common link between them is that each round includes an individual solution to three tasks in 4 hours. There are two age groups: 5th-7th and 8th-12th grade, as the national round is only for the older group.
Municipal round
The municipal round of the olympiad takes place in schools and the marking is done by the local organisers. Although the National Commission released an example theme for the municipal round, this is not obligatory. Anyone who wants to can participate in the first round but only students who have received more than 75 points qualify for the next round.
Regional round
The second round of the olympiad takes place in the regional cities at the same time, usually on a Saturday or Sunday at the end of March or the beginning of April. The participants' papers are sent to the National Commission for marking. Only students who have received more than 75 points can participate in the next round of the olympiad.
National round
The third round takes place in a different linguistics centre each year and takes place in last two days of the last week of April or the first week in May. In addition to the individual competition, the national round also includes a team competition, which normally involved up to 3 or 4 students per team. The marking of the scripts happens on-site and the results are announced at the official ceremony, at which awards and certificates are handed out. The top scorers proceed to a follow-up competition, to be selected for the national team of Bulgaria in the International Linguistics Olympiad.
See also
International Linguistics Olympiad
United Kingdom Linguistics Olympiad
North American Computational Linguistics Open competition
Linguistics
References
Linguistics olympiads
Education in Bulgaria
Halstead Road Centenary Pasture is a Local Nature Reserve in Mountsorrel in Leicestershire. It is owned and managed by Charnwood Borough Council.
This unimproved flower meadow has surviving medieval ridge and furrow. An outcrop of granite is covered with lichens and mosses, and there is a hawthorn and sloe hedge. Birds include yellowhammers and linnets.
There is access from Halstead Road.
References
Local Nature Reserves in Leicestershire
The 40th Iowa Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 40th Iowa Infantry was organized at Iowa City, Iowa, on November 15, 1862.
The regiment was mustered out on June 5, 1865.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 1136 men served in the 40th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
It suffered 19 enlisted men who were killed in action or who died of their wounds and 2 officers and 184 enlisted men who died of disease, for a total of 205 fatalities.
Commanders
Colonel John A. Garrett
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1862
1862 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Raymundo de Jesús Fulgencio Román (born 12 February 2000) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a winger for Liga MX club Tigres UANL.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Tigres UANL
CONCACAF Champions League: 2020
References
External links
Raymundo Fulgencio at Soccerway
Raymundo Fulgencio at Official Liga MX profile
2000 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Association football midfielders
Tigres UANL footballers
Liga MX players
C.D. Veracruz footballers
People from Veracruz (city)
Footballers from Veracruz
The Australian Jewish Genealogical Society (AJGS) is an Australian non-profit organisation established to encourage and assist those with Jewish ancestry to research their family histories. It is dedicated to the collection, preservation and dissemination of genealogical information of particular relevance and interest to members of the Australian Jewish community.
The Society was established in Sydney in 1993. A Victorian branch was established in 1995, which incorporated in 1998. The Sydney Society represents member researchers in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, South Australia and Western Australia. There are several members in Canberra, some of whom are members of the ACT Jewish community.
The Sydney Society maintains library resources of Jewish genealogically relevant reference books, maps, newsletters, and journals, and has since 1993 produced a quarterly magazine called The Kosher Koala.
The Australian Jewish Genealogical Society (Victoria), Inc. and the Australian Jewish Genealogical Society, Inc. are affiliated to the International Association of Jewish Genealogical Societies (IAJGS), which comprises over 80 national Jewish genealogical societies.
Australian Jewish Genealogical Society (Victoria), Inc
A Victorian branch of the Society was established in 1995, and incorporated as a separate association in 1998 as the Australian Jewish Genealogical Society (Victoria), Inc. It presently has about 150 members.
The Victorian library collection (which includes material belonging to the Australian Jewish Historical Society) is housed at the Makor Jewish Community Library, which is part of the Lamm Jewish Library of Australia. It also provides online and personal information as to where various types of lists are available and holds seminars and other educational events. The Victorian Society has since February 1999 produced a quarterly newsletter called Jewish Genealogy Downunder.
See also
History of the Jews in Australia
Australian Jewish Historical Society
Australian Association for Jewish Studies
Jewish Museum of Australia
References
External links
Australian Jewish Genealogical Society web site
Australian Jewish Genealogical Society (Victoria), Inc. web site
Jewish Historical and Genealogical Society of Western Australia Inc. web site
Genealogical societies
Jewish Australian history
Jewish genealogy
Historical societies of Australia
Stop The Killing KC is a community improvement organization in Kansas City, Missouri patterned after "stop the violence/stop the killing" movements in other large American cities, urged since 1985 by Minister Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam movement, and drawing on lessons learned in past decades by many other community improvement organizations such as urban development programs in various U.S. Cities and evangelical or social outreach programs of various churches, religions or groups.
History
The Kansas City organization became unofficially established with a Declaration of Unity signed by Nation of Islam Student Minister Vincent Muhammad, Pastor Tony R. Caldwell of Community United KC, Kenneth "Sasteh Meter" Mosley of EMWOT (East Meets West of Troost), and more than three dozen other community improvement activists on September 17, 2011.
After several meetings and discussions in ensuing weeks, Pastor Caldwell, Captain Muhammad, Sasteh Meter Mosley, and other community leaders met at the Bruce R. Watkins Cultural Heritage Center on Feb. 11, 2012 and called for all interested persons to meet the following Saturday, February 18, and create a working organization. On March 3, 2012, an organizational meeting elected officers, including a President and Vice-President, but in mid-May policy disagreements among officers resulted in that organizational structure being abandoned for a seven-member Advisory Council. Stop The Killing KC was formally incorporated on March 14, 2012, with a dedicatory "open house" April 7, 2012. In flyers publicizing the event, Stop the Killing KC lists more than seventy "partners" as being supportive in a "Stop The Killing KC Coalition":
A Newly Adopted Cleanup, Aldi's, Amen Par Ankh, Amen Ankh Urban Farm, American Indian Council, Aim for Peace, Black United Front, C&A Contracting, C.A.C., CASA Veterans Institute, Inc.., The Chess Club, Church of Christ, City of Kansas City, New Community United KC, COOL Wayne, C.U.M.F.H. Property, Durham & Williams, EMWOT(East Meets West of Troost), Eternal Life Church & Family Life Center, Fade N Aces, First Time Correctional Services of KC, FOCUSED, Green Griot, Habitat for Humanity, Happy Foods Grocery, Heart of America Ministries, Help ALL, Inc., Hip Hop Community, Infidelity Annihilators, Inc., Kansas City Fire Dept., Kansas City Parks & Recreation, KC Helping Hands, KCPD, KD Construction, Key Coalition, King Richard, L.I.N.K., Littlejohn for Sheriff, Man Up Program, Mazuma Credit Union, Morning Star Baptist Church, My Brother's Keeper, NAU, Occupy KC, PeaceKeepers, Penny Mill, Pinnacle Career Institute, Price Chopper, R.E. Bishop Construction, Inc., Roxann Grocia, Samuel Rogers, Save A Child, Save Tomorrow's Outstanding People, Second Chance Program, Servants for Jesus, Simply Designed, Swope Health Services, S.T.O.P., Teola Powell, Troost Fest, Tycor Community Development Corp., TSD Sound, The Church of Jesus Christ, The Nation of Islam Mosque 30, PLAN, The Salvation Army, Truly Concerned Youth & Adults, Underground Railroad, Urban Life Ministry, Urban Work Force, Vaterott College, Voices of the People, Whatsoever Community Center, Women in Motion, Wonder Bread, Women's Coalition, Youth Wagon Productions.
Activities
Activities the group has encouraged or sponsored include vigils and funerals for deceased victims of violence, crime investigation, distributing flyers at busy intersections, canvassing crime-hit neighborhoods, voter registration drives, daily and nightly classes, Study Groups, like- Literacy for youth and adults, Health and Wellness awareness and food program, feeding youth and children through the summer and after school, urban agriculture, vocational green career opportunities and seminars, participation in events such as Kansas City's Troost Festival on April 28, 2012; the annual Convoy of Hope festival on June 16, 2012 and so forth. On the afternoon of July 1, 2012, the STK-KC held a "3 on 3" basketball tournament, Missouri State Representative Brandon Ellington participated, and Kansas City's Chief of Police Darryl Forte visited, as well as other community leaders and basketball players and fans from around the city. On July 29, 2012, STK-KC hosted a second 3 on 3 tournaments "Shoot Baskets- Not Bullets!", and scheduled two basketball events for every month throughout the summer of 2012.
Incidents
On May 14, 2012 a Kansas City woman named Andrea Shields was murdered and her body then set on fire. Stop the Killing KC and other anti-violence organizations held vigils for and coordinated funeral arrangements for Shields. The funeral was scheduled for 2 p.m. Saturday, May 26, 2012. Shortly after 4 a.m. that morning, a drive-by shooter fired eight bullets toward Stop the Killing KC's headquarters building, seven rounds lodging in a vehicle parked in front of the building, one round chipping siding near the building's "Stop the Killing KC" sign. Allegedly, someone phoned Kansas City's "Tips Hotline" the day before, and demanded that Stop the Killing KC '"back off from the Andrea Shields investigation"'. Because Stop The Killing KC is a "Crime Prevention" and pro-Civil Rights organization, Federal Law Enforcement agencies are investigating the incident along with Kansas City police.
References
External links
1. Facebook Page for Stop The Killing KC
2."Group takes campaign to stop KC violence to streets: Stop the Killing KC talks with people who won't talk to police" KMBC-TV, September 12, 2012.
3."Standoff ends with police unable to find shooting suspect" (describes Stop The Killing KC intervention) KCTV-TV, August 31, 2012.
4."Victims Identified in Deadly Shooting" (interview with Stop The Killing KC personnel) WDAF-TV, August 30, 3012.
5."Group dedicated to ending violence in Kansas City mourns one of their own" KSHB-TV, September 15, 2012.
6."Community assists homeless family finding shelter" WDAF-TV, August 23, 3012.
Community organizing
Nonviolent resistance movements
Movements for civil rights
Emil Kruse (born March 21, 1995) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing with Västerås IK in the Swedish Allsvenskan.
Kruse made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2014–15 SHL season.
References
External links
1995 births
BIK Karlskoga players
Brynäs IF players
Living people
Rögle BK players
Swedish ice hockey goaltenders
Russell Gómez Martín is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain. He has previously competed in the Spanish Supersport Championship (where he was runner-up in 2007) and the Spanish Moto2 Championship.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1987 births
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers from Catalonia
250cc World Championship riders
WKTZ (1220 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve Jacksonville, Florida, United States. Established in 1958, the station is currently owned and operated by the American Family Association, and is that organization's only station on the AM band.
The station was assigned the call sign "WJAX" by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on May 26, 1987 and then assigned the callsign WKTZ on November 5, 2014.
Programming
Until November 2014, WJAX featured the syndicated America's Best Music format of adult standards and adult contemporary oldies music distributed by Westwood One, and streams online. Previously, the station aired Music of Your Life, which Jones Radio Networks distributed until January 19, 2008, and then aired Jones' Jones Standards format until it was discontinued in September 2008 and absorbed into America's Best Music following Triton Media Group's (owners of Westwood One's predecessor Dial Global) purchase of Jones.
History
The station began broadcasting from a transmitter located at the water plant across from Confederate Park near First and Main streets. The station was owned by the city government. WJAX was also an FM station on 95.1 and played album rock throughout the 1970s. The company that purchased WJAX-FM from the city in the early 1980s also owned WAPE at 690 AM, which is now WOKV. When the deal was done, the WAPE call sign took over the spot at 95.1 and for a short while simulcast their top 40 formats on both AM and FM frequencies. The call sign languished unused for years, but made a comeback on the AM dial as a station owned and operated by Jones College. The original WJAX at 930 AM is now WFXJ. The WJAX call sign has been used by Jacksonville's CBS station WJAX-TV since 2014.
Translators
References
External links
KTZ
Radio stations established in 1958
Duval County, Florida
KTZ
American Family Radio stations
1958 establishments in Florida
Khamosh Nigahen may refer to:
Khamosh Nigahen (1946 film), a Bollywood film
Khamosh Nigahen (1986 film), a Bollywood film
Prof. PhDr. Zuzana Beňušková, CSc. (née Zuzana Wagnerová, born 27 October 1960) is a Slovak ethnologist, ethnographer, cultural and social anthropologist. She is a professor of ethnology at University of Constantine the Philosopher in Nitra. Her fields of research are ethnic minorities, social relations, customs, cultural regions of Slovakia and history of ethnology.
Early life
Zuzana Beňušková was born in Bratislava, Slovakia. She is a child of a teacher and sociologist doc. PhDr. Vojtech Wagner, CSc. and PhDr. Irena Wagnerová, CSc., andragogist.
Academic career
Zuzana Beňušková graduated from Comenius University in Bratislava. She started to work at the Slovak Academy of Sciences, Institute of Ethnology, devoting to rituals, religiosity, ethnic minorities and the town ethnology. Since 1996 she also teaches at the Faculty of Philosophy of the University of Constantine the Philosopher (UCP) in Nitra. In 2004 she became an assistant professor and in 2013 a university professor. She was the Head of the Department of Ethnology and Ethnomusicology at the UCP University from 2005 until 2011.
Projects and publications
Zuzana Beňušková is an author of over 100 journals and publication projects.
Beňušková, Z.: Religiozita a medzikonfesionálne vzťahy v lokálnom spoločenstve. / Interreligious relations in a local community – Bratislava : ÚEt SAV, 2004. – 198 s.
Beňušková, Z.: Tekovské Lužany : kultúrna a sociálna diverzita vidieckeho spoločenstva. / Tekovské Lužany: Cultural and social diversity of the rural community. – Nitra : UKF, 2011. – 145 s.
Beňušková, Z. a kol.: Liptovská Teplička od druhej polovice 20. storočia. Nitra : UKF, 2013. – 304 s.
Beňušková, Z.: Prečo sú Vianoce tradičné aj nové? In: Popelková, K. a kol.: Čo je to sviatok v 21. storočí na Slovensku? Bratislava, Ústav etnológie SAV 2014, s. 110–163.
Beňušková, Z.: Občianske obrady na Slovensku. Bratislava : VEDA, 2017. – 134 s.
Beňušková, Z. a kol.: Tradičná kultúra regiónov Slovenska. – Bratislava : VEDA, 1998 a 2005. – 241 s. (The Traditional Culture of the Regions in Slovakia") (DAJAMA 2010 under the title The Folk Culture)
Beňušková, Z. – Jágerová, M. – Nádaská, K.: Dejiny slovenskej etnológie v 20. storočí . 1. vyd. – Nitra : UKF, 2013. – 88 s. [Beňušková Zuzana (50%) – Jágerová Margita (30%) – Nádaská Katarína (20%)]
Beňušková, Z.: Už sa chystá svadba istá. Svadobné obyčaje slovom a obrazom. – Bratislava: VEDA, 2020. 127 s.
Beňušková, Z.: Civil ceremonies in socialist Czechoslovakia and post-socialist Slovakia. Institute of Ethnology and Social Anthropology of the Slovak Academy of Sciences. Bratislava, Marenčin PT, 2021, 148 p. (e-Pub)
Other activities
She was from 1992 the editor of the journal Etnologické rozpravy (The Discussions on Ethnology) in 2002 –2003; she was the chairperson of the Slovak Society of Ethnology (Národopisná spoločnosť Slovenska) in 2002–2008. She is a member of the Organising Committee of Etnofilm Čadca film festival.
Personal life
Zuzana Beňušková has a son Matej.
References
6. Slovenskí vedci
Cultural anthropologists
1960 births
Slovak scientists
Slovak ethnologists
Slovak people of German descent
Living people
Comenius University alumni
Writers from Bratislava
Constantine the Philosopher University in Nitra faculty
is a railway station in Yamaguchi, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Yotsutsuji Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1920
A superatom is any cluster of atoms that seem to exhibit some of the properties of elemental atoms.
Sodium atoms, when cooled from vapor, naturally condense into clusters, preferentially containing a magic number of atoms (2, 8, 20, 40, 58, etc.), with the outermost electron of each atom entering an orbital encompassing all the atoms in the cluster. Superatoms tend to behave chemically in a way that will allow them to have a closed shell of electrons, in this new counting scheme.
Aluminum clusters
Certain aluminum clusters have superatom properties. These aluminium clusters are generated as anions ( with n = 1, 2, 3, … ) in helium gas and reacted with a gas containing iodine. When analyzed by mass spectrometry one main reaction product turns out to be . These clusters of 13 aluminium atoms with an extra electron added do not appear to react with oxygen when it is introduced in the same gas stream, indicating a halide-like character and a magic number of 40 free electrons. Such a cluster is known as a superhalogen. The cluster component in ion is similar to an iodide ion or better still a bromide ion. The related cluster is expected to behave chemically like the triiodide ion.
Similarly it has been noted that clusters with 42 electrons (2 more than the magic numbers) appear to exhibit the properties of an alkaline earth metal which typically adopt +2 valence states. This is only known to occur when there are at least 3 iodine atoms attached to an cluster, . The anionic cluster has a total of 43 itinerant electrons, but the three iodine atoms each remove one of the itinerant electrons to leave 40 electrons in the jellium shell.
It is particularly easy and reliable to study atomic clusters of inert gas atoms by computer simulation because interaction between two atoms can be approximated very well by the Lennard-Jones potential. Other methods are readily available and it has been established that the magic numbers are 13, 19, 23, 26, 29, 32, 34, 43, 46, 49, 55, etc.
= the property is similar to germanium atoms.
= the property is similar to halogen atoms, more specifically, chlorine.
, where .
= the property is similar to alkaline earth metals.
, where .
Other clusters
Li(HF)3Li = the (HF)3 interior causes 2 valence electrons from the Li to orbit the entire molecule as if it were an atom's nucleus.
Li(NH3)4 = Has one diffuse electron orbiting around Li(NH3)4+ core, i.e., mimics an alkali-metal atom.
Be(NH3)4 = Has two diffuse electrons orbiting around Be(NH3)42+ core, i.e., mimics He-atom.
VSi16F = has ionic bonding.
A cluster of 13 platinum becomes highly paramagnetic, much more so than platinum itself.
A cluster of 2000 rubidium atoms.
Superatom complexes
Superatom complexes are a special group of superatoms that incorporate a metal core which is stabilized by organic ligands. In thiolate-protected gold cluster complexes a simple electron counting rule can be used to determine the total number of electrons () which correspond to a magic number via,
where is the number of metal atoms (A) in the core, is the atomic valence, is the number of electron withdrawing ligands, and is the overall charge on the complex. For example the Au102(p-MBA)44 has 58 electrons and corresponds to a closed shell magic number.
Gold superatom complexes
Au25(SMe)18−
Au102(p-MBA)44
Au144(SR)60
Other superatom complexes
Ga23(N(Si(CH3)3)2)11
Al50(C5(CH3)5)12
Re6Se8Cl2 - In 2018 researchers produced 15-nm-thick flakes of this superatomic material. They anticipate that a monolayer will be a superatomic 2-D semiconductor and offer new 2-D materials with unusual, tunable properties.
Organo− Zintl-based superatoms:[Ge9(CHO)3] and [Ge9(CHO)]
See also
Atom cluster
Catenation
Metal aromaticity
Bose–Einstein condensate
Quantum dot
References
External links
Designer Magnetic Superatoms, J.U. Reveles, et al. 2009
Gold Superatom Complexes, M. Walter et al. 2008
Gold Superatom Complexes P.D. Jadzinsky et al. 2007
Multiple Valence Superatoms, J.U. Reveles, S.N. Khanna, P.J. Roach, and A.W. Castleman Jr., 2006
On the Aluminum Cluster Superatoms acting as Halogens and Alkaline-earth Metals, Bergeron, Dennis E et al., 2006
Clusters of Aluminum Atoms Found to Have Properties of Other Elements Reveal a New Form of Chemistry, innovations report, 2005. Have a picture of Al14.
Clusters of Aluminum Atoms Found to Have Properties of Other Elements Reveal a New Form of Chemistry, Penn State, Eberly College of Science, 2005
Research Reveals Halogen Characteristics innovations report, 2004. Have pictures of Al13.
Cluster chemistry
Quantum chemistry
Atomic physics
Sir Donald Macmaster, 1st Baronet, (3 September 1846 – 3 March 1922) was a Canadian lawyer and a politician in both Canada and the United Kingdom.
Macmaster was born into a family of Scottish descent in Williamstown, Glengarry County, Canada West (now in eastern Ontario). He studied law at McGill University, was called to the Quebec bar in 1871, and set up practice in Montreal. Macmaster served as Crown Prosecutor for many cases. He was called to the Ontario bar and appointed Queen's Counsel in 1882.
He represented Glengarry in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1879 to 1882 and in the House of Commons of Canada as a Conservative member from 1883 to 1887, when he lost his seat.
In 1905, Macmaster emigrated to the United Kingdom and settled in London, intending to practise in Privy Council cases, in which he already had considerable experience. In 1910 he was elected to the House of Commons as Conservative member for the Chertsey division of Surrey, holding the seat until his death. He was created a baronet in the 1921 New Year Honours.
In 1880, he married Janet Macdonald, who died less than three years later. In 1890 he married the American Ella Virginia DeFord. Their only son, Donald, was killed in action at the Battle of Loos while commanding a company of the Cameron Highlanders on 25 September 1915.
Footnotes
References
Obituary, The Times, 4 March 1922
External links
The Canadian parliamentary companion, 1883 JA Gemmill
The Canadian men and women of the time : a handbook of Canadian biography HJ Morgan (1898)
1846 births
1922 deaths
People from the United Counties of Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Canadian people of Scottish descent
McGill University Faculty of Law alumni
Lawyers in Ontario
Lawyers in Quebec
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Canadian emigrants to England
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
UK MPs 1918–1922
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Coccothrinax hioramii is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba, in open sandy coastal areas. Like other members of the genus, C. hioramii is a fan palm. Trees are single-stemmed, between 6 and 12 metres tall with stems 7 to 15 centimetres in diameter. The fruit is black, 0.9–1.1 cm in diameter.
Henderson and colleagues spelled the name C. hiorami.
References
hioramii
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
Jim Bob Morris is a former professional American football player who played safety for the Green Bay Packers in 1987–88 in the NFL and played in the USFL for three years with the San Antonio Gunslingers and Memphis Showboats.
Jim Bob grew up in Virgil, Kansas, population 60. He attended Hamilton High where he was All-State in football, basketball and track and holds records for most points scored in a football game of 76 points, scoring 12 touchdowns and 2 extra points, most yards rushed, 354, and total yards for a game, 768. He also holds the team record for most points scored in a basketball game at 48.
He was signed to a basketball scholarship at Coffeyville Community College in 1978. During his freshman year at Coffeyville he played football, basketball and track. His freshman year the team record was 10–1 and capped the year as Coca-Cola Bowl Champions defeating Iowa Central the number one ranked team in the country by a margin of 38–6. Jim also played guard on the nationally ranked basketball team, playing in the National Championship tournament, and he participated in track winning a spot to attend the Junior College National Track Championship as a triple jumper placing 4th. Jim Bob was selected to the Jayhawk Juco All Conference Team and was an All-American per the "Grid Wire". He was voted as student body president in 1979 and won the Presidents Athlete Award as well.
After the 1979 season, Jim Bob was offered a football scholarship to attend Kansas State University where he was coached by Jim Dickey. Jim Bob was an immediate starter for Kansas State and earned All Big Eight honors as a safety and helped lead Kansas State to their first bowl appearance in the school's history in 1982 at the Independence Bowl versus Wisconsin. He led the team in interceptions in 1981.
After graduation Jim Bob signed a free agent contract with the Kansas City Chiefs. He subsequently played for in the USFL for the San Antonio Gunslingers (1984–86) and the Memphis Showboats (1986). In 1987, he joined the Green Bay Packers and lead the team and league in interception return yardage with 174 yards and was second on the team in sacks. He holds the record for the first-year player interceptions for Green Bay. He joined the Houston Oilers as a free agent in 1989 and officially retired from football in 1990.
Jim Bob is married to his wife Lori and they have four children, Alexandra, Nicholas, James and Ava. They live in Jupiter, Fl Bloomington, Il. He is the owner and proprietor of several food packaging and ingredients companies as well as a partner with an arena football team, Bloomington Edge, and started a professional basketball team Central Illinois Drive.
In December 2018, it was announced that Jim Bob gave the lead gift for The Morris Family Multicultural Student Center at Kansas State University.
The building is to be named in honor of his family. As of December 7, 2018, the project had secured $4.2 million of the $5.5 million project goal. The current plan is for the Center to open in Fall 2020 and be connected to the K-State Student Union.
In August 2019, Jim Bob and Carson Coffman launched Wanna, a peer-to-peer sports betting app that is currently only in Brazil. Wanna aims to be the social network for betting peer-to-peer against other people.
In October 20221, Jim Bob launched El Bandido Tequila with Hall of Fame NHL player, Chris Chelios. El Bandido Tequila has 3 products: blanco, reposado, and anejo. El Bandido Tequila has won 2 gold medal awards from BTI.
References
1961 births
Coffeyville Red Ravens football players
Green Bay Packers players
Kansas State Wildcats football players
Living people
San Antonio Gunslingers players
Coffeyville Red Ravens men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Dhaka Metro Rail (), colloquially known as the Dhaka Metro () is an approved mass rapid transit system under construction in Dhaka, the capital and the busiest city of Bangladesh. Together with a separate light rapid transit (LRT) system, it has been long called for to ease the extreme traffic jams and congestion that occur throughout the entire city daily, one of the heaviest in the world. It is a part of the 20-year long Strategic Transport Plan (STP) outlined by the Dhaka Transport Coordination Authority (DTCA), a governmental agency. As of 2022, the metro rail system consists of one line referred to as the MRT (Mass Rapid Transit) Line-6, with other metro rail lines set to be added in the future.
Overview
Line-6 consists of 16 elevated stations each of 180m long and of electricity-powered light rail tracks. All of Line-6, save for the depot, and some of its accompanying LRT, will be elevated above current roads primarily above road medians to allow traffic flow underneath, with stations also elevated.
Dhaka Metro is projected to serve more than 60,000 passengers per hour by 2022, with wait times of approximately 4 minutes. The entire route will be able to be travelled in less than 40 minutes at a speed of , and is expected to drastically reduce the number of private cars on Dhaka's streets as well as their potentially 7-hour-long standstills. The system plans to use magnetic contactless Integrated Circuit Ticketing, commonly known as smart cards. Platform screen door (PSD) barriers used at the platform level will increase safety and increase efficiency.
When the service is in full operation, trains of six air-conditioned spacious cars will arrive every four minutes going each way at each of the 16 stations.
The project is being managed by the Communications Ministry's Dhaka Transport Co-ordination Authority, and a consortium of foreign as well as Bangladeshi firms known as NKDM Association is acting as General Consultant (GC). NKDM Association consists of: Nippon Koei Japan and Development Design Consultants (local consultant - Bangladesh).
History
In an effort to implement Dhaka's 20-year long Strategic Transport Plan (STP), the Bangladeshi government invited the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to conduct a primary survey and feasibility study on the transport system of Dhaka in 2009–2010. In 2012, the Government's Executive Committee of National Economic Council (ECNEC) approved the project. A loan agreement between the Bangladeshi government and JICA was signed in January 2013. Dhaka Mass Transit Company Ltd. (DMTC), the agency responsible for the implementation of the first metro line (MRT Line-6) was formed in January 2013. The General Consultant (GC), namely the NKDM Association, commenced work beginning in February 2014. In June 2013, Dhaka Mass Transit Company Limited (DMTC) was established by the Government to implement the Metro Rail Lines across the city.
Network
Under construction/planned
Lines
MRT Line-1 (Airport Route)
Construction of long underground line, MRT Line-1 (Airport Route) is set to begin in September 2022, costing US$6.1 billion. It will start from Shahjalal International Airport and stop at Kamalapur Railway Station. Line will have 12 underground stations. Stations will be constructed at Shahjalal International Airport, Shahjalal International Airport Teminal 3, Khilkhet, Jamuna Future Park, Notun Bazar, Uttar Badda, Badda, Hatirjheel East, Rampura, Malibagh, Rajarbagh and Kamalapur Railway Station. MRT Line-1 will have interchange of MRT Line-6, MRT Line-2 and MRT Line-4 at Kamalapur Railway Station. There will be interchange of MRT Line-5 Northern Route and Purbachal route of MRT Line-1 in the Nutun Bazar. Hatirjheel East of MRT Line-1 and Aftab Nagar West Station of MRT Line-5: Southern Route will have Interchange. Above all, the airport will have an interchange of MRT Line-1 with BRT Line-3. The government will provide US$1.5 billion while the Japan International Cooperation Agency (Jica) will fund US$4.6 billion.
MRT Line-1 (Purbachal Route)
MRT Line-1 (Purbachal Route) will be long and it will have stations at Notun Bazar, Jamuna Future Park, Bashundhara, Police Officers' Housing Society, Mastul, Purbachal West, Purbachal Centre, Purbachal Sector-7 and Purbachal depot. Of these stations, Notun Bazar and Jamuna Future Park would be underground as a part of the airport route.
MRT Line-2
MRT-2 will connect Gabtoli with Chattogram Road via Bosila, Zigatola, Science Lab, Azimpur, Shaheed Minar, Golap Shah Mazar, Motijheel, Mugda and Demra.This line will have a length of 24 km
MRT Line-4
MRT Line-4 will connect Kamalapur Railway Station with Narayanganj with underground lines. Length of this line will be . According to a survey conducted by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), MRT Line-4 will run parallel to an existing line which will be converted to dual gauge railway line by order of Bangladesh Railway Authority. MRT Line-4 may not be financially viable.
MRT Line-5 (Northern Route)
Construction of MRT Line-5 (Northern Route) will begin from June 2023. MRT Line-5 (Northern Route) will start from Hemayetpur of Savar Upazila and end at Bhatara, costing US$4.85 billion. It expected to be long in total. Northern route will be underground and elevated. It will have 14 stations of them 9 stations will be underground. Those underground stations will be constructed at Gabtoli, Darus Salam, Mirpur 1, Mirpur 10, Mirpur 14, Kachukhet, Banani, Gulshan-2 and Notun Bazar. 5 stations will be elevated. 5 elevated stations will be constructed at Hemayetpur, Baliarpur, Bilamalia, Amin Bazar and Bhatara. MRT Line-5 (Northern Route) will have depot at Hemayetpur of Savar Upazila.
MRT Line-5 (Southern Route)
MRT Line-5 (Southern Route) which is about long is expected to commence within 2027. It stretches from Gabtoli to Dasherkandi. Stations for this route are: Gabtoli, Technical Circle, Kallyanpur, Shyamoli, College Gate, Asad Gate, Russell Square, West Panthapath, Karwan Bazar, Hatirjheel, Tejgaon, Niketon, Aftabnagar West, Aftabnagar Center, Aftabnagar East and end at Dasherkandi with the station and depot. Interchanges to other lines are possible at Gabtoli to MRT 5 (Northern Route).
MRT Line-6
Line-6 consists of 16 elevated stations each of 180m long and of electricity-powered light rail tracks. All of Line-6, save for the depot, and some of its accompanying LRT, elevated above current roads primarily above road medians to allow traffic flow underneath, with stations also elevated. The civil work is being done by the Italian-Thai Development Public Company Ltd. and China's Sinohydro Corporation Ltd. JV and a Tokyo-based construction company is developing the depot's land.
History
The deal for construction of the MRT Line-6, costing US$2.8 billion, was signed by the Government of Bangladesh with the Japan International Cooperation Agency on 20 February 2013. Construction began on 26 June 2016 with an inauguration ceremony presided over by the reigning prime minister Sheikh Hasina. The first route, originally projected to start from Uttara, a northern suburb of Dhaka, to Sayedabad, in the south of the capital, was eventually extended north to Uttara and truncated south to Motijheel. Its launch was delayed several times.
Current Progress
Initiatives have been taken to extend the line from Motijheel to Kamalapur. Topographic Survey has already been completed. Social Survey in progress. The length of this part is 1.17 km. This will enable the passengers of Kamalapur railway station to travel by metro rail.
First Phase
First phase which starts from Uttara and ends at Agargaon will have nine stations. First phase length will be about long. As of 2022, It is expected that first phase will be open for public on Victory day(December 16) 2022. As of February 2022, progress of the first phase is about 90.08 percent.
Second Phase
Second phase will begin from Agargaon and finishes at Motijheel. It will be long. It will have seven stations. As of 2022, it is expected it will be opened for commercial in December 2023. Second phase's physical progress stands at 73.08 percent.
Gallery
See also
List of megaprojects in Bangladesh
List of metro systems
Dhaka Subway
Notes
References
External links
Video on MRT Line-1 Long Version in Bangla by DMTCL
Dhaka Transport Coordination Board video
Dhaka Metro Rail Project Pillars Construction work Video
Dhaka Metro Rail: At A Glance at Travel Mate Bangladesh
Commercial operation of metro rail from Victory Day 2022
Public transport in Bangladesh
Transport in Dhaka
Proposed public transport in Asia
Japan International Cooperation Agency
2022 in rail transport
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = September
|day = 30
|year = 2022
|time = 14:06
|timestamp = 20220930140637
|content=
redirectNitrogen#History
}}
Bronwyn Bancroft (born 1958) is an Aboriginal Australian artist, and among the first Australian fashion designers invited to show her work in Paris. Born in Tenterfield, New South Wales, and trained in Canberra and Sydney, Bancroft worked as a fashion designer, and is an artist, illustrator, and arts administrator.
In 1985, Bancroft established a shop called Designer Aboriginals, selling fabrics made by Aboriginal artists including herself. She was a founding member of Boomalli Aboriginal Artists Co-operative. Art work by Bancroft is held by the National Gallery of Australia, the Art Gallery of New South Wales and the Art Gallery of Western Australia. She has provided art work for more than 20 children's books, including Stradbroke Dreamtime by writer and activist Oodgeroo Noonuccal, and books by artist and writer Sally Morgan. She has received design commissions, including one for the exterior of a sports centre in Sydney.
Bancroft has a long history of involvement in community activism and arts administration, and has served as a board member for the National Gallery of Australia. Her painting Prevention of AIDS (1992) was used in a campaign to raise awareness of HIV/AIDS in Australia. Bancroft has served on the boards of copyright collection agency Viscopy and Tranby Aboriginal College, and the Artists Board at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney.
Early life
A Bundjalung woman, Bancroft was born in Tenterfield, a town in rural New South Wales, in 1958. She was the youngest of seven children of Owen Cecil Joseph Bancroft, known as "Bill"—an Aboriginal Australian from the Djanbun clan—and Dot, who is of Scottish and Polish ancestry. Bancroft has said that her great-great-great-grandmother Pemau was one of only two or three survivors from her clan, the rest murdered when their land was settled by a white farmer. Her grandfather and uncle worked in local goldmines. She recalled that her father's education was obstructed by discrimination because he was Aboriginal. His lack of formal training meant that he had to work away from home cutting railway sleepers, while her mother worked at home as a dressmaker. Bancroft's father was an engineer during World War II, managing barges at Madang and Rabaul.
Following her father's advice on the importance of getting an education or a trade, Bancroft completed high school in Tenterfield before moving to Canberra in 1976 with her husband-to-be Ned Manning, who had also been her teacher. There Bancroft completed a Diploma of Visual Communications through the Canberra School of Art, followed by a Master of Studio Practice and a Master of Visual Arts (Paintings) at the University of Sydney. She never returned to live in Tenterfield, although her three sisters were living there in 2004. Her father died around 1990. Bancroft has three children: Jack was born in 1985, Ella in 1988. She separated from Manning when they were very young; her third child Rubyrose was born in 1999. Jack was awarded NSW Young Australian of the Year in 2010 for his work arranging the mentoring of Indigenous school students.
Career
Art and design
Bancroft was a founding member of the Boomalli Aboriginal Artists Co-operative, one of Australia's oldest Indigenous-run artists' organisations, established in 1987. She served in the roles of chairperson, director, and treasurer during its first two decades. In 1985, she opened a shop in Sydney called Designer Aboriginals, selling the work of designers including her own fabrics, and staffed by her Indigenous female students. Bancroft, Euphemia Bostock and Mini Heath were the first Australian fashion designers invited to show their works in Paris, where Bancroft's painted designs on cloth were exhibited at the 1987 Printemps Fashion Parade. Two years later, in 1989, she contributed to a London exhibition, Australian Fashion: The Contemporary Art. Despite these successes, she moved away from the fashion industry, telling an interviewer in 2005 that she had not done fabric design for 15 years. Described as "an instinctive colourist", Bancroft has since worked primarily as a painter, and has developed "a glowing style reminiscent of stained glass windows". She has cited as influences the American painter Georgia O'Keeffe, European painters Joan Miró, Wassily Kandinsky, and Marc Chagall, and Australian Indigenous artists such as Emily Kngwarreye, Rover Thomas, and Mary MacLean.
Although initially known as a fabric and textile designer, Bancroft has worked with many artistic media, including "jewellery design, painting, collage, illustration, sculpture and interior decoration". Art works by Bancroft are held by the National Gallery of Australia, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, the Art Gallery of Western Australia and the Queensland Art Gallery. The National Gallery holds one of her screenprints, Entrapped, created in 1991. Between 1989 and 2006, Bancroft held eight solo exhibitions and participated in at least 53 group exhibitions, including shows at the Australian Museum in Sydney, the National Gallery of Australia in Canberra, and the National Gallery of Victoria. Her art has been exhibited in Indonesia, New Zealand, the US, France and Germany.
In 2004, Bancroft was commissioned to design a large mural covering the exterior of a sports centre housing two basketball courts at Tempe Reserve in Marrickville, New South Wales. The mural depicts a snake, a man, and a woman, representing both biblical and Indigenous Australian creation stories. It also includes the goanna, the ancestral totem of the Marrickville area's original inhabitants, the Wangal people.
Bancroft ventured into illustrating children's books in 1993, when she provided the artwork for Fat and Juicy Place written by Dianna Kidd. The book was shortlisted for the Children's Book Council of Australia's Book of the Year and won the Australian Multicultural Children's Book Award. In the same year, she illustrated Stradbroke Dreamtime by Indigenous activist and writer Oodgeroo Noonuccal. She was the third artist to have provided images for successive editions of the book, of which the first edition was released in 1972. Bancroft has since contributed artwork for over 20 children's books, including some by prominent Australian writer and artist Sally Morgan, whom she regards as a mentor and friend. These books include Dan's grandpa (1996) and Sam's bush journey (2009). The two artists collaborated on an exhibition of prints at Warrnambool Art Gallery in Victoria in 1991. Researcher and museum curator Margo Neale has described the art of both Bancroft and Morgan as depicting "their relationship to country and family in generally high-keyed works, celebrating and commemorating through personal or collective stories in mainly figurative narratives."
As well as working with established writers, Bancroft has created a number of children's books in her own right, including An Australian 1 2 3 of Animals and An Australian ABC of Animals, which have been favourably reviewed as imaginative and well-illustrated. Her style of illustration has been described as "bold and mysterious", and as "traditional Australian Aboriginal representation rendered in bright, eye-catching colors." In 2009 Bancroft received the Dromkeen Medal for her contribution to children's literature. In May 2010, the Governor-General of Australia Quentin Bryce launched Bancroft's latest book, Why I Love Australia. A long-time supporter of Bancroft's work, Ms Bryce said: "Why I love Australia is a work and title that, again, speaks volumes of its author and illustrator. It simply and exquisitely rejoices in telling a story of this magnificent, sacred land we share: the mountains, rivers and gorges; seas and coral reefs; grasslands and bushlands; saltpans and snow; houses and streets; the jeweled night sky, and so much more."
Bancroft's art has also appeared in the publications of a number of other individuals and organisations, including as cover art for books from the Australian Museum and the New South Wales Education Department, for Larissa Behrendt's novel Home, and for Roberta Sykes's controversial autobiographical narratives Snake Cradle and Snake Dancing, among others.
Administration and activism
Bancroft has been active in arts organisations, and served two terms on the board of the National Gallery of Australia during the 1990s. She was chair of the Visual Arts Board of the New South Wales Ministry for the Arts, and of the National Indigenous Arts Advocacy Organisation from 1993 to 1996. In the lead-up to the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Bancroft was a member of the design committee that advised on the development of the games' official logo, and has acted as a judge for the $35,000 Country Energy Art Prize. Bancroft was a member of the board of directors of the Australian copyright collection agency, Viscopy, and while serving in that position has been an advocate of resale royalty rights for artists. She has observed that "resale royalties are an intrinsic link to the improvement of the inherent rights of Australian artists to a fair income". She was a member of the Sydney Museum of Contemporary Art's Artist Advisory Group in 2005, and is a member of the Museum's Artists Board. She has served on the board of the Indigenous training organisation, Tranby Aboriginal College.
Within and beyond her artistic works, Bancroft has demonstrated concern for a range of social issues, particularly those affecting Indigenous Australians. Her painting Prevention of AIDS (1992) was reproduced on posters and postcards aimed at raising awareness of HIV/AIDS, and was one of several of her images commissioned by the federal Department of Health to highlight issues regarding the disease in the Indigenous community. In 2000, two years after the death of activist Mum (Shirl) Smith, Bancroft and the Boomalli Aboriginal Artists Co-operative organised a fund-raising exhibition of art works in Smith's honour.
Bancroft is a director of the Australian Indigenous Mentoring Experience, a not-for-profit organisation that aims to increase senior high school and university admission rates for Indigenous students. She has taught and mentored Indigenous school students such as Jessica Birk, a winner of the Australia Council's inaugural Emerging and Young Artist Award in May 2009.
In 2021, Bancroft was inaugural recipient of the $30,000 NSW Aboriginal Creative Fellowship.
Selected published works
Walking the boundaries (illustrator), Angus & Robertson, 1993,
Stradbroke dreamtime (illustrator), Angus & Robertson, 1993,
Dirrangun (illustrator), Angus & Robertson, 1994,
Dan's Grandpa (illustrator), Fremantle Press, 1996,
Leaving (illustrator), Roland Harvey, 2000,
The Outback (illustrator), with Annaliese Porter, Magabala Books, 2005,
An Australian ABC of Animals, Little Hare Books, 2005,
Ready to Dream (illustrator), Bloomsbury, 2008,
An Australian 1, 2, 3 of animals, Little Hare Books, 2009,
W is for wombat: my first Australian word book, Little Hare Books, 2009,
Why I love Australia, Little Hare Books, 2010,
Colours of Australia, Hardie Grant Egmont, 2016, 742976914
Shapes of Australia, Little Hare Books, 2017,
Clever crow = Wäk L̲iya-Djambatj, Magabala Books, 2018,
1, 2, 3 of Australian animals, Little Hare Books, 2019,
Coming Home to Country, Little Hare Books, 2020,
Major collections
Artbank
Art Gallery of New South Wales
State Library of New South Wales
Art Gallery of Western Australia
Australian Museum
Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet (Australia)
National Gallery of Australia
National Museum of Australia
New York Public Library Print Collection
Newark Museum
Parliament House Art Collection
Queensland Art Gallery
See also
Contemporary Indigenous Australian art
References
External links
Bronwyn Bancroft's design company
Bronwyn Bancroft News at the Aboriginal Art Directory
Examples of Bancroft's art, from an exhibition at Wilson Street Gallery, Sydney, 2010
Textile designers
1958 births
Living people
Australian Aboriginal artists
Bundjalung people
Artists from New South Wales
Australian people of Scottish descent
Australian people of Polish descent
People from New England (New South Wales)
20th-century Australian women artists
20th-century Australian artists
21st-century Australian women artists
21st-century Australian artists
Okopy () is a selo in western Ukraine. It is located in Chortkiv Raion (district) of Ternopil Oblast (province), and had its origins as a Polish fortress at the meeting of the Zbruch and Dniester rivers. It belongs to Melnytsia-Podilska settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
The current estimated population is around 557 (as of 2005).
Name
The settlement was previously referred to as Okopy Svyatoyi Triytsi (Ukrainian: Окопи Святої Трійці; ; Russian: Окопы Святой Троицы), translated as the Ramparts of the Holy Trinity.
History
The stronghold and the neighbouring town were built in 1692, by Stanisław Jan Jabłonowski, Grand Hetman of the Crown. The site was chosen by King Jan III Sobieski of Poland, as a measure to stop a possible attack from the nearby Turkish-seized fortresses of Kamieniec Podolski, twenty kilometers away, and Chocim, eight kilometers away. The fortress was expanded by Tylman of Gameren, one of the most notable Polish architects of the time.
The site is a natural fortress: a small strip of high rocks linking the Zbruch and Dnister rivers. Tylman of Gameren decided to build a double line of fortifications (two rampart lines of bastion system) with two gates leading east- (Kamieniec Gate) and westwards (Lwów Gate). Other directions were defended by towered walls and natural escarpments over the river banks, with walls stretching along both sides of isthmus on the edge of steep slope to the river. The construction was started under the command of the General of Horse Artillery, Marcin Katski, and the works were finished in the same year. The nearby village was also fortified. In 1693 Jan III Sobieski built a votive church in the compound. Israel ben Eliezer, a Jewish mystical rabbi and the founder of the Hasidic Jewish movement, was born in Okopy in 1698 (although he later lived in nearby Tluste).
The stronghold was abandoned in 1699, when the rest of Podolia was returned to Poland, and the fortress lost its importance as a counterbalance to Kamieniec Podolski. In 1769, the Bar Confederacy, defended the stronghold against the besieging forces of Russia. The defence was commanded by the future Hero of the American Revolutionary War, Kazimierz Pułaski.
After the Partitions of Poland in 1772, the village and the ruins of the stronghold became the easternmost point of Austrian Galicia. The nearby town was abandoned, and the inhabitants of the village moved inside the fortress walls. Most of the houses that were built were made from the stones that had been used to construct the earlier defensive walls. The remaining parts of the stronghold (both gates, one of the forts, the ruins of the Holy Trinity church and parts of the walls) were partially restored in 1905 by count Mieczysław Dunin-Borkowski.
After the Polish-Bolshevik War of 1920, the site was made part of Poland, in the Tarnopol Voivodship, near the Polish border with the Soviet Union and Romania. The 14th battalion of the Border Defence Corps were stationed there. In the interbellum, the village was known for its wineries and peach orchards. It became a holidays center for the inhabitants of the nearby cities of Ternopil, and Lviv.
After the World War II, the site was annexed by the Soviet Union. The village was renamed "Okopy" and was turned into a Kolkhoz, and soon totally depopulated, as a result of the forced migration of Poles to Siberia.
The ruins of the stronghold can be found in the western part of the village.
The name of the fortress was popularized in Poland by Zygmunt Krasiński's usage of it in his drama Nie-Boska komedia (The Un-divine Comedy,1835).
Until 18 July 2020, Okopy belonged to Borshchiv Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Ternopil Oblast to three. The area of Borshchiv Raion was merged into Chortkiv Raion.
Notable people
Baal Shem Tov, founder of the 18th century Hasidic movement; also an ancestor of the rabbi of Kyiv Nukhym Vaisblat and Volodymyr Vaisblat
References
External links
Okopy Świętej Trójcy in the Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland (1886)
Original plan of the stronghold
Photo of Castle Trenches of the Holy Trinity on Castles.com.ua
Temples of Podolia. Borschiv Region
Okopy at Architectural Landmarks of Ukraine
Villages in Chortkiv Raion
Forts in Ukraine
1690s establishments in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Populated places established in 1692
1692 establishments in Europe
The National Museum of Surveying was originally the Michigan Museum of Surveying, but in 2007, the museum moved to Springfield, Illinois to become a national museum. The museum officially opened in Springfield on September 24, 2010 and closed in January, 2013. In the space, the museum housed many exhibits on surveying, a room sponsored by NCEES, and the Science on a Sphere. The museum was on the Old State Capitol Plaza, just north of the Old State Capitol.
Exhibits
The museum had three exhibit rooms:
The first exhibit room was funded by NCEES. The demographics of surveyors show an aging workforce, and the goal of this exhibit was to inspire students to become surveyors. The donation was $75,000 which was used to construct a 45-seat theater. The theater showed videos on the history and evolution of surveying.
The second exhibit was on the history of surveying.
The last exhibit was the Science on a Sphere, which was funded by NOAA
See also
Surveying in early America
References
External links
National Museum of Surveying The website is not active.
Defunct museums in Illinois
Surveying organizations
Geographic data and information organizations in the United States
Science museums in Illinois
Museums established in 2007
Museums disestablished in 2013
2013 disestablishments in Illinois
The Grand Forks Chiefs were a minor league baseball team from Grand Forks, North Dakota. They played in the Northern League from 1934 to 1964, with a couple breaks in between.
History
Minor league baseball first began in Grand Forks when the 1897 Grand Forks Senators became members of the Red River Valley League. They were followed by the Grand Forks Forkers who played as members of the Northern League (1902-1905) and Northern-Copper Country League (1906). The Grand Forks Flickertails played as members of the Central International League (1912) and Northern League (1913-1915).
The Grand Forks Chiefs began play in 1934, after Grand Forks had hosted the two previous teams in the Northern League. The Chiefs were a minor league affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers (1964), Cleveland Indians (1963, Pittsburgh Pirates (1956–1962), Philadelphia Phillies (1951–1952), New York Yankees (1948–1950), Brooklyn Dodgers (1946) and Chicago White Sox (1939–1942).
Ballparks
The Chiefs played at home games at the Grand Forks Municipal Ballpark, which was located at 1124 Demers Avenue. Today, the site is the Central Fire Station.
Notable alumni
Baseball Hall of Fame Alumni
Willie Stargell (1960) Inducted, 1988
Notable alumni
Bob Clear (1960-1961)
Dave Garcia (1941)
Dale Hackbart (1960) Became NFL football player.
Ramon Hernandez (1959-1960)
Johnny Hopp (1955) MLB All-Star
Dick Jamieson (1958) Became NFL player
Rex Johnston (1960) Played in NFL
Bob Lee MLB All-Star
Morrie Martin (1941)
Jose Martinez (1961)
Gene Michael (1959-1960)
Johnny Mostil (1938-1939) 2× AL stolen base leader (1925, 1926)
Glen Selbo (1947) Became NBA basketball player
Dave Wickersham (1956)
Year-by-year record
* Baukol Playoffs based on last 30 days of season
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Sports in Grand Forks, North Dakota
Los Angeles Dodgers minor league affiliates
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Cleveland Guardians minor league affiliates
Chicago White Sox minor league affiliates
Pittsburgh Pirates minor league affiliates
Philadelphia Phillies minor league affiliates
Professional baseball teams in North Dakota
New York Yankees minor league affiliates
Northern League (1902-71) baseball teams
1934 establishments in North Dakota
1964 disestablishments in North Dakota
Baseball teams established in 1934
Baseball teams disestablished in 1964
Defunct baseball teams in North Dakota
The George Capron House is a historic house located at 6 North Pleasant Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
Description and history
Constructed in 1888, the house is considered a fine example of a "builders Queen Anne" style house built for middle class residents during the late 19th century. The -story house has asymmetrical massing typical of the style, with projecting gabled sections and a decorative wraparound porch. The property includes a matching carriage house.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Queen Anne architecture in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1888
Havana, Cuba, is a host city to numerous events and festivals.
Festivals and events
Havana International Jazz Festival
Many festivals held in Cuba revolve around the arts such as music, dance, art, and even film making. One such festival is the annual Havana Jazz Festival, founded by several Cuban jazz musicians, which includes Cuba's Bobby Carcasses Afro-Cuban jazz "Havana Jazz Festival." The first venue for this jazz concert was the Casa de La Cultura Plaza in downtown Havana, which is still home to many music and jam sessions that take place to this day.
The International Havana Ballet Festival
The International Havana Ballet Festival (Festival Internacional de Ballet de La Habana) is an event dedicated to the art of dance. Created in 1960 by a joint effort of the Ballet Nacional de Cuba, the Instituto Nacional de la Industria Turística and the cultural organizations of the government, the International Ballet Festival of Havana was added to the plans of massive diffusion of arts started after the Cuban Revolution on 1 January 1959. This Festival, which currently is held in alternate years, is one of the oldest worldwide, and meets at different venues in the Cuban capital and in other cities. The event is non-competitive and its objective is the fraternal meeting of artists and other specialists. The International Ballet Festival of Havana attracts prestigious dancers from around the world, who perform along with artists from the country's own National Ballet of Cuba. The first ever International Ballet Festival of Havana was held in 1960 and became a biannual event from 1974. To this day, the event continues to be one of the most prominent ballet festivals in Cuba and attracts audiences from all over.
Havana's International Film Festival
The Havana's International Film Festival or (The International Festival of New Latin American Cinema) was founded on 3 December 1979 as a way to pay tribute to Spanish-language filmmakers. As a tradition, the festival takes place every December in the city. The event organizes several contests in categories such as fiction medium- and short-length films, first-timers, documentary, animation, scripts and posters, though the major attraction of the whole event is the Official Section Contest, in which some 21 feature films compete for the Coral Award. The festival has been the starting place for many now mainstream films includings the critically acclaimed movie City of God, which was Brazil's official film submission for the festival in 2002.
Habanos Cigar Festival
Every year Havana plays host to the Habanos Cuban Cigar Festival in the month of February. The festival is usually held over five days, with activities including: tours of cigar factories, a trade fair, various seminars focused on the production, distribution and history of Havanos cigars, cigar tastings, Habanosommelier contest, an instruction class on how to roll a Habano, and visits to tobacco plantations. Attendees of this event include distributors, “La Casa del Habano” managers from all over the world, production and sales executives, producers and marketers of luxury and smoker products, tobacco producers, dealers of the tobacco industry, artisans and collectors, smoker clubs, and amateur smokers.
Others
Love in Festival (every year with a different social theme)
The Havana International Book Fair
International Percussion Festival
Cuba Pista Cycling Cup
May Theatre
Havana International Guitar Festival and Competition
International Ernest Hemingway White Marlin Fishing Tournament
International Boleros de Oro Festival
The Havana Carnival
The Festival of Caribbean Culture
The Havana International Theatre Festival
The Havana Festival of Contemporary Music
Havana International Festival of University Theatre
References
External links
at Cuba Debate newspaper
Culture in Havana
"Roller Coaster" is a song by South Korean singer Chungha, serving as the lead single from her second EP, Offset. As of February 2021, the song has close to 70 million views on YouTube, and over 40 million streams on Spotify.
Composition
The electropop song is the lead single of Chungha's Offset EP and incorporates alt-R&B and groovy strings to propel the singer's vocals. The song reflects on the emotions of a relationship, comparing the ups and downs of romance to the title "Roller Coaster" ride. Soompi described it as "a dance song that's reminiscent of '90s style music but with a modern two-step rhythm."
Music video
The music video for "Roller Coaster" bounces between multiple versions of Chungha as a representation of the song's meaning, alternating between a wide-eyed, sweater-wearing innocent to an early 2000s-inspired dancing queen and day-glo hued club dancer.
Accolades
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
Notes
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
Chungha songs
Song recordings produced by Black Eyed Pilseung
MNH Entertainment singles
Korean-language songs
Hirabayashi Station is the name of multiple train stations in Japan.
Hirabayashi Station (Niigata) in Niigata Prefecture
Hirabayashi Station (Osaka) in Osaka Prefecture
Trichlora is a genus of Peruvian plants in the onion subfamily within the Amaryllis family. There are 4 known species, all endemic to Perú.
Trichlora huascarana Ravenna - Perú (Ancash)
Trichlora lactea Ravenna - Perú (Cajamarca )
Trichlora peruviana Baker - Perú (Lima, Cusco)
Trichlora sandwithii Vargas - Perú (Apurímac)
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Endemic flora of Peru
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
Kambrell Houston Garvin is an American injury attorney and politician from South Carolina. He serves as a Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives, representing House District 77, Richland County, Columbia, SC. He was first elected in 2018.
Early life and education
Kambrell Garvin was born in Columbia, SC. He was raised by his single mother, Dr. Sonji Garvin Baxter. At a young age, Kambrell Garvin developed a speech impediment, and his mother changed her career path and became a speech pathologist to help her son.
Garvin studied Political Science with a minor in African American Studies and Sociology at Winthrop University, receiving a BA in 2013. He then went on to complete a Masters of Science in Education from Johns Hopkins University School of Education in 2016. He spent three years as a public school teacher in Walterboro, South Carolina.
In May 2019, Garvin received a J.D. from the University of South Carolina School of Law. He since became an attorney at McGowan, Hood & Felder, LLC.
Political engagement
Kambrell first got involved in politics at the age of 10, when he organized his first voter registration campaign. He participated in various political campaigns, rallies and political conventions throughout his teen and college years, mostly around education and social justice issues. He was a member of Teach for America, a non-profit organization aiming to end educational inequity.
South Carolina House of Representatives
He first ran for office in 2018, when he challenged Democratic incumbent Joe McEachern in the Democratic Primaries for House District 77 when he was 26 years old. After a close first round, Garvin went on to defeat McEachern in the runoff by a 70 to 30 percent margin. Garvin then won in the General election and began his term as state representative in January 2019.
As state legislator, Kambrell proposed a bill that would prohibit job application from including questions related to convictions of a crime. He introduced a bill to the SC House which would make it illegal to discriminate based on hair, akin to the CROWN Act in California. Garvin currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Richland County Legislative Delegation.
2020 Presidential election
Kambrell endorsed Elizabeth Warren in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries. He became a surrogate for her campaign in the South Carolina Primary. He said he supported her for her many progressive proposals, and her student debt cancellation plan in particular.
Personal life
Kambrell is married to Monique Patton Garvin. The couple resides in Northeast Columbia, SC.
References
External links
Living people
Members of the South Carolina House of Representatives
South Carolina Democrats
African-American state legislators in South Carolina
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American politicians
Vyacheslav Gryaznov (; born 15 January 1982) is a Russian classical pianist, recording artist, transcriber, composer, and assistant professor of piano. In 2006, he studied at the Moscow Conservatory under Yuri Slesarev and post-graduate studies in 2009. Since 2008, he has held the position of teaching assistant in the Piano Department of the Moscow Conservatory. Beginning with the 2008/2009 concert season, V. Gryaznov has belonged to the Moscow Philharmonic Society which represents him in Russia. Since 2012, he has worked as a visiting professor of piano at Kurashiki Sakuyo University of Science and Arts in Japan. In 2014 Vyacheslav signed a contract with Schott Music, the leading publisher for classical and contemporary music.
Awards and prizes
Rubinstein International Competition in Moscow (1997, 1st Prize)
The First Russian President Award (1997)
To the memory of Rachmaninov” Competition in Italy (1998, 1st Prize)
Grant by V. Spivakov Foundation (1999–2003)
Competition of Young Performers in Denmark (2001, Grand Prix)
XXI Century Art» Competition in Ukraine (2001, Grand Prix)
Tbilisi Competition (Georgia, 2001, «Audience Favourite» Prize)
Grant by Russian Performing Art Foundation (2002)
Yamaha Scholarship (2002)
Grant by M. Rostropovich Foundation (H.Neuhaus award, 2002–2003)
Sendai International Music Competition, Japan (2007, 6th Prize)
Rachmaninov Competition in Moscow (2008, 2nd Prize)
Honored Citizen of Bryansk (2011)
New York Concert Artists & Associates Worldwide Debut Audition winner, Piano category (2016)
Recordings
In addition to extensive recordings of live performances, Vyacheslav Gryaznoff recorded the CD “To Rachmaninov and his beloved Ivanovka,” a collection of his own transcriptions and works by Rachmaninov; and Alexander Tchaikovsky's Sonata No. 2 on the Firma Melodiya label. Gryaznov recorded its own piano transcriptions of Russian masterworks by Rachmaninov, Borodin, Prokofiev, Glinka and Tchaikovsky in a studio album released in 2018 under the label Steinway & Sons. In 2021, he released the CD "Western Piano Transcriptions" under the label Master Performers including piano arrangements of famous works by Mahler, Grieg, Debussy or Ravel.
Performances
As a soloist, Gryaznov has given numerous recitals throughout Russia, Ukraine, Georgia, Asia, and Europe, and has performed concertos with the Russian Philharmonic Orchestra in Tchaikovsky Concert Hall, Moscow; performed and conducted Mozart's Concerto K. 449 in Vladimir at a concert of the “Stars of the XXI century” series; and the Wissembourg Symphony Orchestra.
His performance repertoire includes works that span the entire piano literature, from Monteverdi, Bach or Mozart to modern composers such as Ravel, Gershwin or Ginastera.
References
External links
Personal web site
Russian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Living people
1982 births
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century Russian male musicians
Russian YouTubers
Male YouTubers
Russian male YouTubers
Music YouTubers
The Advowsons Act 1708 (7 Ann c 18) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain.
Advowson is the right to nominate someone to a bishop to be appointed as minister to a particular church.
The whole Act was repealed by section 1 of, and Part II of the Schedule to, the Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1969.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1708
Güneydemirciler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 344 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Balaustion is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. The sole species is Balaustion pulcherrimum, commonly known as the native pomegranate, which is endemic to Western Australia.
A formerly included species, Balaustion microphyllum, is currently placed in the genus Cheyniana, as Cheyniana microphylla.
References
Myrtaceae
Monotypic Myrtaceae genera
Myrtales of Australia
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by William Jackson Hooker
Acronia pulchella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Arnold Schultze in 1922. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Acronia
Beetles described in 1922
The Dunwich Benevolent Asylum was a Benevolent Asylum for the aged, infirm and destitute operated by the Queensland Government in Australia. It was located at Dunwich on North Stradbroke Island in Moreton Bay and operated from 1865 to 1946.
History
The Dunwich Benevolent Asylum was established under the Benevolent Asylum Wards Act of 1861 to provide accommodation and care to poor people unable to care for themselves due to illness or infirmity. It opened on 13 May 1865 with the transfer of initial patients from the Benevolent Ward of the Brisbane General Hospital.
Over 21,000 people were admitted to the asylum during its operation, with around 1000 to 1600 at any one time. Those who died in the asylum were generally buried in the Dunwich Cemetery unless families made other arrangements. In the 80 years spanning 1867-1947, 8,426 former inmates of the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum were buried in the Dunwich Cemetery.
It operated until 30 September 1946, after which the patients were transferred to the newly opened Eventide Home at Sandgate, a northern suburb of Brisbane. Most of the buildings were subsequently destroyed. However, some buildings remain including the heritage-listed St Mark's Anglican Church and Dunwich Public Hall.
The 'Aboriginal Gang' that worked the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum were the first Aboriginal people in Australia to receive equal wages. In 1944, after a 25 year campaign, the Aboriginal workers gained equal wages almost 20 years before anywhere else in Australia. The Asylum closed shortly after with the Aboriginal Gang only getting equal wages for one and a half years.
Geography
The asylum occupied most of the current Dunwich township. There were many buildings with wards for men, women and Asiatics. It had a kitchen, bakery, laundry and other service buildings including a power station from 1926. It had a public hall, recreational facilities and a visitor centre for social activities. A farm with associated outbuildings provided meat and dairy products. A 1913 map shows it occupying the coastal area from Dunwich Cemetery down to the present day jetty and inland to approximately the present day Mitchell Crescent and Barton Street. Swamps are shown beyond the boundaries.
Research holdings
Archival material on Dunwich Benevolent Asylum is held by the Queensland State Archives and by the North Stradbroke Island Historical Museum.
Notable inmates
Alexandre Arsène Girault, entomologist
References
External links
1913 map of the asylum
— a presentation about the men's mess hall (now the Dunwich Public Hall) and its history including photos
Getting Equal: Australia's first successful Aboriginal wages case. John Oxley Library Blog, State Library of Queensland.
Aged care in Australia
Dunwich, Queensland
1865 establishments in Australia
Buildings and structures in Redland City
Bakhorapur is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 4,903, in 682 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Wendy Seltzer is an American attorney and a staff member at the World Wide Web Consortium, where she is the chair of the Improving Web Advertising Business Group. She was previously with Princeton's Center for Information Technology Policy. Seltzer is also a Fellow with Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet & Society, where she founded and leads the Lumen clearinghouse, which is aimed at helping Internet users to understand their rights in response to cease-and-desist threats related to intellectual property and other legal demands.
Seltzer sits on the board of directors of the World Wide Web Foundation. A former At-large Liaison to the ICANN board of directors, she has advocated for increased transparency of the organization of, and for increased protection of, the privacy of Internet users. From April to July of 2007, she was a Visiting Fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute.
Previously, she was a visiting assistant professor at the Northeastern University School of Law and Brooklyn Law School, and a fellow at the Information Society Project at Yale Law School, and served on the board of directors of the Tor Project. Before that, she was a staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, specializing in intellectual property and free speech issues.
Seltzer has an A.B. from Harvard College and a J.D. from Harvard Law School. She is also a Perl programmer.
Publications
"EFF Members Build Liberated TVs." Deeplinks (May 23, 2005). Electronic Frontier Foundation.
References
External links
Official website
Profile at Berkman Center for Internet & Society | Harvard University
Profile at Node.js Interactive
Speaking session: 11:20am, December 12, 2019.
Profile at Oxford Internet Institute
Wendy Seltzer's blog
Papers by Wendy Seltzer at SSRN
Digital TV Liberation Front — Broadcast Flag at Electronic Frontier Foundation
Fulbright Chair Speaker Series (MP3)
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
American bloggers
American women lawyers
Berkman Fellows
Copyright activists
Copyright scholars
Privacy activists
First Amendment scholars
Harvard College alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Open content activists
Yale Information Society Project Fellows
American women bloggers
Women legal scholars
Brooklyn Law School faculty
Yale Law School faculty
21st-century American women
The orange-backed woodpecker (Reinwardtipicus validus) is a bird in the woodpecker family Picidae, found in southern Thailand, Malaya, Sarawak and Sabah in Malaysia, Brunei, Sumatra, and Java. It is monotypic in the genus Reinwardtipicus.
Taxonomy
The orange-backed woodpecker was described and illustrated in 1825 by Dutch zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck in his Nouveau recueil de planches coloriées d'oiseaux from specimens that had been collected on the Indonesian island of Java. He coined the binomial name Pic validus. The woodpecker is now the sole species placed in the genus Reinwardtipicus that was erected in 1854 by French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte to accommodate the orange-backed woodpecker. The genus name Reinwardtipicus was chosen to honour the Dutch naturalist Caspar Reinwardt. His name is combined with picus, the Latin word for a woodpecker. The specific epithet validus is a Latin word meaning "strong" or "powerful". The orange-backed woodpecker belongs to the tribe Campephilini in the subfamily Picinae. Molecular genetic studies have show that the species is closely related to the woodpeckers in the genus Chrysocolaptes.
Two subspecies are recognised:
R. v. xanthopygius (Finsch, 1905) – the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, and Borneo
R. v. validus (Temminck, 1825) – Java
References
External links
orange-backed woodpecker
Megapicini
Birds of Malesia
orange-backed woodpecker
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Afinidades () is the debut feature film co-directed by Cuban director-actors Jorge Perugorría and Vladimir Cruz. They also both play the main roles in the film, a psychological drama. Cruz was also the screenwriter of the film, which is an adaptation of the Reynaldo Montero novel Música de cámara.
Afinidades was mostly filmed in Guamá, in Cuba's Ciénaga de Zapata region, with some parts shot in a studio built in Santa Fe, Havana. It premiered on 4 December 2010 at the Festival internacional de cine de La Habana.
Plot
The plot is around two couples. One pair is Perugorría and Spanish actress Cuca Escribano; the other is Cruz and Gabriela Griffith. Film takes place inland on fresh water, a great opportunity to meditate about the human being and its complexities, facing emptiness and the lack of rational explanation for many of the problems of the contemporary world, sometimes appearing that the only way out is to take refuge in instincts and sex. But the result is ephemeral and the attempt has unforeseeable consequences.
Cast
Jorge Perugorría
Vladimir Cruz
Cuca Escribano
Gabriela Griffith
References
External links
Erdal Can Alkoçlar
2010 films
2010 drama films
Films shot in Cuba
Spanish drama films
2010s Spanish-language films
Cuban drama films
2010s Spanish films
The 1998 United States Senate election in Indiana was held November 3, 1998. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Dan Coats decided to retire instead of seeking a second full term. Democratic nominee, former Governor Evan Bayh won the open seat his father once held.
Candidates
Democratic
Evan Bayh, former Governor
Republican
Paul Helmke, Mayor of Fort Wayne
Results
Overall
By county
Bayh won 88 of Indiana's counties compared to 4 for Helmke.
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
1998
Indiana
United States Senate
Evan Bayh
Katty García (born 1988) is an Ecuadorian theater and television actress, who played the role of Beverly in the telenovela 3 familias of Ecuavisa.
Theatre
Toda esta larga noche
Ay mamá
Hola, soy tu vagina
Tres Familias
Television
Historias personales
El exitoso Lcdo. Cardoso
Aída
La Pareja Feliz 5
Vivos
3 Familias
References
1988 births
21st-century Ecuadorian actresses
Ecuadorian stage actresses
Ecuadorian telenovela actresses
Ecuadorian television actresses
Living people
The 1878 Columbia football team represented Columbia University in the 1878 college football season.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
College football winless seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Columbia football
Rosemarie Beck (July 8, 1923 – July 15, 2003) was an American abstract expressionist, figurative expressionist painter in the post-World War II era. She was married to the writer and editor Robert Phelps.
Education and early life
A 1944 graduate of Oberlin College with a bachelor's degree in art history, Beck later studied at Columbia University, the Art Students League in New York, The Institute of Fine Arts at New York University, and in workshops with well-known artists Kurt Seligmann and Robert Motherwell. Shortly after graduating from Oberlin in 1944, she moved to Woodstock, N.Y., where she struck up friendships with neighbors Philip Guston and Bradley Walker Tomlin, artists who had an influence on her early work.
Career
In the early part of her career, she was regarded as a member of the second generation of the New York School of abstract expressionists and her work was often exhibited at their annual shows at the Stable and Peridot galleries.
Beck did consider herself an abstract expressionist, and by the late 1950s, she had switched to the figurative focus that she would retain for the rest of her career.
Beck became “one of the few painters of our time to treat grand themes in ambitious multi-figure compositions while satisfying a need both for abstract structure and for an execution that embodies energy without being gratuitous,” according to critic Martica Sawin.
Beck taught at Queens College of New York, Vassar College, Middlebury College, the Vermont Studio Center, and the New York Studio School of Drawing, Painting and Sculpture, where she was on the faculty until shortly before she died.
Public collections
Two Women, ca. 1960-1965, Smithsonian American Art Museum, Washington, D.C.
The Art Center. Vassar College. Poughkeepsie, NY
Fine Art Museum, Western Carolina University, Cullowhee, NC
Bryn Mawr College, Bryn Mawr, PA
Corcoran Gallery of Art. Washington, DC
The Corporation of Yaddo, New York, NY
The Hirshhom Museum, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC
Hood Museum of Art, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
The McCoy Institute
Museum of Art, Middlebury College, Middlebury, VT
National Academy of Design, New York, NY
The Neuberger Museum, SUNY Purchase, Purchase, NY
Trenton Museum
The University of Nebraska
Queens College Art Center, Flushing, NY
Smith College Museum of Art, Northampton, MA
Weatherspoon Art Museum, University of North Carolina, Greensboro, NC
Whitney Museum of American Art. New York, NY
Solo exhibitions
2015 "Lyric Truth" (3 venue retrospective), Portland State University, Portland, OR
2013 "Le Maquillage & Magdalen," Steven Harvey Fine Art Projects, New York, NY
2013 "Rosemarie Beck: Paintings from the 60s," The National Arts Club, New York, NY
2012 "Rosemarie Beck: Embroidered Mythologies," Lori Bookstein Fine Art, New York, NY
2007 Rosemarie Beck: Abstraction into Figuration, Paintings 1952-1965, Lori Bookstein Fine Art, New York, NY
2003 Belk Gallery, Western Carolina University, Cullowhee, NC; Rider University Art Gallery, Rider University, Lawrenceville, NJ
2002 University Galleries, Wright State University, Dayton, OH
1999 Retrospective Exhibition, Queens College, NY
1992 Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
1989 Ingber Gallery, New York, NY
1985 New York Museum Annex, Brooklyn, NY
1980 Cornell University, Ithaca, NY
1979 Middlebury College, Middlebury, VT
1972 Peridot-Washburn Gallery, NY
1971 Zachary Waller Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; Duke University Museum, Chapel Hill, NC
1962 State University at New Paltz, NY
1960 Wesleyan University, Middletown, CT (12 year retrospective)
1961 Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, NY
1957 Vassar College Art Gallery, Poughkeepsie, NY
1948 Woodstock Artists Association, Maverick Concert Hall, Woodstock, NY
1944 Allen Art Museum, Oberlin, OH
References
External links
Official site
http://www.maureenmullarkey.com/essays/beck.html
http://womansartjournal.org/26-1.php
http://corescholar.libraries.wright.edu/restein_catalogs/34/
1923 births
2003 deaths
Abstract expressionist artists
American abstract artists
20th-century American women artists
Oberlin College alumni
Columbia University alumni
New York University alumni
21st-century American women
Info is a software utility which forms a hypertextual, multipage documentation and help viewer working on a command-line interface.
Info reads info files generated by the texinfo program and presents the documentation as a tree with simple commands to traverse the tree and to follow cross-references. For instance, pressing the space bar scrolls down within the current tree node or goes to the next node in the current document if already at the bottom of the current node, allowing to read the contents of an info file sequentially. Pressing the backspace key moves in the opposite direction. Furthermore:
goes to the next node in the current document.
goes to the previous node in the current document.
goes to the next node on the same level as the current node.
goes to the previous node on the same level as the current node.
("up") goes to the parent of the current node.
goes to the last visited node.
Moving the cursor over a link (a word preceded by an asterisk) and pressing the enter key follows the link.
Pressing the tab key will move the cursor to the next the nearest link.
The C implementation of info was designed as the main documentation system of GNU based operating systems and was then ported to other Unix-like operating systems. However, info files had already been in use on ITS emacs. On the TOPS-20 operating system INFO was called XINFO.
List of Info readers
GNU info, distributed with Texinfo
pinfo
tkman
tkinfo
khelpcenter (click "Browse Info Pages")
emacs
info.vim (Vim plugin)
vinfo (Vim help-files fashioned reading)
GNOME Yelp
See also
Manual page (Unix)
List of Unix commands
References
Unix software
Online help
Command-line software
Al Ajouzine Mosque (arabic: جامع العجوزين) is one of the old mosques of the medina of Sfax.
Location
The mosque is located in the southern part of the medieval city, just in front of Bab Diwan, the biggest and oldest entrance of the medina. Also, it can e reached by the Grand mosque's street. It is very close to Sidi Abdelmoula Mosque.
History and etymology
According to the local popular stories, El Ajouzine mosque is basically the result of the joining of two old houses belonging to two old women of the city. Living alone without families to take care of, they decided to donate their two adjacent houses to combine and make a mosque, which explains the name of the mosque, literally meaning "the two old women" in Arabic.
As early as 1922, the mosque evolved from a simple prayer room to a mosque hosting Friday prayers (Al Jumaa in arabic).
Like many monuments of the medina of Sfax, the mosque got hugely damaged because of the bombing attacks during the Second World War. Restoration work to safeguard the monument was carried out by the municipality of Sfax in 1963.
Description
The building has a unique architecture. It consists of two halls, to the east and west. And this structure supports the popular story of merging two adjacent houses with patio. Its minaret is composed of three levels with a square base. It is very similar to the Great mosque's minaret from which it got inspired.
References
Ajouzine
Association football is the world's most popular sport, and is worth US$600 billion worldwide. By the end of the 20th century it was played by over 250 million players in over 200 countries. Around the world, the sport is played at a professional level by professional footballers, and millions of people regularly go to football stadiums to follow their favourite football teams, while billions more watch the sport on television or on the internet. Football has the highest global television audience in sport. The sport had amateur origins and evolved into the modern professional competition.
History
Association football was first codified in 1863, with the formation of the Football Association (FA) in England. At this time the sport was played mainly by public schools, or teams with public school roots, and amateurism was the norm. This remained the case until the 1880s, when working-class teams began to vie for supremacy. Blackburn Olympic, a team composed mainly of factory workers, won the 1883 FA Cup Final. They were the first working-class team to win the competition since its inception in 1870. Though professionalism was not permitted, Olympic arranged jobs for their players, and supplemented their income with additional payments, a common occurrence among Lancashire clubs.
The issue of professionalism arose in 1880 when a dispute began between the FA and Bolton Wanderers (founded in 1874), who had unofficially offered professional terms to Scottish players. Scottish players who played in England professionally were known as the Scotch Professors. The subject remained a heated one through the 1880s, directly or indirectly involving many other clubs besides Bolton. Their neighbours, Blackburn Rovers (founded in 1875) and Darwen (founded in 1870) had also signed Scottish players on a 'shamateur' basis using side jobs, either real or fabricated, to facilitate payment. The FA espoused the ideal of amateurism promoted by the likes of Corinthian F.C. from whom the phrase “Corinthian Spirit” came into being.
The differences between the amateur idealists from southern England and the increasingly professionalised teams from northern industrial towns came to a head in 1884. After Preston North End won an FA Cup match against Upton Park, the Londoners protested, seeking the result to be overturned due to the presence of paid players in the Preston ranks. This sparked a series of events which threatened to split the FA. Preston withdrew from the competition, and fellow Lancashire clubs Burnley and Great Lever followed suit. The protest gathered momentum to the point where more than 30 clubs, predominantly from the north, announced that they would set up a rival British Football Association if the FA did not permit professionalism. 18 months later the FA relented, and in July 1885 professionalism was formally legalised in England.
Though English clubs employed professionals, the Scottish Football Association continued to forbid the practice, withdrawing their clubs from the FA Cup in protest against the development, temporarily in 1885 then permanently in 1887. Consequently, many Scottish players migrated southward (although it also meant they were forbidden from playing for the Scotland national team). At first the FA put residential restrictions in place to prevent this trend, but these were abandoned by 1889. In the inaugural season of the Football League (1888–89), champions Preston North End fielded ten Scottish professionals.
One of the teams to benefit from the move of Scottish players to England was Sunderland, located close to the border. The club went professional in 1885, and the club recruited a number of Scotsmen the same year, their first internationally capped players. Founder James Allan left Sunderland in 1888 because of his dislike for the "professionalism" that had been creeping into the club, and subsequently formed Sunderland Albion. The wealthy mine owner Samuel Tyzack funded the professional advancement of the club, often pretending to be a priest while scouting for players in Scotland, as Sunderland's recruitment policy enraged many Scottish fans who supported the amateur ethos. In fact, the entire Sunderland lineup in the 1895 World Championship was made up of Scottish players. On 5 April 1890, the Football League's founder, William McGregor, labelled Sunderland as "the team of all talents" stating that they had "a talented man in every position".
Preston North End, the first English team to win the Championship and Cup "double" in 1889, did so with a majority of their team being made up of Scottish players. In the first season, they went undefeated both in the league and the FA Cup, which led to them being known as "the invincibles."
The Scottish Football League launched on an amateur basis in 1890 but the nation's most famous club and founders of both the passing and international game, Queen's Park, initially refused to participate as they predicted that professionalism would follow. This suspicion proved correct, with bans issued to clubs for making payments or playing against others who had, and clear indicators that the likes of newly-formed Celtic's accumulation of some of the best talent in the country involved unofficial financial incentives. Faced with this, the Scottish FA lifted its ban on professionalism in 1893, whereupon 560 players were registered as professionals; however, despite the distinction of status between the home players and the England-based players having been removed, it was another three years before the SFA allowed 'Anglos' to play for the national team, prompted by poor results in the British Home Championship. Queen's Park remained outside the league until 1900, and remained committed to the amateur principles even after entering into competition with professional clubs. They never claimed another major trophy, but remained an amateur club until January 2020.
In the Soviet Union and the Communist bloc, athletes were presented as amateurs, even if they were de facto professional. Football clubs were no exception, and they were mostly linked to trade unions or government offices, with players being written down as workers of those particular industries. With the collapse of the Soviet Union, clubs and players officially gained professional status.
Timeline by country
This table details the year in which professionalism was introduced, country by country.
See also Professional sports#Association football
See also
List of most expensive association football transfers
References
Works cited
External links
The Rise of the Professional Footballer
Professionalism
Professionalism
Professional team sports
McNair is an area in east central Harris County, Texas, United States, which originated as an African-American community. Much of it is unincorporated; portions are within Baytown.
Education
Goose Creek Independent School District operates public schools and Lee College provides higher education opportunities for residents in the area. Lee College McNair Career Center at I-10 provides a state-of-the-art cosmetology facility for students and patrons. In the future, it plans to expand in 2011 to provide pipefitting, welding and heavy-equipment training. If all goes well, Harris County Public Library will then partner with Lee College to build a new McNair branch library on the same career center parcel.
Goose Creek Memorial is the new high school for McNair residents. Highlands Junior High is the feeder junior school and Harlem Elementary is the feeder elementary school.
The 400-person capacity J.D. Walker Community Center has been a stepping stone for the McNair community since first opening in 1978. This facility houses a basketball court, tennis courts, computer lab, and the East Harris County Youth Program, which helps educate and mold the youth of McNair and surrounding communities. A Head Start program is housed next to the facility.
References
External links
about J.D. Walker Community Center
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
William S. Rukeyser (born 1939) is an American journalist who was the founding managing editor of Money magazine and managing editor of Fortune.
Biography
From its founding in 1998 until 2009 Rukeyser was editorial director of Corporate Board Member magazine, aimed at the directors of public companies. He also has appeared on television as a financial commentator on CNN Financial News and ABC.
He is the son of the late financial journalist Merryle S. Rukeyser and the younger brother of the late financial journalist and commentator Louis Rukeyser of Wall Street Week fame.
Rukeyser attended Princeton University, graduating with an A.B. degree in 1961. He also studied English literature as a graduate student at Christ's College, Cambridge University.
After four years as a Wall Street Journal reporter in Europe, he started work at Time Inc. in 1967 as an associate editor of Fortune. In 1968, he signed the "Writers and Editors War Tax Protest" pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War. When Money was founded in 1972 he became its managing editor, and continued in that position for eight years before returning to Fortune as its managing editor. In 1988 he left Time Inc., to become editor-in-chief for Whittle Communications in Knoxville, Tennessee. In 1998 he became editorial director of the new magazine Corporate Board Member, aimed at the directors of public companies. He continued in that role until 2009. He continues to devote his time to freelance editing and editorial consulting on projects such as The Partnership: The Making of Goldman Sachs by Charles D. Ellis (Penguin Press, 2008).
Rukeyser and his wife, Elisabeth, are residents of Knoxville, Tennessee, where he is chairman of University Health System Inc. and past chairman of the Knoxville Jazz Orchestra. He is also a director of the Overseas Press Club Foundation and a member of the advisory board of the Princeton University Press Club.
References
American finance and investment writers
American male journalists
American business and financial journalists
American tax resisters
Living people
1939 births
Writers from New Rochelle, New York
Fortune (magazine) people
Journalists from New York (state)
Activists from New Rochelle, New York
Managing editors
New Rochelle High School alumni
Client Liaison is the self-titled debut extended play (EP) by Australian indie pop duo Client Liaison, released independently on 5 September 2014.
Client Liaison promoted the EP with a national tour throughout August and September.
The first and only single from the EP, "Queen" was released on 12 August 2014.
Reviews
Nico Callaghan of Tiny Mix Tapes gave the album 3 1/2 out of 5 saying; "Stylistically speaking, the songs on this debut EP move between new-wave, synth pop, and house. 'End of the Earth,' the opening track and the band's earliest single dating back three years, is their most overt piece referencing Australian tropes. Following track 'Feed the Rhythm' deals primarily in piano-house, with the echoes of Australiana rendered subtler beneath ravey vocal samples, saxophone solos, and a thumping bass that evokes the period of their fascination with equal magnitude, despite the different focus. It's worth pointing out that, while the majority of this EP is more like the latter, the referential nature of Client Liaison's music is just as brash and in your face."
Stephanie Tell of The Music gave the album 3 1/2 out of 5 saying; "Opening gem "End of the Earth"'s bright, '80s-revived synth-pop is decked out with tribal, junkyard percussion. In contrast, follow-up "Feed the Rhythm" is a '90s-inspired club anthem, funky sax solo included. With dramatic keys, whooshing beats and soulful female BVs, the song is both a drunken crowd-pleaser and feelgood gym jam. The Melbourne duo don't exactly revitalise the disco-infused, electro-pop genre, but they do filter the best parts of past beats to create sharp'n'shiny retro nostalgia."
Joe Hansen of Beat Magazine gave the EP a positive review, saying: "With previous singles "End of the Earth" and "Feeling" connecting the EP with four brand-new tracks, the release is a product of slick professionalism, focus, and an intensely accurate and conscious understanding of the style they have embraced. Vocalist Monte Morgan channels equal parts Prince and Debbie Gibson, with the utmost conviction and dedication to delivering his message. Producer and instrumentalist Harvey Miller provides synth-driven backdrop to the band's atmosphere of confidence and determination."
Michael Lean from the AU Review said: "Client Liaison are unabashedly retro. Everything about them from the old school mobile phone pasted across their EP cover, their music clips filmed almost purely on self-repaired, discontinued analogue video cameras. Down to the outfits the duo drape themselves in onboard. When their songs are removed from context though they lose impact. They are well constructed and expertly executed but fail to offer anything that hasn't come before them, which may be the point after all."
Track listing
"End of the Earth" – 4:49
"Feed the Rhythm" – 4:40
"Queen" – 4:49
"Groove the Physical" – 3:41
"Feeling" – 4:28
"Pretty Lovers" – 4:03
Credits
All tracks written and produced by Harvey Miller AO, Monte Morgan (aka Client Liaison)
Illustration – Peter Deering
Photography – Kate Ballis
Charts
Release history
References
External links
2014 debut EPs
Client Liaison EPs
Dot Dash Recordings albums
Man About Town is a 2006 comedy-drama film produced by Sunlight Productions and independently presented by Media 8 Entertainment. It was written and directed by Mike Binder and stars Ben Affleck, Rebecca Romijn, John Cleese, Bai Ling, and Jerry O'Connell in the Los Angeles area where the film was set.
In the United States, it was released direct-to-DVD on February 13, 2007; however, the film was theatrically released in many countries around the world.
Plot
Top Hollywood talent agent Jack Giamoro (Ben Affleck) seems to have it all: a successful career, a lot of money, a nice car, a beautiful wife, etc. However, while pursuing success, he somehow lost himself and neglected his marriage. He decides to take a journal writing class to do some self-searching. Jack's seemingly perfect world starts to unravel when he learns that his wife, Nina (Rebecca Romijn), is cheating on him with his most important client. Things get worse when Barbi (Bai Ling), an ambitious journalist, steals Jack's journal, which contains secrets that could ruin him personally and professionally. Jack is forced to fight for everything he has worked so hard to achieve and in doing so, he attains the self-insight he was looking for. By realizing that there is more to life than work, he begins to focus on what's most important in his life.
Cast
Soundtrack
"Basic Instinct" – written by Jerry Goldsmith
"Cucurrucucu Paloma" – written by Tomás Méndez; arranged and performed by Fredo Viola
"I Got It" – written by John Krautner and Robert Harlow; performed by The Go
"Our Lips Are Sealed" – written by Terrence Edward Hall and Jane Wiedlin; arranged and performed by Fredo Viola
"Red States" – written and performed by Fredo Viola
"The Sad Song" – written and performed by Fredo Viola
Home media
Lionsgate Entertainment distributed the film on DVD in the US. The DVD included the bonus features "Visual Journaling", "Talk to My Agent", deleted scenes, and bloopers. It contained a 16×9 widescreen version, 5.1 and 2.0 Dolby Digital audio, English and Spanish subtitles, and English closed captions.
External links
AMC Filmcritic
Yahoo! Movies
2006 films
2006 comedy-drama films
2006 independent films
2000s English-language films
Adultery in films
American comedy-drama films
American independent films
Films directed by Mike Binder
Films scored by Larry Groupé
Films shot in Vancouver
Lionsgate films
Sunlight Productions films
2000s American films
Schurz Communications is a South Bend, Indiana-based broadband media group and cloud services provider.
History
The company was founded in 1872 by Alfred B. Miller and Elmer Crockett with the creation of the South Bend Tribune. Over the years the company grew through the acquisition of other newspapers, media outlets, radio and television stations, digital companies, broadband operations and cloud services provider. The expanding company was renamed Schurz Communications Inc. in 1976, when the newspapers division and the TV/broadcast division were split into separate entities.
In September 2015, Schurz announced it was selling its TV and radio stations to Gray Television. Gray then resold Schurz's radio stations to three different buyers upon completion of its purchase of the Schurz broadcasting unit.
In September 2016, The American News and Farm Forum, owned by Schurz, acquired The Public Opinion newspaper in Watertown, South Dakota from United Communications.
In February 2018, the company acquired the Ann Arbor, Michigan-based Online Tech. The compliant hybrid cloud provider serves nearly 500 clients across the Midwest with its network of seven data centers and full suite of hybrid cloud services. In December of that year, Online Tech acquired the assets and products of IT provider Neverfail. The acquisition includes Neverfail's five cloud nodes and assets in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific.
In January 2019, Schurz sold its publishing division and all its newspapers to GateHouse Media for $30 million. This included 20 regional papers and several special publications in Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Pennsylvania and South Dakota. GateHouse later bought the Gannett newspaper chain, and the expanded network of newspapers adopted the Gannett name.
In March 2019 Schurz Communications bought the city-owned local broadband company Burlington Telecom of Burlington, Vermont for a total of $30.8 million.
Current properties
Broadband systems
Antietam Broadband - Hagerstown, Maryland
Burlington Telecom - Burlington, Vermont
Hiawatha Broadband - Winona, Minnesota
Long Lines Broadband - Sergeant Bluff, Iowa
Orbitel Communications - Maricopa, Arizona
Cloud Managed Services
Otava - Ann Arbor, Michigan [1]
Former properties
Newspapers
Imperial Valley Press - El Centro, California
Times Mail - Bedford, Indiana
Southside Times - Beech Grove, Indiana
The Herald-Times - Bloomington, Indiana
The Hoosier Topics - Cloverdale, Indiana
Fishers Weekly - Fishers, Indiana
Reporter-Times - Martinsville, Indiana
Mooresville-Decatur Times - Mooresville, Indiana
Noblesville Daily Times - Noblesville, Indiana
South Bend Tribune - South Bend, Indiana (flagship)
Evening World - Spencer, Indiana
The Advocate-Messenger - Danville, Kentucky
The Jessamine Journal - Nicholasville, Kentucky
The Interior Journal - Stanford, Kentucky
The Winchester Sun - Winchester, Kentucky
The Herald-Mail - Hagerstown, Maryland
Charlevoix Courier - Charlevoix, Michigan
Gaylord Herald Times - Gaylord, Michigan
Petoskey News-Review - Petoskey, Michigan
Daily American - Somerset, Pennsylvania
The American News - Aberdeen, South Dakota
The Public Opinion - Watertown, South Dakota
Radio
Notes:
1 Owned by Douglas Road Radio, Schurz held a minority interest in this company.
Television
(**) – Indicates that it was built and signed on by Schurz.
Notes:
1 Owned by Schurz, WAGT was operated by Media General under a shared services agreement, with WJBF.
2 Owned by Entravision Communications, Schurz operated KDCU under a shared services agreement, with KWCH and KSCW.
3 From February–May 2017, KGHZ used virtual channel 15, while K15CZ-D (later KYCW-LD, now KSPR-LD) switched to virtual channel 33.
4 Owned by Schurz, KGHZ was operated Gray Television operated KGHZ under a shared services agreement. From 2007 to 2016, KGHZ (as KSPR) was owned by Perkin Media, LLC. Schurz operated the station under a joint sales agreement.
See also
Schurz Communications, Incorporated v. Federal Communications Commission and United States of America
References
External links
Companies based in St. Joseph County, Indiana
South Bend, Indiana
Mass media companies of the United States
Gray Television
Atatürk Cultural Center is a building complex for cultural events in Mersin, Turkey. Its full name is "Yenişehir Municipaty Atatürk Cultural Center" (). Yenişehir is a central municipality in Mersin. Together with Mersin Halkevi and Mersin Congress and Exhibition Center this complex is used for the cultural activities in Mersin.
Geography
The building at is on the 13th boulevard which runs parallel to the Mediterranean Sea coast. The municipality building is about to the south east of the complex.
History
In 2012, the Yenişehir mayor İbrahim Genç gave the approximate construction period as 1.5 years. The center was opened in October 2014.
The building
The total area of the complex is including 300-car-capacity parking lot. The building base area is and the total area of the building (including upper floors) is . There are three halls; a 1500-sitting-capacity big hall, a 500-sitting-capacity ballet hall and a 500-sitting-capacity conference center. The big hall is equipped with an orchestra pit and a ceiling tower. There are also smaller halls of 25-150 sitting capacity as well as various facilities such as restaurants, dressing rooms etc.
References
Buildings and structures in Mersin
Culture in Mersin
Yenişehir, Mersin
Architecture of Turkey
The men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 10 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Steeplechase at the African Championships in Athletics
Vatasseri Damodara Nambudiri was an astronomer-mathematician of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics who flourished during the fifteenth century CE. He was a son of Paramesvara (1360–1425) who developed the drigganita system of astronomical computations. The family home of Paramesvara was Vatasseri (sometimes called Vatasreni) in the village of Alathiyur, Tirur in Kerala.
Damodara was a teacher of Nilakantha Somayaji. As a teacher he initiated Nilakantha into the science of astronomy and taught him the basic principles in mathematical computations.
References
Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics
15th-century Indian mathematicians
People from Malappuram district
Scientists from Kerala
15th-century Indian astronomers
Scholars from Kerala
Ciudad Deportiva Atlético de Madrid, officially Ciudad Wanda Deportiva Atlético de Madrid is the training ground and academy base of Spanish football club Atlético Madrid. It was officially opened on 13 September 1995.
Located in Majadahonda and covering 55,000 m² it is used since 1995 for youth and senior team trainings. It is also home to the mini Estadio Cerro del Espino, which is the home ground of Atlético Madrid B and CF Rayo Majadahonda, both playing in Segunda División B.
Facilities
Estadio Cerro del Espino with a capacity of 3,800 seats, is the home stadium of Atlético Madrid B, the reserve team of Atlético Madrid, and Rayo Majadahonda.
2 grass pitches.
2 FieldTurf artificial pitches.
A Service building with catering and other facilities.
A Gymnasium.
Future sports city
The club's future training facilities will be built in the city of Alcorcón which is located 15 km southwest of the Madrid metropolitan area. According to the preliminary design of the new sports city, the training centre will accommodate 11 regular-sized training pitches, a stadium with a capacity of 15,000 seats, a medical centre, a dressing room building and a residential building for the players. With an area of 1.4 million m², the new complex will cost about 114 million euros. The training complex will be surrounded with a sports club including a golf course, multiple tennis courts and swimming pools. The complex will accommodate a hotel and a shopping centre as well.
References
Atlético Madrid
Atlético de Madrid
Sports venues in the Community of Madrid
Sports venues completed in 1995
Kalilan (, also Romanized as Kalīlān) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Race to Urga is a musical theatre play, started in 1968 as an adaptation of the Bertolt Brecht play The Exception and the Rule, with the project soon renamed to A Pray by Blecht. The theme of Brecht's play was the exploitation of capitalism of the working class in the 1930s.
Jerome Robbins asked John Guare to write the adaptation. Leonard Bernstein was to compose the music, with Stephen Sondheim intending to write the lyrics. The musical was announced for a production at Lincoln Center for January 1969, but during cast auditions Robbins left the production and it was not produced.
The show was never completed, but in April–May 1987 a workshop production was presented at the Mitzi Newhouse Theater at Lincoln Center. Direction and choreography were by Jerome Robbins.
There is no known recording of this show, although there was a demonstration recording done in 1968.
Synopsis
Song list (Workshop)
Prologue Marches
Intro / In Seven Days Flat
You're In Hann
The Secret
The Suspicion Song
Coolie's Dilemma (lyrics by Jerry Leiber)
Doors to Urga
Get Your Ass In There
Coolie's Prayer
Number One
The Zorba's Dance
References
External links
Article, A Pray by Blecht, sondheim.com
sondheimguide.com listing
1986 musicals
Musicals based on plays
Musicals by Leonard Bernstein
Kalanchoe pumila, the flower dust plant, is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family Crassulaceae, native to Madagascar. Growing to tall and wide, it is a spreading, dwarf succulent subshrub with arching stems of frosted leaves, and clusters of purple-veined pink flowers in spring. As the minimum temperature for cultivation is , in temperate regions it is grown under glass as a houseplant.
The Latin specific epithet pumila means dwarf or low-growing.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References
pumila
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
Dowlatkhaneh (, also Romanized as Dowlatkhāneh, Dowlat Khāneh and Daulat Khāneh) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 237, in 59 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
This is a list of Beowulf characters. Beowulf is an Old English heroic epic poem. Its creation dates to between the 8th and the 11th centuries, the only surviving manuscript dating to circa 1010. At 3183 lines, it is notable for its length. It has reached national epic status in England (although its setting is Scandinavia, not the British Isles). There are a great many characters in Beowulf ranging from historical people such as Hygelac to purely mythological dragons.
Characters
Ælfhere - a kinsman of Wiglaf and Beowulf
Æschere - Hroðgar's closest counselor and comrade, killed by Grendel's Mother.
Banstan - the father of Breca.
Beow or Beowulf - an early Danish king and the son of Scyld, but not the same character as the hero of the poem.
Beowulf - son of Ecgtheow, and the eponymous hero of the Anglo-Saxon poem.
Breca - Beowulf's childhood friend who competed with him in a swimming match.
Cain - biblical character described as an ancestor of Grendel who is infamous for killing his brother Abel, the first murder. Killing your kin was the greatest sin in Anglo-Saxon culture.
Dæghrefn - a Frankish warrior killed by Beowulf.
The Dragon - beast (Old English, wyrm) that ravages Beowulf's kingdom and which Beowulf must slay at the end of the poem. It is the cause of Beowulf's death.
Eadgils - a Swedish king also mentioned extensively in the Norse sagas.
Eanmund - a Swedish prince, and the brother of Eadgils.
Ecglaf - Unferð's father.
Ecgþeow - Beowulf's father who belonged to the Swedish Wægmunding clan. He joined the Geats after having been banished for killing the Wulfing Heaðolaf, and married a Geatish princess.
Ecgwela - an earlier Danish king.
Elan - possibly an incomplete name for Hroðgar's sister, see Yrsa, below.
Eofor - the "boar". A Geatish warrior who avenged the death of Hæþcyn by slaying Ongenþeow during the Swedish-Geatish wars. He was recompensed with the daughter of king Hygelac.
Eomær - son of king Offa of Angel
Eormenric - a semi-legendary Gothic king of the 3rd and 4th centuries, mentioned by Roman historians.
Finn, a Frisian lord whose tale picks up where the Finnsburg Fragment ends.
Fitela - a Germanic hero
Folcwalda - the father of Finn
Freawaru - the daughter of King Hroðgar and Queen Wealhþeow and wife of Ingeld, king of the Heaðobards.
Froda king of the Heaðobard's and father of Ingeld. He also appears in Norse tradition.
Garmund - the father of Offa of Angel
Grendel - one of three antagonists (along with Grendel's Mother and the dragon).
Grendel's mother - one of three antagonists (along with Grendel and the dragon). Sometimes referred to as Hag.
Guðlaf - a warrior in Hnæf's retinue.
Healfdene - Hroðgar's father and predecessor, also prominent in Norse tradition.
Hama - a Germanic hero
Halga - Hroðgar's brother. He is hardly mentioned in Beowulf but he is a prominent character in Norse tradition.
Hæþcyn - the son of the Geatish king Hreðel.
Hæreð - the father of Hygd, queen of the Geats.
Heaðolaf - Wulfing killed by Beowulf's father Ecgþeow.
Heardred - the son of Hygelac, king of the Geats, and his queen Hygd.
Heming - a kinsman of Garmund
Hengest - a Danish lord who attacked the Frisians to avenge Hnæf
Heorogar - Hroðgar's brother and predecessor.
Heoroweard - Heorogar's son; Hroðgar's nephew. According to Norse tradition, his attempt to become king would cause the end of the Scylding clan.
Herebeald - the son of the Geatish king Hreðel. Beowulf was his nephew. Herebeald was killed with an arrow by his brother Hæþcyn in a hunting accident, which caused their father Hreðel to die from grief. His story may correspond to the myth of Baldr's death in Norse mythology.
Heremod - an early Danish king.
Hereric - a relative of Heardred
Hildeburh - the daughter of the Danish king Hoc and the wife of the Finn - king of the Frisians.
Hnæf - the son of the Danish lord Hoc and brother of Hildeburh. He was killed by Finn.
Hoc - a Danish lord and the father of Hildeburh and Hnæf.
Hondscio - a Geatish warrior. He is killed and devoured by Grendel, right before Beowulf fights and defeats the monster.
Hreðel - king of the Geats.
Hreðric and Hroðmund, the two sons of Hroðgar.
Hroðgar - king of the Danes; married to Wealhþeow. Also prominent in Norse tradition.
Hroðulf (also known as Hrólfr Kraki), Hroðgar's nephew, but more prominent in Norse tradition.
Hun - a Frisian warrior who gives Hengest the sword Lafing.
Hygd - queen of the Geats; the wife of King Hygelac.
Hygelac - king of the Geats; the husband of Hygd. Existence attested by other sources. Death during the poem dated to c 516.
Ingeld - a Heaðobard lord; married to Freawaru, daughter of Hroðgar. He also appears in Norse tradition.
Merewing - a Frankish king.
Modþryð - a princess, later queen, who punished inferiors who looked her directly in the eye; later marries, and is reformed by, Offa of Angel.
Offa of Angel, a king of the Angles who also appears in Norse tradition.
Ohthere - king of the Swedish house of Scylfings, and also mentioned in Norse tradition. The father of Eadgils and Eanmund, and the brother of Onela.
Onela - king of the Swedish house of Scylfings, and also mentioned in Norse tradition. The brother of Ohthere.
Ongenþeow - king of Sweden. Slew the Geatish king Hæþcyn, but was himself killed by Eofor, during the Swedish-Geatish wars.
Oslaf - a warrior in Hnæf's retinue.
Scyld - (Scyld Scēfing) warrior king who founded the ruling house in Denmark.
Sigemund - a legendary Germanic hero whom Beowulf is compared to.
Swerting - the grandfather of Hygelac
Unferð - a thegn of the Danish lord Hroðgar.
Wæls - the father of Sigemund
Wayland Smith - a smith of Germanic legend who forged Beowulf's breastplate.
Wealhþeow - queen of the Danes; married to Hroðgar.
Weohstan - the father of Wiglaf and a Swedish warrior fighting for Onela. He also appears to be mentioned in a stanza in the Prose Edda.
Wiglaf - Beowulf's relative. A Swedish warrior of the Waegmunding clan who helps Beowulf slay the dragon.
Wondred - the father of Eofor and Wulf.
Wulf - the brother of Eofor
Wulfgar - (wolf + spear) the herald of Hroðgar, renowned for his great wisdom.
Yrmenlaf - younger brother of Æschere.
Yrs(e) - a character borrowed from Norse tradition that appears in some translations (e.g., Burton Raffel) and commentaries, as an emendation of a corrupt line (62) where Hroðgar's sister is mentioned. His sister is, however, named Signy in Norse tradition (Skjöldunga saga and Hrólfr Kraki's saga), whereas Yrsa was Halga's daughter and lover with whom he had Hroðulf.
Tribes and clans
Brondings - the people of Breca.
Danes - a tribe having their centre on the island of Zealand.
Geats - a tribe whose centre was in modern Västergötland.
Finns - Balto-Finnic peoples inhabiting Finland and Estonia.
Franks - a powerful Germanic tribe on the Continent.
Frisians - a tribe led by Finn living along the eastern shores of the North Sea.
Gifðas - the Gepids, a tribe which had migrated to the Balkans by the time of Beowulf. They are mentioned in connection with Swedes and Danes, and it has been suggested that Beowulf refers to the people of Östergötland.
Heathobards, or Heaðo-beardnas, a clan or tribe at war with the Danes.
Helmings - the people of queen Wealhþeow. Widsith mentions Helm as the leader of the Wulfings.
Hetware - a tribe part of the Franks, or allied with them.
Hugas - a name for the Franks or for a group of their allies.
Heaðoræmas - a tribe named Heaðoreamas appears in Widsith, and -reamas agrees with ON Raumar which positions the tribe in what is today south-eastern Norway.
Ingwins - a name used for the Danes and which means "friends of Ing (Freyr)".
Jutes (Eotenas) a tribe living in modern Jutland, and who took part in the migration to England.
Merewioingas, i.e. Merovingians - the ruling Frankish dynasty, by metonymy used to refer to the Frankish nation as a whole.
Sceadugenga - Shadow-Walkers
Scylding - the ruling clan in Denmark, by metonymy also used to refer to the Danish nation as a whole.
Scylfing - the ruling clan in Sweden, by metonymy also used to refer to the Swedish nation as a whole.
Swedes - a tribe who had their centre in modern Uppland.
Wægmundings - a Swedish clan to which belonged Beowulf, Ecgþeow and Wiglaf. Wiglaf is called "the last of the Wægmundings".
Wendlas - the people of Vendsyssel, the northernmost part of Jutland.
Wulfing - the clan of Heaðolaf and possibly Wealhþeow. Old Norse sources describe them as the lords of Östergötland.
Notes
Sources
Modern English translation by John Lesslie Hall
Old English edition edited by James Albert Harrison and Robert Sharp
Nerman, Birger (1925). "Det svenska rikets uppkomst".
Ståhl, Harry (1976), Ortnamn och ortnamnsforskning, Uppsala: Almquist & Wiksell,
English heroic legends
Beowulf, characters
Jocko is a dispersed rural community and unincorporated place in geographic Osborne Township in the Unorganized North Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. It was created during the construction of the Ontario Northland Railway in the early 20th century. Jocko is located on the railway line between the railway point of Osborne to the north and the dispersed rural community of Tomiko to the south.
Jocko is at the upstream (south) end of Jocko Lake, the source of the Jocko River.
References
Communities in Nipissing District
The clarinet d'amore or clarinet d'amour is a musical instrument, a member of the clarinet family.
Construction and tone
In comparison with the B and A soprano clarinets, the clarinet d'amore has a similar shape and construction, but is generally larger, usually pitched in G. The clarinet d'amore has proportionally smaller tone holes and a proportionally smaller bore compared to the soprano clarinet, generally around the same size as the bore and tone holes found on the soprano clarinet itself. The instrument also has a pear-shaped or globular bell (called Liebesfuss) similar to that of the cor anglais; these features give the instrument its distinctive timbre. Due to their large size, they also feature a curved metal neck to bring the instrument to a more comfortable playing position, though instruments with curved wooden necks exist. Fingerings are generally the same as other members of the clarinet family, however modern examples often have an extension, like the basset horn, allowing them to play an additional 4 semitones.
In addition to the larger sizes, clarinet d'amore have also been constructed in C, B and A, however these do not appear to fill the same musical role as the larger instruments. It has been suggested that these smaller instruments may have been made for aesthetic reasons rather than to serve a musical role.
History
The clarinet d'amore first appeared in southern Germany around 1740, predating the more widely known basset horn by several decades. It has been conjectured that the basset horn, which at the time shared the features of low pitch and a small bore, was developed from the clarinet d'amore. Early instruments featured only 3 or 4 keys, though later instruments from the 19th century, such as an example by Wilhelm Heckel GmbH, have as many as 14 keys. At least 69 extant clarinet d'amour from the 18th and 19th century have survived to the modern era, suggesting the instrument did experience some popularity. By the mid 19th century the instrument was considered obsolete, however Heckel would continue to offer them until the early 20th century.
Modern developments
Recently efforts have been made to resurrect the clarinet d'amore in both period correct and modern forms. Modern developments include a recording project led by Vlad Weverbergh of music by Henri-Joseph de Croes for historical clarinets d'amore (available from Etcetera Records) and the development of an extended modern clarinet d'amore in G (with a written range to low C3, sounding G2) by Richard Haynes, and Schwenk & Seggelke.
Works for the instrument
Works for or including clarinet/clarinette/clarinetto d'amore/d'amour/dolce or "in G" include:
Johann Christian Bach – Temistocles: Act Three – "Ah si resta" (1772) incl. 3 clarinets d'amore in D (although thought most likely to be basset horns in D)
Anonymous – Concertante in G Major for two clarinets d'amore and ensemble
Henri Joseph de Croes — Partita (1788) for two clarinets in G, two violas and violone (recorded on clarinets d'amore by Terra Nova Collective)
Johann Simon Mayr — Qui sedes, for soprano, tenor & clarinetto dolce or corno bassetto
Johann Simon Mayr — Gloria patri, for soprano, horn & clarinetto dolce
Henrik Strindberg — Music for Clarinet d'Amore and Strings (2018)
James Gardner — Carica d'amore (2020)
Richard Haynes — Shorelines (2020)
Samuel Andreyev — A Line Alone (2020)
Chris Dench — ghosts of motion (2020)
Walter Feldmann — ...süsses Unheil... (2020)
Matthias Renaud — Schattenlinie (2020)
Jonah Haven — huso huso (2020)
Sean Quinn — incubation (2020)
Martin Gaughan — Sonatina (Hushed in the Twilight) (2020/21)
See also
Flute d'amore
Oboe d'amore
Viola d'amore
Notes
References
Sources
F. Geoffrey Rendall. The Clarinet. 2nd ed. London: Ernest Benn, 1957.
Albert R. Rice From the Clarinet d'Amour to the Contra Bass: A History of Large Size Clarinets Oxford University Press, 2009.
External links
Brief Introduction To The Modern Clarinet D'Amore
Clarinets
Xerath were an English heavy metal band from Basingstoke, Hampshire. Formed in 2007, the band gained international recognition after the release of their debut album I (One) via Candlelight Records in 2009, a record label they stuck with throughout their existence.
Containing elements of progressive, death, thrash and symphonic metal, Xerath's music is characterized by the mix of polyrhythmic guitar riffing and drumming, with orchestral and symphonic elements. Xerath cited their influences as Strapping Young Lad, Dimmu Borgir, and Opeth as well as film score composition and an eclectic mix of other bands and genres.
After nearly a decade of touring and three album releases (named sequentially I, II and III), the group disbanded in early 2017.
History
Formation of band
Xerath was the brainchild of its first guitarist, Andy Phillips, who formed the band in 2007 with drummer Michael Pitman, bassist Owain Williams and Richard Thomson as an experiment to combine film score style composition and classical music with technical heavy metal. The idea was to try and take advantage of a direction that metal music had failed to exploit, with the rare exceptions of bands like Dimmu Borgir.
In that first year, Xerath won the Terrorizer Magazine the best unsigned band competition based on reader votes, which led to, in early 2008, signing their first record deal with Candlelight Records, a record label they remained with for their entire history.
Success
Xerath released their debut CD entitled I (One) in May 2009, this was followed by their first notable live performance at Bloodstock Open Air festival. They went on to become regulars at the festival, playing there in 2011, 2013 and 2015.
By the time their second album, II (Two), was released on 3 May 2011, Owain Williams was the lead-guitarist and the band was a well established success, they were touring China and India, and were often seen at Europe's music festivals such as Euroblast.
Their third and final album III (Three), with new lead-guitarist Conor McGouran, was released in September 2014.
Demise
Xerath's lead guitarist position changed twice in their history. Andy Phillips, the band's principle founder and first lead-guitarist was replaced by former bassist Owain Williams, who was in turn replaced by guitarist Conor McGouran in 2013. The average of one lead guitarist per album released did not dampen the success of the band, but in 2016 both the bassist and drummer changed and splits in the direction that Xerath needed to go started to appear. Richard Thomson was the band's only remaining founding member when they announced their disbandment on 1 February 2017 via an announcement on their Facebook page. Their final recording, Regret, was released online along with the announcement. Their planned fourth album was never completed, officially announced nor named, but it was often mentioned and referred to as IV or IIII (four) based on their previous album names.
Two members went on to team up with Jørn Lande, ZP Theart and others in the band Pentakill, whose second album (prefixed with a Xerath-like II) topped the iTunes metal chart shortly thereafter.
Band members
Final lineup
Richard Thomson – vocals
Conor McGouran – guitar
Steve Woodcock – bass
Ben Wanders – drums
Previous members
Andy Phillips – guitars
Owain Williams – guitars and bass
Christopher Clark – bass
Michael Pitman – drums
Discography
Studio albums
All three of Xerath's albums were released by Candlelight Records.
I (2009)
II (2011)
III (2014)
References
External links
Xerath Myspace page
Tower Studio's official site
Candlelight Records
Xerath last fm page
Rain Song Design
English progressive metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2007
Musical groups disestablished in 2017
The Take Me Home Tour was the second headlining concert tour by English-Irish boy band One Direction, in support of their second studio album, Take Me Home (2012). The tour began on 23 February 2013 in London, England, and concluded on 3 November 2013 in Chiba, Japan. It was announced by member Liam Payne at the BRIT Awards in early 2012, originally billed as the UK & Ireland Arena Tour. In mid-2012, the tour expanded to include North America and Australia following the band's international breakthrough. The tour was documented in the film One Direction: This Is Us directed by Morgan Spurlock.
The Take Me Home Tour was commercially successful, with many sold-out shows and overwhelming demand for tickets, prompting organisers to add more dates to the itinerary. In the UK and Ireland, ticket sales reached 300,000 within a day of release, which included a six sell-out dates at the O2 Arena in London. In Australia and New Zealand, ticket sales grossed US$15.7 million, with all 190,000 tickets sold for eighteen shows held in Australia and New Zealand. The tour placed at number 10 on Pollstars Year-End Top 20 Worldwide Tours list, grossing $114 million from the 123 shows.
Background
On 21 February 2012, One Direction attended the 2012 BRIT Awards at which they received the Best British Single award for their debut single "What Makes You Beautiful". During One Direction's acceptance speech, member Liam Payne stated that they would embark on their first arena concert tour. Reports soon followed that the tour would consist of fifteen dates across the UK and Ireland. One Direction's official website confirmed the dates, with tickets to be made available on 25 February.
On 11 January 2013, the group announced the North American leg as a part of a '2013 World Tour'. The North American leg was set to begin a 25-city run in Sunrise, Florida, on 13 June 2013 and to stop in Toronto, Chicago, Denver, Montreal and Las Vegas before wrapping up in Los Angeles on 7 August. Tickets for the North American leg of the concert series went on sale 21 April 2012, at Ticketmaster.com and LiveNation.com. Group member Niall Horan said in a statement released to MTV News, "Our fans are simply the best in the world. The support they have shown us has been incredible and we're all so grateful to each and every one of them. We can't wait to see everyone this summer, at Madison Square Garden and of course when we play our world tour in 2013."
On 18 April 2012, the Australian leg was announced. The leg was set to begin in Brisbane on 13 September 2013 and visit Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide before heading west to Perth. The tour then returned to the east coast for five additional shows before travelling to New Zealand for three shows. Tickets for the Australasian leg went on sale on 28 April 2012, except for the Perth dates, which went on sale on 28 June.
In June 2012, continental European dates were reported to be in the process of being added and were confirmed on 29 October 2012. The continental European dates compromises of shows in France, Norway, Sweden, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Portugal and Denmark in April and May 2013. Tickets went on sale between 2 and 5 November 2012, depending on the venue.
Commercial reception
Having initially announced 15 shows across the UK and Ireland, the group added extra shows around the UK and Ireland due to high demand, which included matinée performances at various dates. One Direction announced the extra shows on their Twitter page throughout the morning after the initial dates went on sale. British ticket sales reached 300,000 within a day of release. The original dates sold out within minutes—with 1,000 tickets selling per minute, with two or three extra dates having been added at each city. Notable dates that sold out include six dates at The O2 Arena in London, while four dates at The O2 in Dublin also sold out within an hour—as did four Belfast Odyssey Arena dates. In North America, the group added additional shows due to "overwhelming demand". The tickets for the added shows went on sale in May 2012. In Australia and New Zealand, tickets also ignited commercial success pulling sales of US$15.7million, with all 190,000 tickets being sold for eighteen shows to be held in Australia and New Zealand from September 2013. Tickets for the Perth shows, which went on sale later than the rest of Australia, sold out in six minutes.
In May 2012, as One Direction added more dates to their 2013 World Tour, Andy Greene, associate editor of Rolling Stone magazine, declared that the boy band are "being worked like dogs". The Daily Star Sunday revealed that many of their shows planned for 2013 had sold out and that they were adding an extra 25 performances in 20 US cities, some of which priced at more than £200 for one ticket. The article additionally noted that "One Direction could eclipse the big tour megabucks earned by rock giants U2 and The Rolling Stones". Greene ultimately declared: "I've never known a band announce a second summer tour before a first summer tour is over. It's insane – they're working them like dogs and printing money right now".
In July 2013, the tour ranked 12th on Pollstars "Top 100 Mid Year Worldwide Tours", earning $49.6 million from 68 shows. The tour ranked 10th Pollstars Year-End Top 20 Worldwide Tours list, grossing $114 million.
On 29 October 2013, it was announced that the band had sold a record-breaking 81,542 tickets at Sydney's Allphones Arena. The previous record was held by Metallica with 74,244. The executives of the arena unveiled the first entertainer's "Star" in the Sydney Olympic Park precinct to commemorate the achievement.
Opening acts
Camryn (Europe)
5 Seconds of Summer (Ireland, United Kingdom, North America, Australia, New Zealand)
Olly Murs (Japan)
Setlist
This set list is representative of the show on 24 February 2013 in London. It is not representative of all concerts for the duration of the tour.
"Up All Night"
"I Would"
"Heart Attack"
"More than This"
"Loved You First"
"One Thing"
"C"mon, C"mon"
"Change My Mind"
"One Way or Another (Teenage Kicks)"
"Last First Kiss"
"Moments"
"Back For You"
"Summer Love"
"Over Again"
"Little Things"
"Teenage Dirtbag" (Wheatus cover)
"Rock Me"
"She's Not Afraid"
"Kiss You"
Encore
"Live While We're Young"
"What Makes You Beautiful"
Tour dates
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
Matinee and evening concerts
The score data is representative of the seven shows at Rod Laver Arena on 2–3, 16-17, 28–30 October respectively.
The score data is representative of the four shows at Dublin 3Arena on 3,5, 12-13 March respectively.
The score data is representative of the four shows at Motorpoint Arena Sheffield on 19 March, 13-14 April respectively.
Notes
1.Data from study is collected from all worldwide concerts held between 1 January and 30 June 2013. All monetary figures are based in U.S. dollars. All information is based upon extensive research conducted by Pollstar.
References
External links
Official website
2013 concert tours
One Direction concert tours
High Fashion (Spanish: Alta costura) is a 1954 Spanish drama film directed by Luis Marquina and starring Laura Valenzuela, Margarita Lozano and María Martín.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Gil Parrondo and Luis Pérez Espinosa. Also cap has a High Fashion sense.
Plot
Early Spanish crime film, with fashion shows in the background, in which the camera delights in the protagonists, with a slight erotic touch.
Cast
References
Bibliography
De España, Rafael. Directory of Spanish and Portuguese film-makers and films. Greenwood Press, 1994.
External links
1954 films
1954 drama films
Spanish drama films
1950s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Luis Marquina
Cifesa films
Spanish black-and-white films
1950s Spanish films
Two human polls comprised the 1981 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
Arizona State, SMU, and Miami (FL) (after a November 3, 1981 ruling) were on probation by the NCAA during the 1981 season; they were therefore ineligible to receive votes in the Coaches' Poll.
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Walter Clutterbuck Buckle (1886–1955) was an English-born political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Tisdale in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1925 to 1934 as a Conservative.
He was born in Gloucester and was educated at Sir Sir Thomas Rich's School and Brentford College. In 1905, Buckle came to Canada, and around 1910, settled near Tisdale, where he established a farm implement business. He served as mayor of Tisdale from 1921 to 1925. Buckle served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Agriculture. He was defeated when he ran for re-election to the provincial assembly in 1934. Buckle retired from business in 1946 and moved to Victoria, British Columbia. He died there in 1955.
References
Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan MLAs
1886 births
1955 deaths
Mayors of places in Saskatchewan
Members of the Executive Council of Saskatchewan
English emigrants to Canada
People from Gloucester
Pilote () was a French comic magazine published from 1959 to 1989. Showcasing most of the major French or Belgian comics talents of its day the magazine introduced major series such as Astérix, Barbe-Rouge, Blueberry, Achille Talon, and Valérian et Laureline. Major comics writers like René Goscinny, Jean-Michel Charlier, Greg, Pierre Christin and Jacques Lob were featured in the magazine, as were artists such as Jijé, Morris, Albert Uderzo, Jean (Mœbius) Giraud, Enki Bilal, Jean-Claude Mézières, Jacques Tardi, Philippe Druillet, Marcel Gotlib, Alexis, and Annie Goetzinger.
Pilote also published several international talents such as Hugo Pratt, Frank Bellamy and Robert Crumb.
History
Following the publication of a teaser issue number 0 on June 1, Pilote made its debut proper on 29 October 1959. The magazine was started by experienced comics writers Goscinny and Charlier, and artists Albert Uderzo and Jean Hébrard. Previously this team had worked together on several other projects, creating Le Supplément Illustré, a cartoon supplement for stuff like newspapers, and providing cartoons for Radio-Télé, a magazine published by Radio-Luxembourg. Pilote was marketed by Radio-Luxembourg, and featured editorials written by popular radio personalities of the day. The 300,000 copies of the first issue sold out in one day.
Unlike Belgian competitive magazines, such as Tintin and Spirou, the magazine was, already from the beginning, more directly aimed at an adolescent audience.
Charlier and Goscinny handled most of the initial writing. Although Charlier came up with two popular series, Tanguy et Laverdure with Albert Uderzo and Barbe-Rouge (Redbeard) with Victor Hubinon, it was Goscinny and Uderzo's Astérix le Gaulois which was the biggest hit and the magazine's initial mainstay.
Difficulties
Financial problems arose in 1960, but were resolved when the magazine was bought out by Dargaud publishers. Dargaud expanded the magazine with several new series, including Charlier and Giraud's Blueberry and Greg's Achille Tallon in 1963. In 1967 the popular science-fiction series Valérian et Laureline debuted and in 1968 the popular Western comedy Lucky Luke (by Morris) was transferred to Pilote from Spirou magazine. Other notable appearances included series from the British comics magazine Eagle such as Fraser l'Africain (Fraser of Africa) and Winston Churchill by Frank Bellamy.
Attempts were made in the 1970s to update the magazine with material of more interest to adults, but many artists like Druillet and Giraud felt Pilote was no longer the appropriate vehicle for their aspirations and left to found new magazines such as Métal Hurlant (the French original that inspired Heavy Metal). Partly as a result, Dargaud reduced Pilote's publication schedule from weekly to monthly in 1974, and René Goscinny was replaced as editor-in-chief. At this time, a new generation of artists also started publishing in Pilote, namely Caza, Lauzier, and F'Murr. Their comics reflected the new, more adult direction.
Sales initially improved but a steady erosion took place through the 1980s as interest in the medium declined. Pilote was merged with the comics magazine Charlie Mensuel in 1986 and continued as Pilote et Charlie until 1988, when the name was changed back to Pilote. However, declining sales prompted Dargaud to suspend publication after what became the final issue on 1 October 1989.
After 1989, there has been no regular publications of the magazine, although the name has been used for occasional oversized specials.
Main authors and series
Alexis: Timoléon et Stanislas (1969–1973), Al Crane (1976–1977)
Philippe Bertrand: Linda aime l'art (1983–1989)
Enki Bilal: Légendes d'Aujourd'hui (1976–1982), La foire aux immortels (1980)
Michel Blanc-Dumont: Jonathan Cartland (1974–1988)
Claire Bretécher: Cellulite (1969–1977)
Cabu: Grand Duduche (1963–1982)
Caza: Scènes de la vie de banlieue (1975–1979)
Jean Chakir: Séraphin contre Angelure (1962–1970)
Jean-Michel Charlier: Blueberry (1963–1973), Barbe-Rouge (1959–1969), Tanguy et Laverdure (1959–1970)
Pierre Christin: Valérian and Laureline (1967–1985), Légendes d'Aujourd'hui (1976–1982)
Delinx: Buck Gallo (1963–1969)
Philippe Druillet: Lone Sloane (1970–1974)
F'Murr: Le Génie des alpages (1973–1989)
Fred: Philémon (1965–1986)
Jean Giraud: Blueberry (1963–1973)
Christian Godard: Norbert et Kari (1963–1970), Vagabond des limbes (1978–1987)
René Goscinny: Asterix (1959–1973), Lucky Luke (1967–1973), Iznogoud (1968–1977), Petit Nicolas (1959–1965)
Marcel Gotlib: Dingodossiers (1965–1967), Rubrique-à-Brac (1968–1973)
Greg: Achille Talon (1963–1981)
Laurence Harlé: Jonathan Cartland (1974–1988)
Victor Hubinon: Barbe-Rouge (1959–1969)
Jijé: Tanguy et Laverdure (1966–1970)
Claude Lacroix: Homme au chapeau mou (1977–1983)
Lauzier: Tranche de Vie (1970–1978), Al Crane (1976–1977)
Jacques Lob: Submerman (1967–1970)
Nikita Mandryka: Concombre masqué (1971–1981), Clopinettes (1970–1973)
Martial: Tony Laflamme (1963–1971)
Jean-Claude Mézières: Valérian and Laureline (1967–1985)
Morris: Lucky Luke (1967–1973)
Antonio Hernandez Palacios: Mac Coy (1974–1989)
Julio Ribera: Vagabond des limbes (1978–1987), Dracurella (1973–1982)
Sempé: Petit Nicolas (1959–1965)
Jean Tabary: Iznogoud (1968–1977), Valentin le vagabond (1962–1974)
François Thomas: Stan Caïman (1982–1989)
Albert Uderzo: Asterix (1959–1973), Tanguy et Laverdure (1959–1967)
Circulation
References
Pilote publications by year BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
La mémoire de Pilote issue descriptions on BDoubliées
1959 establishments in France
1989 disestablishments in France
Defunct magazines published in France
Comics magazines published in France
French-language magazines
1959 comics debuts
1989 comics endings
Magazines established in 1959
Magazines disestablished in 1989
Lars Schwander (born 15 December 1957) is a Danish photographer and gallerist. As a photographer he is most known for his portraits of international artists. In 1996 he founded Fotografisk Center in Copenhagen, an exhibition space for art photography.
Biography
Lars Schwander (www.larsschwander.com) was born in 1957. In the 1980s he was the co-editor of the magazine Sidegaden before founding his own magazine Copyright.
Photography
Schwander has portrayed many international artists in his photography, including Björk, Leonard Cohen, Annie Leibovitz, Peter Greenaway, Roger Ballen, Günther Förg, Martin Kippenberger, Duane Michals, Helmut Newton, Yoko Ono, Cindy Sherman and Lawrence Weiner.
His artistic work is represented in international collections such as those of Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris, the Musée de la photographie in Belgium, the Royal Danish Library in Copenhagen, the Brandts Museum of Photographic Art, Louis Vuitton Foundation in Paris, the Lenono Photo Archive in New York and the extensive German Olbricht Collection in Essen.
Other photography-related activities
In 1996 Schwander established the Fotografisk Center at Gammel Strand in Copenhagen and in 2008 he opened a second photography gallery, annexone.org in Amaliegade. He has also written a number of books and catalogues on photography and photographers, including a biography of Viggo Rivad, as well as a reviewer of photography books and exhibitions for national daily Politiken.
Schwander has also curated exhibitions for the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art. and sits on boards and committees of the Danish art world as well as on the jury in the Fogtdal Photographers Award.
Bibliography
Viggo Rivad - Mellem lys og skygge (2000). Gyldendal.
Portraits of Artists / Portraits d'Artistes / Kunstnerportrætter (2001). Forlaget Rhodos, International Science and Art publishers.
See also
Photography in Denmark
References
Danish photographers
20th-century Danish photographers
21st-century Danish photographers
1957 births
Living people
The Ice Follies of 1939 is a 1939 American musical drama film directed by Reinhold Schünzel, and starring Joan Crawford, James Stewart, Lew Ayres and Lewis Stone.
Using a show business backdrop, and featuring The International Ice Follies, Crawford plays Mary, an actress, who marries an ice skater and encounters career and relationship issues.
Plot
Larry Hall (James Stewart) and Eddie Burgess (Lew Ayres) have a successful skating act until Larry falls in love with Mary McKay (Joan Crawford), an inept skater whom Larry insists upon including in the act. Fired from job after job because of Mary's ineptitude, Larry keeps up his spirits by dreaming of producing a colossal ice show. Following their latest dismissal, the couple elope, and Mary, feeling guilty for damaging her husband's career, convinces Douglas Tolliver, Jr. (Lewis Stone), the head of Monarch Studios, to offer her a movie contract.
While reading the fine print of the contract, Mary discovers that she is forbidden to marry without the studio's permission, and Larry convinces her to keep their marriage a secret. Meanwhile, Eddie is disappointed with how distracted Larry has become and leaves town. After his wife's first picture catapults her to stardom, Larry finds himself relegated to the position of househusband and leaves for New York in hopes of producing his ice extravaganza.
In New York, Larry is reunited with Eddie in the office of producer Mort Hodges, who raises the money to make Larry's dream a reality. Larry's Ice Follies becomes a smash hit, and with husband and wife now equal in stature, Mary and Larry hope to revive their marriage. When they discover that they are still separated by the demands of their careers, however, Mary publicly announces that she is forsaking her career to return to a life of domesticity. The dilemma of their conflicting careers is finally bridged when Tolliver hires Larry to produce a musical film on ice starring his wife, thus uniting their personal and professional lives.
Cast
Joan Crawford - Mary McKay/Sandra Lee
James Stewart - Larry Hall
Lew Ayres - Eddie Burgess
Lewis Stone - Douglas 'Doug' Tolliver Jr.
Lionel Stander - Mort Hodges
Charles D. Brown - Mr. Barney
Bess Ehrhardt - Kitty Sherman
The International Ice Follies:
Roy Shipstad - Himself (Ice Follies Skater)
Eddie Shipstad - Himself (Ice Follies Skater)
Oscar Johnson - Himself (Ice Follies Skater)
Production
Although there was little of the Joan Crawford's actual skating in The Ice Follies of 1939, MGM sent out press releases to announce that she was rigorously training to sing in the film. (Crawford had already sung on-screen in a few early musicals like The Hollywood Revue of 1929 and Montana Moon.) The releases even suggested that Crawford was so impressive that after performing her six songs in this film, she was considering making her debut at the Metropolitan Opera. When the film premiered, however, her songs had been reduced to two, both of which were dubbed by a professional singer. Crawford would later claim that her vocals had been cut under orders from Jeanette MacDonald, who was afraid of being supplanted as MGM's resident singing star.
Reception
A critic in the New York Herald Tribune wrote, "Since some kind of story was needed to lead up to the film debut of "The International Ice Follies," and top-flight players to give it the necessary publicity gloss, Joan Crawford, James Stewart, and Lew Ayres were given the unenviable job of trying to make it digestible. Their acting is smart and likable; their material is not....Miss Crawford should avoid this type of film in the future, when she has to buck poor material, a group of specialists and Metro's own lavishness."
Frank Nugent in The New York Times commented, "Far be it from us to rap one of Mr. Rapf's more glittering productions; what we mildly object to is the fact that the glitter does not extend to the dialogue, the incidents, the characters (for whom "fictitious" is an understatement) or the story, which is the one about the matrimonial clashing of two careers."
Box office
According to MGM records the film earned $725,000 in the US and Canada and $448,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $343,000.
In popular culture
In the 1981 film Mommie Dearest, Ice Follies of 1939 is the film Crawford is preparing to film in the opening sequences.
References
External links
Australian daybill long poster
1939 films
1930s musical drama films
American musical drama films
American black-and-white films
Figure skating films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films directed by Reinhold Schünzel
Films produced by Harry Rapf
1939 drama films
Films with screenplays by Florence Ryerson
Films set in New York City
Films with screenplays by Edgar Allan Woolf
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Nivå is a town with a population of 7,997 (1 January 2022) in the municipality of Fredensborg on the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in Denmark. Nivå is a residential town on the coast of the Øresund. It has a stop on the Copenhagen – Helsingør Kystbanen rail line.
The town is the site for Nivaagaard museum, a marina and a desolated shopping center by the railway station, which includes only a library and a Netto supermarket. The town possesses two schools; Nivå Skole Syd (formerly known as Nivå Centralskole) and Nivå Skole Nord (formerly known as Niverødgaardskolen), whilst a golf course lies to the West. Its landscape is varied and ranges from marshland to suburban habitations. 20% or more of the inhabitants have a foreign background mostly muslims with middle eastern origin.
History
For several hundreds of years (until 1980), the town and the surrounding areas and villages, lay ground to three brickyards. Today, the landscape are marked with former clay pits, which now serves as lakes and a marina bassin.
The oldest known ring oven in the world (1870) has been preserved. It used to be a part of the oldest brickyard, Nivaagaard Brickyard (in Danishg: Nivaagaard Teglværk). The brickyard is regularly open for visits each summer.
Music
Nivå Musiklaug holds an annual festival at the Kalvehaven: many talented young musicians play. One of the performers playing at the 2006 event was Danish singer-songwriter Tobias Trier.
Nivaagaards Malerisamling
Nivaagaards Malerisamling was opened by Johannes Hage in 1908. The house is situated in an extensive park featuring many different varieties of rhododendron.
The museum houses art from the Italian and North European renaissance, Dutch and Danish Baroque, Danish Golden Age, as well as special exhibitions.
Notable people
Alfred Hage (1803–1872) a Danish merchant, politician, landowner and philanthropist; in 1859 he purchased Nivaagaard and several other farms at Nivå
Hans-Georg Tersling (1857 in Karlebo near Nivå – 1920) a Danish architect who lived and worked on the French Riviera
Marie Hammer (1907–2002) a Danish zoologist and entomologist, brought up on a farm in Nivå
Lars Knutzon (born 1941) a Danish actor in the TV-series Borgen
Lotte Bundsgaard (born 1973 in Nivå) a Danish schoolteacher, journalist and politician
Anders Heinrichsen (born 1980 in Nivå) a Danish actor
Cecilie Wellemberg (born 1994) a Danish model and Miss Universe Denmark 2015, lives in Nivå.
External links
Nivaagaards Museum
Galleri Fensmark - Quality art on the internet
Fredensborg Kommune
Nivaagaard Ringovns Teglværksmuseum
Nivå Golf
Nivå Centralskole
References
Cities and towns in the Capital Region of Denmark
Fredensborg Municipality
Cylichnella is a genus of sea snails or bubble snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cylichnidae, the "chalice bubble snails".
Species
Cylichnella agulhasensis (Thiele, 1925)
Cylichnella bidentata (d'Orbigny, 1841)
Cylichnella defuncta F. Baker & Hanna, 1927
† Cylichnella duqmensis Harzhauser, 2007
Cylichnella gonzagensis (F. Baker & Hanna, 1927)
Cylichnella goslineri Valdés & Camacho-Garcia, 2004
Cylichnella oryza (Totten, 1835)
Cylichnella takekosugei Thach, 2020
Taxa inquirenda
Cylichnella meridionalis (E.A. Smith, 1902)
Cylichnella minuscula (W. H. Turton, 1932)
Species brought into synonymy
Subgenus Cylichnella (Bullinella) Newton, 1891: synonym of Cylichna Lovén, 1846
Cylichnella (Bullinella) diegensis Dall, 1919: synonym of Cylichna diegensis (Dall, 1919) (basionym)
Subgenus Cylichnella (Cylichnium) Dall, 1908: synonym of Cylichnium Dall, 1908 (original rank)
Cylichnella bistriata Tomlin, 1920: synonym of Cylichna bistriata (Tomlin, 1920) (original combination)
Cylichnella diegensis Dall, 1919: synonym of Cylichna diegensis (Dall, 1919) (original combination)
Cylichnella nitens (E. A. Smith, 1872): synonym of Cylichna nitens E. A. Smith, 1872
Cylichnella rolleri (Ev. Marcus, 1977): synonym of Acteocina culcitella (Gould, 1853)
† Cylichnella soror Suter, 1917: synonym of † Retusa soror (Suter, 1917) (original combination)
References
External links
Neave, Sheffield Airey. (1939-1996). Nomenclator Zoologicus vol. 1-10 Online
Cylichnidae
Highway of Heroes may refer to one of the following roads:
Canada
British Columbia
British Columbia Highway 1 between Surrey and Abbotsford, part of the Trans Canada Highway
New Brunswick
New Brunswick Route 2, part of the Trans Canada Highway
Northwest Territories
Northwest Territories Highway 1, from the Alberta/Northwest Territories border to Enterprise, Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia Highway 111, also known as the Circumferential Highway ("The Circ")
Ontario
Ontario Highway 401 between Toronto and Trenton.
Prince Edward Island
Prince Edward Island Route 1
Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Highway 1 between Moose Jaw and Regina, part of the Trans Canada Highway
References
Fabio Padovan (born 11 September 1955, in Conegliano) is an Italian entrepreneur and politician.
In the early 1990s Padovan joined Liga Veneta–Lega Nord and was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in the 1992 general election. In early 1994, when Lega Nord entered in alliance with Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia, he left in protest the party. Some months later, Padovan founded, along with other Venetist entrepreneurs, the European Federalist Free Entrepreneurs (LIFE), an organization defending the little and medium-sized industries in Veneto.
In 2000 Padovan launched a new Venetist and independentist party called Fronte Marco Polo. In the 2000 regional election the party gained 1.2% in Veneto and no seats. Since then, Padovan was briefly a member of Liga Fronte Veneto and, then, became very close to the Venetian National Party and, finally, Veneto State.
References
1955 births
Living people
People from Conegliano
Lega Nord politicians
Venetist politicians
Deputies of Legislature XI of Italy
Politicians of Veneto
Venetian independence activists
COL2 can refer to:
Orangeville/Laurel Aerodrome
Type-II collagen
Vito Rallo (born 30 May 1953) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church, who works in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. He has been the Apostolic Nuncio to Morocco since 2015.
Biography
Vito Rallo was born in Mazara del Vallo, Trapani, on 30 May 1953. He was ordained a priest of the Diocese of Mazara del Vallo on 1 April 1979. He olds a degree in civil and canon law.
In 1986 he entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy and he joined the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 20 February 1988. His postings took him to Senegal, Mexico, Canada, Lebanon, and Spain.
On 27 January 2004, Pope John Paul II appointed him special envoy and permanent observer of the Holy See to the Council of Europe in Strasbourg, a position he held until 2007.
On 12 June 2007, Pope Benedict XVI appointed him apostolic nuncio to Burkina Faso and Niger and titular archbishop of Alba. On 20 October he received his episcopal consecration in Mazara del Vallo from Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone. He ended his work in those positions in January 2015 "for unexplained health reasons".
On 12 December 2015, Pope Francis appointed him apostolic nuncio to Morocco.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Vito Rallo
Living people
1953 births
People from Trapani
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Apostolic Nuncios to Burkina Faso
Apostolic Nuncios to Niger
Apostolic Nuncios to Morocco
Permanent Observers of the Holy See to the Council of Europe
Ataxia alpha is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak and Noguera in 1993. It is known from Mexico.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1993
Charles de Vilmorin is a French designer. He graduated from the École de la Chambre Syndicale de la Parisienne. In April 2020, at the age of 23, he launched his eponymous label on Instagram during the COVID-19 pandemic, and quickly attracted the attention of other designers. His designs are seen as abstract, mixing a lot of different techniques. He was nominated for both the LVMH Prize and ANDAM. For LVMH, he is one of the nine finalists for the 2021.
Education
De la Chambre Syndicale de la Courture Parisienne
French Institute of Fashion
Early life & origin
Charles de Vilmorin was inspired by his family heritage of botanists, evident in his patterns and depictions of flowers, and aspires to follow the foot steps of his parents and grandparents. It is also worth mentioning that he is the great nephew of French novelist, poet and journalist Louise de Vilmorin.
Career
In April 2020, Charles de Vilmorin launched his first collection at just 23 years old. He was struggling to find an internship at first, and simultaneously a mysterious buyer purchased all of his creations, which allowed him to fund his first collection.
Shortly after, he was named creative director of Rochas.
His fall collection contained quilted jackets, with features of experimentation with body paint and neon makeup.
His original designs are distinct by their vibrant nature, hand-painted artwork, and puffy silhouettes.
Exhibition & Collections
Haute Couture SS 2021
Spring Summer 2022 Show
Accomplishment
Nominated LVMH Prize
Nominated ANDAM
References
External links
Designers
French designers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Arriflex 765 is a 65 mm movie camera created by Arri in 1989.
History
The camera was conceptualized by Otto Blaschek, who had already engineered the Arriflex 35BL and the 35 III, for which he won the "Scientific and Engineering Award" of the Academy of Motion Pictures. The development of this camera started in 1983. The goal was to design a 65mm movie camera, which was quiet enough to fit sync sound productions and had a similar ergonomy to 35mm cameras, to answer the growing demand for 65mm cameras. Other 65mm cameras had noise production of up to 50dBA, which made sound recording impossible.
The final Arri 765 uses four crystal sync motors, two in the body and two in the magazine, due to the wider and thus heavier film stock. This way it achieves less than 25 dBA at 24fps.
The Arri 765 was used for special effects shots on Alien 3 and certain scenes of Far and Away (both 1992). Films shot on the Arri 765 include Shutter Island (2010), Gravity (2013) and The Hateful Eight (2015).
Technical data
The Arri 765 is a 65 mm camera with a 5-perforation pull down mechanism. The mirror reflex shutter is manually adjustable between 180° and 15° and has a diameter of 200 mm. The camera can record between 2 and 100 fps, the motors can run both in forward and reverse mode. Its power is 24V, and multiple accessories can be powered through the camera, like Arriglow and Video Assist. The camera takes both 500 ft and 1000 ft magazines. Due to its compact build, it is adaptable to most 35 mm filmmaking workflows.
The camera with a loaded 500 ft magazine weighs 70 lbs (32 kg).
References
External links
(technical specs)
Interview With Otto Blaschek - The Making of ARRI 765 (interview with ARRI engineer Otto BLaschke)
Movie cameras
Audiovisual introductions in 1989
Paul Lapic (born 23 October 1976) is an Australian retired soccer player who is last known to have played as a goalkeeper for NK Zagreb.
Career
Lapic started his career with Australian lower league side Adelaide Raiders and was voted the best goalkeeper at the 1993 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
After failing to make an appearance for Hajduk, one of Croatia's most successful clubs, he was sent on loan to RNK Split in the Croatian second division, before returning to Australia with Adelaide City.
In 1998, Lapic signed for Croatian top flight team NK Zagreb.
References
External links
Paul Lapic at OzFootball
Australian soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Living people
1976 births
Australian people of Croatian descent
NK Zagreb players
Australia youth international soccer players
Adelaide Raiders SC players
Croatian Football League players
Adelaide City FC players
NK Junak Sinj players
HNK Hajduk Split players
First Football League (Croatia) players
The Lekedi River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
Lower Three Fathom Harbour is a rural fishing community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Khoshnaw is the name of a Kurdish tribe mainly located north of Erbil city in Kurdistan Region in Iraq. The tribe has about 15,000 members.
References
Kurdish tribes
Steven Paul Baker (born 22 May 1980) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 1999 to 2011.
AFL career
Baker was drafted in the 1998 AFL Draft at pick 27 in a second round pick to the St Kilda Football Club.
Baker played in St Kilda's 2004 Wizard Home Loans Cup winning side – St Kilda's second pre-season cup win.
In 2005, he tied with Luke Ball in St Kilda's best and fairest award, the Trevor Barker Award. Previous to this his best ranking was third in 2004. On 28 May 2005, Baker and teammate Fraser Gehrig played their 100th and 200th AFL games respectively.
Baker played in St Kilda's 2008 NAB Cup winning side.
Baker played in 21 of 22 matches in the 2009 season's home and away rounds in which St Kilda qualified in first position for the finals series, winning the club's third minor premiership.
St Kilda qualified for the 2009 grand final after qualifying and preliminary finals wins. Baker played in the 2009 AFL Grand Final in which St Kilda were defeated by 12 points.
The athletic Baker has caused some controversy during his career, playing as a tagger (run with) player rather than a set position player. He used a variety of tactics to prevent his opponent from getting the ball including standing on their feet and repeated hits to their arm.
Baker was selected in St Kilda's two grand final matches against Collingwood in 2010.
As of the end of the 2010 season, Baker had played in 11 AFL finals matches including three grand finals.
Following St Kilda's elimination final defeat on 10 September 2011, St Kilda announced that Baker's playing career with the club was finished. Initially the club said that Baker was retiring but, after this was denied by Baker, the club later issued a reworded statement regarding Baker and several other players.
Tribunal
Baker was regarded as one of the most efficient taggers in the league, but often stretched the rules, leading to a very high number of tribunal appearances and suspensions. He was suspended for a total of 28 matches during his AFL career.
Jeff Farmer incident
On 18 August 2007, Baker was linked to an incident behind play, in the third quarter of a match against Fremantle at Telstra Dome. Fremantle forward Jeff Farmer was assisted from the playing area at Telstra Dome, with blood coming from his nose and suffering concussion. The incident was not witnessed by umpires or captured on film, but on the basis of evidence from a Fremantle trainer, Baker was charged with rough conduct and referred to the AFL Tribunal.
On 21 August 2007 it was announced that Baker had been found guilty and suspended for seven matches, which was at the time the longest suspension for a single incident since the tribunal system was changed to a points-based system. The penalty was made so severe due to a 40% points loading due to Baker's record of four games suspended in the previous three years, and controversial 127.5 carry-over points; Baker had been suspended for two separate incidents in Round 6 against Carlton, but a loophole (closed immediately thereafter) allowed him to serve a shorter suspension and carry-over more than 100 points.
In an interview in 2012 Baker described the off-camera incident, stated that he "stopped and propped" in an attempt to stop Farmer's run, threw his head back and headbutted Farmer, intending to do so but not expecting to "get him that good".
Steve Johnson incident
On 28 June 2010, after St Kilda's Round 13 game against Geelong, Baker was charged four times for separate incidents – three for striking and one for misconduct (specifically, making unreasonable and unnecessary contact with an injured player) – against Geelong's Steve Johnson after the pair clashed several times during the first half when Baker was tagging Johnson; Johnson was himself also charged twice for striking Baker. Baker became the first person to be reported for misconduct towards an injured player. After accepting early pleas for the three striking offences, and having the misconduct charge upheld by the tribunal, Baker was suspended for a total nine matches. This is the longest suspension given from a single match (but not for a single incident) under the points-based tribunal system.
Temporary de-registration
While playing for the Sorrento Football Club in the Mornington Peninsula Nepean Football League in 2013, Baker was suspended for six weeks for unduly rough conduct against an opponent in a pre-season match. The sanction took Baker's total career suspensions beyond the threshold to be automatically deregistered from playing football for life, ending his playing career at all levels. Baker successfully appealed the six-week suspension, enabling him to continue playing.
References
External links
A question and answer session with Steven Baker
St Kilda Football Club players
1980 births
Living people
Trevor Barker Award winners
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Geelong Falcons players
Sandringham Football Club players
The 1999 Australian Touring Car season was the 40th year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
Two major touring car categories raced in Australia during 1999, V8 Supercar and Super Touring. Between them there were 25 touring car race meetings held during 1999; a thirteen-round series for V8 Supercars, the 1999 Shell Championship Series (SCS), two of them endurance races; an eight-round series for Super Touring, the 1999 Australian Super Touring Championship (ASTC); support programme events at the 1999 Australian Grand Prix and 1999 Honda Indy 300 and two stand-alone long distance races, nicknamed 'enduros'.
Results and Standings
Race Calendar
The 1999 Australian touring car season consisted of 25 events.
Hot Wheels V8 Supercar Showdown
This meeting was a support event of the 1999 Australian Grand Prix.
Shell Championship Series
Australian Super Touring Championship
Bob Jane T-Marts V8 300
Bob Jane T-Marts 500
V8 Supercar Challenge
This meeting was a support event of the 1999 Honda Indy 300.
References
Additional references can be found in linked event/series reports.
External links
Official V8 Supercar site
1999 Racing Results Archive
Touring Cars
Supercar seasons
Martin J. Heines (born 1962) is the former mayor of Tyler, Texas. First elected in May 2014, he won re-election in 2016 and 2018, serving three terms as mayor. Heines succeeded three term Mayor Barbra Bass, to become mayor in 2014. He was succeeded in 2020 by Don Warren. Heines is a small business owner as well as a property manager and investor. He holds a bachelor's of arts degree in business administration from the University of Texas at Austin.
Personal life
Martin J. Heines was born in 1962 in Tyler, Texas. He is married to his wife Michelle, and they have 2 children. They attend the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception. In 1985, Heines graduated from University of Texas at Austin with a BBA.
Political career
Heines served on the Tyler City Council District 4 for 2 terms between 2010 and 2014, and was succeeded by Don Warren. While serving on the council, he was a member of the Council Audit Committee and the Council Building/Economic Development Committee. He also served as mayor protempore. Heines was sworn in as the mayor of Tyler in May 2014 succeeding Barbara Bass. Heines is the previous chairman of the Smith County Democratic Party.
Heines, who was term limited, was succeeded by Don Warren on November 11, 2020.
While Heines was the former chairman of the Smith County Democratic Party, he has made numerous donations to candidates for the Republican Party. His donations include to Mitt Romney, Jason Wright, and Rick Perry. However, he has also donated to Democratic presidential candidate Wesley Clark. Heines earlier donations were to Democratic candidates, but his newer ones are to Republicans.
References
1962 births
Living people
Mayors of places in Texas
People from Tyler, Texas
Texas Democrats
University of Texas at Austin alumni
Madagascar competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, United States.
Results by event
Athletics
Men's 400 metres
Arsene Randriamahazoman
Heat — 48.86 (→ did not advance)
Men's Marathon
Jules Randrianarivelo — 2:43:05 (→ 72nd place)
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1984 Summer Olympics
1984
Olympics
The presidential transition of Rodrigo Duterte started when then-Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte won the Philippine presidential election on May 9, 2016. Duterte topped the official count by the Congress of the Philippines on May 27, 2016, with 16,601,997 votes, 6.6 million more than his closest rival. The joint bicameral Congress proclaimed Duterte as the President-elect and Leni Robredo as the Vice President-elect on May 30, 2016.
At the time the presidential transition team was organized, Duterte was leading by a significant margin at the unofficial count by the Commission on Elections (COMELEC) and the Parish Pastoral Council for Responsible Voting (PPCRV).
The transition lasted until the day of the President-elect's inauguration on June 30, 2016.
Transition
Duterte's transition committee
On May 10, 2016, the camp of presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte announced that a transition committee had been created to handle the presidential transition of Duterte to the day of his formal inauguration as president. The committee would be composed of an overall transition committee and three sub-committees, namely a selection committee, a policy group committee and an inauguration committee. The transition team was finalized the next day and held their first meeting at the Marco Polo Hotel in Davao City.
On May 13, 2016, a transition team divided into six clusters was announced as commencing the process of selecting potential cabinet members. Duterte's spokesman, Peter Laviña, said that the division would hasten the process of receiving nominations of and suggestions for potential members of the Cabinet as well as sub-Cabinet positions and heads for the various agencies. Laviña stated that the criteria for selection include shared vision, integrity, competence, and ability and willingness to sacrifice. Christopher Go, another member of the transition team, quoted Duterte that the criteria for selection for the heads of the Armed Forces of the Philippines and the Philippine National Police will be based on merits, on seniority, and on loyalty to the government and the country.
More women are being planned for Duterte's cabinet. Duterte had appointed numerous women to leadership posts when he was mayor of Davao City.
Aquino's presidential committee
On May 12, 2016, the administration of President Benigno Aquino III has also created their own committee for the presidential transition of Rodrigo Duterte. The Presidential Transition Committee (PTC) is set to coordinate with Duterte's transition team and will be submitting reports to them. The Agency Focal Person of the transition body is Executive Secretary Paquito Ochoa, Jr.
Cabinet
Undersecretaries
Other officials
Declined
Duterte said in a press conference on May 31, that he will not appoint a Cabinet position for Vice President Leni Robredo, saying that Robredo is from the "opposite side", and the appointment of Robredo as one of the members of his cabinet could further hurt his friendship and alliance with Senator Bongbong Marcos, Robredo's closest rival in the vice presidential election.
International reactions
: On May 20, the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade released a congratulatory message saying that Australia is looking forward to work with the new Philippine government in developing the Australia–Philippines bilateral relations and "address shared regional and global challenges." The statement also said that the two countries "share similar values and interests, including a commitment to democracy, and a determination to work for peace, security and economic growth." The statement came after Duterte's controversial remarks on a rape incident on an Australian missionary during the 1989 Davao hostage crisis, which was condemned by Australian Ambassador to the Philippines Amanda Gorely and prompted Duterte to urge Australia to cut ties with the Philippines if he was elected president.
: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called Duterte and congratulated the President-elect on his victory in the elections. Duterte apologized to Trudeau over the beheading of John Ridsdel, a Canadian taken hostage by the Abu Sayyaf Group in April.
: Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Hong Lei congratulated Duterte on behalf of the Chinese government during a press briefing and expressed hope for a development in China–Philippines relations under the new administration. When asked about the two countries' relations amid the territorial disputes in the South China Sea, Hong said that China "stands ready to work alongside the new Philippine government to properly deal with relevant disputes through friendly dialogue and bring bilateral ties back to the track of sound development." On May 30, President Xi Jinping sent a congratulatory message to Duterte expressing hope that China and the Philippines can "get back on the track of healthy development" and continue to enjoy their "historical friendship".
: European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker wrote a congratulatory letter to Duterte saying that the Philippines and the European Union share a "close partnership grounded in a long history and in strong mutual interests" and expressed hope that the Philippines would support the European Union's interest in joining the East Asia Summit.
: Chancellor Angela Merkel sent a congratulatory letter to Duterte on June 1, expressing willingness to continue deepening Germany–Philippines relations, saying that the two countries' relations are characterized by friendship and trust "that includes our shared conviction that democracy, human rights, the rule of law and inclusive economic growth are indispensable for sustainable development." Merkel also expressed hope for the resolution of the Bangsamoro peace process.
: Israeli Ambassador to the Philippines Effie Ben Matityau congratulated Duterte during a speech on May 12. Matityau said that Israel is looking forward to developing their "special friendship" with the Philippines through the Duterte administration, saying that the Israel–Philippines relations is special because it started before the two countries became fully independent.
: Prime Minister Shinzo Abe through his special advisor Katsuyuki Kawai congratulated president-elect Duterte for his victory in the 2016 elections. Japan also expressed their support to the Philippine government's decision to elevate the case on the territorial dispute in the South China Sea in the International Arbital Tribunal.
: President Tony Tan and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong both wrote letters to Duterte congratulating him on his victory. In his letter, President Tan expressed confidence that Duterte would lead the economy of the Philippines into "greater heights" and extended an invitation for the president-elect to visit Singapore after he is inaugurated. Prime Minister Lee wrote to wish Duterte "good health and success in his position" and expressed interest in working with him "for the benefit of their countries, peoples and ASEAN."
: South Korean Ambassador to the Philippines Kim Jae-shin paid a visit to Duterte in Davao City on June 2 to congratulate him and discuss the expansion of the Philippines–South Korea relations, saying: "We hope under his leadership, the Philippines will continue to develop further and further. We want to expand our bilateral relations. Both countries will cooperate in a mutually beneficial way." Kim also said that the South Korean government vowed to assist Duterte in achieving his anti-crime policies by donating patrol cars and motorcycles worth $6.6 million.
: President Barack Obama was the first foreign head of state or government to greet Duterte, calling him over the phone to congratulate him over his victory in the election. Duterte and Obama reaffirmed the close relationship between the Philippines and United States.
In a press conference held in his hometown, Davao City, on May 31, 2016, President-elect Duterte answered a question regarding the slay of journalists by stating that it has been corrupt journalists who have become targets for assassination. He further stated that journalists are not exempted by assassins simply by virtue of their being journalists. He also said there was no excuse for journalists who engaged in corrupt activities and took bribes.
Duterte's statements became controversial after media groups expressed outrage towards the President-elect the following day. Killings of journalists in the past were cited, particularly those of 58 journalists killed by a political clan in Maguindanao in 2009, along with those of a recorded 176 journalists murdered since the corruption-plagued Martial Law era under Ferdinand Marcos, the total of which has marked the Philippines as one of the most dangerous countries in the world for journalists to work in. Furthermore, Duterte's controversial statement was made three days after another journalist was shot dead by two unidentified men in Manila.
As a result of the controversy and a consequent suggestion by an international journalists group to the Philippine media to boycott Duterte's press conferences, Duterte in turn stated that he will no longer grant interviews to journalists from the privately owned media organizations until the end of his term in 2022 and instead air announcements and press releases through Government-owned People's Television Network (PTV Channel 4), expressly to avoid queries that could elicit soundbite statements from him that would result in further controversy, with Duterte adding that he does not need the private media. However, this was only lasted for 2 months, after the now-President Duterte hold a press conference with journalists at the Malacañang Palace on August 1, 2016.
See also
Rodrigo Duterte presidential campaign, 2016
Inauguration of Rodrigo Duterte
Presidency of Rodrigo Duterte
Notes
References
Transition
2016 Philippine presidential election
Philippine presidential transitions
The Lovetones are an Australian psychedelic rock band. Their current lineup includes:
Matthew J. Tow (acoustic & electric guitars / vocals)
Matthew Sigley (bass / keyboards / vocals)
Liam Judson (guitar)
Robert Campanella (guitar)
Serge Luca (guitar)
Chris Cobb (drums / percussion)
History
The Lovetones released their debut album, Be What You Want, in 2002 through Bomp! Records. The album was reviewed in Creem and Rolling Stone magazines. The latter hailed Matthew J. Tow's songwriting as being worthy of comparisons to Ray Davies, Bowie, Lennon and McCartney.
After enjoying the critical success of Be What You Want, touring Australia extensively, and even supporting Morrissey during his first-ever solo Australian tour, Tow joined The Brian Jonestown Massacre in 2003. He contributed two tracks to their album, ...And This Is Our Music. Tow's opening track "Starcleaner" later also appeared on the BJM retrospective Tepid Peppermint Wonderland. In the same year, UK-based Fire Records invited The Lovetones to contribute to the James Joyce Chamber Music project alongside Mercury Rev, Sonic Youth, and REM's Peter Buck. In 2004, The Lovetones released the Stars EP, which coincided with their support of The Brian Jonestown Massacre on their tour of Australia.
The second album, Meditations, was released through New York's Tee Pee Records in late 2005. After returning from shows in the US in late 2005 and a 2006 appearance at SXSW, The Lovetones toured to support Meditations''' Australian release in May 2006. In June 2006, The Lovetones completed a European tour across 12 countries with The Brian Jonestown Massacre in support of Meditations, which was released in Europe through Tee Pee/Cargo Records and garnered an album review in the respected UK magazine Uncut.
The Lovetones recorded their third album, Axiom, during 2006, with sessions split between Figment Studios in Hollywood and the Sydney Opera House Recording Studio. It was released in June 2007 through Tee Pee Records.
Their fourth album, Dimensions'', was released 4 November 2008 in Australia through Undercover Records and 6 April 2009 in North America through Planting Seeds Records.
The Lovetones performed a reunion show in Sydney on 31 July 2015.
Discography
Studio albums
Mini-albums/EPs
Singles
"Give It All I Can" (2002), Undercover Music
"The Sound & The Fury" (2002), Undercover Music
"Be What You Want" (2003), Undercover Music
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20060409173338/http://www.myspace.com/thelovetones – The Lovetones on Myspace
https://web.archive.org/web/20060629073709/http://www.rhino.com/RZine/rhinocasts/podcastkeeper.lasso?shownum=13 – The Lovetones interview/live performance at rhino.com (Nov 2005)
http://www.adasam.plus.com/rayman/idx1.htm – Colorsound (Matthew J Tow solo project)
Australian indie rock groups
Australian psychedelic rock music groups
Pax Britannica was a period of relative peace in Europe 1815–1914.
Pax Britannica may also refer to:
Pax Britannica, the title of the middle volume of the Pax Britannica Trilogy by British author Jan Morris
Pax Britannica, the title of a 1949 book by the British writer and commentator F. A. Voigt
Pax Britannica, a novel in the series by Abaddon Books
Pax Britannica, the 1990 Album of the London industrial music group Test Dept
Pax Britannica, a 1985 board wargame by Greg Costikyan
Pax Britannica, a steampunk role-playing game by Abbott Games.
Pax Britannica, a computer real-time strategy game by No Fun Games
Eric M. Barendt is the Goodman Professor of Media Law at University College London. After graduating with a BCL and an MA degree at Oxford, Barendt was called to the Bar at Gray's Inn. He began lecturing in law as a fellow at St Catherine's College, Oxford in 1971. In 1990 he left Oxford to take up a position as Goodman Professor of Media Law at University College London, the first media law professorship in the United Kingdom. He also teaches jurisprudence at the undergraduate level. He has been a visiting professor at Sapienza University of Rome, the University of Siena, the University of Melbourne, and Panthéon-Assas University.
Writings
Freedom of Speech, 2007,
Academic Freedom and the Law: A Comparative Study, 2010,
References
British legal scholars
Academics of University College London
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Living people
Members of Gray's Inn
Fellows of St Catherine's College, Oxford
Legal scholars of the University of Oxford
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sopa Intasen is a paralympic athlete from Thailand competing mainly in category T53 sprint events.
Biography
Sopa has competed in four Paralympics winning four medals. He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in the 200m and 400m as well as winning a silver medal in the 100m and as part of the Thai 4 × 400 m relay team won a second silver and won a gold medal as part of the 4 × 400 m relay team. His future Paralympics proved unsuccessful in that in the next two games he was unable to win any further medals despite competing in a total of seven events.
References
Sopa Intasen
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Sopa Intasen
Sopa Intasen
Living people
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Sopa Intasen
Eijsden Castle (Dutch:Kasteel Eijsden) is a moated manor house with several farm buildings, a gatehouse and castle park, in Eijsden-Margraten, Limburg, Netherlands. The current castle was built in 1637 and is located next to the river Maas.
The castle is a rijksmonument. Also other parts of the terrain are separately listed, making a total of 27 rijksmonuments. It is part of the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites, established in 1990 by the Department for Conservation.
Description
The current castle was built in 1636, renovated in 1767, and restored between 1881-1886. The castle is made up out of two angled wings with at the outside corner a heavy cornertower flanked by a small stair tower. At the end of the eastwing Athere is another towerlike building containing a gate which grands access to the inner square. On top of this gate is placed the year of completion and the arms of the De Lamargelle and von Bocholtz families. The whole is surrounded by a moat. The castle is built in Mosan Renaissance-style.
Next to the castle is a gatebuilding with sidebuilding, built in 1649 when a fire destroyed the earlier buildings. They were restored between 1883-1885.
The castle park, created around 1900, is freely accessible. It was designed by French garden artist Achille Duchêne (1866-1947), replacing an earlier 18th century park. Of this original 18th century park only a small part remains on the northside of the castle, where there is also an 18th-century basement for the storage of ice. The current park has a neo-rococo pond and a group of statues containing three putti.
History and inhabitants
The castle is located on or near the location of a medieval castle, named Caestertburg or Kettelhof. During the early Middle Ages the court and fertile riverlands were owned by the prince-bishops of Liège.
First mention of the castle was in 1334 when "den hof tot Esde" was granted to Dyederic van Montjoy en Valkenburg by John III, Duke of Brabant. In 1558 Eijsden was owned by Arnold II Huyn van Amstenrade, lord of Geleen, drossaerd of Valkenburg, governor of Brabant owned Maastricht and captain-general of Limburg and the lands east of the Maas. His daughter Anna married Willem de Lamargelle, and their son, Arnold de Lamargelle, build the current castle in 1636-1637. By inheritance the castle was owned successively by the families van Hoensbroeck, de Geloes and de Liedekerke, who are the current owners of the castle.
References
Rijksmonuments in Limburg
Castles in South Limburg (Netherlands)
Eijsden-Margraten
Fred Dove (September 7, 1927 – January 5, 1990) was a NASCAR Grand National driver from Martinsville, Virginia, USA.
Career
He competed in 47 races from (1952 to 1955) with one finish in the top-five, 12 top-ten finishes, and 3919 laps of racing experience - the equivalent of . In his entire four-year career, Dove never won a race, led a lap, or started with a pole position. This driver started each race an average of 20th place and ended each race an average of 17th place. His total career earnings were $2,904 ($ when adjusted for inflation) and his best season finish was in 1953.
Dove's best finishes were at dirt tracks where he would finish an average of 15th place. His worst finishes were on road courses where his average finishers were a mediocre 48th place.
Primarily competing for himself as a driver/owner, Dove's primary vehicle would become the #71 Oldsmobile.
References
1927 births
1990 deaths
NASCAR drivers
NASCAR team owners
People from Martinsville, Virginia
Racing drivers from Virginia
Dendyae is a genus of calcareous sponges in the family Dendyidae.
Species
Dendya amitsbo Hozawa, 1929
Dendya cavata (Carter, 1886)
Dendya clathrata (Carter, 1883)
Dendya quadripodifera Hozawa, 1929
Dendya tripodifera (Carter, 1886)
Dendya triradiata Tanita, 1943
References
Clathrinida
Kidneythieves are an American industrial rock band, founded in 1998, led by Free Dominguez (vocals) and Bruce Somers (guitar/engineering).
History
In 1998, Kidneythieves released their first single, "S+M (A Love Song)," as well as their first album, Trickster. They followed up their initial releases with the remix EP Phi in the Sky in 2001, and their second album Zerøspace in 2002. The album's title track was released as a single. Their song "Before I'm Dead" was featured in the 2002 film Queen of the Damned. In 2004, they re-released Trickster as Trickstereprocess, with digitally remastered tracks, five bonus tracks and a bonus DVD. After the release of Trickstereprocess, Free Dominguez went on to create an indie project while Bruce Somers created the band ShockNina.
In January 2007, Dominguez sent out a newsletter via email stating that she and Somers were collaborating once again on brand new Kidneythieves material. Mid-2010 saw the release of their long-awaited third album, Trypt0fanatic.
In 2011 Kidneythieves released a 5-track EP, The Invisible Plan. (Both Trypt0fanatic & The Invisible Plan are only available on CD through the band's official website store, also including a pre-order bonus track for each release).
In December 2015, the band launched a Kickstarter to fund their new album, The Mend, which was released in September 2016.
Band members
Current members
Free Dominguez - vocals (1998-2004, 2007-present)
Bruce Somers - guitars, programming, production (1998-2004, 2007-present); all instruments (2007-present; studio)
Touring members
Jon Siren - drums (2008)
Moni Scaria - guitars (2001-2004, 2007-2009)
Former members
Chris Schleyer - guitars (1998-2001)
Christian Dorris - bass (1998-2004); drums (2007-2008, live)
Sean Sellers - drums, percussion (1998-2004)
Mirv Douglas - bass (2011-2014)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Trickster (1998)
Zerøspace (2002)
Trypt0fanatic (2010)
The Mend (2016)
EPs and special editions
Phi in the Sky (2001)
Trickstereprocess (2004)
The Invisible Plan (2011)
Lick U Clean E4M (2011)
Live albums
Kidneythieves Live in Chicago 2002 (2002)
Track Listing
Take a Train (Intro)
Black Bullet
Taxicab Messiah
Before I'm Dead
Crazy
Glitter Girl
Zerospace
Dyskrasia
Before I'm Dead Acoustic
Red & Violet
Singles
S+M (A Love Song) (1998)
Zerospace (2002)
Freeky People (2010)
Media appearances
Soundtrack contributions
Bride of Chucky (1998)
"Crazy" (cover of a Willie Nelson song made popular by Patsy Cline)
Queen of the Damned (2002)
"Before I'm Dead"
Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy (2011)
"God in Fire"
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance (2013)
"A Stranger I Remain"
Television series
First Wave (TV series) (1998)
"S&M (a Love Song)" in Episode 10, Marker 262
Wolf Lake (2001)
"Black Bullet" in Episode 1, Meat the Parents
CSI: Miami (2003)
"Arsenal" in Episode 209 (Season 2, Episode 09), Bait
Warehouse 13 (2010)
"Taxicab Messiah" in Season 2, Episode 2, Mild Mannered
Video games
Selected songs from the album Trickster were featured in Deus Ex: Invisible War. They are performed in-game by fictional pop-star "NG Resonance", voiced by the lead vocalist, Free Dominguez.
The band collaborated with Takeharu Ishimoto on the song God in Fire, from the soundtrack to Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy. In 2013, Free Dominguez sang on the soundtrack to Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance on the track A Stranger I Remain (Maniac Agenda Mix).
Guest appearances and collaborations
Free Dominguez has contributed vocals to the third Conjure One album, Exilarch on the song "Run For Cover", as well as on Beat Ventriloquists EP, Goodnight Memory on the song "Unfolding", and will collaborate with them again on their forthcoming debut album. In 2004, Free's vocals were also featured on a number of songs, including "Geisha Superfly", "War of Love", "Invisible", "Kickstand" & "Rhinestone Halo" which she wrote for "The Insider project", a joint venture project with Matt "Dr." Fink of The Revolution and DJ Insider. Free's backing vocals can be heard on Zeromancer's album, Clone Your Lover on songs "Flirt (with Me)" & "Houses Of Cards". She sang the latter live on stage with Zeromancer in Germany. Free also fronted for Conjure One in Germany around the same time, then performed again with them in London shortly afterwards. (May 2010). Free Dominguez was featured on KMFDM's 2011 album, WTF?!, on the song, "Take It Like A Man".
Aside from collaborations, Free has released solo material, the first being her debut album, "freedoming", which is currently Sold Out. A music video, "Questions & Lies" was made too which sounded different from the album version being more upbeat, titled "Questions & Lies (With Drums)" later being released as part of the iTunes exclusive "Freedoming - EP". For her second solo effort she recorded many songs, which were to be released on the album, "Core: A Zone", which was postponed due to kidneythieves being brought back together, and has since been unreleased, however in 2006 Free released a taster of the album in the form of the 5-track "Core: A Zone - EP". Free also recorded a cover of "Heart Of Gold" during this time. In late 2011 and early 2012 Free performed solo gigs, as well as opening for Jimmy Gnecco. Free sent out newsletters indicating that her third solo album, "Volcano + The Sea" would get a Spring 2012 release, delighting many fans worldwide. Also she had been planning on repackaging a selection of songs from her first two solo records for sometime, and finally announced an early 2012 release for them.
Bruce Somers has been working with the band Good Charlotte on their live production for their current world tour. Bruce mastered the latest releases from Richard Patrick's band Filter as well as the latest CD's by former Marilyn Manson and current Rob Zombie guitarist John 5. Bruce composed the music for "Coming Up Roses," a new film featuring Bernadette Peters. The feature was directed by Lisa Albright. Look for a theatrical release in 2011. Bruce recently composed the music for the 27th Northrop Grumman National Space Symposium.
References
External links
Kickstarter for The Mend
"Reconfigured Kidney Thieves Rebounding With Extasy EP, New Album," Billboard, Dec. 15, 2001
Musical groups established in 1998
Musical groups disestablished in 2004
Musical groups reestablished in 2007
American industrial rock musical groups
Rock music duos
Statistics of Lao League in the 2006 season.
Overview
Vientiane FC won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Lao Premier League seasons
1
Laos
Laos
Buenos Aires is a barrio in the municipality of Lares, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,291.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Buenos Aires barrio was 1,449.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) and subbarrios, in turn, are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Buenos Aires barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Lares, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Lares, Puerto Rico
Imawatari Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 4632.3 km2. The dam impounds about 141 ha of land when full and can store 9470 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1936 and completed in 1939.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1939 establishments in Japan
Northern Low German (Standard High German: nördliches Niederdeutsch) is a variety of Low German. Its varieties in Germany are divided into Westniederdeutsch (lit. West Low German), Nordniederdeutsch (Northern Low Saxon), Nordostniederdeutsch (lit. North-East Low German, roughly corresponding to Mecklenburgisch-Vorpommersch) and Brandenburgisch. It borders to Low Franconian, High German and Southern Low German (südliches Niederdeutsch, i.e. Westphalian and Eastphalian).
Westniederdeutsch is quite atypical for dialects in Germany in general. There are radio stations mainly speaking Northern Low German in Paraguay, Brazil and Canada. In Germany, it is spoken about until the Ruhr area. It is spoken in several states of Germany. It is far more used in Frisia than in other areas, where it is spoken.
Most people in the area of Northern Low German do not speak this variety. In television in Germany, various varieties of Northern Low German are used. There are items in Northern Low German in daily newspapers. North Hanoveranian is spoken from Hamburg to North Rhine-Westphalia. East Pomeranian dialect is part of Northern Low German.
Plautdietsch is, if not a separate language, part of Northern Low German.
There was a transitional area of Eastphalian and Brandenburgisch around Magdeburg. A transitional dialect of Mecklenburgisch-Vorpommersch and Central Pomeranian was spoken around Neubrandenburg. There was a Low German speaking transitional area between
North Upper Saxon/South Markish and Brandenburgisch around Storkow, Brandenburg. Another, however High German speaking transitional area between North Upper Saxon/South Markish and Brandenburgisch around Frankfurt (Oder) used to exist. There is or used to exist a minor transitional area of Mecklenburgisch-Vorpommersch and Brandenburgisch. A transitional dialect area of Northern Low Saxon and Mecklenburgisch-Vorpommersch includes or used to include parts of Lübeck. A transitional dialect area of Brandenburgisch and Mecklenburgisch-Vorpommersch includes or used to include
Dannenberg (Elbe). A transitional dialect area of Northern Low Saxon and Mecklenburgisch-Vorpommersch includes or used to include Lüneburg. There is or used to be a dialect area transitional to Eastphalian including Wunstorf. There is or used to be an area of transition to Eastphalian North of Celle.
A transitional dialect area of Eastphalian and Brandenburgisch is or used to be North of Wolfsburg.
Another transitional dialect area of Central Pomeranian and East Pomeranian roughly from Wolin (town) and Szczecin to about the border of the former Province of Posen used to exist. A transitional dialect area of Central Pomeranian and Brandenburgisch including Schwedt used to exist.
East Pomeranian and Low Prussian dialect had a transitional area of each other. Places within this area included Bytów (Bütow), Lębork (Lauenburg), Bydgoszcz (Bromberg), Toruń (Thorn) and Przechówko. Within the respective area of Northern Low Saxon, East Pomeranian, Brandenburgisch and the transitional area of East Pomeranian and Low Prussian there was one language island each. Central Pomeranian had two language islands within its area.
References
Culture of Lower Saxony
Low German
Languages of Ukraine
is a railway station in Takehara, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Layout
It is an aboveground train station with two side platforms. IC cards and the like can be used, processed by a card reader.
It is a kan'i itaku station managed by the Mihara Regional Railway Department and an NPO corporation "Welfare Station Tadanoumi". Tickets were sold with a POS terminal until 2003, when a green window was set up at the outsourcing station, and tickets were sold with MARS.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
References
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1932
Modern Art Oxford is an art gallery established in 1965 in Oxford, England. From 1965 to 2002, it was called The Museum of Modern Art, Oxford.
The gallery presents exhibitions of modern and contemporary art. It has a national and international reputation for quality of exhibitions, projects and commissions, which are supported by a learning and engagement programme with audiences in excess of 100,000 each year. Funded primarily by Arts Council England, many exhibitions, events, activities and workshops are free for visitors.
History
Modern Art Oxford's premises at 30 Pembroke Street, Oxford were designed by the architect Harry Drinkwater and built in 1892 as a square room and stores for Hanley's City Brewery.
The gallery was founded by architect Trevor Green in 1965. With funding from the Arts Council of Great Britain, the gallery survived as a venue for temporary exhibitions. It was widely known as MoMA Oxford, similar to other international modern art spaces such as MoMA in New York.
It was renamed "Modern Art Oxford" in 2002. Adrian Searle of The Guardian commented, "Perhaps the museum bit was only ever there to confuse tourists and convince gowny academic Oxford that modern art was worth taking seriously."
Directorship
Several transitory directors oversaw the gallery until Nicholas Serota became director in 1973, with Sandy Nairne as assistant director. David Elliott replaced Serota in 1976.
Elliott's programme focused on media that were often ignored by bigger public galleries at the time, such as photography, architecture and graphic design. Under Elliott's directorship, MoMA held photography exhibitions such as the Robert Doisneau Retrospective in 1992. Elliott introduced up-and-coming artists from Africa, Asia and the Soviet Union, and at various times also held major video art exhibitions. His contributions also included multiple gallery renovations. He resigned his position in 1996 to become the director of the Moderna Museet in Stockholm, having served the longest term of any director in the history of the gallery.
Elliott's replacement, an American from Los Angeles, Kerry Brougher, preferred larger shows of American and European art, and, like Elliott, exhibitions focusing on film and media. In 2000, Brougher left to join the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C.
Brougher was replaced by Andrew Nairne, who renamed the gallery, coordinated additional enhancements to the building, and donated the gallery's substantial library of art books and catalogues to Oxford Brookes University. He shifted the focus to exhibitions of contemporary artists, who have included Cecily Brown, Jake and Dinos Chapman, Tracey Emin, Gary Hume, Daniel Buren, Stella Vine, Sol LeWitt and Kerry James Marshall. Nairne left the gallery in 2008 to take up a senior managerial position at the Arts Council.
Michael Stanley assumed the directorship in January 2009.
David Thorp assumed interim directorship in October 2012 following the death of Michael Stanley.
Paul Hobson was appointed Director in April 2013 and took up the post that September.
Notable exhibitions and shows
Artists' exhibitions have included Richard Long (1971); Sol Le Witt (1973) Joseph Beuys (1974); Donald Judd (1995); Marina Abramovich (1995); Carl Andre (1997) and Yoko Ono (1997). Since the renaming of the gallery, notable exhibitions have included:
Tracey Emin This Is Another Place (November 2002 – January 2003) - marked the reopening of Modern Art Oxford by and was her first British solo exhibition since 1997. The exhibition contained drawings, etchings, film, neon works such as Fuck off and die, you slag and sculptures including a large scale wooden pier, called Knowing My Enemy.
Jake and Dinos Chapman The Rape of Creativity (April – June 2003) - the artists bought a mint collection of 80 Goya prints and systematically defaced them. The BBC and The Daily Telegraph reviewed the show.
Stella Vine (July - September 2007) - a major solo show of by the Britart painter including more than 100 paintings and a catalogue essay by Germaine Greer.
Other artists featured include Jim Lambie (2003), Mike Nelson (2004), Jannis Kounellis (2004), Daniel Buren (2006), Gary Hume (2008), Howard Hodgkin (2010), Thomas Houseago (2010), Graham Sutherland (2011), Jenny Saville (2012) and Anish Kapoor (2021).
Notes and references
External links
Modern Art Oxford official site
Art Guide entry
AboutBritain.com entry
Review of Monica Bonvicini's MOMA Oxford Show by Greg Whitfield
Art museums and galleries in Oxford
Modern art museums
Art galleries established in 1965
1965 establishments in England
Swofford is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, in the U.S. state of Washington. The town sits on the south shore of Riffe Lake.
History
A post office called Swofford was established in 1890, and remained in operation until 1922. The community was named after T. F. Swofford, who was credited with securing a post office for the town.
References
Populated places in Lewis County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Lewis County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
The Ashley-Alexander House (also known as the Alexander House) is a historic house located at 3514 Walkers Corner Road (Arkansas Highway 161) near Scott, Arkansas.
Description and history
It is a -story clapboarded log structure, built out of hand-hewn cypress logs and topped by a gable roof, set near the east side of the road. A porch projects from the center of the five-bay facade, with a two-window dormer above, and flanking shed-roof dormers flanking it on the main roof. The house was built about 1835 by Chester Ashley, one of Arkansas's early United States Senators, and a prominent lawyer and local landowner.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 18, 1976.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lonoke County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1835
Houses in Lonoke County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Lonoke County, Arkansas
Harutyun Abrahamyan (born 4 December 1969 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired football goalkeeper from Armenia. He obtained a total number of three caps for the national team. Abrahamyan made his debut on 14 October 1992 in a friendly against Moldova (0–0). Apart from playing in his native country he spent one year in Iran with Keshavarz F.C. (1996–97).
National team statistics
References
1969 births
Living people
Footballers from Yerevan
Armenian footballers
Armenia international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Armenian expatriate footballers
Soviet footballers
FC Ararat Yerevan players
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Armenian expatriate sportspeople in Iran
Keshavarz players
Persepolis F.C. non-playing staff
Armenian Premier League players
Weisdale is a bay, hamlet and ancient parish on Mainland in Shetland, Scotland. The bay opens near the northern extremity of Scalloway Bay, and strikes four and a half miles to the north north east.
The hamlet lies at the bay's head, about twelve miles north west of Lerwick.
History
Weisdale was the scene of a series of evictions of crofters in favour of large scale sheep farming in the 19th century. Approximately three hundred and eighteen crofters were evicted from the Weisdale valley in what is described as the clearances. Local author John J. Graham wrote two novels on this theme.
Sites of Interest
Weisdale Voe - a lovely and long stretch of water containing small isles (Greena, Flotta, Hoy, North Havra, Junk, Hoggs of Hoy and Hildasay). The head is a good place to see wading birds.
Weisdale Valley - a beautiful stretch of land including the Weisdale Mill, Kergord Woods & Kergord House that are detailed below. The remains of some of the houses that were targeted during the clearances in the 19th Century can still be seen in the valley today.
Weisdale Mill - a restored mill (Shetland's largest corn mill, built in 1855) now serving as a gallery and cafe.
Kergord Woods - the only substantial woodland in the Shetland Islands, located at Weisdale. Mixed conifer and deciduous trees were planted between 1909–21 and now attracts woodland birds.
Kergord House - built in 1850, was previously part of the Flemington estate (the house itself was originally called Flemington) and in 1940 the house served as the Headquarters for the Shetland Bus operations
Shetland Jewellery – The workshop premises in Weisdale are open to visitors who can see silver and gold jewellery with Nordic, traditional and wildlife designs being produced by the skilled workers. Teas, coffees and light snacks are available.
Church
There is one church in Weisdale. It is known as the Weisdale Kirk and is part of the Church of Scotland. This kirk was built in 1863 and is now surrounded by a beautiful garden which was created by local volunteers with the assistance of the BBC Scotland Beechgrove Garden team. The garden won a Shetland Environmental Award in 2006
References
This article incorporates text from -
Wilson, Rev. John The Gazetteer of Scotland (Edinburgh, 1882) Published by W. & A.K. Johnstone
External links
Canmore - Weisdale, Parish Church site record
Villages in Mainland, Shetland
Parishes of Shetland
Yakaboy is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 59 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Elvis Mihailenko is a Latvian professional boxer, the first Latvian National boxing champion amongst professionals and first ever professional fighter from Latvia who won any of the major titles, as WBA Intercontinental champion (on 2002-10-03, in Madrid, beating on points Spaniard Alejandro Lakatos) and EBU-EU (European Union) (on 2004-06-11, in Copenhagen, beating on points Swede Giovanni Alvarez), and later defended it once more. He fought at the light-heavyweight division.
Mihaiļenko never hired a big promoter, allowing him to travel around Europe to enjoy the training camps in the best gyms. He sparred with a number of great fighters, including such World champions as Joe Calzaghe, Mikkel Kessler, Zsolt Erdei, and David Haye.
Mihaiļenko was born on September 13, 1976, in Jūrmala, Latvia, a town near the Latvian capital of Riga. As an amateur he had a 71–14 record and won the National Championships in 1997 at light-heavyweight. He was also a member of the national boxing team and represented Latvia in number of tournaments. In 1998 he won the European Full-contact Kickboxing Championships and also the Latvian Kickboxing championship in 1998 and 1999.
In 2000 he turned professional, signing with Peacock Promotion in Canning Town, East End of London. He also sparred and trained in Universum-Box Promotion, in Hamburg, Germany.
His professional record was 18-1-1.
In 2008 founded his own promotional company- Fighter Elvis Promotion
Graduated from the University College of Economics and Culture (EKA) in Riga as a translator/interpreter of the English language.
He currently is a personal trainer and boxing commentator on Viasat Sport Baltic channel. He was named by his father in honour of Elvis Presley.
References
External links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb8OM8aFff4&feature=g-upl/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120616005127/http://www.fighterelvis.lv/
http://boxrec.com/list_bouts.php?human_id=15067&cat=boxer/
1976 births
People from Jūrmala
Living people
Latvian male boxers
Light-heavyweight boxers
Nardovelifer altipinnis is the oldest known lamprid fish. It dates from the Campanian age of Nardò, Italy.
References
Cretaceous bony fish
Prehistoric ray-finned fish genera
Veliferidae
Fossil taxa described in 1999
Fossils of Italy
Bocula pallens is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882. It is found in northern India, and Sri Lanka.
Description
Its wingspan is about 22 mm. The male has fasciculate (bundled) antennae. Anal tuft very large. Underside of forewings with a patch of differently formed scales on median nervure. Hindwings shortened, with a large patch of flocculent (woolly) scaled below costa, the costal neuration being distorted downwards. Male with a patch of curved woolly hair on apical part of margin of hindwing. Male ochreous brown. Forewings with traces of antemedial, medial, and postmedial speckled lines. A purplish rufous marginal band narrowing to apex and outer angle and with a slight indentation near apex. A marginal series of pale specks present. Hindwings whitish. Female has inner edge of the marginal band of hindwings more curved inwards at centre.
References
Rivulinae
Moths of Asia
Tales of Arcadia is a trilogy of American computer-animated science fantasy television series created for Netflix by Guillermo del Toro and produced by DreamWorks Animation and Double Dare You. The series comprising the trilogy follows the inhabitants of the small suburban town of Arcadia Oaks, which is secretly home to various supernatural creatures and the young heroes who fight against the forces of evil that lurk in the shadows.
The three installments of the trilogy, Trollhunters, 3Below and Wizards, have been released worldwide.
Since its release, the franchise has been widely praised as an ambitious and boundary-pushing animated series, with Filmink's Travis Johnson calling it "the best children's animation to come along since Avatar: The Last Airbender." Trollhunters was nominated for nine Daytime Emmy Awards in 2017, winning more than any other animated or live-action television program that year, and the trilogy has been twice nominated for the Emmy for Outstanding Children's Animated Series. It has also received or been nominated for a BAFTA Award, several Annie Awards, Golden Reel Awards, a Saturn Award, and twice won the Kidscreen Award of "Best New Series" for the first and final chapters, Trollhunters and Wizards. The franchise has been critically acclaimed for its high quality CGI animation, its dark emotional and mature tone and complex writing, voice acting, representation of Latin Americans and immigrants, themes of prejudice, music, humor, and characters.
The show has also spawned several original children's books and has been adapted into a series of graphic novels by Marc Guggenheim and Richard Hamilton released by Dark Horse, and a video game titled Trollhunters: Defenders of Arcadia, released on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and Microsoft Windows.
In August 2020, it was announced the trilogy would be concluded with a full-length feature film titled Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans, which was released to Netflix on July 21, 2021.
Production
Guillermo del Toro initially envisioned the idea of Trollhunters as a live-action television series. However, this was deemed impractical due to budgetary concerns of using computer generated monsters as main cast members in a live-action production, and as a result he instead turned the idea into a book he co-wrote alongside Daniel Kraus and published by Disney-Hyperion. DreamWorks Animation then optioned the book to develop as an animated feature film set to be directed by Pixar veteran Rodrigo Blaas, who stayed on as executive producer when Netflix greenlit the project as a CGI-animated television series. Marc Guggenheim was hired to pen the original screenplay for the film version, and went on to write pilot for Trollhunters. Dan and Kevin Hageman were brought on as co-executive producers for the series, with Aaron Waltke, AC Bradley, and Chad Quandt joining the writers' room.
Production on the series and its subsequent sequels began in early 2014 and continued until the end of the franchise in 2021. The project attracted an all-star cast, including the voices of Anton Yelchin, Emile Hirsch, Mark Hamill, Kelsey Grammer, Ron Perlman, Glenn Close, Lena Headey, Steven Yeun, Anjelica Huston, Diego Luna, Nick Offerman, Tatiana Maslany, Nick Frost, Stephanie Beatriz, Alfred Molina, David Bradley, Colin O'Donoghue, John Rhys-Davies, and more throughout its six year run.
In November 2017, del Toro announced that Trollhunters would be expanded into a trilogy of interconnected animated series under the name Tales of Arcadia. The two sequel series set to continue the story would be entitled 3Below and Wizards, and would explore the secret worlds of extraterrestrials and wizards hidden in the same fictional town of Trollhunters.
In April 2018, it was announced that despite the sudden passing of lead actor Anton Yelchin, the role of Jim Lake Jr. would incorporate both the voices of Yelchin and Emile Hirsch for the entirety of Part 3 of Trollhunters and future iterations of the series. Two characters introduced in the final season of Trollhunters—Aja and Krel (voiced by Tatiana Maslany and Diego Luna, respectively)—also reprised their roles and serve as the leads in 3Below. In May 2018, it was revealed that Steve Palchuk would also have his role extended into Wizards as well, making him and Toby Domzalski (voiced by Charlie Saxton) the first characters to encompass the entire trilogy. On July 7, 2020, it was revealed that the character of Douxie Casperan (voiced by Colin O'Donoghue) and his familiar Archie (voiced by Alfred Molina) would be introduced as the final main characters of Wizards: Tales of Arcadia, rounding out the ensemble cast.
In 2017, Marc Guggenheim and Rodrigo Blaas continued their role as showrunners and executive producers for 3Below, with A.C. Bradley serving as story editor and head writer until her departure to work on What If...?.
In 2018, Aaron Waltke and Chad Quandt returned as co-executive producers and co-showrunners with Marc Guggenheim for Wizards: Tales of Arcadia, before departing to write and produce the forthcoming television series, Star Trek: Prodigy.
Dan and Kevin Hageman and Marc Guggenheim wrote the screenplay for the finale film, Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans, released on July 21, 2021.
Synopsis
Setting
Tales of Arcadia follows the inhabitants of the small suburban town of Arcadia Oaks (a fictionalized version of Arcadia, California), which is secretly home to various supernatural creatures and the young heroes who fight against the forces of evil that lurk in the shadows.
Premise
In Trollhunters, a boy named James Lake Jr, becomes the first human to be a Trollhunter, carrying the duty of protecting both the trolls living in a secret realm known as Trollmarket and humans living in the surface world from an invasion of flesh-eating trolls known as Gumm-Gumms led by the vicious warlord, Gunmar the Skullcrusher.
In 3Below, two royal siblings named Princess Aja and Crown Prince Krel Tarron, who live on the alien planet Akiridion-5, must escape to Earth when their home is taken over by an evil general named Val Morando.
In Wizards, a sorcerer-in-training named Douxie Casperan must embark on a time-bending adventure to medieval Camelot in a battle with the Arcane Order to save the future of Arcadia Oaks and the world at large.
Finally, in Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans, all of the Guardians of Arcadia unite when the world is on the brink of an apocalyptic battle for the control of magic that will determine the fate of these supernatural worlds that have now converged as the Arcane Order reawakens the Titans.
Overview
Characters and cast members
Other media
Comics
Trollhunters: The Secret History of Trollkind (2018)
Trollhunters: The Felled (2018)
Novels
Trollhunters: The Adventure Begins (2017)
Trollhunters: Welcome to the Darklands (2017)
Trollhunters: The Book of Ga-Huel (2018)
Trollhunters: Age of the Amulet (2018)
Trollhunters: The Way of the Wizard (2018)
Trollhunters: Angor Reborn (2018)
Video game
Trollhunters: Defenders of Arcadia is a video game based on Trollhunters. It was released for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and PC on September 25, 2020.
Accolades
Future
Following the release of Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans, writer Marc Guggenheim said the film is meant to "wrap up the trilogy and for this really to be the final chapter in the story", but that it simultaneously "also opens the door for a whole host of new storytelling possibilities", and that it was "designed to be a cap, and [he suspects] it will remain that way for at least a little bit".
References
External links
DreamWorks Animation franchises
Netflix children's programming
American children's animated science fantasy television series
Works by Guillermo del Toro
Arthurian legend
Television series by Universal Television
Coregonus gutturosus, the Lake Constance whitefish, is an extinct species of whitefish in the salmon family Salmonidae. It was formerly found only in deep areas of Lake Constance in the Alps.
Extinction
Coregonus gutturosus was a deep water whitefish that reached a length of . Coregonus gutturosus was highly sensitive to environmental changes and it is thought that the eutrophication of Lake Constance, which peaked in 1979, irreversibly affected the development of the eggs of the species.
Surveys undertaken at the start of the 21st century failed to find any evidence of the survival of the Lake Constance whitefish.
References
gutturosus
Fish described in 1818
Freshwater fish of Europe
Lake Constance
Cold water fish
Extinct animals of Europe
Fish extinctions since 1500
First Choice Liquor is a group of liquor superstores in Australia owned by Coles Group, and competes principally with the Endeavour Group owned Dan Murphy's chain as a big-box retailer in the takeaway liquor market.
First Choice Liquor grew out of the former Quaffers brand, and sits alongside Liquorland and Vintage Cellars, Coles' other liquor brands. The first store was opened in May 2005 at Tooronga Village in Melbourne. Expansion of the chain was assisted with then owner Coles Group purchasing the Queensland-based Hedley Hotel chain and Mr Corks Liquor Group in 2006. The chain comprised 93 stores as of May 2018. An ultra-discount no-frills banner of Wesfarmers, called Liquor Market (with a 'yellow water/beer drop' logo) had experimented with about half a dozen stores in Melbourne, then Sydney, however, the brand name failed to gain major traction, thus, they have been merged '1st Choice Liquor Market' since 2019 after Coles Group was divest from Wesfarmers, with many 'First Choice' stores switching from their traditional blue theme and signage to the yellow colouring.
References
External links
First Choice Liquor
Alcohol distribution retailers in Australia
Coles Group
Retail companies established in 2005
Australian companies established in 2005
Wine_retailers
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 30 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Pittsburg County
Code Lyoko: Subdigitals is an album released by MoonScoop featuring songs by the fictional musicians The Subdigitals (formerly The Subsonics) in the French animated television series Code Lyoko. A World Without Danger was released as a physical CD single only in France, but was later imported to the several United States online retailers, including Amazon and eBay. Planet Net was released as a music video single in order to promote the release of the soundtrack.
Track listing
References
External links
Code Lyoko
2006 albums
2007 albums
Television soundtracks
Animated television articles needing attention
Caroline Records albums
John Bruce Cuneo (16 June 1928 – 2 June 2020) was an Australian sailor and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, where he received a gold medal in the dragon class, together with crew members Thomas Anderson and John Shaw. Cuneo sailed on board Southern Cross, the defeated Australian challenger for the 1974 America's Cup. He was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School.
Cuneo was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1986 and into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame in 2009. In 2018 Cuneo, Anderson and Shaw were inducted to the Australian Sailing Hall of Fame. Cuneo died on 2 June 2020, aged 91.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
External links
1928 births
2020 deaths
Australian male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Australia
Sailors at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for Australia
1974 America's Cup sailors
Olympic medalists in sailing
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Sportsmen from Queensland
People educated at Anglican Church Grammar School
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
is a Jesuit university in Hiroshima, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1948. It was chartered as a university in 1963.
History
Belgian Jesuit Father Ernest Goossens began a music classroom for youths right after the devastation of the atomic bomb, and soon had about 100 students. So in 1947 he opened "Hiroshima music school" and named it later after the late Belgian Elisabeth Queen Mother who was a patron of the school in the 1950s. It developed into a full university of music by 1963, with the doctorate established in 1993.
1947 Hiroshima Music School opened
1948 Prefecture certification of Hiroshima music school
1951 the late Belgian Elisabeth Queen Mother becomes the school's patron
1952 Elisabeth Music College (2-year) appointed Ernesto Gosensu as first president
1954 religious music major department (one-year) begun
1959 renamed Elisabeth College; Tianjin junior college religion department installed
1961 Rome Pontifical Institute of Sacred Music relations established
1963 Elisabeth University of Music opened as four-year college; 3-year junior college and religion department desist
1967 religious music department expansion
1976 department of vocal, instrumental and department of expansion (now 4 departments)
1990 Graduate School of Music with master's program
1993 doctoral program inaugurated
1999 Extension Center opened
2001 junior orchestra inaugurated
2002 chamber choir Elisabeth Singers inaugurated
2003 early childhood music education major, in cultural music department; kindergarten teacher license course
2007 partnership with Tamagawa University Education Department: elementary school teacher two or license offered; Selected by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology in "Support Program for Distinctive University Education."
Academics
The area of music creation includes study of the composition theory of classical music, with a wide range of musical genres. Included in the study are the piano, orchestra, brass band, and computer music. The digital keyboard is studied from both the creation and performance perspectives.
In the music research area, the background of music in history and culture is studied, what ideas produced it, how it evolved, how it is listened to. The charm of music is studied, including not just Japan but the West and Asia and religious music also. Being both Jesuit and Catholic, the Western tradition of Gregorian chant is included.
In the music education area one studies what is the basis of culture so that this might be conveyed through music to children and students, and to nurture leaders capable of transmitting this culture through music. Montessori education theory is taught as a part of early childhood music education.
In the graduate school there are four departments: musicology, religious music science, vocal music, and instrumental music. The masters (MSc) deepens the knowledge and skills gained at the undergraduate level. The doctoral program aims to foster creative research in specialized fields.
Elisabeth University maintains relationships with such employers as Kawai music schools, Yamaha Music School, Children's Music Center, Blaine (Ltd.), Roland (Ltd.), Remie Conservatory of Music, the Philippine Philharmonic Orchestra, Tokyo Music Center, and the music classrooms of Furore, Lumbini, and Haruna.
Study abroad programs are active with Germany, France, Italy, and the United States.
Activities
Clubs: Madrigal Society, French Study Group, German Lied Study Group, Traditional Japanese Music Society, and groups for the following: strings, flute, saxophone ensemble, brass ensemble, tuba ensemble, trombone ensemble, percussion ensemble, and for music therapy,
There's also a yoga club and a cappella club.
Campus ministry is centered at the church on campus. One can help with preparing the university-wide Masses, join Bible study groups, or study “Introduction to Christianity”.
Service opportunities: part-time jobs or volunteer opportunities are available at restaurants, movie theaters, hospitals, schools, and day care centers.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1948
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hiroshima Prefecture
1948 establishments in Japan
Catholic universities and colleges in Japan
Jesuit universities and colleges
Omiodes odontosticta is a species of moth in the family Crambidae. It was first described by George Hampson in 1898 and is found Australia in Northern Territory and Queensland.
The wingspan is about 30 mm.
External links
odontosticta
Moths described in 1898
The Medical Worker Day (Russian: День медицинского работника, Den' Meditsinskava Rabotnika) is a professional holiday of medical staff which used to be celebrated in the Soviet Union and still continues to be celebrated in many post-Soviet countries. In most cases, date of the celebration is the third Sunday of June.
History
The Medical Worker Day has been celebrated since 1988, when Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union edited its decree "About commemorative dates and observances" dated 1980.
Country coverage
Currently, the Medical Worker Day is officially celebrated in Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Moldova, Armenia, and Azerbaijan. It is celebrated every year on the third Sunday of June in all the above countries besides Azerbaijan (on June 17 annually).
See also
International Nurses Day
National Doctors' Day
References
Observances in Russia
Observances in Kazakhstan
Observances in Moldova
Observances in Ukraine
Observances in Latvia
Observances in Armenia
Public holidays in Belarus
Public holidays in Azerbaijan
Public holidays in the Soviet Union
Yakup Yıldız (born 4 October 2002) is a Turkish male compound archer and part of the national team.
Sport career
Yıldız won the gold medal together with his teammates in the second leg of the 2021 Archery World Cup in Lausanne, Switzerland. Hetook two gold medals, in the individual and the team event, at the 2021 European Archery Championships held in Antalya, Turkey.
In 2022, Yakup Yıldız won the bronze medal in the men's U-21 team compound event at the Laško, Slovenia event in the 2022 European Indoor Archery Championships. He won the gold medal in the men's team compound event at the European Archery Championships held in Munich, Germany. He also won the silver medal in the men's individual compound event.
References
2002 births
Living people
Turkish male archers
The KNVB Reserve Cup () is a cup competition for the reserve teams of professional football clubs in the Netherlands. The winner qualifies for next year's KNVB Cup; if the cup winner is also the champion in the national competition for reserve teams (), the cup runner-up also qualifies for the KNVB Cup.
The cup competition was established in 1997. Until then, the teams played in the KNVB District Cup competitions, and competed for the KNVB Amateur Cup. From the 1997-98 season to the 2000-01 season, the reserve teams used the number 2 to distinguish them from the club's main squad. From 2001-02 onwards, the teams use the prefix Jong (Young). In 2012 the Reserve Cup was eliminated. in 2018 the Reserve cup was reinstated.
Past winners
See also
KNVB Cup
Football in the Netherlands
KNVB Cup
Football competitions in the Netherlands
Recurring sporting events established in 1997
National association football cups
Romane Lewis Clark (December 3, 1925 – 2007) was an American philosopher and Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Indiana University, Bloomington. He is known for his works on logic, especially his eponymous paradox (Clark's paradox).
Books
Introduction to Logic, Romane Clark and Paul Welsh, D. Van Nostrana Company, Inc., Princeton, N.J., Toronto, New York, London, 1962.
References
21st-century American philosophers
Philosophy academics
2007 deaths
Indiana University Bloomington faculty
American logicians
1925 births
People from Waverly, Iowa
University of Iowa alumni
Aquila bullockensis is an extinct species of large true eagles in the family Accipitridae. A. bullockensis is related to the living species A. audax to which it might be ancestral. The species is solely known from the distal end of a right humerus found in the Middle Miocene (about 12 Ma), Bullock Creek deposits in Australia. A. bullockensis is the oldest confirmed record of the genus Aquila in Australia, and possibly in the world.
History and classification
The species is known solely from the holotype specimen, number QVM:2000:GFV:154, the distal end of a right humerus, conserved in the collections housed by the Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery in Launceston, Tasmania. The specimen was collected from Bullock Creek exposures of the Camfield Fossil Beds, located south-southeast of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. The bone was first studied by a pair of researchers from Monash University in Melbourne, Victoria and led by Priscilla Gaff as part of her master's thesis. Gaff and Walter E. Boles published their 2010 type description in the Records of the Australian Museum. The specific epithet "bullockensis" was chosen by the authors in recognition of the type locality, with the Latin ensis meaning "belonging to".
Description
Within the possible bird families that the holotype may belong, it is distinguished from the old-world buzzards (Aegypiinae) and eagle-vultures (Gypaetinae) by its shallow fossa m. brachialis, a more bulbous processus flexorius and a broader condylus dorsalis. These features also distinguish the bone from Ospreys. Within the family Accipitridae the bone is similar to the genera Hieraaetus and Aquila. The two genera are very similar in morphology, and separation of the two is very difficult; they may be merged in the future. However the bone is closer in appearance to the modern species Aquila audax, Aquila chrysaetos and Aquila fasciata though is distinct enough to be considered a separate species. On the fossil the tuberculum supracondylare ventrale is flat unlike that of the modern species.
The humerus is wide on the distal end, while the shaft is broken off and missing above the fossa m. brachialis but enough bone is present to show that the shaft is curved. A. bullockensis was smaller in size then A. audax, A. chrysaetos and larger than A. fasciata. Though many members of Aquila display sexual dimorphism, the size of humerus is not a distinct feature.
Aquila bullockensis is one of the oldest members of the genus. The two species A. delphinensis and A. pennatoides which are from deposits in Grive-Saint-Alban, France, were described by Claude Gaillard in 1938 and also date to the Middle to Late Miocene. Of the other known Accipitridae bones from the Bullock Creek deposits several may belong to A. bullockensis, but none have been studied in depth to date.
References
Aquila (genus)
Miocene birds of Australia
Miocene birds
Fossil taxa described in 2010
Blighty was a British pay television channel broadcasting as part of the UKTV network of channels. The channel was originally launched on 8 March 2004.
History
The channel launched on 8 March 2004 as UKTV People, showing repeats of lighter factual programming, based on the people of the world with programmes such as Top Gear and the docusoap Airport. Much of this programming had come from the former channel UK Horizons, which had closed down the day before. The channel itself, along with UKTV Documentary, replaced this channel formally. For the channel's first few months, it timeshared with UKTV Food +1, airing from 7pm-3am, but soon expanded to a full 24-hour schedule by 1 July.
On 9 October 2008, UKTV announced plans to rebrand UKTV People and UKTV Documentary in early 2009. The news came just two days after UKTV's entertainment channels were rebranded to Watch, Gold and Alibi. They announced that UKTV People would be rebranded as Blighty and this rebrand took place on 17 February 2009. As part of the rebranding, some programmes were transferred to channels such as sister channel Dave, while the channel acquired some other programmes looking at British life.
The channel closed at midday on 5 July 2013, replaced by Drama on 8 July.
Timeshift
On 12 January 2005, UKTV launched a time shift service called UKTV People +1 It was exclusively available on Sky Digital, and ran exactly the same broadcast on a one-hour delay. It also ran for the same hours as its main channel, except an hour ahead.
For unknown reasons, the service closed on 18 April 2006, and was removed from the Sky EPG afterwards. Its bandwidth would be reused for UKTV Drama +1 which launched two weeks later on 2 May, however unlike UKTV People +1, UKTV Drama +1 initially aired as a part-time service.
Identity
When the channel launched as UKTV People, the idents all featured people depicted from different angles set against a screen split in four, before fading into the stacked UKTV People logo. Later in 2007, the idents features a live-action footage where the people are working or having activities (e.g. building site, shopping centre) before a red part moving into the stacked UKTV People logo over a three striped red background. This same background also featured on promotions for the channel, both on the channel and across the network.
When the rebranding to Blighty occurred, a new logo was designed consisting of a brightly coloured Union Flag. This is seen on a large scale flying behind the scenes depicted in front. These scenes included many people and centred on a number of typically British themes: rain, with large wellies, businessmen with umbrellas and people camping; sun with beach scenes, and other summer activities; tea, with all methods of making tea celebrated alongside cakes and biscuits and multicultural, featuring foreign dances and Indian food and spices.
Programming
Much of the channels programming focused on repeated programming, mainly but not exclusively from the BBC, who held a 50 percent stake in the channel through commercial arm BBC Worldwide. Additionally, BBC programmes were edited to fit the time slot as an original broadcast for an hour-long programme on the BBC might be as much as 58 minutes long, whereas the same programme on Blighty might be 42 minutes long without the commercials.
A Life of Grime
Air Medics
Amazing Adventures of a Nobody
Billy Connolly's World Tour of England, Ireland and Wales
Blackpool Medics
Blues and Twos
Britain From Above
Britain in Motion
British Style Genius
The Britpop Story
The Builders
Coast
Dog Borstal
Heir Hunters
Jeremy Clarkson Meets the Neighbours
Made In Britain - Dom Joly
Monarchy: The Royal Family at Work
My Brilliant Britain
Rescue Heroes
Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure
Save Our Boozer
Seaside Rescue
Sky Cops
Traffic Cops
Who Do You Think You Are?
See also
UKTV
Television in the United Kingdom
References
External links
UKTV at The TV Room
Blighty at TVARK
Television channels and stations established in 2004
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2013
2004 establishments in the United Kingdom
2013 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Defunct British television channels
UKTV
is a song recorded by Japanese singer Namie Amuro for her ballad-inspired concept compilation, Ballada (2014). It was distributed by Avex Trax and Amuro's record label, Dimension Point, on January 29, 2014 in Japan, and released worldwide as a digital single by Avex Music Creative Inc. The physical and digital formats included the two B-side tracks "Neonlight Lipstick" and "Ballerina", which later served as promotional singles online. "Tsuki" was written by Tiger, whilst production was handled by Hiro Doi and Zetton. Musically, the single is a J-Pop ballad with instrumentation consisting of synthesizers, bells, and chimes.
Upon its release, "Tsuki" received favorable reviews from music critics. The majority of them complimented the composition, alongside praising Amuro's vocal performance and overall production. Commercially, the single experienced success in Japan, reaching number three on the Oricon Singles Chart and on the Japan Hot 100 chart. It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for digital sales of 250,000 units. An accompanying music video for "Tsuki" shot by Naokazu Mitsuishi in Iceland, and features Amuro in a vast field of snow, ice, and grass. To promote the single, it was used for the 2014 film Dakishimetai: Shinjitsu no Monogatari and was performed on the singer's 2013 Feel tour and 2014 Live Style concert venue.
Background and composition
On January 15, 2014, Japanese music media website Jame-World confirmed the release of Amuro's single "Tsuki" for January 29, 2014. When premiering the recording, the singer confirmed on her website that the tracks "Neonlight Lipstick" and "Ballerina", both of which were digitally released prior to "Tsuki", would appear as the single's B-sides; the former song was used as the commercial single for Japanese cosmetic company Kosee, whilst the latter was a collaboration with Gucci and Vogue Japan. The tracks have also been released through iTunes Store on October 16 and October 23, 2016, respectively. "Tsuki" was written by Japanese artist Tiger, while production was handled by Hiro Doi and Zetton. The recording was distributed by Avex Trax and Amuro's record label, Dimension Point, on January 29, 2014 in Japan, and released worldwide as a digital single by Avex Music Creative Inc. While the CD single features the title track, "Neon Lipstick", "Ballerina" and their respective instrumentals, the DVD single additionally incorporates their visuals. A digitally released extended play features all the six songs from the physical formats. The accompanying cover artwork—portraying Amuro inside a room full of shiny fabric and her wearing a long wedding dress—was shot by Japanese photographer Kazutaka Nakamura; it acts as an outtake of the singer's photoshoot for Japanese magazine Sweet.
Musically, "Tsuki" is a J-pop ballad whose instrumentation consists of synthesizers, keyboards, harps, and chimes. A reviewer of Japanese music magazine CD Journal described the production of the recording "minimal", whilst noting it as a mid-tempo track. In another review for her ballad-inspired concept compilation Ballada (2014), an editor noted elements of R&B and described the lyrical content as "warm yet sad". The song was composed by Fast Lane, Lisa Desmond, and Zetton, and was recorded in 2013 at Avex Sound Studios. The single's two B-sides were described as EDM tracks, whilst "Ballerina" samples elements of "Fire Power" (2012) by American disc jockey Wolfgang Gartner, for which he received credit as a co-songwriter.
Reception
Upon its release, "Tsuki" received favorable reviews from music critics. Writing for Japanese music magazine CD Journal, a staff editor was positive in his/her report, and complimented the track's lyrical content, production and Amuro's vocal performance. When reviewing the singer's compilation album, another member of the website praised the song's "majestic" sound. Commercially, the single experienced success in Japan. It debuted at number three on the Oricon Singles Chart, selling 42,021 copies in its first week of availability, but slipping to number 11 the following week, shifting another 9,252 units in that region. In its third week, "Tsuki" dropped to number 21 and sold 4,794 units, lasting a total of five editions inside the top 50 and 14 weeks within the top 200. By the end of 2014, the single was ranked at number 90 on Oricon's Annual Singles Chart; by July 2016, it had sold 67,293 units in Japan. Additionally, it opened the Japan Hot 100 chart at number three, marking one of Amuro's highest-debuting releases, and staying in the chart for over ten weeks. Prior to the single's release, the B-side tracks "Neonlight Lipstick" and "Ballerina", entered the chart in October 2013 at number 16 and 25, respectively. In July 2014, "Tsuki" was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for digital sales of 250,000 copies.
Music videos and promotion
"Tsuki" and its B-side tracks were all accompanied by music videos; the first two were directed by Naokazu Mitsuishi, whilst the visual for "Ballerina" was directed by YKBX.
"Tsuki" was shot in Iceland, where it first featured Amuro in a smoggy field with snow falling on her. During the progression of the song, the smog starts to pass and shows icebergs. Subsequently, Amuro continues to sing to the song, while by the last chorus, the singer is featured in a large vast field of grass and meadow. The final scene is a panning shot of her dress, covered by grass and other flora and fauna. According to Amuro, she shot the video in Iceland because she felt the scenery reflected the theme of "resuscitation of life"; Mitsuishi further added that, "I want you to occasionally hum the lyrics. So in certain parts of the video, Amuro chose what parts of the song to sing, and what parts to hum." The music video was previewed by a teaser which premiered on YouTube on January 14, 2014.
The visual for "Neonlight Lipstick" is loosely based on the 1812 fairy tale Snow White, and features Amuro wearing a red dress (as the princess Snow White) while being present in a forest. For several shots, she is presented in a black cloak (as Evil Queen) accompanied by backup dancers; interspersed scenes show Amuro dancing on top of a book, with computer generated imagery and the background performers surrounding her. Prior to the clip's release, a preview was premiered on YouTube on November 25, 2013.
"Ballerina"'s clip acted as a collaboration with Gucci and Vogue Japan; it featured Amuro wearing clothing designed by Gucci, and being surrounded by several special effects inside a small mansion-esque structure. Throughout the video, there are lopped scenes of Amuro walking, with these being edited and cut in several ways. Scenes of Amuro sitting on a vast field of digitised grass are also presented, with jellyfish floating and other effects. Like the previous visual, "Ballerina" was accompanied by a teaser which was released on the same day on social media.
In order to promote the single, it was used as the theme song of the 2014 Japanese film Dakishimetai: Shinjitsu no Monogatari. Both "Neonlight Lipstick" and "Ballerina" were included on the set list for Amuro's 2013 Feel concert tour, which supported her album with the same name, and appeared on a live DVD. All three tracks were subsequently included on Amuro's 2014 Live Style tour, and on other physical releases. "Tsuki" was most recently performed on her 2015–16 Livegenic concert venue in Japan, which promoted Genic (2015).
Track listing
CD single
"Tsuki" – 3:39
"Neonlight Lipstick" – 3:48
"Ballerina" – 2:57
"Tsuki" (Instrumental) – 3:39
"Neonlight Lipstick" (Instrumental) – 3:48
"Ballerina" (Instrumental) – 2:57
CD and DVD
"Tsuki" – 3:39
"Neonlight Lipstick" – 3:48
"Ballerina" – 2:57
"Tsuki" (Instrumental) – 3:39
"Neonlight Lipstick" (Instrumental) – 3:48
"Ballerina" (Instrumental) – 2:57
"Tsuki" (music video)
"Neonlight Lipstick" (music video)
"Ballerina" (music video)
Digital EP
"Tsuki" – 3:39
"Neonlight Lipstick" – 3:48
"Ballerina" – 2:57
"Tsuki" (Instrumental) – 3:39
"Neonlight Lipstick" (Instrumental) – 3:48
"Ballerina" (Instrumental) – 2:57
Neonlight Lipstick digital single
"Neonlight Lipstick" – 3:48
Ballerina digital single
"Ballerina" – 2:57
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the single's physical release.
Technical and songwriting credits
Namie Amuro – vocals, management (All tracks)
Zetton – composer, producer (track #1)
Tiger – songwriter (track #1 and #2)
Hiro Doi – composer (track #1)
Fast Lane – producer, composer (track #1)
Lisa Desmond – producer, composer (track #1)
Steven Lee – songwriter (track #2)
Lasse Lindorff – songwriter (track #2)
Charli Taft – songwriter (track #2)
Gennessee Lewis – songwriter (track #3)
Cait La Dee – songwriter (track #3)
Wolfgang Gartner – songwriter, composer, producer (track #3)
P.O.S. – songwriter (track #3)
Visual and video credits
Naokazu Mitsuishi – director (track #1 and #2)
YKBX – director (track #3)
Hiromi – dancer (track #2)
Miki – dancer (track #2)
Risa – dancer (track #2)
Yuu – dancer (track #2)
Ako – choreographer (track #2)
Takuro Iwagami – cinematographer (track #1 and #2)
Kenshu Shintsuho – cinematographer (track #3)
Shogen Yamamoto – lighting director
Kenjiro Harigai – art direction
Manabu Honchu – design
Kanako Oi – design
Kazutaka Nakamuta – photographer
Satomi Kurihara – nails and make-up
Akita Noda – stylist
Charts
Daily and weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certification and sales
Release history
References
External links
"Tsuki" at Namie Amuro's official website.
2014 singles
2014 songs
Japanese film songs
Japanese-language songs
Namie Amuro songs
Aloukika is an alien, supernatural drama, mystery-thriller television serial directed by Ilyas Ahmed. The serial, which was made in Telugu language, premiered on ETV Telugu in (2004-2006). This unique serial was based on other dimensions, aliens and time travel. It was produced by Ramoji Rao, the head of the Ramoji Group and the then head of ETV. Aloukika means the other world.
Plot
Called by powerful forces, a young woman named Trishna (Preeti Amin) leaves her loving family and begins a search for the unknown. She finds a settlement and its inhabitants caught in a time warp. She returns to the zone repeatedly in her journey of self discovery and existentialism.
Soundtrack
The title song was composed by Vasurao Saluri and the lyrics penned by Suman.
Critical reception
It has received accolades from the critics and awards of appreciation from cultural organizations.
References
Telugu-language television shows
ETV Telugu original programming
Bummer (stylised in uppercase) is the debut studio album by Canadian rock duo Cleopatrick. It was released on 4 June 2021 via Nowhere Special Recordings.
Release
The first single "Good Grief" was released on 11 December 2020, alongside its accompanying music video. Gruntz said the song "marks a new era for our band". This was followed by second single "The Drake" on 11 March 2021, which Gruntz says was written about "assholes from our hometown".
The third single "Family Van" was released on 20 April 2021, alongside the announcement of the album, and an online video game themed with the song. About the song, Gruntz said "I wrote Family Van after a band ripped one of our songs off. They were bigger than us and we felt powerless." An official PowerPoint Presentation was released too, before the music video on May 11. The song went onto peak at No. 32 on the US Mainstream Rock Charts, and at No. 45 in the Canadian Rock Charts.
The final single "2008" was released on 19 May 2021, along with its music video. Gruntz described it as the "most honest moment on the album", and the "most vulnerable Cleopatrick song […] and the song that means the most to me out of anything I've written". After the album's released, they band also released a music video for "Victoria Park".
Reception
Bummer received generally positive reviews from music critics. Exclaim! praised the album's "excellent grooves", "unique energy" and "plenty of pounding, cathartic moments throughout", while Kerrang! praised the bands "titanic riffs", although criticised the way "the songs seem to meld into one another".
Metacritic assigned the album 72/100, based on five reviews.
Track listing
Notes
All track titles are stylised in uppercase.
Charts
Personnel
Cleopatrick
Luke Gruntz - vocals, guitar, production
Ian Fraser - drums, production
Other personnel
Jig Dubé – production
Spencer Sunshine – engineering
Jon Wayne - mixing
Greg Calbi - mastering
Steve Fallone - mastering
References
2021 albums
Cleopatrick albums
Dučalovići is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 360 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Frank Goode (born 19 December 1939) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the VFL during the 1960s.
Owing to an injury to John Dugdale, Goode spent the 1965 and 1966 seasons as a full-forward with success. He topped North Melbourne's goal kicking in those years with 38 and 49 goals respectively. Injured earl 1967 he had surgery-injured again in 1968 and when second surgery failed he went on to coach NMFC U19's after which he coached Sandringham VFA side in 1971/72. He later became assistant coach at Footscray and in 1981 stepped in for senior coach Royce Hart in a game against Melbourne, which they lost. After coaching joined AFL Tribunal for 5 years.
References
Holmesby, Russell and Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
1939 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Western Bulldogs coaches
Moe Football Club players
Living people
The Hartford Dark Blues were a 19th-century baseball team. The team was based in Hartford, Connecticut.
History
The Hartford Dark Blues were a member of the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players in 1874 and 1875 and the National League in 1876 and 1877. In 1877 the team played in Brooklyn, New York as the Brooklyn Hartfords.
Playing at the Hartford Ball Club Grounds, in 1876 they joined the National League as a charter member. The team's owner, Morgan G. Bulkeley, was also the first president of the National League. Managed by their third baseman, Bob Ferguson, the Dark Blues went on to finish third in 1876 with a record of 47–21. The team's strong suit was pitching, with both Tommy Bond and future Hall of Famer Candy Cummings finishing with an earned run average under 2. The pitching staff recorded the most complete games (69) and allowed the lowest number of home runs throughout the 70-game 1876 campaign (the Philadelphia Athletics also accomplished this feat that season). The team's best hitter was right fielder Dick Higham, who led the team in most offensive categories.
The team left Hartford and moved to Brooklyn, New York for the 1877 season to become the Brooklyn Hartfords. Managed again by Ferguson, the team finished in third again, with a record of 31–27. With Bond, Cummings and Higham all having left the team, the team's best player this year was undoubtedly right fielder John Cassidy, who batted .378 and also led the team in many other categories.
The team disbanded after the 1877 season and was replaced in the league with the Providence Grays. Author Mark Twain was a fan of the team.
Notable alumni
Lip Pike, major league baseball home run champion
Tom Barlow, pioneer of the bunt, suffered from morphine addiction, mentioned in Ken Burns' Baseball
Joe Start, a 27-year veteran who spanned the pre-professional to the professional era, and is credited with developing off-bag positioning of the first baseman
Baseball Hall of Famers
See also
1874 Hartford Dark Blues season
1875 Hartford Dark Blues season
1876 Hartford Dark Blues season
1877 Brooklyn Hartfords season
Hartford Dark Blues all-time roster
External links
Major League Baseball in Gilded Age Connecticut: The Rise and Fall of the Middletown, New Haven and Hartford Clubs (Complete history of Hartford Dark Blues)
Team index page at Baseball Reference
The Hartford Dark Blues by David Arcidiacono (Hog River Journal 2003)
Hartford Dark Blues Vintage Base Ball Club
Bibliography
Arcidiacono, David (2003) Grace, Grit and Growling: The Hartford Dark Blues Base Ball Club, 1874–1877
References
Dark Blues
Defunct Major League Baseball teams
Defunct National Association baseball teams
Hartfords
Defunct sports teams in Connecticut
Professional baseball teams in Connecticut
1874 establishments in Connecticut
1877 disestablishments in New York (state)
Baseball teams established in 1874
Baseball teams disestablished in 1877
Sports in Brooklyn
Defunct baseball teams in Connecticut
Dean Farris (born November 14, 1997) is a former American competition swimmer. He is the American record holder in the 200 yard freestyle. He won the 2019 NCAA Championships titles in the 100 yard backstroke and 100 yard freestyle. At the 2019 World University Games he won two gold medals, one in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay and one in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay.
Early life and education
Farris was born November 14, 1997 and raised in Atlanta, Georgia. He attended The Paideia School for high school where he competed scholastically as part of the school swim team. For college, Farris attends Harvard University where he competes as part of the Harvard Crimson swim team.
Career
2015–2017
In January 2015, Farris was highlighted by SwimSwam as one of the "Weekly Wonders of Age Group Swimming" for achieving two times faster than national-level cut-off times, once each in the 200 yard backstroke and 200 yard individual medley. By mid-October of the same year, Farris had committed to competing collegiately for Harvard University as part of the Harvard Crimson. On February 24, 2017, Farris swam a 1:32.71 in the prelims heats of the 200 yard freestyle at the 2017 Ivy League Men's Swimming and Diving Championships, breaking the 37-year-old pool record set at Blodgett Pool on the Harvard University campus by Rowdy Gaines of Auburn University in 1980 with a time of 1:34.57. In the final of the 200 yard freestyle later the same day, Farris lowered his own pool record by over one full second to a time of 1:31.56.
2019
2019 NCAA Championships
At the 2019 NCAA Championships in Austin, Texas, Farris led-off the 4×200 yard freestyle with a time of 1:29.15 for his 200 yards of freestyle and set new American and US Open records in the 200 yard freestyle, which broke the previous record of 1:29.50 set by Townley Haas in 2018. In the 100 yard backstroke, Farris won his first individual NCAA title with a time of 43.66 seconds, which made him the second American in history to swim the event in less than 44 seconds, only after the American record holder in the event, Ryan Murphy. Farris won his second NCAA title later in the Championships in the 100 yard freestyle, finishing first with a time of 40.80 seconds to out-touch second-place finisher Bowe Becker by three hundredths of a second and becoming the third-fastest performer in the event behind Caeleb Dressel of the Florida Gators and Vladimir Morozov of the USC Trojans. With his two NCAA title wins in individual events, Farris became the third swimmer from Harvard University to win two such titles in 54 years, an accomplishment that contributed to him earning the "Male Athlete of the Year" honor from The Harvard Crimson. Following his success at the 2019 NCAA Championships, Farris decided to take a red-shirt year during the 2019–2020 collegiate season to prepare for the 2020 Summer Olympics, deciding to train in long course meters at the University of Texas with Eddie Reese during his time away.
2019 World University Games
At Piscina Felice Scandone on the first day of swimming competition at the 2019 World University Games in Naples, Italy in July, Farris won his first gold medal in the final of the 4×100 metre freestyle relay, splitting a 47.48 for the second leg of the relay and helping his final relay teammates Zach Apple, Robert Howard, and Tate Jackson achieve the time of 3:11.03 to attain the gold medal. In the prelims of the 4×100 metre freestyle relay, Farris swam a 47.08 for the relay's second leg. Farris won his second gold medal of the World University Games in the 4×200 meter freestyle relay, contributing a split of 1:48.73 for the lead-off leg in the final and helping to reach a total relay time of 7:09.77 with his final relay teammates Grant House, Trenton Julian, and Zach Apple.
2019 National Championships
Less than one month later, Farris competed at the 2019 US National Championships in Stanford, California. In the 100 meter freestyle, Farris placed fourth with a personal best time of 48.07 seconds, which was less than two tenths of a second behind bronze medalist in the event Tate Jackson. For the 200 meter freestyle, Farris won the bronze medal in a time of 1:46.45, finishing 0.2 second behind silver medalist Kieran Smith. In the b-final of the 100 meter backstroke, Farris took first place in 53.93 seconds. Concluding his competition at the year's National Championships, Farris placed sixth in the b-final of the 50 meter freestyle with a time of 22.57 seconds.
2020 US Olympic Trials
Leading up to the 2020 US Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, and held in June 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Farris was highlighted by NBC Sports as a top US swimmer to watch at the last Pro Swim Series competition before the Olympic Trials. Come the US Olympic Trials, SwimSwam noted Farris and his perseverance in making it through to the semifinals of competition in the 100 meter freestyle. Farris did not make the 2020 US Olympic Team in any of his events, placing 13th in the 100 meter backstroke in the semifinals with a time of 54.17 seconds, 15th in the 100 meter freestyle semifinals at 49.15 seconds, 19th in the 100 meter butterfly with a personal best time of 52.95 seconds, and 30th in the 50 meter freestyle with a time of 22.68 seconds.
2021–2022 Collegiate season
Returning to Harvard University for the 2021–2022 collegiate season, Farris won the 100 yard butterfly and placed second in the 50 yard freestyle in a double dual meet between his school, Dartmouth College, and Cornell University. As part of a relay during practice leading up to championships season in the collegiate season, Farris swam 75 yards of freestyle with fins from a push-start in 28.7 seconds. In response to Farris's time, Brooks Curry of Louisiana State University swam a 75 yard freestyle sprint in fins, also from a push-start, in 28.6 seconds. In mid-January, Farris won the 200 yard freestyle in 1:35.57 and the 100 yard freestyle with a 43.32 in a meet against Stanford University and the University of the Pacific. Later the same month, in a dual meet against the University of Pennsylvania, Farris won the 100 yard backstroke in 46.71 and the 100 yard freestyle with a time of 43.95 seconds. In a meet against Princeton University and Yale University, Farris won the 100 yard butterfly with a time of 46.30 seconds and the 200 yard freestyle in 1:33.60.
2022 Ivy League Championships
The first day of the 2022 Ivy League Championships, February 23, Farris helped achieve a win in the 4×50 yard medley relay with a 1:24.06, leading-off with a 21.22 for the backstroke leg of the relay. In the next event, the 4×200 yard freestyle relay, he swam a 1:31.80 for the fourth-leg of the relay to contribute to the winning time of 6:16.19 and help set a new pool record. In the prelims heats of the 50 yard freestyle on day two, he finished in 19.37 seconds to qualify for the final ranked first and 0.04 seconds ahead of the second-ranked swimmer. For the final, he finished second in 19.43 seconds, just 0.01 second behind the first-place finisher. The following day, Farris ranked second across all prelims heats of the 200 yard freestyle with a 1:35.38 and qualified for the final. He dropped over two and a half seconds from his prelims swim in the final, winning the event with a 1:32.67. For his second event of the finals session, he swam a 45.39 for the backstroke leg of the 4×100 yard medley relay to help win the event with a final time of 3:05.72, which set new Ivy League and pool records. Starting off the fourth and final day, he swam a 43.05 in the prelims heats of the 100 yard freestyle, ranking second heading into the final. He claimed the conference title for the 100 yard freestyle in the final with a time of 41.97 seconds. Closing out the final Ivy League Championships of his collegiate career, Farris swam a 41.15 for the anchor leg of the last event of the Championships, the 4×100 yard freestyle relay, helping achieve a first-place victory in an Ivy League and pool record time of 2:50.40.
His wins contributed to Harvard Crimson winning the Championships with a total of 1,596 points, which was 104 points ahead of the second-place team and marked the fifth-consecutive Ivy League Championships title win for the men of Harvard Crimson swimming and diving. In an interview with The Harvard Crimson published on March 2, Farris spoke of the strength of the team members during his time on the team and projecting into the future, "In my freshman year we kind of built a powerhouse, and we've continued it from there. We have some great recruits coming in, so I'm really pumped to come back and sit in the stands to watch these guys."
2022 NCAA Championships
Beginning the 2022 NCAA Championships on day one, March 23, Farris competed in back-to-back relays, leading-off with a 20.36 for the backstroke portion of the 4×50 yard medley relay to help place ninth, and splitting a 1:29.85 on the second leg of the 4×200 yard freestyle relay to help achieve a fifteenth-place finish. On the second day, he split a time of 18.49 seconds for the second leg of the 4×50 yard freestyle relay to help achieve a ninth-place finish in 1:15.88. For the preliminary heats of the 100 yard backstroke on the morning of day three, he ranked sixth with a time of 44.55 seconds, qualifying for the final. He finished seventh in the final with a time of 44.68 seconds. Later in the same session, he led-off the 4×100 yard medley relay with a 44.59, helping attain a final time of 3:03.24 and eleventh-place finish. Starting off day four, he qualified for the b-final of the 100 yard freestyle with a time of 41.68 seconds and overall rank of twelfth in the morning prelims heats. He won the b-final with a time of 41.42 seconds. For his final event of the Championships, the 4×100 yard freestyle relay, he helped achieve a ninth-place finish, swimming the fastest split of all relay swimmers with a 40.51.
First retirement
The final day of the Championships, SwimSwam published an article saying Farris announced his intent to permanently retire from competitive swimming for the first time upon the conclusion of competition.
Career best times
Long course meters (50 m pool)
Legend: h – heat; † – en route to final mark; b – b-final
Short course yards (25 yd pool)
National records
Short course yards (25 yd pool)
Awards and honors
The Harvard Crimson, Athlete of the Year (male): 2019
SwimSwam, Weekly Wonders of Age Group Swimming: January 16–19, 2015
References
1997 births
Living people
Swimmers from Atlanta
Harvard Crimson men's swimmers
American male freestyle swimmers
American male backstroke swimmers
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in swimming
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
Ryan Kitto is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a left back for Adelaide United.
Career
Adelaide United
Kitto started his career with West Torrens Birkalla, before signing for A-League club Adelaide United. He made his debut on 26 October 2013 for Adelaide United against Central Coast Mariners.
West Torrens Birkalla
In February 2015 returned to his home club West Torrens Birkalla. Kitto was awarded the 2015 Sergio Melta Medal (Player of the Year) after the 2015 NPL SA season making 28 appearances and scoring 17 goals.
Newcastle Jets
Kitto signed his second professional A-League deal with the Newcastle Jets as an injury replacement player following a successful trial with the club. Kitto made his Newcastle debut in Round 7 of the 2015–16 A-League season, coming on for Nigel Boogaard in the 82nd minute in a 0–0 draw against Adelaide United.
Ktto had one of his best career games in the final match of the 2015–16 A-League season against Central Coast Mariners, getting a hat-trick of assists.
Return to Adelaide United
On 23 May 2016, Kitto returned to Adelaide United. He started in Adelaide's first match of the 2016 FFA Cup on 2 August, and scored Adelaide's only goal in a 2–1 loss to Queensland state league side Redlands United in Brisbane.
After many eye-catching performances at the end of 2017, Kitto earned many plaudits, with Mark Bosnich describing him 'one of the best talents in the whole league'.
Kitto has won the FFA Cup two times with Adelaide United; the first final ending in a 2–1 victory over Sydney FC, and the second in a 4–0 victory over Melbourne City.
Career statistics
Club
External links
References
Living people
Australian soccer players
Soccer players from Adelaide
Association football midfielders
Adelaide United FC players
Newcastle Jets FC players
A-League Men players
National Premier Leagues players
1994 births
Noble Andrew Hardee (September 24, 1805 – September 10, 1867) was an American businessman based in Savannah, Georgia, where he was a cotton factor and owner of N. A. Hardee Company. In 1860 he had constructed today's Noble Hardee Mansion in the southwestern corner of Savannah's Monterey Square.
Hardee served in the Georgia House of Representatives.
Life and career
Hardee was born on September 24, 1805, on the Rural Felicity Plantation in Camden County, Georgia, to John Hais Hardee Jr. and Sarah Ellis. He was their fourth child and third son. His brother was lieutenant general William J. Hardee, former commandant at West Point.
In the 1820s, he served in the Georgia House of Representatives.
Around 1825, he married Martha Threewitts Williams, of Milledgeville, Georgia. They had two children: Ann Eliza (born 1826) and John (1830), both of whom died in childhood. Martha died of puerperal fever in 1833.
The 27-year-old widower remained out of the public eye for just over a year. In December 1834, he became a member of the planning committee for the Bill of Rights Ball, which was held in St. Marys, Georgia.
On December 3, 1835, he married Anne Margaret Lewis, daughter of John Lewis and Susan Adams. They had three children who lived to become adults: John Lewis, Susan Ann and Mary Elizabeth.
After moving to Savannah, in 1836 he established N. A. Hardee Company, a cotton factor business at number 6 Upper Stoddard Range on River Street. He hired his eighteen-year-old nephew Charles Seton Henry Hardee, who also tutored Noble's two oldest children. Noble's daughter, Susan Ann, married Confederate States Army brigadier general William W. Kirkland, who was a partner in the company. He also possessed interests in railroads, real estate, banking and insurance.
The 1840 census showed nine people living at the Noble household: himself, his wife, three children and four servants. The family spent summers at the Hardee plantation near Sandersville in Washington County, Georgia.
He served as a member of the Grand Jury in 1859, under Judges Fleming and John M. Millen Jr.
Death
Hardee died on September 10, 1867, aged 61, while in Richfield Springs, New York. His daughter accompanied his body on the voyage home, aboard the SS San Salvador. His funeral took place in November at Savannah's Independent Presbyterian Church. He was interred in Savannah's historic Bonaventure Cemetery. His wife survived him by four years, and was buried beside him upon her death aged 55.
The N. A. Hardee Company was dissolved upon his death. It was re-established by Noble's son John Lewis and William W. Kirkland was N. A. Hardee's Son and Company.
He was described in 1890 as being "a man of strong characteristics and eminent for his virtues and high character ... holding many positions of trust and honor at the time of his death."
References
1805 births
1867 deaths
American businesspeople
People from Savannah, Georgia
Newport High School () is a co-educational secondary school in the Bettws district of the city of Newport, South Wales, UK for pupils aged 11–18 years.
Admissions
There are about 1,100 pupils from a catchment area to the north western side of Newport.
History
The school's origin can be dated back to the foundation in 1896 of separate Boys' and Girls' intermediate schools in Newport. Subsequently the High School name was adopted. Following the implementation of comprehensive education the school(s) eventually moved from Queen's Hill to Bettws Lane. The current school of 2009 was built in front of the old Bettws Comprehensive School, itself built in 1970. The latter's school plot was sold to Barratt Homes for demolition and house building.
Academic performance
The school's most recent Estyn inspection took place in 2008. This report was in quick succession to an inspection during November 2007. The 2007 report noted the school's improvements, particularly in GCSE results, since the previous inspection in 2001, but recommended that significant further improvement was necessary. The 2008 report concluded that "significant improvement" had been made and the school was placed back into the standard inspection cycle.
Alumni
Newport High School for Boys
Keith Baxter (actor)
Cyril Bence, Labour MP from 1951 to 1970 for East Dunbartonshire
Bryan Bowen, Paymaster-in-Chief and Inspector of Army Pay Services from 1986 to 1989, and colonel commandant from 1990 to 1992 of the Royal Army Pay Corps
Richard Bradshaw, Director General from 1977 to 1981 of the Army Medical Services, and Commandant from 1973 to 1975 of the RAMC Training Centre
Trevor Brewer, rugby player
David Burcher, rugby player
Graham Dixon-Lewis, professor of combustion science from 1978 to 1987 at the University of Leeds
Gareth L Evans rugby union player
John Evans (rugby player)
Raymond Glendenning, sports commentator
Peter Gray, professor of physical chemistry from 1962 to 1988 at the University of Leeds, master from 1988 to 1996 of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, and president from 1983 to 1985 of the Faraday Society
Donald Harrison, professor of laryngology and otology from 1963 to 1990 at UCL Medical School, and expert on laryngeal cancer
Walter Martin (rugby player)
Robert Rowthorn, professor of economics from 1991 to 2006 at the University of Cambridge
Newport High School for Girls
Margaret Delacourt-Smith, Baroness Delacourt-Smith of Alteryn
Alison Bielski, poet and writer.
References
External links
School homepage
Secondary schools in Newport, Wales
Harvey Limón (born July 21, 1975) is a Surinamese professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Groene Ster Heerlerheide
External links
Living people
1975 births
Surinamese footballers
Suriname international footballers
SVB Eerste Divisie players
S.V. Leo Victor players
Association football midfielders
Charles R. Kocsis (January 27, 1913 – May 30, 2006) was an American amateur golfer.
Kocsis was introduced to the game as a caddie at the Phoenix Country Club, which is now Rogell Municipal Golf Course. One of fourteen children, he grew up in the Old Redford area of Detroit. Attended Redford High and was victorious at the city and state championship levels.
Kocsis was the winner of six Michigan Match Play Amateurs and six Michigan Medal Play Amateurs, three Michigan Opens (1931, 1945, 1946), individual intercollegiate champion member of three U.S. Walker Cup teams, member of two NCAA Championship teams at the University of Michigan, low amateur in the Masters, low amateur in two U.S. Opens, runner-up at the 1956 U.S. Amateur, and runner-up at the 1937 Western Amateur.
Kocsis also found success on the senior level winning the US National Open Senior Championship in 1969, 1970, and 1979. Kocsis played in the International Seniors Championship five times and won four - 1970, 1973, 1980, and 1988. He set the tournament record at Gleneagles in 1970 with a 13 under par total of 271. During his time at the University of Michigan, Kocsis became a member of the Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity.
The Golf Association of Michigan voted Kocsis the Michigan amateur golfer of the century and was a member of the first class elected into the Michigan Golf Hall of Fame.
Tournament wins
this list may be incomplete
1930 Michigan Amateur
1931 Michigan Open
1933 Michigan Amateur
1934 Michigan Amateur
1936 NCAA Championship
1937 Michigan Amateur
1945 Michigan Open
1946 Michigan Open
1948 Michigan Amateur
1951 Michigan Amateur
1955 Michigan Amateur Medal Play
1958 Michigan Amateur Medal Play
1959 Michigan Amateur Medal Play
1960 Dogwood Invitational, Michigan Amateur Medal Play
1961 Michigan Amateur Medal Play
1962 Michigan Amateur Medal Play
Results in major championships
Note: Kocsis never played in The Open Championship nor the PGA Championship.
LA = low amateur
NYF = tournament not yet founded
NT = no tournament
CUT = missed the half-way cut
R128, R64, R32, R16, QF, SF = round in which player lost in match play
"T" indicates a tie for a place
Sources: U.S. Open and U.S. Amateur, 1938 Amateur Championship
U.S. national team appearances
Amateur
Walker Cup: 1938, 1949 (winners), 1957 (winners)
See also
University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor
Kupelian, Vartan. Forever Scratch:Chuck Kocsis-An Amateur for the Ages. Ann Arbor Media Group, 2007.
References
External links
Michigan Golf Hall of Fame profile
Obituary from the USGA
American male golfers
Amateur golfers
Michigan Wolverines men's golfers
Golfers from Michigan
1913 births
2006 deaths
The People's Welfare Party or Parti Kesejahteraan Insan Tanah Air (KITA) is a small political party in Malaysia, based in the state of Kelantan.
Founded as AKIM (1995)
The party was formerly known as the Malaysian People Justice Front or Angkatan Keadilan Insan Malaysia when it was founded on 16 February 1995. AKIM was founded as a splinter party of Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party in 1995 following internal disagreements by members within the party. A few members from Parti Melayu Semangat 46 also joined the fray following its dissolution in 1996. AKIM contested in the 1999 general elections for the parliamentary seats of Pasir Puteh and Kota Bharu but failed.
In 2008, the party's president, Hanafi Mamat registered itself to participate in the Permatang Pauh by-election, but only managed to catch 92 votes in the election and losing his RM 15,000 deposit in the process. Nevertheless, he hoped that the election could serve as a platform to introduce the party to the nation.
Relaunched as KITA (2011)
On 13 December 2010, AKIM announced that Datuk Zaid Ibrahim has joined its ranks as a party member, with the view of having Zaid lead and revamp AKIM into a viable political party for the coming 13th Malaysian General Elections. The party further explained that Zaid had submitted his membership application to join AKIM in Nov 2010 after his former party, Parti Keadilan Rakyat, accepted Zaid's resignation.
During the party's annual general meeting on 15 December 2010, Zaid Ibrahim was elected as the party's new president (later called "Party Chief"), taking over from Zakaria Salleh, the outgoing president of AKIM. The party also announced that it will be adopting a new name, the People's Welfare Party or Parti Kesejahteraan Insan Tanah Air.
Zaid Ibrahim also announced that KITA would be a multi-racial democratic party open to all races in Malaysia, and despite its current small size, aims to make an impact in the country's political scene by focusing on goals for the long haul. Zaid also announced that KITA's official party ideology and principles, including its new constitution, manifesto and logo, will be unveiled in Kuala Lumpur on 19 January 2011.
Zaid Ibrahim sought to dissolve KITA in February 2012, and resigned as its chief later that year due to quarrels within the party.
Presidents/Party Chief
Presidents
1995–1998: Musa Salih
1998–1999: Mohd Din Nizam Din (acting)
1999–2002: Mohammad Yusoff
2002–2009: Hanafi Mamat
2009–2010: Zakaria Salleh
Party Chief
2010–2012: Zaid Ibrahim
2012–: Masrum Dayat
General election results
See also
:Category:People's Welfare Party (Malaysia) politicians
References
External links
Zaid Untuk Rakyat
Parti Kita on Twitter (2011)
Islamic political parties in Malaysia
Political parties established in 1995
Political parties in Malaysia
1995 establishments in Malaysia
Admiral Francis Munroe Ramsay (April 5, 1835 – July 19, 1914) was an officer in the United States Navy who distinguished himself in the American Civil War, and who later served as Chief of the Navy's Bureau of Navigation.
Early life and career
Born in the District of Columbia, Ramsay was appointed midshipman on October 5, 1850. After training in and in , he graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1856. He subsequently served in with the Brazil Squadron; in with the Pacific Squadron; on ordnance duty at the Washington Navy Yard; and in when working with the Royal Navy's Commander-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope and West Africa.
Civil War service
On March 23, 1863, he assumed command of , for duty in the Mississippi Squadron. In that gunboat, he participated in Yazoo River operations during April and May. Then on June 7, he supported a Union garrison at Milliken's Bend, Louisiana in holding off some 4,000 Confederate troops. Moving on to Vicksburg, he commanded a battery of heavy guns mounted on scows in exposed positions before the city, June 19 – July 4. After the capture of the river stronghold, he was given command of the 3d Division, Mississippi Squadron.
During February and March 1864, he led expeditions up the Black and Ouachita Rivers and from mid-March to early May participated in Rear Admiral David Dixon Porter's expedition up the Red River. On September 28, he was transferred to the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron in command of .
He participated in the amphibious assaults on Fort Fisher December 24, 1864 and on January 13, 1865, and in subsequent attacks against Fort Anderson and other forts along the Cape Fear River. In April, he assisted in removing torpedoes (mines) from the James River and was present at the capture of Richmond.
Post-Civil War service
After the Civil War, Ramsay served in many and varied positions afloat; as Fleet Captain, South Atlantic Squadron and as commanding officer of , , , , and . Ashore, he served at the Naval Academy, at Newport, in London as naval attaché, and at Boston and New York as commandant of the Navy Yards. In 1889 he became Chief of the Bureau of Navigation and remained in that post until his retirement April 5, 1897.
He was promoted to rear admiral on April 5, 1894, and died in Washington, D.C. July 19, 1914.
Legacy
In 1918, the destroyer was named in his honor.
See also
List of Superintendents of the United States Naval Academy
References
1835 births
1914 deaths
United States Navy admirals
United States Naval Academy alumni
Union Navy officers
People from Washington, D.C.
Superintendents of the United States Naval Academy
Ventsislav Bonev (; born 8 May 1980) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Vitosha Bistritsa.
He had previously played for Lokomotiv Sofia, Minyor Pernik, Marek Dupnitsa, Naftex Burgas. Bonev signed with Chernomorets Burgas in January 2009. To the end of the 2008-09 season he played in 7 matches for the club. On 20 January 2012, he was sold to Botev Plovdiv, but was subsequently released in June.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Association football defenders
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia players
PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv players
PFC Minyor Pernik players
PFC Marek Dupnitsa players
PFC Chernomorets Burgas players
Botev Plovdiv players
FC Vitosha Bistritsa players
The Prayer of Thanksgiving is a Hermetic Gnostic prayer text preserved in Coptic, Greek and Latin.
The Coptic version is found in Nag Hammadi Codex VI, where it is text no. 7 at pages 63–65. The Greek version is found in the Papyrus Mimaut, one of the Greek Magical Papyri, now Papyrus 2391 in the Louvre, where the prayer is at column XVIII, lines 591–611. The Latin version is found at paragraph 41b at the end of the translation of the Greek treatise Asclepius, part of the Hermetica. All three texts were printed together by Jean-Pierre Mahé.
The Prayer is addressed to God in thanks for his gift of revelation. It says that God is called "Father" because he "giv[es] us mind, speech, and knowledge" out of fatherly love. It has a typically Gnostic view of salvation:
We rejoice, having been illumined by Thy knowledge. We rejoice because Thou hast shown us Thyself. We rejoice because while we were in (the) body, Thou hast made us divine through Thy knowledge.
In the Nag Hammadi codex, the Prayer follows the Discourse on the Eighth and Ninth and shares its bipartite, as opposed to tripartite, anthropology. The scribe who copied it may have considered the Discourse to be the knowledge the Prayer was thankful for. A short scribal note in the first person comes immediately after the Prayer and indicates that it was selected for copying from a larger library of texts. In the Latin Asclepius, the Prayer follows Hermes Trismegistus' admonition to his disciple Asclepius that "[G]od finds mortal gratitude to be the best incense".
The Prayer is evidence for the existence of ritual kissing and communal meals among the liturgical practices of the Hermetic community in Roman Egypt.
References
Sources
Nag Hammadi library
Hermetica
Ceroprepes fusconebulella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Hiroshi Yamanaka and Valentina A. Kirpichnikova in 2000 and is known from Russia.
References
Moths described in 2000
Phycitinae
Better Than a Thousand was an American hardcore band featuring former Youth of Today singer Ray Cappo, Graham Land and Ken Olden of Battery fame. It was a side project of Shelter. Cappo originally intended just to record a couple songs with some friends but it spawned three world tours and two albums.
Members
Ray Cappo – vocals
Graham Land – guitar
Jeff Neumann – bass
Ken Olden – drums
Discography
Splits
Better Than a Thousand / 28 Days 7" (1998, DEA)
Better Than a Thousand / Face of Change 7" (1998, DEA)
Compilation appearances
Fight The World, Not Each Other (A Tribute to 7 Seconds) – "In Your Face"
The Rebirth of Hardcore: 1999 – "I Can Make a Difference / Out of Fashion"
Anti-Racist Action: Stop Racism the benefit CD – "Poison in Your Brain (LFKB remix)"
External links
Revelation Records
Epitaph Records
Hardcore punk groups from Washington, D.C.
Revelation Records artists
End Hits Records artists
Stolarczyk is a Polish surname, meaning a "little carpenter". Notable people include:
Maciej Stolarczyk, Polish football player and manager
Stanisław Stolarczyk, Polish journalist and writer
Polish-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Sherko Fayaq Abdullah (; 2 May 1940 – 4 August 2013), was a Kurdish poet. He was born on 2 May 1940 in Sulaymaniyah, Kurdistan Region in Iraq as the son of the poet Fayak Bekas. He is widely regarded as the greatest Kurdish national poet, and one of the poets who founded contemporary Kurdish poetry. Sherko's poetry explores liberty, love, life, and nature while reflecting the contemporary political, cultural, and spiritual conditions of the Kurdish people. Sherko's poetry on freedom and liberty has influenced many poets such as Ahmad Shamlou and Ali Salehi.
Biography
Sherko Bekes, the son of Fayaq Bekas and Shafiqa Saeedi, was born on 2 May 1940 in the Goizha neighborhood of Sulaymaniyah. After the death of his father, at the age of 8, he was living in extreme poverty and completed high school with great difficulty. He was seventeen years old when he published his first poem in Zhin newspaper. In 1965, Bekas joined the Kurdish liberation movement and worked in the movement's radio station, The Voice of Kurdistan. In 1968, he published the first collection of poems, and he married Nasrin Mirza in 1969. He died of cancer in Stockholm, Sweden on 4 August 2013.
Sherko Bekas with his wife Nasrin Mirza
Literary works
In 1971, Bekas introduced the "Rûwange" (vision) element into Kurdish poetry; this was a break from the strict traditional rules of poetry, such as rhyme. The poems translated in "The Secret Diary of a Rose" by Reingard and Shirwan Mirza, with Renate Saljoghi, are examples of this style. For the first time, he introduced the "poster poem" (a term originating from sculpture and painting) in 1975 into the Kurdish poetry.
Bekas' works have been translated into Arabic, Swedish, Danish, Dutch, Italian, French and English. In 1987, he was awarded the "Tucholsky scholarship" of the Pen club in Stockholm and in the same year he was awarded the freedom prize of the city of Florence.
A two-volume collection of his poetry works has been published in Kurdish under the title "Sherko Bekas' Diwan" in Sweden. These two 1000-page volumes contain his poetic works in their entirety. He has read his poems in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, United Kingdom, Russia, and Italy, where he was named honorary citizen of Milan. He visited United States in 1990.
Books
Tirîfey Helbest, Salman al-Azami Publishers, Iraq, 1968.
Kawey Asinger: Dastanêkî honrawayî sar shanoye le no tabloda, Saydiyan Publishers, Mahabad, Iran, 1971.
Marâyâ saghírah, illustrerad by Fuad Ali, 125 pp., Al-ahâli Publishers, Damascus, Syria, 1988.
Dall : çîrokî şê'r, Poem, 44 pp., Apec Publishers, Sweden, 1989.
Derbendî Pepûle: A Long Poem, 228 pp., Apec Publishers, Sweden, 1991.
Små speglar: dikter 1978–1989. – Norsborg : Publ. House of Kurdistan, 1989. – 108 s. –
Les petits miroirs : poèmes, Translation of his poems in French, by Kamal Maarof, Preface by Guillevic, 95 pp., L'Harmattan Publishers, Paris, 1995.
Dîwanî Şêrko Bêkes, Collection of Poems, vol. I, 992 pp., Sara Publishers, Stockholm, 1990.
Dîwanî Şêrko Bêkes, Collection of Poems, vol. II, 843 pp., Sara Publishers, Stockholm, 1992.
Dîwanî Şêrko Bêkes, Collection of Poems, vol. III, 551 pp., Apec Publishers, Stockholm, 1995.
Gulbijêrek ji helbestên (Selected Poems), 110 pp., Apec Publishers, 1991.
Geheimnisse der Nacht pflücken : Gedichte / aus dem Kurdischen von Reingard und Shirwan Mirza und Renate Saljoghi, 95 pp., Unionsverlag Publishers, Zürich, 1993.
Mêrgî zam-, mêrgî hetaw, 182 pp., Kurdistans folkförb., Stockholm, 1996.
Xaç û mar û roj-jimêrî şa'êrê, A poetic novel, 374 pp., Apec Publishers, Stockholm, 1997.
The secret diary of a rose: a journey through poetic Kurdistan, Translated into English by Reingard and Shirwan Mirza ; revised by Luise von Flotow, Ashti Bibani, 1997.
Bonname : Şê'r. Binkey Edeb û Rûnakbîrî Gelawêj, Sulaimaniya, Iraq 1998.
Çirakanî ser helemût : pexşan, Sardam Publishers, Iraq, 1999.
Piyawî la-darsew : Şê'r. Sulaimaniya, Iraq, 2000.
Qesîdey Rengdan, Xak Publishing Center, Sulaimaniya, Iraq, 2001.
Ezmûn: 1985–2000, Edited by Yasin Umar, Sardam Publishers, Sulaimaniya, Iraq, 2001.
Jîn û Baran, Poem. Silêmanî Library, 2001.
Ji nav Şêrên min. Avesta Publishers, Istanbul, Turkey, 2001. .
Xom ew wextey balindem!, 237 pp., Sardam Publishers, Sulaimaniya, Iraq, 2002.
Kukuxîtya bizêweke, Children's poetry, Sardam Publishers, Sulaimaniya, 2003.
References
External links
Unionsverlag
Biography and Works of Sherko Bekas
The works of Sherko Bekas, Immigrant-institutet
Iraqi Kurdish poets
Kurdish poets
Kurdish people
People from Sulaymaniyah
1940 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Iraqi poets
Iraqi emigrants to Sweden
South Lake High School, commonly referred to as South Lake, is a high school located in Groveland, Florida, United States. It is one of eight public high schools in the Lake County School District, and is the second-largest high school in the district. Located in southern Lake County, the school serves Groveland, and parts of Clermont, Mascotte, and Minneola.
South Lake High was founded in 1993 by consolidating Clermont High School and Groveland High School. As of 2017, enrollment consists of around 2,000 students. It has approximately 120 certified teachers and 6 administrators. Its colors are blue and silver. The athletic teams, called the Eagles, are represented by a bald eagle.
Facility
The school structure was originally completed in Fall 1993 to educate around 1,800 students. The main building is a two-story structure, housing administrative offices, guidance offices, and approximately 40 classrooms. An additional two-floor structure was completed in 2007 to house core academic courses. It was originally built to house freshmen courses, but has since been converted to house multiple grades. Due to multiple campus updates and the addition of portable classrooms as of Summer 2011 it has a capacity of around 2,400.
The South Lake High campus has a library, a cafeteria, an auditorium, a band/chorus building, a gym containing a dance room, weight room, and a basketball/volleyball court, and three vocational buildings. One of these houses the culinary and JROTC program. This vocational building was converted from the original cafeteria. The campus also includes portables, six tennis courts, track, and football field and stadium.
Student body
South Lake High opened with approximately 1100 students, 700 from Clermont and 400 from Groveland. By 2009 the school had grown to around 2,200 students. At the inception of Lake Minneola High in Fall 2011 there was a reduction in the number of students to an expected 1,730. The school has since returned to around 2,000 students.
Screaming Eagle bands
The South Lake High School Band Program has been under the direction of Mr. Ryan F. Wright, since the summer of 2008. Since his time there, all facets of the program have consistently received Superior Ratings at Florida Bandmasters Association District and State Assessments. The program consists of The Screaming Eagle Regiment, Wind Symphony, Symphonic Band, Studio Jazz Ensemble, Jazz Lab Band, Jazz Combos, Percussion Ensembles, Woodwind Choir, Brass Choir, and the Cobalt Indoor Guard Ensemble. The program consists of over 120 students, who perform at festivals, competitions, community events, and concerts in the large SLHS Auditorium. The Screaming Eagle Band Program provides an opportunity for students to become lifelong learners through music and leadership instruction. The band program partners with Innovative Percussion, Inc. and Evans Drumheads. Since 2016, the school has founded The Music Institute at South Lake High School, offering an array of performance, technical, research, and leadership opportunities in the arts. In 2020 & 2021 respectively, Mr. Wright was nominated for the Grammy Foundation Music Educator of the Year Award, and ended up as a national quarterfinalist both years.
Clubs
Student Government
Band
Chorus
FBLA
FFA
Key Club
Creative Writing
Art
HOSA
Interact
FCA
National Honor Society.
Thespians
Gender and Sexualities Alliance
Environmental Club
HSCA
AICE
Notable alumni
Jeff Demps - Running back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and competed in the 4x100 men's relay in London 2012
John Koronka - Former professional baseball player (Chicago Cubs, Texas Rangers, Florida Marlins)
Roberto Aguayo - Kicker for the New England Patriots and 2013 Lou Groza Award winner
Jonotthan Harrison - NFL player for the Indianapolis Colts
References
External links
Florida Department of Education
Lake County Schools
South Lake High
South Lake Bands
High schools in Lake County, Florida
Public high schools in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1993
1993 establishments in Florida
Early postal history
The beginning date for postal history in Algeria is unclear, but letters sent by Europeans in Algiers go back to 1690. Oran was controlled by Spain during much of the 18th century, and a postal marking is known from 1749.
Regular postal service came in with the French rule in Algeria, initially as a military post established in 1830 in Algiers, which was then opened to civilians in 1835, but still using military handstamps until 1839, after which datestamps with town names became standard. The service expanded into the interior along with French control, with 295 post offices in operation by 1880.
First stamps
Algerian mail used stamps of France beginning 1 January 1849. Early cancellations were a simple grill similar to French usage, but after 1852 the service switched to a lozenge of dots surrounding a number identifying the post office.
Twentieth century
Beginning in 1924, French stamps were overprinted "ALGÉRIE", eventually to total some 32 types over the next few years. These were superseded in 1926 by the first stamps inscribed for Algeria, the series consisting of four typographed designs showing local scenes, and ultimately consisting of 35 types, ranging from 1 centime to 20 francs. Algeria's first commemorative stamp, a 10-franc value depicting the Bay of Algiers, marked the 100th anniversary of French control. A new definitive series in 1936 again depicted local scenery, using eight engraved designs for 31 values.
In 1942, a photolithographed set featured the arms of Algerian cities, and was issued both with and without the engraver's name in the lower left margin. Following the liberation of France, stamps were issued depicting Marianne and the Gallic cock, in designs similar to French stamps; in addition, the old "ALGÉRIE" overprint was revived and applied to French stamps until 1947.
In 1947, a new set of 16 definitives also featured city coats of arms, and remained in use throughout the 1950s, along with a handful of commemoratives. Algeria reverted to the use of French stamps between 1958 and 1962.
Independence
Independent Algeria started its own stamp programme on 2 July 1962, with locally applied overprints reading "EA" on stocks of French stamps. These overprints exist in a wide variety of colours and typefaces. These continued in use until 31 October 1962, and were superseded the following day by a set of five designs showing local scenes, and inscribed "REPUBLIQUE ALGERIENNE" in both French and Arabic (the first appearance of Arabic on Algerian stamps).
Algeria's definitive series since independence include a set showing occupations in 1964, a depiction of Abd-el-Kader in 1967, and multiple issues showing local views starting in 1982.
Postal stationery
French postal stationery envelopes, newspaper wrappers, letter cards and postcards were also overprinted "ALGÉRIE" and issued in 1924. These were followed by postal stationery printed for Algeria in 1927. Envelopes, newspaper wrappers and lettercards were discontinued in the early 1940s.
When Algeria became an independent republic in 1962 the only item of postal stationery to be issued was a postcard. Subsequently, in 1976 Algeria issued aerogrammes.
See also
List of people on stamps of Algeria
References and sources
References
Sources
Rossiter, Stuart & John Flower. The Stamp Atlas. London: Macdonald, 1986.
Scott catalogue
External links
Paper Heritage - Algerian Railways - Control Overprints Archived here.
Communications in Algeria
Philately of Algeria
George B. Perkins (August 11, 1874 – October 4, 1955) was an American businessman and politician.
Born in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, Perkins went to the Fond du Lac public schools. In 1896, Perkins moved to Sac City, Iowa. He was the president of the First National Bank of Sac City. Perkins served as mayor of Sac City. He also served on the Sac City Independent School District board and served as the school board treasurer. Perkins also served as clerk of courts for Sac County, Iowa. From 1919 to 1923, Perkins served in the Iowa House of Representatives and was a Republican. He then served in the Iowa State Senate from 1923 to 1927. Perkins died at Loring Hospital in Sac City, Iowa following a heart attack.
Notes
1874 births
1955 deaths
Politicians from Fond du Lac, Wisconsin
People from Sac City, Iowa
Businesspeople from Iowa
Iowa Republicans
School board members in Iowa
Mayors of places in Iowa
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Iowa state senators
Lina Elisabeth Bäcklin (born 3 October 1994) is a Swedish retired ice hockey defenceman.
International career
Bäcklin was selected for the Sweden women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all six games, not recording a point.
As of 2014, Bäcklin has also appeared for Sweden at one IIHF Women's World Championships, in 2013.
Bäcklin made three appearances for the Sweden women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, with the first in 2010. This included winning bronze medals in 2010 and 2012.
Bäcklin also appeared at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics, winning gold as a part of the Swedish team at that event.
Career statistics
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Brynäs IF Dam players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
People from Gävle
Swedish women's ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey players at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Sweden
Sportspeople from Gävleborg County
Luis Martínez Griñán (19 August 1915 – 26 August 1990), better known as Lilí Martínez, was a Cuban pianist, arranger and composer specializing in the son montuno style. He played in the Conjunto de Arsenio Rodríguez and Conjunto Chappottín. Together with Rubén González and Peruchín, he is said to have "forged the style of modem Cuban piano playing in the 1940s".
Life and career
Martínez was born to a Cuban mother and a Spanish father in Guantánamo on 18 August 1915. He started playing music in local bands at age 17. In 1937 he formed his own band, Los Champions de Lilí Martínez, which worked for the CMKS radio. In 1943 he founded La Rareza del 43. He joined Arsenio Rodríguez's conjunto in 1945 after the departure of Rubén González. In 1950, after Rodríguez decided to continue his career in New York, the members of his conjunto that remained in Havana formed Conjunto Chappottín, with Félix Chappottín as leader and trumpeter, Lilí Martínez as pianist and arranger, and Miguelito Cuní as lead vocalist.
Martínez left Conjunto Chappotín in 1958. He then worked as an arranger for Luis Griñán (no relation), whose two albums are often miscredited to Martínez, who never recorded an LP as a leader. In 1960, he married Coralia Camiño. In the early 1960s, he played with the conjunto Estrellas de Chocolate founded by Félix "Chocolate" Alfonso. He then directed a band called Los Diablos Rojos in Holguín before officially retiring in 1967. In 1983, he gave an improvised concert together with Chucho Valdés and Frank Fernández at the ICAIC. The three pianists played together to a pre-recorded backing track featuring Niño Rivera on tres, Orlando "Cachaíto" López on bass and Enrique Pla on drums; this performance is the only film documenting Martínez's playing. He died on 26 August 1990 in Havana and his remains were transferred to Guantánamo in 1995.
Style
Martínez's compositions and arrangements are firmly established in the son oriental traditions from the region where he grew up. In particular, he frequently incorporated patterns from nengón, a precursor to the son, in his compositions, influenced by tresero Chito Latamblé who played with him for years. Other traditional genres that influenced his music are changüí, kiribá and regina.
Despite being rooted in son traditions, Martínez's compositions also incorporated classical and jazz influences, giving rise a very innovative approach. He was one of the first Cuban pianists to master solo improvisations based on guajeos, also known as tumbaos.
Legacy
Martínez is widely considered one of the most influential pianists from Cuba, despite attaining little fame outside the country. He has been called "the greatest sonero pianist" by Chucho Valdés, and also cited as an influence by salsa pianists such as Papo Lucca, Larry Harlow and Eddie Palmieri.
In 1994, Raúl Planas and Radio Progreso announcer Eduardo Rosillo approached retired pianist Rubén González with the idea of recording new versions of ten songs composed by Martínez. The resulting album, Son inconcluso, featured a full band including bassist Orlando "Cachaíto" López and tresero Arturo "Alambre Dulce" Harvey (ex-Conjunto Chappottín), among others, and was released in 1999 by EGREM.
In 2002, Manolito Simonet, the leader of the popular timba group Manolito y su Trabuco, organized a series of recordings to honour the work of Lilí Martínez. Among the artists that recorded Martínez's compositions as part of the project were Pedro Lugo "El Nene", Mayito Rivera, Issac Delgado and Paulito FG. The resulting album, titled Esto sí se llama querer, was released through Cuban label Unicornio in 2002, receiving favourable reviews.
Discography
With Conjunto Chappottín
1957: Alto Songo (Panart)
1957: Chappottín (Puchito)
1958: Chappottín y sus Estrellas (Puchito)
1958: Musicalidad en sepia (Maype)
With Miguelito Cuní
1958: Sones del ayer (Gema)
Notes
References
External links
Lilí Martínez: Credits at AllMusic.
Lilí Martínez: Credits at Rate Your Music.
Lilí Martínez: Credits at Discogs.
1915 births
1990 deaths
Cuban pianists
Cuban composers
Cuban bandleaders
Son cubano musicians
20th-century composers
20th-century pianists
People from Guantánamo
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1995 season.
Overview
Taipower won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Chinese Taipei National Football League seasons
1
Taipei
Taipei
Fundacja Trans-Fuzja is a Polish LGBT rights organization. It was founded in February 2008 and acquired the status of a public interest organisation (OPP), working to better the wellbeing of transgender people in Poland.
Fields of activity
Trans-Fuzja works to improve the living conditions of transgender people in Poland and support them and their relatives through the transition process. The foundation offers psychological support and provides legal advice for judicial gender reassignment and other legal aspects of transition. It also conducts trainings and workshops for schools and companies that want to educate their employees on inclusivity and encourages local establishments to be vocal about being safe places for transgender people.
Trans-Fuzja promotes education in the field of gender studies, funding publications and creating pamphlets that help people navigate the early stages of their transitions. In 2014 Trans-Fuzja conducted a study on the experiences of transgender people in Poland in accessing health care services, and in 2015 a study of the situation of transitioning youth at schools.
In 2009 Trans-Fuzja and the Campaign Against Homophobia organised a Festival of Rainbow Families to show the diversity of families and relationships that exist in Poland.
It also organises campaigns aimed at counteracting transphobia and abolishing discriminatory laws. In 2012, Trans-Fuzja, together with member of parliament Anna Grodzka, prepared a draft of a Gender Recognition act, which was passed in Sejm on the 10th of September 2015. However, the act was vetoed by President Andrzej Duda on 2 October 2015 and ultimately did not come into being.
In November 2013, the Office of the Polish Ombudsman hosted a conference titled "European standards and good practices in gender reassignment", coorganised by Trans-Fuzja, the RPO Adam Bodnar and the Council of Europe.
Chairpersons
Terms in office of the management last three years, and, as chairpersons, there have been:
Anna Grodzka – from July 2008 till December 2011
Lalka Podobińska – from December 2011 till June 2014
Wiktor Dynarski – from June 2014 till January 2017
Edyta Baker – from January 2017
See also
Transgender rights movement
References
LGBT rights in Poland
LGBT organisations in Poland
Organisations based in Warsaw
LGBT political advocacy groups in Poland
Transgender organizations
2008 establishments in Poland
Mimic 2 is a 2001 science fiction horror film, directed by Jean de Segonzac, with a script inspired by a short story of the same name by Donald A. Wollheim. The movie was a direct-to-DVD sequel to Mimic (1997), and was followed by Mimic 3: Sentinel (2003).
The thriller stars long-time film veteran Edward Albert, along with Alix Koromzay, Bruno Campos and Jon Polito.
Plot
Four years after the events of the first film, after three men are discovered hideously mutilated (their faces have been removed) and strung up among New York City's high-tension wires, Detective Klaski (Bruno Campos) stumbles upon a link: Each of the men knew entomologist Remy (Alix Koromzay), a teacher at an inner-city high school. Klaski considers Remy to be a prime, albeit unlikely, suspect in the killings until he witnesses for himself the shape-shifting creature that has been stalking Remy: an intelligent mutant insect with the face of its previous victim that wants to mate with Remy.
Klaski, Remy and a pair of her students get trapped inside the school as the creature hunts them down. Remy gets separated and runs into the creature which does not harm her but instead seems interested in her. Remy then gets cornered and the creature attempts to give her pizza. Meanwhile, a special forces unit, headed by the militant leader known only as Darksuit (Edward Albert), gets ready to fumigate the school with poisonous gas. After all the trapped humans seem to have escaped the fumigation, and with the help of a heroic Klaski in Remy's case, inspection teams following through find the creature's recently vacated husk and, later on, the mangled corpse of Klaski.
It appears that the creature, impersonating Klaski, has been caring for Remy's well-being with a mind to fulfill its base purpose. Unfortunately for it, when they finally meet in a suspenseful setting in Remy's apartment, she decapitates it. However, it is not dead as cockroaches can live up to two weeks without a head and Remy and one of the students, who is now living with her, are left wondering how to handle the situation.
Cast
Alix Koromzay as Remy Panos
Edward Albert as Darksuit
Bruno Campos as Detective Klaski
Will Estes as Nicky
Gaven E. Lucas as Sal Aguirre
Jon Polito as Morrie Deaver
Jody Wood as Detective Clecknal
Jim O'Heir as Lou
Brian Leckner as Jason Mundy
Paul Schulze as Phillip
Reception
Critical response
The film received negative reviews. Christabel Padmore from Apollo Movie Guide said: "The only reason you might watch Mimic 2 is if you're a fan of some of the special effects used in the first movie". Keith Brown from Eye for Film judged: "There's nothing particularly wrong with Mimic 2, as B-movie monster movies go". Nathan Rabin for The Onion wrote: "Mimic 2 is the very definition of an arbitrary sequel: it essentially remakes its little-loved predecessor, which combined Cronenbergian weird science, Alien-style claustrophobia, and abundant gore to little discernible effect". eFilmCritic reviewer Jack Sommersby called "incompetent and unimaginative on just about every level". The Horror Review felt: "Though it doesn't set any genre or cinematic precedence, it does take the time to develop character relationships, create atmosphere, and establish dread within its viewer, resulting in an enjoyable second outing that, in many respects, trumps its forerunner". The publication gave it 4 out of 5 stars. The film holds 8% positive critics on Rotten Tomatoes.
Accolades
Won: Video Premiere Award – Best Visual Effects
Nominated: Video Premiere Award – Best Cinematography
Nominated: Video Premiere Award – Best Editing
Sequel
Mimic 3: Sentinel was released in 2003. Directed by J.T. Petty, its script was also inspired by the short story "Mimic" by Donald A. Wollheim. While a direct-to-DVD sequel to both Mimic and Mimic 2, it takes a different thematic approach.
References
External links
2001 films
2001 direct-to-video films
2001 horror films
2000s monster movies
2000s science fiction horror films
American monster movies
American natural horror films
American science fiction horror films
Direct-to-video horror films
Direct-to-video sequel films
Films about insects
Films set in New York City
Films directed by Jean de Segonzac
Films with screenplays by Joel Soisson
Dimension Films films
2001 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Timothy Neil Wren (born 26 March 1970) is an English former cricketer. He played for Kent between 1989 and 1997.
Wren was born in Folkestone, and attended the Harvey Grammar School.
References
1970 births
Living people
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Folkestone
People educated at The Harvey Grammar School
Nőtincs (, ), a pictorial locality looking back on a thousand-year old history is in Nógrád county, Hungary. The village is located north of Budapest near the European route E77, halfway between Vác and Balassagyarmat. Nőtincs is seated at the border of Cserhát and Börzsöny hills. Its location determines the function of the village.
Demographics
1213 inhabitants. Of it is 96.3% Hungary; 0.6% Romani; 0.4% Germans; 0.4% Slovaks as well as 3.6% without closer data. In the village are 466 housing units.
Roman-catholic: 83.1% Eastern catholic: 0.5% Reformed: 2.8% Lutheraner: 3.6% Other faith associatednesses: 0.4% Denomination lot: 3.1% No indication: 6.4%.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1317. Its name comes from nő (woman) and tincs (tuft). The village of 1,213 (2001) inhabitants is situated from Budapest (the capital of Hungary), in the south-west of county Nógrád, at the foot of Naszály-hill and near Börzsöny-mountains, in the valley of Brooks Lókos and Hangya in a territory of 2,048 ha.
It was first mentioned in records in 1317. Its Roman Catholic Church was built in 1415. The Gyurcsányi-Scitovszky mansion was built in 1809 in a 4 ha primeval park in the middle of the village. The statue of St. Florian on the facade of the old Catholic school was made around 1780.
Sights in neighbourhood
Bánk: Lake (beach, fishing place, water-stage), every summer nationality festival
Rétság: St. Andrew Roman Catholic church, Kovács mansion
Diósjenő: Lake (fishing place), open-air bath
Felsőpetény: Church, Almássy-manson
Nógrád: Spectacular ruins of castle Nógrád, which was the centre of Nógrád county between 11th and 13th centuries and gave the name to the county
External links
in Hungarian
Populated places in Nógrád County
Sandsting is a parish in the West Mainland of Shetland, Scotland, forming a southern arm of the Walls Peninsula. After the parish of Aithsting was annexed into Sandsting in the sixteenth century, it became known as Sandsting and Aithsting parish.
Summary
The parish includes the settlements of Skeld, Westerwick and Culswick.
It contains the islands of Vementry and Papa Little together with a number of smaller islets, on the south side of St Magnus Bay, and comprehends a mainland district of about ten miles by eight between that bay and Scalloway Bay. The coast is partly bold, and cavernous; the seaboard is cut into sections by long bays; and the interior is mostly an assemblage of knolls and hillocks, with a profusion of heath and interspersions of moss.
The area of the parish is given as 162.4 km2.
Antiquities include standing stones, burial monds and Old Norse fortifications, as well as church ruins and burial grounds. St Mary's Chapel in Sandsting was once the main church for the parish of Sandsting. The medieval church, which was built no later than the sixteenth century, now stands in ruin.
Etymology
Sandsting is a place name derived from the farm of Sand. Ting, from the Old Norse Thing, is a reference to an assembly site or meeting place believed to have once been located within the area.
Note
This article is based in part on The Gazetteer of Scotland by Rev. John Wilson (1882) Published by W. & A.K. Johnstone, Edinburgh
References
Related Reading
Graham-Campbell, James and Batey, Colleen E. (1998) Vikings in Scotland: An Archaeological Survey (Edinburgh University Press.)
Jakobsen Jakob (1936) The Dialect and Place Names of Shetland (David Nutt, London)
Stewart, John (1987) Shetland Collection of Place-names (Shetland Library and Museum, Lerwick)
External links
St. Mary's Chapel, Sand
Sandsting History Group
Shetland Parish Map
Parishes of Shetland
Thing (assembly)
Mainland, Shetland
The Rensselaer Polytechnic is the student-run news organization of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Prior to 2018, it was published in print every Wednesday during the Institute's fall and spring academic calendars (except during holiday and examination periods), but now publishes online at , following the same schedule.
Organization
About The Polytechnic
The Rensselaer Polytechnic, which is also called The Polytechnic or The Poly, was founded in 1869; however, The Poly has only been publishing continuously since 1885. It marked its 125th year of service to the RPI community during the fall of 2008.
In addition to regular issues, The Poly has historically published a parody issue each semester and an elections issue that endorses student government candidates and provides profiles of registered candidates for all levels of student government. The Poly has also produced several special inserts throughout the year in the past, including the Club Directory, Troy Business Guide, men's and women's hockey previews, and Grand Marshal Week recap.
Distribution
The Polytechnic had a circulation of 6,000, then 3,000, with most of the copies distributed on campus to areas including the Rensselaer Union, dining halls, and academic buildings. The Poly was also delivered to the Rensselaer Technology Park, downtown Troy, and Russell Sage College in the past. As of September 19, 2018, The Poly is no longer distributed in print, as its Editorial Board unanimously voted to end the paper's regular printing schedule, instead focusing effort on online publication.
Financials
For much of the club's history The Polytechnic had one of the largest club budgets, funded entirely through advertising revenue without any subsidy from the Rensselaer Union.
Major sections
The Polytechnic is organized into four major sections.
News Includes In the Nation and World, Incident Blotter, Weird Off the Wire, and Rensselaer in Brief.
Editorial/Opinion Includes staff editorials, staff notebooks, Top Hat, Derby, letters to the editor, and President's Corner.
Feature Includes reviews and articles on campus or area events.
Sport Includes round ups.
Parodies
In 1980-81 a parody of The Poly, named The Folly, was published and distributed anonymously across the campus. Typical of the humor was the 'Sports In Brief' section featuring a scantily clad person performing yoga.
External links
The Rensselaer Polytechnic web site
Cover of issue from 1885
References
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Student newspapers published in New York (state)
Osteochilus sondhii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Myanmar. It is sometimes considered conspecific with Labeo dyocheilus.
Named in honor of geologist Ved Pall Sondhi (1903-1989), Geological Survey of India, who collected the type specimen.
References
Taxa named by Sunder Lal Hora
Taxa named by Dev Dev Mukerji
Fish described in 1934
Osteochilus
is the second full-length studio album by Japanese recording artist Kyary Pamyu Pamyu, release on June 26, 2013, by Warner Music Japan. The album debuted at number one in the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart, becoming the first chart topper release of Kyary's career as well as the first Yasutaka Nakata-produced album to do so since Perfume's JPN in 2011.
"Kimi ni 100 Percent" was used as the 15th opening theme for the 1992–Present anime series Crayon Shin-chan and "Ninja Re Bang Bang" was used for the 2016 American film Sing.
Background and release
The title of the album is an invented portmanteau of the expression "nanda kore" (なんだこれ), meaning "what's this?" in Japanese, and . The album was preceded by the release of the singles "Fashion Monster", "Kimi ni 100 Percent", "Furisodation", "Ninja Re Bang Bang" and "Invader Invader", which have all peaked within the top five of the Billboard Japan Hot 100.
The two songs on the album, "Kurakura" (くらくら) and "Noriko to Norio" (のりことのりお) were used in commercials for KFC's Krushers and the mobile phone company au, respectively.
The album was announced on May 23, 2013, in two editions: a regular edition and a limited edition which comes with a bonus DVD containing the music videos for the lead singles. Two cover arts for the album were revealed on the same day. The regular edition cover is a "couple" shot of Pamyu Pamyu with a puppet styled after her, while the limited edition cover shows her covered in peacock feathers. Pamyu Pamyu commented, "[...] It would make so happy if the picture for the limited edition made you mutter, 'What the!?'"
The album debuted at number one in Japan and performed strongly around the globe. In the United States, the album debuted at number 2 on the Billboard Top World Albums chart, the chart that tracks the best-selling world music albums in the US. In Taiwan, the album debuted in the Top 10 of the G-Music J-Pop Albums Chart. Upon its release internationally, the album topped the iTunes charts of several countries and within the Top 10 and Top 20 of numerous others.
Reception
Online webzine Pitchfork Media awarded the album a 6.6 out of 10, stating that the album "isn't for everyone" and that "If you can handle the barrage of synthesizer marching bands, PS1-era video game noises, and Kyary's overwhelming kawaii-ness, Nanda Collection is a fascinating listen." Tinymixtapes awarded the album 4 out of 5, writing "Nanda Collection is not simply J-pop par excellence. It is J-pop personified. It is a multi-faceted, hyperdimensional prism simultaneously articulating, parodying, and problematizing a genre, a moment, a culture. Which is why we ought to be paying particular attention."
Promotion
Nanda Collection World Tour
In September 2013, Kyary announced her second world tour from February until June 2014, showcasing the album. The tour dates of the North American leg were sold out in February 2014. The world tour featured her debut concert in Australia and Germany.
Track listing
Charts
Oricon
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Yasutaka Nakata – written, played, arranged, produced, recorded, mixed, mastered
Steve Nakamura – art director, designer
Takeshi Hanzawa – photographer
Shinji Konishi – hair, make-up
Kumiko Iijima – stylist
Keiko Nakayama – prop character
Tadashi Matsuyama, Masayo Kuroda – products coordinator
Yusuke Nakagawa, Kei Ishizaka – executive producer
Tsuyoshi Ishii – general producer
Ryoma Suzuki – label head
Satoru Yamazaki – artist management
Harumi Ito – a&r
References
2013 albums
Albums produced by Yasutaka Nakata
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu albums
Unborde albums
The 82nd Scripps National Spelling Bee took place between May 26–28, 2009 in Washington, D.C.
Competition
There were a record 293 spellers this year (the all-time record until the Bee's rules greatly expanded the field in 2018). 41 spellers made it to the final day of competition on Thursday.
The winner was Kavya Shivashankar. Her winning word was Laodicean. She was sponsored by The Olathe News. She won $35,000 in cash and more than $5,000 in prizes. The runners-up were Aishwarya Pastapur, who misspelled menhir, and Tim Ruiter, who misspelled Maecenas. This was Kavya's fourth appearance in the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Six of the top ten spellers, including the winner, were Indo-American.
The standings were as follows:
1. Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe, Kansas.
2. (tie) Tim A. Ruiter of Centreville, Virginia.
2. (tie) Aishwarya Eshwar Pastapur of Springfield, Illinois.
4. Kyle M. Mou of Peoria, Illinois.
5. (tie) Anamika Veeramani of North Royalton, Ohio
5. (tie) Kennyi Kwaku Aouad of Terre Haute, Indiana.
5. (tie) Ramya Auroprem of San Jose, California.
8. (tie) Neetu Chandak of Seneca Falls, New York.
8. (tie) Sidharth Chand of Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
8. (tie) Serena Skye Laine-Lobsinger of West Palm Beach, Florida.
11. Tussah Heera Adi of Las Vegas, Nevada.
TV coverage
The Championship Finals aired live on ABC from 8:00 PM to shortly after 10:00 p.m. EDT and were hosted by Tom Bergeron.
Word list championship round
See also
List of Scripps National Spelling Bee champions
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
2009 in American television
2000s American television specials
Scripps National Spelling Bee
2009 in education
May 2009 events in the United States
The 1985 Texas–Arlington Mavericks football team was an American football team that represented the University of Texas at Arlington in the Southland Conference during the 1985 NCAA Division I-AA football season. In their second year under head coach Chuck Curtis, the team compiled a 4–6–1 record. At the conclusion of the season on November 25, UTA President Wendell Nedderman announced the football program was to be discontinued citing financial concerns.
Schedule
References
Texas–Arlington
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football seasons
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football
Napamus is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least two described species in Napamus, found in the Palearctic. Recently, all the information related to genus was published.
Species
These two species belong to the genus Napamus:
Napamus vipio (Reinhard, 1880)
Napamus zomborii Papp, 1993
References
Microgastrinae
Concepción Silva Belinzon was an Uruguayan writer, she was born in Montevideo in 1903 and died on November 2, 1987. She was characterized primarily by writing volumes of poetry. In her sonnets she wrote both, as in Sapphic ode and lira, making an abusive use of rhyme. She began publishing in the early 1940s, and her first book was "The return of the Samaritan woman." She was religious in nature.
References
Uruguayan women writers
1903 births
1987 deaths
20th-century Uruguayan poets
Uruguayan women poets
Writers from Montevideo
20th-century Uruguayan women writers
Two human polls comprised the 1954 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 29, at the end of the 1954 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
Final Coaches' Poll
The final UP Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on November 29.
UCLA received 21 of the 35 first-place votes; Ohio State received eleven, and one each to Oklahoma, Notre Dame, and Navy.
The NCAA record book lists USC, Maryland, and Georgia Tech in a tie for 11th place, while contemporary sources list them in 11th, 12th, and 13th respectively.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pacific Coast (later AAWU / Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
References
College football rankings
Kingman Museum is a natural history museum and planetarium located at 175 Limit Street, on the grounds of Leila Arboretum, in Battle Creek, Michigan, United States. Its mission is to promote an understanding and appreciation of the natural world, the universe, and human cultures.
The museum's collections include several thousand artifacts, many of which are displayed in permanent and temporary exhibitions. The vast majority of the collection, however, is in storage. In 2007 the museum received a grant from the Institute of Museum and Library Services to physically inventory and catalog every item in its collection, scheduled for completion in August 2009.
Some of the museum's highlights include its paleontology and geology specimens, animal taxidermy mounts, a preserved human embryo and fetus exhibit, and Native American artifacts.
The museum also has numerous rare items in its collection, including two specimens of the critically-endangered imperial woodpecker (Campephilus imperialis). Only 120 museum specimens of the bird are known to exist in the world. Since there are no known photographs or recordings of a living imperial woodpecker, these specimens are the only records ornithologists have to study and understand the species.
In 2008 Kingman Museum added a Digistar 3 fulldome projector system to its planetarium. It is one of only 61 installations worldwide and the only one in southwest Michigan.
Kingman is a member museum of the Association of Science-Technology Centers and participates in the membership passport program.
External links
Official Website
1934 establishments in Michigan
Association of Science-Technology Centers member institutions
Battle Creek, Michigan
History museums in Michigan
Museums established in 1934
Museums in Calhoun County, Michigan
Natural history of Michigan
Natural history museums in Michigan
Paleontology in Michigan
Planetaria in the United States
Scoliopus hallii, the Oregon fetid adderstongue, is a plant species endemic to western Oregon. It is closely related to the California fetid adderstongue, Scoliopus bigelovii, but has yellow flowers with thin purple stripes rather than the purple flowers with yellow stripes as in S. bigelovii
References
Liliaceae
Flora of Oregon
Plants described in 1879
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Sergio Martínez (8 September 1943 – 2 October 1979) was a Cuban cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team pursuit events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1943 births
1979 deaths
Cuban male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Cuba
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Havana
Tommy Davidsson (born 9 September 1952) is a former Swedish footballer and manager. He made 168 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF. He is now working within the Djurgårdens IF youth department.
References
Swedish footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Hammarby Fotboll managers
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll non-playing staff
1952 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Swedish football managers
Leroy Matlock (March 12, 1907 - February 6, 1968) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues. He played from 1929 to 1938 with several teams. He was selected to the 1935 and the 1936 East-West All-Star Game. Matlock was considered one of the top left handed pitchers of the 1930s.
At age 45, Matlock received votes listing him on the 1952 Pittsburgh Courier player-voted poll of the Negro leagues' best players ever.
He is listed as buried in the Elmhurst Cemetery in St. Paul, Minnesota.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball and Mexican League stats and Seamheads
1907 births
1968 deaths
Homestead Grays players
St. Louis Stars (baseball) players
Pittsburgh Crawfords players
Baseball players from Missouri
Burials in Minnesota
People from Moberly, Missouri
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Baseball pitchers
Phetsmone Sonnavanh (born 2 February 1966) is a Laotian boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Laotian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Laos
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
Hasanlar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 32 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Plaça d'Espanya (; ) is one of Barcelona's most important squares, built on the occasion of the 1929 Barcelona International Exposition, held at the foot of Montjuïc, in the Sants-Montjuïc district.
Features
One of the city's biggest squares, it is the junction of several major thoroughfares: Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, Avinguda del Paral·lel, Carrer de la Creu Coberta and Carrer de Tarragona, and leads to the Palau Nacional through Avinguda de la Reina Maria Cristina, which houses one of Catalonia's finest museums, the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya (MNAC). It was designed by Josep Amargós. The fountain at the centre of the square was designed by Josep Maria Jujol, a collaborator of Antoni Gaudí, while Miquel Blay designed the statues. The buildings were designed by Nicolau Maria Rubió i Tudurí.
Venetian Towers - they are 47 m (154 ft) tall and lead the way to the MNAC via Avinguda de la Reina Maria Cristina, an avenue commonly used to host trade fairs.
Fira de Barcelona
Parc de Joan Miró - previously known as Parc de l'Escorxador (Abattoir Park), it is nowadays named after the Catalan painter Joan Miró, whose 22-metre-tall statue Dona i Ocell (Woman and Bird) can be seen in one of its corners.
Arenas de Barcelona, a bullring - It was built in 1900 in the Moorish Revival style and has been converted into a shopping center.
History
The square was built on a site that had been previously used for public hangings, until the creation of the now demolished Ciutadella fortress in 1715, where the gallows were moved. It was designed in 1915 and built in 1929 so that it could be ready to host the 1929 Universal Exposition. The square has been in public use since then.
Transport
Plaça d'Espanya is also a major transport hub that serves most parts of the Metropolitan Area of Barcelona.
Metro
Espanya (L1, L3, L8)
Bus
Line 7 Diagonal Mar - Maria Cristina
Line 9 Pl. Catalunya - Pg. Zona Franca
Line 13 Mercat de St. Antoni - Can Clos
Line 23 Pl. Espanya - Parc Logístic
Line 27 Pl. Espanya - Roquetes
Line 30 Pl. Espanya - Sarrià
Line 34 Sarrià - Virrei Amat
Line 36 Paral·lel - -Can Drago
Line 37 Hospital Cínic - Zona Franca
Line 43 Les Corts - Sant Adrià
Line 46 Pl. Espanya - Aeroport
Line 50 Montjuïc - Trinitat Nova
Line 56 Collblanc - Besòs / Verneda
Line 57 Barcelona (Pg. Marítim) - Cornellà (Estació busos)
Line 61 Poble Sec - Parc de Montjuïc
Line 68 Poble Sec - Parc de Montjuïc
Line 79 Pl. Espanya - Av. Carrilet (M)
Line 80 Barcelona (Pl. Espanya) - Gavà (Av. Joan Carles II)
Line 81 Barcelona (Pl. Espanya) - Gavà (Av. Joan Carles II)
Line 91 Rambles - Bordeta
Line 153 Barcelona - Cornellà
Line 157 Pg. Marítm - Sant Joan Despí
Line 193 Pl. Espanya - C. Montjuïc
Night bus
Line N0 Pl. Portal de la Pau - Pl. Portal de la Pau
Line N1 Zona Franca (Mercabarna) - Pl. Catalunya - Roquetes (Aiguablava)
Line N2 Hospitalet (Av. Carrilet) - Badalona (Via Augusta)
Line N14 Barcelona (Rda. Universitat) - Castelldefels (Centre Vila)
Line N15 Barcelona (Pl. Portal de la Pau) - Sant Joan Despí (Rbla. Josep Maria Jujol)
Line N16 Barcelona (Rda. Universitat) - Castelldefels (Bellamar)
Line N17 Pl. Catalunya - Aeroport
Train
Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya
Metro del Baix Llobregat
R5/R50 Manresa-Baixador
R6/R60 Igualada
S3 Can Ros
S4 Olesa de Montserrat
S8 Martorell-Enllaç
S9 Quatre Camins
L8 Molí Nou
See also
Urban planning of Barcelona
External links
Barcelona.cat
FiraBcn.es
Plazas in Barcelona
Sants-Montjuïc
Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes
World's fair architecture in Barcelona
1929 Barcelona International Exposition
World's fair sites in Barcelona
Franjo Jakovac (born 24 January 1961) is a Croatian biathlete. He competed in the relay event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Croatian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Yugoslavia
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Primorje-Gorski Kotar County
Brother Martin: Servant of Jesus (1942) is a race film written and directed by Spencer Williams. The film was produced in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on the grounds of St. Monica Catholic Church. It featured an all-black cast and was produced exclusively for exhibition in U.S. cinemas serving African American communities. It was among a number of religious-themed feature films created by Williams during the 1940s, who also wrote and directed The Blood of Jesus (1941) and Go Down, Death! (1944).
Preservation status
No archive or private collection is known to have a print of Brother Martin: Servant of Jesus, and it is now believed to be a lost film.
See also
List of lost films
References
External links
1942 films
Race films
Lost American films
Films directed by Spencer Williams
Films about Christianity
1942 drama films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
1940s lost films
Lost drama films
1940s American films
Ash Sakula Architects is a small architecture practice based in London, founded in 1996. The practice is known for projects that are community-focused, environmentally sustainable and materials-driven.
Ash Sakula was formed by architects Cany Ash and Robert Sakula. Ash previously worked for the Greater London Council and Burrell Foley Fischer, and in Berlin and New York. She is an external examiner for Cambridge University. Sakula graduated from Liverpool University before working for Sir Clough Williams-Ellis, David Lea and DEGW Architects.
Key projects and awards
Birdwing Conservatory, London (1997) - the smallest project to ever win a Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) Award.
Leicester Creative Business Depot, Leicester - RIBA East Midland Award winner, 2005.
Hothouse, Hackney, London - RIBA London Award and Civic Trust Award, 2009.
Chapter Arts Centre, Cardiff (2009) - RIBA Wales Award 2010.
The Malings, Newcastle (2014) - Lord Mayor's Design Awards Category Winner 2018, RIBA Award for Architecture 2017, Housing Design Awards Supreme Winner 2016, RICS Regeneration and Residential Awards 2016
Wickside Regeneration Masterplan (2017) - New London Architecture Awards winner: Masterplans & Area Strategies 2017, New London Architecture Awards winner: Overall winner 2017, New London Architecture Awards winner: Mixed Use Unbuilt 2017, Mipim Future Project Awards 2015 (collaboration with BUJ Architects)
References
External links
Ash Sakula
People of the Malings
Architecture firms based in London
Design companies established in 1996
The Manitoba Arts Council (MAC; ) is a provincial crown corporation whose purpose is to promote the arts. The Council awards grants to professional artists and arts organizations in Manitoba in all art forms; it also provides related creative activity such as arts education.
The Council was founded in 1965 with the passage of An Act to Establish The Manitoba Arts Council and incorporated in 1967. (It now operates under the terms of The Arts Council Act.) Remaining at arm's-length from the Government of Manitoba, it is funded by the Manitoba Sport, Culture and Heritage and reports annually to the Provincial Legislature through the Minister of Sport, Culture and Heritage in its annual report.
Governance
Today, the Council operates under the terms of The Arts Council Act, which was amended in 2017. Remaining at arm's-length from the Government of Manitoba, it is funded by the Manitoba Sport, Culture and Heritage and reports annually to the Provincial Legislature through the Minister of Sport, Culture and Heritage in its annual report.
The Manitoba Arts Council consists of 9 board members who are appointed for a term by the Lieutenant-Governor-in-Council. The Executive Director is hired by the Council to carry out its policies and oversee operations.
Manitoba Arts Award of Distinction
The Manitoba Arts Award of Distinction is a CA$30,000 prize awarded every second year to an artist or arts professional for "artistic excellence and contribution to the development of the arts in Manitoba."
Recipients are selected by a multidisciplinary panel from nominations submitted by the community. The award process is administered and funded by the Council. Initially awarded annually, the award is now awarded biennially.
Prizes in the Arts
Four $10,000 Prizes in the Arts are awarded every two years, opposite of the Manitoba Arts Award of Distinction, recognizing artists or groups working in Manitoba in four categories:
The Connecting Creative Communities Prize
The Emerging Excellence Prize
The Indigenous Full Circle Prize
The Rural Recognition Prize
Recipients are selected by a multidisciplinary panel from nominations submitted by the community. The award process is administered and funded by the Council.
Operations and grants
In the 2019/20 fiscal year, the Council funded 525 arts organizations and artistic projects, which made for a total of CA$8.3 million.
The following is the number of MAC-funded projects by region, per 10,000 population:
Northern Manitoba (NorMan), 4.5
Parkland, 2.6
Interlake, 3.2
Westman, 2.6
Central Plains, 2.9
Pembina Valley, 2.8
Eastman, 1.6
Winnipeg, 3.0
The Council's "Indigenous 360" funding stream offers three granting programs that support professional Indigenous artists, arts/cultural professionals, Knowledge Keepers, art groups, and organizations from Manitoba. In the fall of 2018, the Council began collecting information on the background and identity of individual applicants—this includes Indigenous, visible minorities, females, non-binary, and Francophone applicants, as well as applicants who live with a disability or mental illness or who are deaf.
*Special operating grant disbursed on behalf of Manitoba Sports, Culture, and Heritage.
References
External links
The Arts Council Act
Arts councils of Canada
Crown corporations of Manitoba
Culture of Manitoba
Vijay Armstrong (born 2 January 1976) is an Indian cinematographer, who has worked in the Tamil film industry. After making his debut with Pugaippadam (2010), he has worked on films including Thottal Thodarum (2015) and Charles's Azhagu Kutti Chellam (2016).
Career
Vijay had initially enrolled in a law degree but changed his career became a photo journalist for the Vikatan Group, before working as a Graphic and Web Designer for Digit Net Communications in Bangalore. Interested in pursuing a career as a cinematographer, he assisted in the camera teams of films including Autograph, Yaaradi Née Mohini, Varalaru and Final Cut of Director. He consequently worked as an independent cinematographer in ad films, working for over fifty brands, and then worked on assignments for documentaries including the BBC documentary about PT Usha and another one for the ILO.
In 2009, he got his first big break as a cinematographer for Rajesh Lingam's Pugaippadam (2010), after which he worked on Maathi Yosi (2010). He subsequently worked on Raja Guru's Ondipuli and Gopi's Karuppar Nagaram featuring Akhil, both of which did not have a theatrical release. He also used practical lights instead of the traditional film set lighting in the web series Nila Nila Odi Vaa.
Filmography
Pugaippadam (2010)
Maathi Yosi (2010)
Thottal Thodarum (2015)
Azhagu Kutti Chellam (2016)
Buddhan Yesu Gandhi (2016)
Nila Nila Odi Vaa (2018)
Television
Nila Nila Odi Vaa (2018)
References
External links
http://blog.vijayarmstrong.com/
https://www.facebook.com/armstrong.vijay
Living people
Artists from Chennai
Cinematographers from Tamil Nadu
Tamil film cinematographers
1976 births
The Wolf Brigade (), since 2006 officially Freedom Brigade, is a unit of roughly 2,000 special commando police officially under the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior.
History
Formation
The Special Police Commandos were an elite counter-insurgency unit answering to the Ministry of the Interior. In June 2004, the CPA transferred sovereignty to the Iraqi Interim Government. Under the new prime minister, Ayad Allawi, the CPA appointed a new interior minister, Falah Hassan al-Naqib.
Al-Naqib sought to provide the MOI with effective Iraqi constabulary forces after the poor performance of the police in battles against Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's Mahdi Army. Al-Naqib created "commando units" of former soldiers from elite units such as Saddam's Republican Guard.
These units, commanded by al-Naqib's uncle, Adnan Thabit, a former army general, were personally loyal to the minister. The commandos were raised initially without U.S. involvement, were under MOI control, and were outside the U.S. Civilian Police Assistance Training Team (CPATT) assistance program. The U.S. military provided arms and logistical support to these units, which proved effective under Minister al-Naqib's stewardship in fighting alongside U.S. forces against Sunni insurgents and Shiite militias.
The unit was "formed" (or at least publicly revealed) in September 2004 and numbers about 5,000 officers. Its principal U.S. advisor (Counselor) was Colonel James Steele, who also commanded the U.S. Military Advisory Group in El Salvador from 1984 through 1986. It was initially under the command of a former three-star Shia general and SCIRI official who went under the nom de guerre of Abu Walid, but whose real name was Mohammad Qureshi.
The unit was often seen alongside US forces, particularly in Baghdad and Mosul, with the unit fighting in Mosul alongside US and Kurdish forces in November 2004. US forces in Samarra handed their captives over to the Wolf Brigade for "further questioning" following repeated raids in 2004 and 2005. A complaint report from the leaked Iraq War Logs alleges in one case that "During the interrogation process the RO [ranking officer] threatened the subject detainee that he would never see his family again and would be sent to the 'Wolf Battalion' where he would be subject to all the pain and agony that the 'Wolf Battalion' is known to exact upon its detainees."
By late 2005 the Brigade was approximately 2,000-strong and operated with impunity. The unit was officially under the command of the then interior minister, Ibrahim al-Jafari, who became prime minister in April 2005 for 12 months as sectarian violence massively escalated.
Operations
In May 2006 Nouri al-Maliki replaced Jafari as prime minister and pledged to crack down on the Wolf Brigade and any other units seen to be carrying out sectarian agendas, however by then most of the Brigades leaders had fled or been killed.
In November 2006, the brigade fought alongside U.S.-led forces in Mosul, a Sunni stronghold northwest of Baghdad.
In December 2009, the Wolf Brigade won a good reputation after the success of Terrorism in the Grip of Justice, a primetime show on al-Iraqiya television that featured live interrogations of Iraqi insurgents by Wolf Brigade commandos and was praised in the war log database. In one episode, Abu Walid questioned around thirty shabbily dressed suspects, some clutching photos of their victims, waiting to confess their crimes.
Structure
The unit was almost exclusively Shiite, and drew many of its recruit from the impoverished Shia slums of Sadr city in Baghdad. Members of the Brigade were reportedly paid as much as 700,000 Iraqi dinars, or $400, per month; a large sum in Iraqi terms. Many of the units personnel were members of the Badr Brigade.
The Special Police Commando units later formed under the Dawa and SCIRI transitional government in 2005 were based on the model provided by the Wolf Brigade.
Its members dress in garb — olive uniform, red beret, wraparound sunglasses — redolent of Saddam's elite guard; their armband logo is a menacing-looking wolf.
Human Rights Abuses
In May, the Sunni-controlled Muslim Scholars Association and other Sunni Arab leaders accused the Wolf Brigade of targeting Palestinian refugees in Iraq, using torture to extract confessions from prisoners, raiding Sunni homes, and engaging in "mass killings" and arrests in northeastern Baghdad. Walid denies the charges. Yet human rights groups say the Wolf Brigade, because of its counterterrorism television show, is violating the Geneva Conventions by publicly humiliating detainees. The militia has also spawned copycat groups, not necessarily under the aegis of the Interior Ministry, with names like the Tiger, Scorpion, or Snake brigades.
It is alleged that Abu al-Walid sometimes tortured prisoners personally.
The Wolf Brigade was reportedly responsible for the July seizure of eleven Sunni bricklayers who were then locked in the back of police cars and held for sixteen hours in scorching-hot temperatures.
Popular culture
The brigade's fierceness has given it a mythological aura among Shiite Iraqis: Parents are said to warn their children about the "wolves". There are also patriotic songs devoted to the group.
The Wolf Brigade become closely and publicly associated with detainee and other human rights abuses. There were numerous accounts of human rights violations being carried out by the Wolf Brigade in areas where the Brigade did not operate. Accounts became so widespread that over time, the Wolf Brigade became largely synonymous with the Iraqi police.
Claims of Escape of Abu al-Walid
On June 22, 2014, a sectarian Iraq TV channel al-Taghier exclusively reported pictures of Wolf Brigade's commander Abu al-Walid escaping to Kurdistan. The televised pictures showed Abu al-Walid among several Kurdish people, shying his face and looking down most of the time. He was still wearing his military outfit. A day later, the Official Spokesman for Baghdad Operations Qasim Atta denied the forthcoming news, mentioning his simultaneous visit with Abu al-Walid while news of escape were reported. However, the denial was later proved wrong by close parties to Masoud Barzani and Jalal Talabani claiming Abu al-Walid's presence in Kurdistan. A video posted on June 24 by multiple YouTubers showed a person claimed to be Abu al-Walid in Kurdistan, being at the same settings the photos were taken. Controversially, Abu al-Walid suddenly appeared in Afaq TV, a government-supported TV channel, in which he exposed all charges as false.
Beheaded on Iraqi TV
In late June 2016 an Islamic State execution video was released showing the beheading of General Mohammed Quareshi, aka General Abu al-Walid, former commander of the counter-insurgency force the Wolf Brigade.
See also
Iraq War documents leak
References
Iraqi insurgency (2003–2011)
Law enforcement in Iraq
Police misconduct
Human rights in Iraq
2004 establishments in Iraq
Military units and formations established in 2004
Azerbaijan competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Medalists
Delegation
The country sent a team of 25 athletes, 20 men and 5 women, along with 2 officials to the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
Competitors
Archery
Women
|-
|align=left|Zinyat Valiyeva
|align=left rowspan=2|Individual recurve open
|472
|31
|align="center"| L 0-6
|colspan=4|Did not advance
|17
|}
Athletics (track and field)
Men's Track
Men's Field
Woman 's
Javelin Throw
Track events
Key
Note–Ranks given for track events are within the athlete's heat only
DSQ = Disqualified
DNS = Did not start
DNF = Did not finish
Q = Qualified for the next round
q = Qualified for the next round as the fastest loser
WR = World record
PR = Paralympic record
RR = Regional record
NR = National record
N/A = Round not applicable for the event
Bye = Athlete not required to compete in round
Judo
With one pathway for qualification being having a top finish at the 2014 IBSA Judo World Championships, Azerbaijan earned a qualifying spot in Rio base on the performance of Bayram Mustafayev in the men's -66 kg event. The B3 Judoka finished first in his class. Ramil Gasimov gave his country a second spot after the B2 judoka won the men's -73kg class.
Men
Women
Powerlifting
Shooting
Swimming
Men
See also
Azerbaijan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Azerbaijani sport
Porus may refer to:
King Porus, an ancient Indian ruler who fought against Alexander the Great
Porus (Attica), a deme of ancient Attica
Porus (mythology), either of two related mythological figures in Greek classical literature or a third in Roman mythology
Porus (TV series), a TV series in India based on the mythology of Porus and Alexander
Porus, Jamaica, a village in Manchester, Jamaica
Halpe porus, a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae
Dabasa porus, a butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae
Porus acusticus internus, the opening of the canal in the skull that carries nerves from inside the cranium towards the middle and inner ear compartments
The Porus Islands in the Pemadumcook Chain of Lakes
Tan Porus, a character in the Isaac Asimov short story Homo Sol
Strator Porus, an agent of the New Canaanites, a despotic regime from the X-Men comic series
Porus F.C., a football club on the list of football clubs in Jamaica
Professor Porus Vesuna, head of the Department of Psychiatry at Baroda Medical College
Typhlodromus porus, a mite on the list of Phytoseiidae species
See also
Poros (disambiguation)
DOS is second solo concert by Filipino actor and singer Daniel Padilla, in served as his birthday party, and as support of his first full-length studio album, DJP. Held at the Smart Araneta Coliseum on April 30, 2014. The set list includes his songs from his album as well as another songs from featured artists
Concerts
Padilla held press conference for his concert on March 27, 2014. He revealed that the concept of this concert will be sexier than the first one.
Wearing a white shirt, a black biker jacket and a pair of denim pants, Padilla opened the show with his hit song “Nasa Iyo Na Ang Lahat,” from the double platinum-selling album, “DJP.” Padilla continued with “Yugyugan Na,” Michael Buble's “Everything,” Rivermaya's “Liwanag sa Dilim” (with Khalil Ramos) and The Beatles' “Something.” As in his previous concert, Daniel performed a set of mostly old songs—Otis Redding's “Hard to Handle,” The Police's “Every Breath You Take” (with Toni Gonzaga) and “I Got You (I Feel Good)” Daniel also sang “In My Life” with his mother, Karla Estrada. Even not made into the guest list, Vice Ganda came up to the stage asked by Padilla's mom Karla. He was cheered on with screams of approval as he played bass for his group Parking 5, which dished out the Juan de la Cruz Band's “Titser's Enemy No. 1.” And in what turned out to be a highlight of the show, he shared the spotlight with one of his idols, rock star Rico Blanco, in “Umaaraw, Umuulan”, “Awit ng Kabataan”. Allan Policarpio of Philippine Daily Inquirer praised Padilla renditions of “The Way You Look Tonight” and “It Might Be You” as he wrote "To be fair, Daniel did surprisingly pleasant renditions..". Padilla serenading Bernardo with “Put Your Head on My Shoulder,” and did slow dance. Padilla and Bernardo sang “Got to Believe in Magic,” soundtrack of their popular TV series, “Got to Believe.”
His most applauded performances include his version of "It Might Be You," "Everything," and "Ligaya." The concert also featured Richard Yap, and Rio Brothers.
In media
This concert streamed live via Sky Cable's pay per view services in the Philippines.
Set list
Concert dates
Guests
Personnel
Artists: Daniel Padilla
Concert organizer: ABS-CBN
Concert promoter: Star Events
References
Daniel Padilla concert tours
2013 concerts
Karacadağ is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 99 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Sin on Saturday was a British live, late-night chat show based on the theme of the seven deadly sins. It was produced by BBC Scotland, but it was pulled from the schedules after only three broadcasts. Originally, the show was to broadcast eight episodes. The first seven were to be based on each of the deadly sins, and the eighth one intended to round off the series by talking about being caught sinning.
The show was hosted by Bernard Falk and also featured comedy sketches and musical interludes. It included a memorable appearance by the actor Oliver Reed who interrupted an interview with a nun on the edition entitled 'Lust', which also featured porn actress Linda Lovelace.
In 1992 the show was featured on a 'TV Hell' theme night broadcast on BBC2.
Cast
Bernard Falk – Host
Robbie Coltrane
Elaine Loudon
Rod Natkiel – Director
Episode List
Episode 1. Lust – Aired 7 August 1982
Episode 2. Covetousness – Aired 14 August 1982
Episode 3. Envy – Aired 21 August 1982
At the end of the third episode, it was announced that the fourth episode was to be on gluttony. However it never aired.
References
External links
'The Independent' article – by Mark Lawson
BBC Television shows
BBC television talk shows
1982 British television series debuts
1982 British television series endings
1980s British television talk shows
English-language television shows
Seven deadly sins in popular culture
Xenocalonectria is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae. It is a monotypic genus containing the sole species Xenocalonectria serpens.
References
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Monotypic Sordariomycetes genera
Dominik Hrbatý was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Joachim Johansson won the title, defeating Taylor Dent 7–5, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Section 1
Section 2
External links
Draw
Qualifying draw
Singles
John King Stack Jr. (February 13, 1884January 18, 1935) was a Michigan politician who served as Michigan Auditor General from 1933 to 1935.
Early life
Stack was born on February 13, 1884, in Escanaba, Michigan, to John King and Jane Ann Stack.
Political career
In 1928, Stack was an alternate delegate to the Democratic National Convention from Michigan. In 1930, Stack unsuccessfully ran for the position of Michigan Auditor General. He ran successfully for the same position in 1933. Stack unsuccessfully ran in the Democratic primary for the Governor of Michigan in 1934.
Death
Stack died in office on January 18, 1935. Stack is interred in the Holy Cross Cemetery in Escanaba.
References
1884 births
1935 deaths
People from Escanaba, Michigan
Michigan Auditors General
Michigan Democrats
Burials in Michigan
20th-century American politicians
The 2008 St. George Illawarra Dragons season was the 10th in the joint venture club's history. They competed in the NRL's 2008 Telstra Premiership and finished the regular season 7th out of 16 teams, being knocked out in the finals by eventual premiers, the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
NRL Telstra Premiership
Having failed to bring the club a premiership during his current tenure with the Dragons and coming off contract at the end of the year, Coach Nathan Brown has had heat on him from 2007 to bring the Dragons up and away from the bottom of the ladder. Since the start of the 2008 season, the Dragons have had, once again, loss after loss which has caused Peter Doust (Dragons CEO), to bring in a new coach in the case of Brisbane Broncos current coach Wayne Bennett for the 2009 season up until 2011. The Dragons started the 2008 season by winning the Mercury Challenge match against the Bulldogs 40–30 at WIN Stadium in Wollongong and winning their first Toyota Cup trial match against Bulldogs at 30–22. The following week the Dragons went down to the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the annual Charity Shield clash 24–20 at ANZ Stadium.
The club received a boost in May when former Union and League (Brisbane Broncos) star Wendell Sailor joined the team after a 2-year ban from professional sport in Australia due to his cocaine controversy. The Dragons started another year with disappointing results when they only won three times after 10 rounds, defeating the Gold Coast Titans in Round 2, the Sydney Roosters in Round 7 and the Melbourne Storm in Round 10 all with terrific results. On 23 May, the Dragons recorded their first back-to-back wins of the season when they defeated the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles at Brookvale Oval with a final score of 20–18.
The Dragons new winger Wendell Sailor made his NRL return in this match also sustaining a minor cheekbone injury. The club also signed South Sydney Rabbitohs player Ben Rogers from an immediate release to join the Dragons on 12 June but released Jason Ryles from his contract to join the Catalans Dragons in the Super League for 2009. Days later they signed New Zealand international and Melbourne Storm player Jeremy Smith for three seasons.
Their 7-game winning streak came to an end in Round 18 when they were defeated by the Canberra Raiders 19–12 at WIN Stadium for the Illawarra Heritage Match. On 15 July, it was announced that captain Mark Gasnier would not be returning after the end of the 2008 season to join the Stade Français Rugby Union team in France. The deal is worth around $1 million a year.
After 1 win in their last 5 games, the Dragons defeated the Brisbane Broncos at Suncorp Stadium with a 24–20 win. Then in Round 24, they defeated the New Zealand Warriors 34–6 at WIN Stadium, Wollongong to keep their finals hopes alive. The dragons were favoured to defeat the Roosters in round 26 to either finish fourth or fifth. They had been playing widespread open football and Mark Gasnier and Matt Cooper were carving up the opposition. In extremely wet conditions, the Roosters pack were more favoured to the conditions. They finished the regular season 7th place on the ladder which could have been 6th if they scored at least 2 points in their Round 26 match with the Sydney Roosters. They made it to the first week of the finals, but lost to the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles 34–6 at Brookvale Oval being eliminated from the Finals Series due to their lowly position in the Top 8.
The club went on a 'signing spree' purchasing Neville Costigan, Darius Boyd and Luke Priddis among others, but lost flyer Josh Morris (Bulldogs), Mark Gasnier (French Rugby), Jason Ryles (French league), Rangi Chase (ESL), Lagi Setu (Broncos) and Simon Woolford & Kirk Reynoldson with retirement.
2008 Match Results
*From Round 5 onwards, all games are in AEST.
Ladder
Gains and Losses
Gains
Losses
First Grade Signed Players
St George Illawarra Dragons has 31 signed players in first grade that play in the main competition.
Team Lineup
Line up for the Qualifying Finals vs. Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles:
Saturday, 13 September 2008 at 8:30pm AEST at Brookvale Oval, Sydney.
Last 9 are currently inactive due to injury, fulfilling other commitments, being used as "spares" or playing in lower grades. e.g. NSW Cup, Queensland Cup or Toyota Cup.
National Youth Competition (Toyota Cup Under 20s)
The Dragons U20s side were strong off from the start. For the Toyota Cup inaugural season, the Dragons Under-20s Side is coached by Steven Price. Before the regular season began, the Dragons won a Toyota Cup Trial match against the Bulldogs down at WIN Stadium in Wollongong. They started the regular season disappointing with a 34–22 loss to the Wests Tigers. However, the Dragons have not lost another match after that with 1 bye in their past leaving them on top of the Toyota Cup table, on 22 competition points. Their 10-match winning streak came to an end in Round 13 at WIN Stadium when they drew 22 all with the Brisbane Broncos. While the First Grade side continued their winning streak, the Under 20s were looking to start a losing streak as they were defeated back-to-back for the first time this year by the Penrith Panthers 28–26 in Round 15 at ANZ Stadium and 32-16 by the Gold Coast Titans at Skilled Park on the Gold Coast. They returned to the winners circle in Round 17 defeating the Newcastle Knights 26–18 at EnergyAustralia Stadium. In Round 18, straight after a fresh win, they once again lost a match this time against the Canberra Raiders 38–28 at WIN Stadium. They then had back and forth wins during the regular season keeping them in the top 8, struggling to keep their spot(s).
Toyota Cup signed players
The following 34 players are signed with the St. George Illawarra Dragons for the Toyota Cup.
Toyota Cup lineup
This is the Dragons' Toyota Cup weekly lineup.
Lineup for the Preliminary Finals vs. Canberra Raiders:
Friday, 26 September 2008 at 5:30 pm AEST at the Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney.
1 Interchange player to be omitted before game.
Last 6 are currently inactive due to injury, fulfilling other commitments, being used as "spares" or playing in the NSW Cup or the S.G. Ball Cup.
Ladder
References
St. George Illawarra Dragons seasons
St. George Illawarra Dragons season
Furkan Oruç (born 18 December 1996) is a Turkish male compound archer and part of the national team.
Private life
Furkan Oruç was born in Yalova, Turkey on 18 December 1996.
Sport career
Oruç is a member of Yalova Gençlik Hizmetleri Sports Club, where he is coached by Efrahim Canfes.
In 2016, he was admitted to Turkey national team. Oruç won the gold medal together with his teammates in the second leg of the 2021 Archery World Cup in Lausanne, Switzerland. Hetook the gold medal in the team event of the 2021 European Archery Championships held in Antalya, Turkey.
He won the silver medal in the men's team compound event at the 2022 European Indoor Archery Championships held in Laško, Slovenia.
He won the silver medal in the men's team compound event at the Laško, Slovenia event in the 2022 European Indoor Archery Championships.
References
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yalova
Turkish male archers
The Iraq babbler (Argya altirostris) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae, native to reed beds of the Tigris-Euphrates Valley. It is found in Iraq and south-western Iran.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Turdoides but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Argya.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Iraq babbler
Birds of the Middle East
Fauna of Iraq
Iraq babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Paris Boys Choir (Les Petits Chanteurs de Sainte-Croix de Neuilly) is a boys' choir created in 1956 at Collège Sainte-Croix de Neuilly in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine, France.
Louis Prudhomme founded the choir in 1956, as a revival to one of the Collège's oldest institutions: the Schola, an elite choir born at the same time as Sainte-Croix itself and much celebrated at the time by poet and alumnus Henry de Montherlant. Prudhomme significantly developed the choir's activities and built strong ties with the nascent Pueri Cantores federation, instituted by Monseigneur Maillet – the founder of Les Petits Chanteurs à la Croix de Bois – making it one France's utmost children's choirs.
In 1985, François Polgár – a Sainte-Croix alumnus who then successively became assistant director of Les Chœurs de l'Opéra de Paris and director of Le Chœur de Radio France – was asked by Prudhomme to succeed him. Faithful to his predecessor's philosophy and impetus, Polgár embarked the choir on a path of radical modernization. Les Petits Chanteurs de Sainte-Croix de Neuilly were redeployed into a "Maîtrise": a specially adapted curriculum was crafted at Sainte-Croix for boy pupils willing to practice intensive choir singing and live a unique experience based on music apprenticeship and teamwork, while pursuing regular academic studies.
The choir contributes to the Collège's milestone ceremonies and is at the heart of the students' musical experience. It makes frequent appearances in world-class festivals (Oxford, Aix-en-Provence, Auvers-sur-Oise, Wengen, etc.) and regularly performs great pieces with orchestra (Mozart's Requiem, Fauré's Requiem, Handel's Messiah, etc.). Its repertoire also includes a variety of a cappella liturgical and profane songs.
Every summer, The Paris Boys Choir go on tour, in France and around the world. They have performed in every region in France, and they have also sung including the US, the UK, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, Canada, numerous Eastern European countries.
François Polgár trained the actors of the movie Of Gods and Men who were to play monks in the Cistercian and Gregorian chants. French DJ and producer Martin Solveig was a soprano soloist in The Paris Boys Choir as he was a child, under the direction of François Polgár.
On its website, The Paris Boys Choir reassess the singer's mission statement: "Through our singing and our actions as 'Missionaries of Peace', we pledge to deepen our spiritual reflection and that of our public. Through our hard work, recordings and live performances, we seek ever improving musical quality and vow to contribute to the renewal of the French children's choir school."
See also
List of choirs
References
External links
The Paris Boys Choir - Petits chanteurs de Sainte-Croix de Neuilly
Institution Notre-Dame-de-Sainte-Croix
French choirs
Musical groups from Île-de-France
Choirs of children
Musical groups established in 1956
1956 establishments in France
Bowling at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games were held in Orchid Country Club, Singapore from 9 to 14 June 2015. Ten competitions were held in men's and women's singles, men's and women's doubles, men's and women's trios, men's and women's teams of five, and men's and women's masters.
Participating nations
A total of 75 athletes from seven nations are competing in bowling at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games:
Competition schedule
The following is the competition schedule for the bowling competitions:
Medal table
Medalists
Men
Note:Score for 2nd/3rd place.
Women
Note:
Cherie Tan of Singapore finished in third place, however, the bronze medal was awarded to Esther Cheah of Malaysia as no country is allowed to win all three medals on offer.
Shayna Ng of Singapore was ranked 2nd in qualification and qualified for stepladder finals, but was defeated by countrywoman Daphne Tan in the 2nd/3rd Place match. With Singapore bowlers finishing in top five positions in qualification, Tannya Roumimper of Indonesia, ranked 6th in qualification, was eventually awarded the bronze medal as no country is allowed to win all three medals on offer.
References
External links
2015
Southeast Asian Games
2015 Southeast Asian Games events
The fawn-breasted thrush (Zoothera machiki) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to the Tanimbar Islands in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
fawn-breasted thrush
Birds of the Tanimbar Islands
fawn-breasted thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Qeqertaq Heliport is a heliport in Qeqertaq, a village on an island off the shore of the Nuussuaq Peninsula in Avannaata municipality in western Greenland. The heliport is considered a helistop, and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Disko Bay region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day. Settlement flights in the Disko Bay and Aasiaat Archipelago regions are unique in that they are operated only during winter and spring. During summer and autumn, communication between settlements is by sea only, serviced by Diskoline.
References
Airports in the Arctic
Disko Bay
Heliports in Greenland
Gethin Jenkins (born 17 November 1980) is a Welsh former rugby union player. He won 129 international caps for Wales and five for the British & Irish Lions. Jenkins was the record cap holder for Wales until he was overtaken by Alun Wyn Jones on 29 September 2019. He is the sixth most-capped player in rugby union history and the most capped front row forward. He is one of a small group of Welsh players to have won three Grand Slams including Gerald Davies, Gareth Edwards, JPR Williams, Ryan Jones, Adam Jones and Alun Wyn Jones. On 31 October 2018 he announced his intention to retire after a final game for the Cardiff Blues against Zebre on Sunday 4 November 2018 following a recurring knee Injury.
After his successful playing career, he had a number of coaching positions at Cardiff Blues and Cardiff RFC. Following some poor performances by Wales in 2020, he joined Wayne Pivac's backroom staff in the role of Wales Assistant Coach focusing on Defence.
Early career
Educated at Llwyncrwn primary school and Bryn Celynnog Comprehensive School in Beddau, Jenkins first played rugby union aged 13 at Beddau RFC based in Pontypridd.
Club career
Jenkins played his Youth Rugby at Pontypridd and captained his side to Welsh Cup Victory in 1998. He became a regular first team player and was a key figure in highly successful 2000-2003 Pontypridd Team winning the final Principality Cup of the pre-regional era and narrowly losing to Sale Sharks in the final of the Parker Pen Shield competition. The 2002 Pontypridd forwards that Jenkins played alongside were the basis of the pack that led Wales to Grand Slam success in 2005, with ex-Pontypridd players making up 6 of the 8 forwards. Following the introduction of Welsh Regional Rugby, Jenkins joined the Celtic Warriors before signing for Cardiff Blues following the demise of the Celtic Warriors.
At the Cardiff Blues he won the Amlin Challenge Cup, and reached the Heineken Cup semi final. After an impressive World Cup 2011, his signature was hotly sought after with Bath, Perpignan and Toulon all chasing a deal for the prop. Jenkins joined French Top 14 side Toulon for the 2012-13 season.
Jenkins became the ninth Welshman to win a Heineken Cup with Toulon when he played as a replacement in the final against Clermont Auvergne. Jenkins is only the second Welsh player (along with Rob Howley) to win both European cups, after winning the Amlin Challenge Cup in 2010 with the Cardiff Blues and the Heineken Cup with Toulon in 2013.
International career
Wales
Jenkins made his first appearance for Wales against Romania in 2002. In the 2005 Six Nations Championship he was rated one of the greatest influences in Wales' Grand Slam winning side, scoring a memorable try against Ireland.
In November 2007 Jenkins was asked to captain Wales against South Africa by Welsh temporary coach Nigel Davies. His reign as captain would last just one game as in December Wales hired Warren Gatland as coach who gave the captaincy to Ryan Jones. However Jenkins kept his place in the squad solidifying himself as number one choice for the #1 jersey.
Jenkins captained Wales against Australia on 28 November 2009 following the withdrawal of regular captain Ryan Jones from the squad due to injury.
Jenkins captained Wales in their last game of the 2013 six nations championship in Cardiff. Wales defeated England 30-3 to win the Championship. On 30 November 2013 versus Australia Jenkins became the most capped forward for Wales, surpassing Pontypridd and Cardiff team-mate Martyn Williams record of 100 caps. On 15 March 2014 versus Scotland he became the most capped player for Wales, overtaking the record of 104 caps held by Stephen Jones.
Jenkins became the world's most capped prop forward ever on 29 August 2015 versus Ireland, overtaking the record of 119 caps held by Jason Leonard.
Gethin Jenkins took part in both the 2016 Six Nations and the Wales tour to New Zealand. Jenkins also captained Wales during the 2016 Autumn internationals.
British & Irish Lions
Jenkins was selected for the British & Irish Lions tour to New Zealand in 2005 and played in all three tests.
On 21 April 2009, Jenkins was named as a member of the British & Irish Lions for the 2009 tour to South Africa.
In June 2009 Jenkins, Adam Jones and Matthew Rees were selected as the British & Irish Lions front row for the second Test against South Africa. This was the first time an all-Welsh front row was selected for a Lions test match since Billy Williams, Bryn Meredith and Courtney Meredith on the 1955 Lions tour.
Jenkins was selected for the British & Irish Lions for the 2013 tour for the third time, but withdrew due to injury. He narrowly missed out on selection for the 2017 Tour to New Zealand following his knee injury issues.
International tries
Style
Jenkins usual position is loosehead prop but he has also played in the tighthead prop position. He was one of the "new-breed" of front-rows, known for his speed, fitness and turnover ability, however some criticism was made of his scrummaging at times during his career.
Despite his stern on-field persona, he was a well-respected and well-liked player, commonly referred to as "Melon".
Rugby league
Jenkins has also played rugby league, making regular appearances for Cardiff Demons in the late 1990s leading them to the 1998 Division Two Academy Grand Final.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) Cardiff profile
(archived by web.archive.org) Pontypridd profile
Wales profile
1980 births
Living people
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Cardiff Rugby players
Cardiff Demons players
People from Llantrisant
Pontypridd RFC players
RC Toulonnais players
Rugby league players from Rhondda Cynon Taf
Rugby union players from Rhondda Cynon Taf
Rugby union props
Wales international rugby union players
Wales rugby union captains
Welsh rugby league players
Welsh rugby union players
R v Steane (1947) was a decision of the English Court of Criminal Appeal examining the supplemental statutory words (requirement of) "with intent to assist the enemy" in criminal liability.
Facts
Jack Trevor (Steane) was an actor living in Germany leading into World War II with his wife and children. At the war's outbreak, he was arrested, assaulted and interned. He was then sent for by Joseph Goebbels, who asked him to broadcast in English on Germany's behalf. He initially refused but, being in fear of the fate of his family, relented. At the end of the war, he reported to the liberating forces and described his experiences to them. As a result, he appeared before Mr Justice Henn-Collins at the Central Criminal Court, charged with doing acts likely to assist the enemy with intent to assist the enemy contrary to Regulation 2A of the Defence (General) Regulations 1939, which bore a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.
The extent of broadcasting was not needed to be proven as was by admission. No expert evidence was adduced to show the broadcasts assisted the enemy or harmed the United Kingdom. It was argued by his defence team that his intention was not to assist the enemy but to secure the safety of his family.
He was convicted and sentenced to three years penal servitude.
Appeal
Goddard, CJ, sitting alone, considered intention, making it clear that the prosecution bore the burden of proving the specific intent required by the definition of the offence. This point had been settled by Woolmington v. DPP in 1935. Principles were cited but no authorities in his judgement. The pivotal dictum of hisif the prosecution prove an act the natural consequences of which would be a certain result ... then a jury may ... find that the prisoner is guilty of doing the act with the intent alleged ... but, if ... there is room for more than one view as to the intent of the prisoner ... (and) if they either think that the intent did not exist or they are left in doubt as to the intent, the prisoner is entitled to be acquitted.
Goddard also referred to duress as a possible defence but ruled that it was unnecessary to consider it because of the particular conditions pertaining while he was under the control of an enemy power. He said that an inference must be drawn that the defendant intended the natural consequences of his acts merely from the fact, on the facts, that he did them, but went on to say that this did not necessarily impute a guilty intent.
He decided the appeal decrying the trial judge's summing up jury instructions, stating that the various threats to which the defendant had been exposed were not adequately put to the jury and that as a result the jury may well have been left with the impression that, as a man must be taken to intend the natural consequence of his actions, these matters as to which he had given evidence were of no moment. and on this basis quashed the conviction.
Commentary
The decision has been analysed as of its own type and closely dependent upon the circumstances of the offence. In support a legal academic has published that applying too rigid a definition of intent/intention would remove "moral elbow-room" from the jury.
Much opprobrium is expressed that R v Steane on its face extends the traditional definition of criminal liability by adding a criterion of true or moral purpose to offences for which a specific intent must be shown (not just actus reus and mens rea).
In R v Howe, Bannister & Burke (R v Clarkson) conjoined appeals the highest domestic court held that co-murderers were liable even if they acted under a threat to their own lives, the idea of purpose being considered irrelevant, arguably obiter as the certified questions for the consecutive appeals were limited to duress — leave for such a question was denied from the senior courts as to any "oblique purpose" in the more common context of a set of facts of a violent offence.
If such leave is obtained for an offence where oblique purpose is morally defensible, such as broadcasting, or morally debatable such as in the scenario of unforeseen polluting, harming health over a long course of time in R v Cunningham, Steane's reasoning endures as a binding legal principle.
External links
"Film Actor For Trial." Times, London, England.
"Three Years For Aiding The Enemy." Times, London, England.
References
S
1947 in British law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1947 in case law
The Atwater-Linton House, also known historically as Appledore, is a historic house at 1804 State Street in Hamden, Connecticut. Built about 1781 by a descendant of one of the area's first settlers, it was the home of engraver and political activist William James Linton in the late 19th century. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Description and history
The Atwater-Linton House is located in southeastern Hamden, on the west side of State Street (United States Route 5), between Hyde and Benton Streets. Set farther back from the street than surrounding later construction, it is a -story Cape style wood-frame structure, with a side gable roof, central chimney, and clapboarded exterior. Two gabled dormers project from the front roof face, which extends beyond the facade to provide a porch space supported by modern iron supports. A hip-roof porch extends across part of the south-facing left side. Victorian trim has been applied to portions of the exterior. The interior of the house largely reflects a c. 1880 restyling.
The Atwater family were longtime owners of land in this area, with early settler David Atwater owning hundreds of acres in the 17th century. Jared Atwater, his descendant, had this house built not long after acquiring some of that land in 1781. It is believed to be the oldest standing house in the area associated with this family. It was leased in 1870 by Linton, a British wood-engraver and political activist, who named it "Appledore" after the apple orchard on the hill above. Linton was responsible for the Victorian alterations to the house. He lived here for thirty years, creating many wood-engravings, and engaging in correspondence with a wide array of literary and social figures.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven County, Connecticut
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in New Haven County, Connecticut
American colonial architecture
Gothic Revival architecture in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Hamden, Connecticut
Thomas Stephens (born 18 November 1969) is a Liberian boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
Liberian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Liberia
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
The men's pole vault event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 11 June in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Pole vaults at the African Championships in Athletics
Sabine C. Carey (born 1974) is a German political scientist.
Sabine C. Carey is currently Chair in Political Science IV at Universität Mannheim in Germany. She received master's degrees from the University of North Texas and Universität Konstanz and her Ph.D. from the University of Essex. She previously taught at the University of Nottingham and held a fellowship at the Institute for Quantitative Social Science at Harvard University. She has led a Working Group on Human Rights, Governance, and Conflict at the Peace Research Institute Oslo. Dr. Carey's research focuses primarily on the empirical analysis of various aspects of violent conflict, human rights violations and comparative democratization. She writes specifically about links between governance and repression.
Prizes, awards, and honors
Associate editor, American Political Science Review, 2016-2019
Associate editor, Journal of Peace Research, 2011-2017
Associate editor, International Interactions, 2014-
Editorial Boards: Journal of Peace Research, International Studies Quarterly, International Interactions, British Journal of Political Science, European Union Politics
Vice president, International Studies Association, 2011–2012
Program co-chair, International Studies Association Annual Meeting, 2009
Grant Recipient: European Research Council, European Commission, Economic and Social Research Council, Leverhulme Trust
Selected bibliography
The Politics of Human Rights (2010, with Mark Gibney and Steven C. Poe).
Protest, Repression, and Political Regimes: An Empirical Analysis of Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa (2009).
Understanding Human Rights Violations: New Systematic Studies (2004, edited with Steven C. Poe).
"A Global Analysis of the Effect of Political Regime Changes on Life Integrity Violations, 1977–1993" Journal of Peace Research 37(3) (2000): 213-233.
"The Dynamic Relationship Between Protest and Repression," Political Research Quarterly 59(1) (2006): 1-11.
(with Neil J. Mitchell and Will Lowe), "States, the Security Sector, and the Monopoly of Violence: A New Database on Pro-Government Militias," Journal of Peace Research, 50(2) (2013):249-258.
References
External links
Dr. Carey's Homepage
Website of the Pro-Government Militias Project
1974 births
Living people
German political scientists
University of Mannheim faculty
University of North Texas alumni
University of Konstanz alumni
Alumni of the University of Essex
Women political scientists
George Somerset Finch (1794 – 29 June 1870), of Burley-on-the-Hill, Rutland, was a British landowner and politician.
Background
Finch was the illegitimate son of George Finch, 9th Earl of Winchilsea and Mrs Phoebe Thompson and was educated at Harrow School (1805–11), Trinity College, Cambridge (1811) and the Middle Temple (1817). In 1808 he was granted a licence to use the Finch arms. On his father's death in 1826 he inherited substantial estates, including Burley House near Oakham, Rutland and a large fortune.
Political career
Finch sat as Member of Parliament for Lymington between 1820 and 1821, for Stamford between 1832 and 1837 and for Rutland between 1846 and 1847.
He was High Sheriff of Rutland for 1829–30.
Family
Finch was twice married. He married firstly, Jane, daughter of Vice-Admiral John Richard Delap, in 1819. After her early death in 1821 he married secondly Lady Louisa, daughter of Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort, in 1832, with whom he had 2 sons and 2 daughters.
Finch died in June 1870. Lady Louisa survived him by over twenty years and died in August 1892. Burley House passed to his son George, who was also a politician.
See also
Earl of Winchilsea and Nottingham
References
External links
1794 births
1870 deaths
People from Burley, Rutland
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Members of the Middle Temple
High Sheriffs of Rutland
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1820–1826
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1841–1847
George
Samuel Aaron Baker (November 7, 1874 – September 16, 1933) was an American educator and Republican politician who served as the 36th Governor of Missouri.
Early life
Samuel A. Baker was born in Patterson, Missouri, an unincorporated community in Wayne County to Samuel Aaron and Mary Amanda (McGhee) Baker His father, a physician and Union Army Civil War veteran, died before young Sam was born. With the family struggling financially due to his father's death, Sam often had to work and at times attended school in Mill Spring, Missouri only sporadically. Nonetheless, he was determined to better himself in life through higher education. Baker worked as a sawmill assistant and as a railroad section hand until he had saved enough money to attend Southeast Missouri State Teachers College in Cape Girardeau, from which he earned a bachelor's degree in pedagogy. Later, while already working in the education field, Baker would earn a second bachelor's degree from Missouri Wesleyan College.
Educator
Sam Baker held a variety of teaching, principal, and superintendent positions around the state in the years following his college graduation. His notable assignments included serving as principal at Jefferson City, Missouri in 1899 and Joplin, Missouri. After a three-year term as superintendent for Richmond, Missouri schools, Baker returned to Jefferson City as superintendent in 1913. While there he was instrumental in the issuing of a $100,000 dollar bond passage that brought large improvements to the school district. Voters statewide took notice of his efforts as a reformer and elected Baker as Missouri's Superintendent of Public Schools in 1918. Baker served as the superintendent from 1919 to 1923. During his tenure Baker was successful in securing more funding for rural schools from the state legislature, increasing teacher training and salaries, and promoting more emphasis on vocational education. Despite these improvements Baker was defeated when running for reelection in 1922 as he was edged out by Democrat Charles A. Lee by just a few hundred votes.
Governor
After his defeat in the 1922 election Sam Baker chose to continue in politics rather than in the education field. Republican incumbent governor Arthur Hyde, limited to one term by Missouri law at the time, endorsed Baker's candidacy to succeed him as governor in 1924. Baker defeated two other Republicans, including Missouri lieutenant governor Hiram Lloyd, in the August primary. In the November general election Baker defeated Democrat Arthur W. Nelson by less than six thousand votes to become Missouri's 36th governor.
As governor Baker continued to advocate changes and improvements for Missouri schools, including increased funding and redistricting to consolidate low-quality schools. However, the Missouri legislature, including many members of his own party, foiled Baker's efforts. Several leading Republicans were upset that Baker made political appointments based more on qualifications and friendship regardless of party instead of ones hand-picked by party leadership. Baker did have some areas of success however, including establishment of a Workers' compensation program, passage of a $75 million bond issue to improve the quality of Missouri roads, instituting banking reforms, and the development of Missouri state parks. One of the earliest parks, Sam A. Baker State Park in Wayne county, was named in the governors honor after his death.
Death
Governor Baker suffered failing health during his final year in office, and shortly after leaving office in January 1929 he suffered two major strokes. Bedridden for his remaining years, Samuel A. Baker died from a cerebral hemorrhage on September 16, 1933. He is buried in Riverview Cemetery in Jefferson City, Missouri.
References
External links
1874 births
1933 deaths
Governors of Missouri
Southeast Missouri State University alumni
Missouri Republicans
Republican Party governors of Missouri
People from Wayne County, Missouri
(born February 18, 1982) assumed the duties of Miss Universe Japan 2007, after originally being the second runner-up. She became Miss Universe Japan after the winner, Riyo Mori, claimed the Miss Universe crown and first runner-up, Rei Hamada, turned the title down. Akiko is a graduate of Tamagawa University and has an elementary school teacher's certificate. She has travelled to 30 countries on her own doing volunteer work. She is a model and stands 5'8" (173 cm).
References
External links
Official page by Horipro
Official blog
1982 births
Living people
People from Yokohama
Japanese beauty pageant winners
Newington Plantation is a historic archaeological site located near Stallsville, Dorchester County, South Carolina. The plantation was originally settled in the early or middle 1680s. Newington includes the remains of a series of house forms as they developed from an early single timber and clay structure destroyed sometime around the Yamasee War in 1715 to the fine, large brick structure built by Joseph Blake. The plantation included terraced gardens, a reflecting pool, brick outbuildings, and the main house. The house burned in 1845, and the ruins stood until 1876, when an attempt made to salvage the bricks failed. After years under the plow, many of the ruins on the surface have disappeared and the ornamental lake has silted and gone to ruin.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
References
Anti-black racism in the United States
Plantation houses in South Carolina
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Dorchester County, South Carolina
Burned houses in the United States
The New York Encounter is an annual three-day event held in New York City in January, usually on Martin Luther King's weekend. It is a cultural event organized by members of the Catholic movement Communion and Liberation; it is composed of conferences, exhibitions, and artistic performances. The first edition was held in January 2011. The event follows the consolidated experience gained in Italy from the annual week-long event held in Rimini (Italy), called the Meeting for friendship among peoples, which has become a major event in Italy and attracts intellectuals, scientists, politicians, and religious figures of very high-profile from all over the world. The NYE is free and is organized with the help of volunteers and many young adults from all over the United States and Canada.
List of past events
2011 14–17 January
2012 13–15 January
2013 18–20 January. “Experiencing freedom”
2017 13–15 January. "Reality Has Never Betrayed Me"
2019 15–17 February. "Something to Start From”
List of upcoming events
2020 14–16 February. "Crossing the Divide”
References
External links
Official website
Communion and Liberation
Festivals in New York City
Belokrinitskoe soglasie () is the largest and one of the most 'temperate' and 'optimistic' denominations among the Popovtsy Old Believers. The name derives from the name of the village Belokrinitsa, where the full hierarchy of the Russian Orthodox Oldrite Church was established.
From the end of 1840, when the Belokrinitskaya Hierarchy was accepted by the Belokrinitskoe soglasie these two terms became almost synonymous (at least when spoken about Old Believers in Russia, but not in Austria-Hungary, Romania and Moldova). In the 20th century the term Belokrinitskoe soglasie is synonymous with Russian Orthodox Old-Rite Church.
Some confusions may occur when using the term Belokrinitskoe soglasie in respect to a schism of Okruzhniki and Neokruzhniki. From one point of view, both sides of a schism originated from the Rogozhskoe cemetery administrative system and so both belong to the Belokrinitskoe soglasie From the other side, the Rogozhskoe cemetery priests and authorities were Okruzhniki almost entirely, so the term Belokrinitskoe soglasie can sometimes mean Okruzhniki.
See also
Old Believers
Russian Orthodox Old-Rite Church
Belokrinitskaya Hierarchy
References and select bibliography
S. G. Vurgraft, I. A. Ushakov. Staroobriadchestvo. Litsa, predmety, sobytiia i simvoly. Opyt entsiklopedicheskogo slovaria [The Old Believers: Figures, Subjects, Events and Symbols. An Encyclopedic Dictionary] Moscow: Tserkov, 1996.
Зеньковский С.А. Русское старообрядчество, том I и II, Москва 2006 / Zenkovskij S.A. “Russia's Old Believers”, part I and II, Moscow 2006
Old Believer movement
Sarah Attar (; born August 27, 1992) is a Saudi-American track and field athlete who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics as one of the first two female Olympians representing Saudi Arabia. She also competed in the marathon at the 2016 Olympics.
Attar has lived in the United States her entire life, but has dual US-Saudi citizenship through her father, who was born in Saudi Arabia. She was invited to participate in the Olympics despite her not having met the standard Olympic qualifying times, which were waived by the International Olympic Committee.
Early life and education
Attar was born and raised in Escondido, California, United States. Her mother, Judy, is an American national hailing from California, and her father, Amer, is a Saudi Arabian national who went to college in the United States and married her mother in 1984. She has dual US-Saudi citizenship.
She graduated from Escondido High School, in Escondido, in 2010. She competed for the school in cross-country running.
She then attended Pepperdine University, a Christian university in Los Angeles County, California, near Malibu, where she earned a B.A. in studio arts, having won the Rex Hamilton Memorial Art Scholarship. Attar was one of eight athletes from Pepperdine to be selected to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics, along with Roxanne Barker, who was on the South African team and others. She ran in two college meets for Pepperdine in March 2012, finishing 12th in a 1,500-meter heat in the Cal State Fullerton Ben Brown Invitational in 5:30.51, and 29th in the 3,000 meters in the Spring Break Invitational in 11:37.41.
After graduating from Pepperdine in 2014, she became a landscape photographer. In 2015, she moved to Mammoth Lakes, California, to train full-time with distance runners including Olympian Deena Kastor, the wife of her coach Andrew Kastor.
She has lived in the United States her entire life, and though she does not speak Arabic she travels to Saudi Arabia about once a year to visit relatives.
Running career
Representing Saudi Arabia
Attar was named one of the first two women to compete for Saudi Arabia in the Olympics, on their Olympic team at the 2012 Summer Olympics. The other woman representing Saudi Arabia was judoka Wojdan Shaherkani.
Prior to June 2012, the Saudi Arabian Olympic Committee had banned the Kingdom's females from competing at the Olympics, but the International Olympic Committee (IOC) had threatened to ban Saudi Arabia from the Olympic Games unless it allowed its women to compete. The IOC decided that Saudi Arabia's female competitors did not have to meet Olympic qualifying standards.
Attar was expected by Saudi Arabia to wear running outfits that complied with Islamic law. Photographs of her in her typical clothing, wearing a tank top, shorts, and with her hair not covered by a head scarf, were deleted from the internet, including from her university's track and cross-country website. She and her mother put together a head-and-neck covering for her to compete in, along with long sleeves and long pants. Attar lives and trains in the United States, without wearing a hijab or abaya covering her.
Saudi Arabian scholar Ali Al-Ahmed, who has published studies on women's sports in Saudi Arabia, opined: "The presence of female athletes [in the 2012 Olympics] made things worse, because it allowed Saudi Arabia to escape criticism." However, conservative Saudi religious clerics strongly opposed and issued rulings against Saudi women participating in spectator sports, maintaining that it may lead to corrupt morals, loss of virginity, and lesbianism.
2012 Olympic Games
During the Opening Ceremonies' Parade of Nations, Attar and Shaherkani, the only two females in the Saudi Arabian delegation, were forced to walk behind their male teammates, unlike women in delegations from other Islamic nations.
Attar competed in the women's 800 metres, without having met the Olympic qualifying time. She had competed at the distance only once, during high school, but not since she had attended college. She said: "The 800 was a good option because I wouldn't be out there getting lapped in the 5,000 or something."
Attar competed in Heat 6 of the women's 800m qualifying heats on August 8, 2012. She finished last, with a time of 2:44.95, far behind Janeth Jepkosgei's heat-winning 2:01.04. She finished more than half a minute slower than her nearest competitor, who crossed the finish line 150 meters ahead of her. Hundreds of spectators stood and applauded Attar as she crossed the finish line.
Her participation in the Olympics was mentioned by only one Saudi Arabian paper, which was criticized for doing so.
2016 Olympic Games
Attar competed for Saudi Arabia in the 2016 Olympic Games in the marathon. She again received a wild card entry, in which she did not have to meet the standard Olympic qualifying time. Her best marathon time was 3:11:27 at the 2015 Chicago Marathon, 26 minutes slower than the Olympic qualifying time. The Saudi Arabian Olympic Committee website did not name her or the other women who would represent the Kingdom.
She ran fully covered, wearing long sleeves and long pants as she had in 2012, but this time wearing a baseball cap instead of a hijab. She completed the marathon in 132nd place out of 133 women who finished, in a time of 3:16:11, which was 52 minutes behind the Kenyan winner Jemima Sumgong.
Post 2016 Olympics
In 2018, Sarah improved her personal best in the Marathon, at the Chicago Marathon, running 3:07:16, and the half marathon, at the Houston Half Marathon, in 1:26:47
Competitions
Sponsorship
Attar was previously sponsored by Oiselle, an American running apparel company that promotes and supports female athletes.
References
External links
Sarah Attar Makes Olympic History For Saudi Arabia - London 2012 Olympics (YouTube)
Living people
American people of Saudi Arabian descent
Saudi Arabian female middle-distance runners
Sportspeople from Escondido, California
1992 births
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabian people of American descent
American female middle-distance runners
People from Mammoth Lakes, California
Pepperdine Waves athletes
Joakim Skomsøy Bjerkås (born 15 January 1993) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for Sunndal on loan from Kristiansund, as a defender.
References
External links
Joakim Bjerkås at NFF
1993 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Kristiansund BK players
Levanger FK players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
Food Matters is a 2008 film about nutrition. The film presents the thesis that a selective diet can play a key role in treating a range of health conditions such as diabetes, cancer, heart disease and depression, often substituting for medical treatment. Furthermore, it tends to label the medical industry as a "sickness industry", which profits more from treating the symptoms of illness than curing the illness.
References
External links
2008 films
2008 documentary films
Australian documentary films
Documentary films about vegetarianism
Documentary films about conspiracy theories
2000s English-language films
"Float On" is a 1977 hit song by the R&B/soul group The Floaters.
The spoken verses combine two popular trends from the time, star signs and video and phone dating, in lines such as Aquarius and my name is Ralph / Now I like a woman who loves her freedom. The song was co-written by James Mitchell of The Detroit Emeralds group.
Released from their self-titled debut album, it became one of the biggest singles of the year, spending six weeks at number one on the U.S. Hot Soul Singles chart. "Float On" was also a crossover hit, peaking at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 behind Andy Gibb's "I Just Want to Be Your Everything" and The Emotions' "Best of My Love", but with no other Hot 100 hits, The Floaters became a one-hit wonder on that chart. "Float On" also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart, and number five on the Irish Singles Chart. Stetsasonic covered the song on its album In Full Gear (1988). A song from Dream Warriors' 1996 album The Master Plan, also titled "Float On", sampled multiple elements of the 1977 song.
The song was adapted in the early 1990s to advertise Cadbury's Crème Eggs.
Parodies
The track became a source of parody. Artists who recorded a spoof include:
English comedy band The Barron Knights on their 1977 UK hit single "Live in Trouble".
Cheech & Chong on their 1977 US hit single "Bloat On".
The characters from Sesame Street, David (Northern Calloway), Bob (Bob McGrath), Gordon (Roscoe Orman) and Luis (Emilio Delgado) did a style parody of the song called "Gimmie Five".
Charts
See also
List of number-one R&B singles of 1977 (U.S.)
References
External links
[ Song Review] on the Allmusic website
1977 singles
Number-one singles in New Zealand
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
1977 songs
This is a list of labels that were owned or distributed by EMI before its dismantling in 2013.
Blue Note Label Group
Angel Records
Seraphim Records
Guardian Records
Blue Note Records
Metro Blue
Pacific Jazz/World Pacific
Narada Jazz
Manhattan Records
Narada Productions
Back Porch Records
Higher Octave Music
CyberOctave
Capitol Music Group
Capitol Records
Harvest Records
Imperial Records
Priority Records
Get Money Gang Entertainment
Ice H2O Records
Lench Mob Records
Twenty-Two Recordings
The RMG Music Group
Pinegrove Records
Capitol Latin
Caroline Distribution
Astralwerks Records
Caroline Records
Definitive Jux Records
The Front Line
Fuel Records
Gracie Productions
Gyroscope Records
Merovingian Music
Nature Sounds
Green Streets Entertainment
Stones Throw Records
EMI Christian Music Group
Credential Recordings
EMI Gospel
Forefront Records
Sparrow Records
Re:Think
Tooth and Nail Records
BEC Recordings
Solid State Records
Topshelf Records
VSR Music Group
Virgin Music Group
Virgin Records
Astralwerks
Charisma Records
Relentless Records
Venture Records
10 Records
Standalone labels
EMI Records
Capitol Records Nashville/EMI Records Nashville
hEMIsphere
Mute Records
Positiva Records
Stateside Records
International labels
EMI Africa
EMI South Africa
EMI Nigeria
EMI Asia
EMI Arabia
Soutelphan
Alam El Phan
Relax-in International
Farasan
Rotana Records
EMI China
Gold Typhoon
Path Orient
EMI India
GramCo
Saregama/RPG Music
EMI Indonesia
Arka Music
EMI Japan
EMI Korea
SM Entertainment
EMI Malaysia
EMI Pakistan
EMI Philippines
PolyEast Records
Galaxy Records
Cool Records
Marigold
EMI Taiwan
EMI Thailand
Music Train (Rod Fai Don Tri)
EMI Europe
EMIDISC
EMI Europe Generic
EMI Czech Republic
EMI Finland
EMI France
Pathé Records
Virgin Music France
Delabel
Hostile Delabel
Delabel Editions (now owned by Sony/ATV)
Source
Labels
Gum Prod
Livin' Astro
Zonophone
EMI Germany
Electrola
UDR Records
EMI Greece
Minos EMI
Rootopia
EMI Poland
EMI Spain
Hispavox
Odeon Records
EMI Sweden
Platina Records
EMI Turkey
EMI Kent Music
EMI United Kingdom
EMI Records
EMI Classics
Parlophone Records
Regal Recordings
RAK Records
Virgin Records
Chrysalis Records
EMI South America
EMI Argentina
Reliquias
EMI Chile
EMI Colombia
Mexico
Capitol Latin
EMI Televisa Music
Q-Productions
EMI Oceania
EMI Music Australia
EMI Music Fiji
EMI Music New Zealand
EMI Music Papua New Guinea
EMI Music Papua Samoa
EMI Music Papua Tonga
Independent labels distributed by EMI
Apple Records
CJ E&M Music and Live
Time Records
Primary Wave Records
Ruffhouse
Alter Bridge Recordings
Nettwerk Productions
Defunct labels
2kSounds
Columbia Graphophone Company
Ministry of Sound Australia
EMI Films
His Master's Voice
RAK Records
Regal Zonophone Records
Studio 2 Stereo Records
EMI Records Group
Enigma Records
SBK Records
Pendulum Records
Wild Pitch Records
Top Rank Records
I.R.S. Records
Liberty Records
See also
EMI
List of EMI artists
EMI
John August Swanson (January 11, 1938 – September 23, 2021) was an American visual artist who worked primarily in the medium of serigraphy, as well as oil, watercolor, acrylic, mixed media, lithography, and etching.
Swanson studied with Corita Kent at Immaculate Heart College. He was the recipient of a Doctor of Humane Letters degree honoris causa from California Lutheran University. He collaborated on a number of books.
Work
The son of a Mexican mother and a Swedish father, Swanson's art reflects the strong narrative influences of his cultural upbringing. His works frequently depict scenes of community life, as in "Festival of Lights" (2000), "Tales of Hoffman" (2001), and "Psalm 85" (2003) after Psalm 85. Swanson's images are optimistic and colorful, with a strongly humanistic feel.
Swanson was perhaps best known for his biblical imagery. Combining the flat, stylized look of iconography with the bright palette and strong narrative sense of his background in Latin American folk art, pieces such as "Daniel" (2000), "Good Samaritan" (2002), and "Washing of the Feet" have proven popular among collectors of religious artwork around the world.
Exhibitions
Swanson's work is represented in the permanent collections of many museums, including three museums of the Smithsonian Institution: The National Museum of American History, The Smithsonian American Art Museum and The National Air and Space Museum. He is also included in the print collections of the Art Institute of Chicago, Harvard University's Fogg Museum, the Tate Gallery and Victoria and Albert Museum in London, and the Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris. His painting "The Procession" is one of relatively few works by contemporary artists to be selected for the Vatican Museums' Collection of Modern Religious Art. With holdings of 150 pieces, Candler School of Theology at Emory University in Atlanta has acquired the largest collection of Swanson's work.
References
External links
John August Swanson Facebook Page
"Artist John August Swanson and His Images of Francis of Assisi" in St. Anthony Messenger
"Festival of Lights" was the cover image of the Summer 2009 issue of Emory Magazine, illustrating the theme: "Pilgrimage: Journeys of the Body, Mind, and Spirit."
"Renowned artist John August Swanson to speak at Candler" Emory University News
1938 births
2021 deaths
American contemporary painters
American artists of Mexican descent
American people of Swedish descent
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
20th-century American printmakers
Artists from Los Angeles
20th-century American male artists
Kai Tak East () is one of the 25 constituencies in the Kowloon City District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Kowloon City District Council, with an election every four years.
Kai Tak East loosely covers part of the public housing estate Tak Long Estate in the previously Kai Tak Airport. It has projected population of 12,993.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Kai Tak Development
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Kowloon City District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
Birinciafşar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 35 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The list of ship decommissionings in 1906 includes a chronological list of ships decommissioned in 1906. In cases where no official decommissioning ceremony was held, the date of withdrawal from service may be used instead.
References
See also
1906
Ship decommissionings
The 1934 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1934. Republican nominee Frank Fitzgerald defeated Democratic nominee Arthur J. Lacy with 52.41% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Frank Fitzgerald, Republican
Arthur J. Lacy, Democratic
Other candidates
Arthur E. Larsen, Socialist
John Anderson, Communism
Donald D. Alderdyce, Farmer–Labor Party
Robert Fraser, Socialist Labor
Lincoln E. Buell, Commonwealth
Robert R. Pointer, People's Progressive
Ann L. Medow, National
Edward N. Lee, American
Results
Primaries
Republican Primary
Democratic Primary
References
1934
Michigan
Gubernatorial
November 1934 events
Central African Republic–People's Republic of China relations refer to the bilateral relations of the Central African Republic and the People's Republic of China. Diplomatic relations between the People's Republic of China and the Central African Republic were established on September 29, 1964, when the CAR's government severed diplomatic relations with the Republic of China (Taiwan). China's ambassador to the Central African Republic is Ma Fulin as of 2017.
History
Following establishment of relations in 1964, when Jean-Bédel Bokassa came to power in 1966, he switched the nation's recognition back to Taiwan, severing diplomatic ties with the government in Beijing, which lasted until although Bokassa's reversal and visited Beijing in 1976. The Central African Republic switched its recognition back to Taipei in 1991 under President André-Dieudonné Kolingba. Kolingba's successor, Ange-Félix Patassé, would switch the CAR's recognition back to the People's Republic of China in 1998, which remained as of 2017. Since 1998, China has delivered much foreign aid to the CAR, including doctors and civil engineers. Trade between China and the CAR has increased in the 2000s (decade), and CAR President François Bozizé Yangouvonda called for more Chinese investment in the country in 2009.
The Chinese embassy in Bangui temporarily suspended its operations in 2013 after the fall of President Bozizé and the subsequent civil war, but as of 2016 it was reopened.
Central African Republic was one of 53 countries, that in June 2020, backed the Hong Kong national security law at the United Nations.
Economic development
Since the first Forum on China Africa Cooperation in 2000, the Chinese government has delivered $152 million in development assistance to the Central Africa Republic. Several major Chinese aid projects in the Central African Republic include:
A $67.4 million loan from the Exim Bank of China to install fix and mobile networks in the country.
Construction of a 20,000-seat stadium in Bangui financed by the Chinese government.
The cancellation of $11.4 million in debt owed to China.
Military aid
Chinese instructors have trained members of the Central African Republic's internal security forces, such as police and presidential guard, in 2018.
References
China
Africa–China relations
Bilateral relations of China
Oshita, Ōshita, Ooshita or Ohshita (written: 大下) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gerald Oshita (1942–1992), American musician, composer, and sound recordist
, Japanese baseball player and manager
Rod Oshita (born 1959), American handball player
, Japanese water polo player
Japanese-language surnames
Reinhard Tritscher (5 August 1946 – 20 September 2018) was an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics where he finished 8th in the Giant Slalom.
Death
Tritscher's death on September 20, 2018, was a result of a climbing accident in Ramsau am Dachstein, Styria, at the age of 72.
References
External links
sports-reference.com
1946 births
2018 deaths
Austrian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Alpine skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
People from Liezen District
Sportspeople from Styria
William Eberhardt Bastard, also known as Ebbo Bastard (10 February 1912 – 14 February 1949), was a South African rugby union player from Kokstad, Natal. He predominantly played as a flanker and played for Natal and the South Africa national rugby union team. On 14 February 1949 he was shot dead by his wife's ex-husband.
Personal life
Bastard was educated at Hilton College. After leaving school, he started farming, which was his profession for the rest of his life. During the Second World War he joined the South African Army and was assigned to the Natal Mounted Rifles, where he saw service in the Western Desert Campaign.
Career
Bastard started playing rugby for Kokstad RFC and made it onto the representative team of Natal. He was highly thought of in Natal, but when trials for the 1937 Springboks tour of Australia and New Zealand were announced at Newlands Stadium, Bastard was not invited. The Natal RFU were convinced he should be there, so they sponsored him to attend the trial without an invitation.
Following an impressive performance at the trials, Bastard was called up to the South Africa national rugby team for the tour of Australia and New Zealand, becoming the first and only Kokstad player to play for the Springboks. During his first match, he scored a try in a 9–5 win. He also scored a try against New Zealand in the second test match at Lancaster Park in Christchurch.
During the tour, his surname became a point of contention. At the first banquet of the tour in Australia, he was introduced as "Ebbo Jardine" after the English cricketer Douglas Jardine, who captained England during the infamous "bodyline" series against Australia. During Australian radio match commentaries, he was referred to as "one player who we shall call Smith". Following a match in Brisbane, he was spoken to by a Queensland Police Force constable who followed him, and caught Bastard and three other Springboks climbing a neon sign, which was smashed as a result. The policeman had spoken to the other Springbok players before coming to Bastard and asked for his name. Being given the name and thinking it was a joke, the policeman said, "I don't want to know what you are, I want to know who you are". Later in Sydney with Daantjie van de Vyver, a similar incident occurred when they were climbing lampposts. The
New South Wales Police Force constable asked for their names; Bastard gave his and spelled it out for the policeman, with van de Vyver saying his surname straight afterward. The policeman replied, "No bastard is going to get a fiver out of me". He also played for the Springboks a year later against the British Lions in his last test match for South Africa.
Test history
Death and legacy
When away from rugby, Bastard spent his time farming. He eventually moved to a farm in Cedarville, where he lived next door to Una and Peter Young. During this time, Bastard made open advances toward Una, who later left her husband and married Bastard.
One night at a cocktail party, Bastard and Una had taunted Young, who left and waited for Bastard to arrive home from the party. Once Bastard got out of the car, Young shot him point blank in the chest. The Monday newspapers published the news as: "Ebbo Bastard murdered!". Young also was injured in the shooting, but was arrested.
Following Bastard's death, his wife and son, the future journalist and sausage merchant Bill O'Hagan, adopted her maiden name.
Bastard's name is given to the "Ebbo Bastard Trophy", a rugby trophy contested by regional teams in KwaZulu-Natal.
See also
List of South Africa national rugby union players – Springbok no. 252
References
1912 births
1949 deaths
Alumni of Hilton College (South Africa)
Deaths by firearm in South Africa
People from Kokstad
People murdered in South Africa
Rugby union flankers
South Africa international rugby union players
South African farmers
South African military personnel of World War II
White South African people
Rugby union players from KwaZulu-Natal
Sharks (rugby union) players
Chauncey Bundy Little (February 10, 1877 – September 29, 1952) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Olathe, Kansas, Little attended grade school and high school in Olathe and the Kansas State College at Manhattan. In 1898, he graduated from the law department of the University of Kansas at Lawrence. He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Olathe. He was the city attorney of Olathe from 1901–06, and served as the county attorney of Johnson County, Kansas from 1909 to 1913.
Little was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1925 – March 3, 1927). He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1926 to the Seventieth Congress. He resumed the practice of law. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Kansas in 1928. He died in Olathe, Kansas on September 29, 1952, and was interred in Olathe Cemetery.
References
1877 births
1952 deaths
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
University of Kansas School of Law alumni
People from Olathe, Kansas
The 1879 Columbia football team represented Columbia University in the 1879 college football season.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
College football winless seasons
Columbia football
Nigel Searle is the former managing director of Sinclair Research Ltd, and one of the company's longest-serving employees. He joined Sinclair Radionics in 1973, and for most of the 1970s, Searle worked for Sinclair in the United States to promote the company's calculators and other products. In 1977, with Sinclair in financial trouble, Searle left the company. He rejoined in 1979 when Sir Clive Sinclair formed Science of Cambridge (later renamed Sinclair Research) and continued to work from the US, successfully promoting the ZX80 and ZX81 personal computers. In spring 1982, he moved back to the United Kingdom as Sinclair's managing director, a post he retained until 1986 when Amstrad took over the company's computer business.
Derek Riddell portrayed Searle in the 2009 BBC television movie Micro Men.
External links and references
Planet Sinclair - Nigel Searle
Sinclair User magazine, Plotting a course for growth, June 1982
Sinclair User magazine, Carrying memory in your pocket, December 1982
Your Spectrum magazine Circe, March 1984 (interview)
Reversing Sinclair's amazing 1974 calculator hack - half the ROM of the HP-35
Sinclair Research
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The gens Avidia was an ancient Roman family that flourished during the early centuries of the Empire. Several of its members rose to prominence during the late first and second centuries AD.
Branches and cognomina
Two branches of this family appeared towards the end of the first century. They were descended from two brothers, who bore the surnames Quietus, meaning "calm" or "peaceful", and Nigrinus, a diminutive of niger, meaning "blackish".
Members
Titus Avidius Quietus, a friend and contemporary of Pliny the Younger, whom he supported in his accusation of Publicius Certus in AD 96.
Titus Avidius Quietus, consul suffectus in AD 111.
Gaius Avidius Nigrinus, proconsul during the reign of Domitian, and brother of the elder Quietus; Plutarch dedicated a treatise on brotherly love to them.
Gaius Avidius C. f. Nigrinus, consul suffectus during the first half of AD 110; one of four senators put to death in the year following the accession of Hadrian.
Avidia C. f. C. n., the daughter of Nigrinus, married Lucius Aelius, Hadrian's heir; her son, Lucius Verus, was adopted by Antoninus Pius, and was emperor with Marcus Aurelius from AD 161 to 169.
Gaius Avidius Heliodorus, a rhetorician, and native of Syria, who became a private secretary and friend of Hadrian; he was appointed praefectus of Egypt.
Gaius Avidius C. f. Cassius, son of Heliodorus, and a successful general under Marcus Aurelius, against whom he rebelled in AD 175.
Avidius Maecianus, son of Avidius Cassius, entrusted with the command of Alexandria during his father's rebellion; he was slain by his own soldiers.
See also
List of Roman gentes
References
Roman gentes
The Internationale Hegelgesellschaft e.V. (International Hegel Society) claims to be Germany's oldest surviving Hegel Society. It was founded 1953 in Nürnberg by Wilhelm Raimund Beyer (1902-1990).
Mr. Beyer's efforts were supported by the City of Nürnberg in its celebration of the facts that Hegel taught in Nürnberg and that Hegel's wife, Marie Tucher, was the daughter of a well-known Nürnberg family.
The society currently supports over a thousand members from its Berlin headquarters. The results of their meetings are published in the Hegel Jahrbuch (Hegel Yearbook) which is available at Akademie Verlag, Berlin.
External links
Society website
1953 establishments in West Germany
Philosophical societies in Germany
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Organizations established in 1953
Gábor Mayer (born 22 January 1959) is a Hungarian skier. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics, the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Hungarian male biathletes
Hungarian male cross-country skiers
Olympic biathletes of Hungary
Olympic cross-country skiers of Hungary
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Skiers from Budapest
20th-century Hungarian people
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1982–83 season.
Overview
Al Arabi Kuwait won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1982–83
1982–83 in Asian association football leagues
1
The Uruguay women's national football team representing Uruguay in international women's football.
The women's football section of the AUF started in 1996 and the first official competition of the national team took place in the 1998 South American Championship. The best performance to date in the South American Championship came in 2006 when Uruguay earned third place.
Team image
Nicknames
The Uruguay women's national football team has been known or nicknamed as the "Las Celestes" or "Charrúas".
Home stadium
Uruguay plays their home matches on the Estadio Centenario.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Official Uruguay Results and Fixtures – AUF.org.uy
Uruguay Results and Fixtures – Soccerway.com
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Gonzalo Ribas (2003–????)
Juan José Duarte (2006–????)
Jorge Burgell (2010–????)
Fabiana Manzolillo (2014–????)
Ariel Longo (????–)
Players
Up-to-date caps, goals, and statistics are not publicly available; therefore, caps and goals listed may be incorrect.
Current squad
The following 23 players were called up for two friendly matches against Paraguay on 19 and 22 February 2022.Caps and goals accurate up to and including 17 September 2021.Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Uruguay squad in the past 12 months.
Previous squads
FIFA Women's World Cup
2018 Copa América Femenina squad
Captains
Valeria Colmán (????–)
RecordsActive players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Honours
Continental
Copa América Femenina
Third place: 2006
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.Olympic Games*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.CONMEBOL Copa América Femenina*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.Pan American Games*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.South American Games*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.''
See also
Sport in Uruguay
Football in Uruguay
Women's football in Uruguay
Uruguay women's national football team
Uruguay women's national football team results
List of Uruguay women's international footballers
Uruguay women's national under-20 football team
Uruguay women's national under-17 football team
Uruguay men's national football team
References
External links
Uruguay women's national football team official website at AUF.org.uy
Uruguay at FIFA.com
South American women's national association football teams
Women's football in Uruguay
Ivan Petrovych Uzhevych (born 1610s, perhaps North Volhynia after 1645) was a Ruthenian grammarian.
Very little is known about his biography: From 1637 he studied at Cracow University, then in 1643 he was a student of theology at the Sorbonne, Paris. He wrote a Polish ode on the occasion of the marriage of a certain Aleksander Przyłęcki with Ewa Rupniowa, which was printed in 1641. Uzhevych is well known to East Slavic language historians as the author of the first grammar of the Ruthenian language.
He wrote his name Іωаннъ Ужевичъ Словянинъ (Ioann Uzhevych Slovyanyn), Ioannes Usevicius Sclavonus, Ioannes Ugevicius Sclavonus, Jan Użewic; in the student register of Cracow University he is written Ioannes Petri Uzewicz, but is today best known as: (Ivan Uzhevich), , (Ivan Uzhevich), (Ivan Uzhevych).
Life
Very little is known about his biography: From 1637 he studied at Cracow University, then in 1643 he was a student of theology at the Sorbonne, writing is indicated on the cover page.
The Grammatica sclavonica
Two manuscripts are known of Ivan Uzhevych's Grammatica sclavonica, written in Latin: The Paris manuscript from 1643 and the Arras manuscript from 1645, called so because of the place it is kept now; no place of writing is indicated on the cover page. Both have been published in a scholarly edition in 1970. Uzhevych's work, which seems to be influenced by the Polish grammar Polonicae grammatices institutio (1568) by Piotr Stojeński (Petrus Statorius) and by Meletius Smotrytsky's Church Slavonic grammar Gramatiki slavenskija pravilnoje syntagma (1619), is the only grammar known of the Ruthenian language of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, the predecessor of modern Ukrainian and Belarusian, which the author calls lingua popularis, “vulgar tongue”. It is the first grammar of an East Slavic language (and not of Church Slavonic, which Uzhevych calls lingua sacra, “sacred tongue”).
Both Belarusian and Ukrainian linguistics have been trying to show that Uzhevych's grammar belongs to the history of their respective language and not the other one. Thus, Ivan Bilodid (1972), Mykhaylo Zhovtobryukh (1976), and Vasyl Nimchuk (1985) have stressed Ukrainian features of his language, whereas Aleksandr Sobolevskiy (1906), Vatroslav Jagić (1907), James Dingley (1972) and Yuriy Shevelov (1979) have pointed out its Belarusian aspects. Olexa Horbatsch (1967) assumes that Uzhevych came from the modern Ukrainian-Belarusian borderlands, which at that time, of course, were not a borderland at all. Uzhevych's grammar includes a lot of parallel forms that have later been incorporated into either the modern Belarusian or the modern Ukrainian language. For example, for ‘what' both що (ščo), as in modern Ukrainian, and што (što), as in modern Belarusian, appear. This shows that Uzhevych's intention was to describe not his own dialect but a common, partially standardized, Ruthenian language (cf. History of the East Slavic languages).
Uzhevych's grammar exhibits a distinctly comparative approach. It is probably not a coincidence that its title is Grammatica sclavonica, not ruthenica. Much of what is written about Ruthenian seems to be meant for Church Slavonic, too, and where the two languages differ, Uzhevych often includes specific information on Church Slavonic. Apart from that, he comments on differences in Polish, Czech, Moravian, and Croatian, citing, for example, the Lord's Prayer in Church Slavonic, Ruthenian, and Croatian (in the Glagolitic alphabet).
As usual at that time, the grammar shows the difficulties of superimposing the Latin grammatical system on a very different language. Thus, on the one hand there are long lists of constructed verb forms that are of no practical relevance for Ruthenian, e.g. the optative pluperfect бодай бымъ былъ ковáлъ (bodaj bym” byl” koval”) ‘oh would I have had cooked!' (Arras, 452), but on the other hand the locative case is not reflected, and Uzhevych tries to explain the respective endings, which sometimes resemble the dative, sometimes the instrumental (ablative) endings, as casus vagabundi, “wandering cases” (Arras, 332-341).
Rozmova · Besěda
As Helmut Keipert (2001) has shown, the anonymous and undated manuscript titled Rozmova and Besěda (which linguists so far wrongly attributed to the end of the 16th century) is also an autograph by Ivan Uzhevych. Just like the first of the manuscripts of Uzhevych's grammar, it is now kept in the French National Library at Paris. The manuscript is a parallel translation of the popular phrasebook by Noël de Berlaimont into Ruthenian and Church Slavonic. The left, Ruthenian column of each page (the Rozmova part) is titled “Popularis”, and the right, Church Slavonic one (the Besěda part) “Sacra”. Maybe the author wanted to demonstrate in practice the differences described in his grammar between the “vulgar” and the “sacred” tongue. Anyway, this phrasebook provides a lot of linguistic material to fill the gaps in the Grammatica sclavonica, which itself contains only little actual Ruthenian text, as it is written in Latin. Apart from that, the phrasebook consists of very straightforward, colloquial, every-day dialogues — those that made Berlaimont's work the most popular phrasebook of all time. It was reprinted more than 150 times all over Europe between the beginning of the 16th and the end of the 19th century in versions with from two to eight language columns.
The manuscript was published in a scholarly edition in 2005 together with the Latin original from 1613 and a translation of the same text into Polish from a print of 1646.
Works
Obraz cnoty y sławy w przezacney fámiliey Ich MM. PP. Przyłęckich, wiecznemi czásy nieodmiennie trwájący. Ná wesoło fortunny akt małżeński przezacnych małżonkow Jego Mośći P. Alexandra z Przyłęka Przyłęckiego, y Jey Mośći Panny Ewy z Rupniowa Rupniowskiey, Aońskim piorem odrysowány y ná ućiechę nowemu Stadłu ofiarowány przez Jana Użewica sławney Akademiey Krákowskiey Studenta (Kraków 1641).
Grammatica sclavonica (Paris 1643; probably Paris 1645).
Rozmova · Besěda (probably Paris, middle of 17th century; ).
Further reading
Lunt, Horace. Review: “Hramatyka slov'jans'ka I. Uževyča”. In: Recenzija 1.2 (1971), pp. 47–49.
Dingley, James. “The two versions of the Gramatyka Slovenskaja of Ivan Uževič.” In: The Journal of Byelorussian Studies, 2.4 (1972), pp. 369–384.
References
Bilodid 1972 — Білоді́д (Белодед), Іва́н Костянти́нович. “«Славянская грамматика» Ивана Ужевича 1643 г.” In: Известия Академии Наук СССР. Серия литературы и языка. Vol. 31.1, pp. 32-40.
Bunčić 2006 — Daniel Bunčić. Die ruthenische Schriftsprache bei Ivan Uževyč unter besonderer Berücksichtigung seines Gesprächsbuchs Rozmova/Besěda. Mit Wörterverzeichnis und Indizes zu seinem ruthenischen und kirchenslavischen Gesamtwerk. München 2006 (= Slavistische Beiträge, Hg. Peter Rehder, Bd. 447). . English abstract.
Daiber 1992 - Thomas Daiber. "Die Darstellung des Zeitworts in ostslavischen Grammatiken von den Anfängen bis zum ausgehenden 18. Jahrhundert". Freiburg i. Br. 1992 (= "Monumenta Linguae Slavicae Dialecti Veteris tomus XXXII)
Dingley 1972 — James Dingley. “The two versions of the Gramatyka Slovenskaja of Ivan Uževič.” In: The Journal of Byelorussian Studies, 2.4 (1972), pp. 369–384.
Horbatsch 1967 — Горбач, Олекса Теодорович. “Рукописна «Граматыка словенская» Івана Ужевича з 1643 й 1645 років.” In: Наукові Записки Українського Технічно-Господарського Інституту (Мюнхен), 16 (17), pp. 3-22. — Reprinted in: Olexa Horbatsch. Gesammelte Aufsätze. Vol. IV. München 1993, pp. 59-77.
Jagić 1907 — Vatroslav Jagić. “Johannes Uževič, ein Grammatiker des 17. Jh.” In: Archiv für slavische Philologie 29 (1907), pp. 154–160.
Keipert 2001 — Helmut Keipert. “‘Rozmova/Besěda': Das Gesprächsbuch Slav. No. 7 der Bibliothèque nationale de France.” In: Zeitschrift für Slavische Philologie 60.1, pp. 9-40.
Nimchuk 1985 — Німчу́к, Васи́ль Васи́льович. Мовознавство на Україні в XIV-XVII ст. Київ 1985, pp. 155-198.
Shevelov 1979 — George Y. Shevelov. A historical phonology of the Ukrainian language. Heidelberg 1979.
Sobolevskiy 1906 — Соболевский, Алексей Иванович. “Грамматика И. Ужевича.” In: Чтенія въ Историческомъ обществѣ Нестора Лѣтописца. Vol. 19.V.2 (1906), pp. 3–7.
Zhovtobryukh 1976 — Жовто́брюх, Миха́йло Андрі́йович. “«Граматика словенская» Івана Ужевича — пам'ятка староукраїнської літературної мови." In: Слово і труд: До сімдесятиріччя академіка Івана Костянтиновича Білодіда. Київ 1976, pp. 167–179.
1610s births
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death unknown
17th-century Ukrainian people
17th-century Polish people
17th-century linguists
Linguists from Ukraine
Linguists from Poland
Slavists
Belarusian language
Ruthenian people of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
People of Volhynia
Ukrainians in Poland
Polish expatriates in France
Ukrainian expatriates in France
Jagiellonian University alumni
University of Paris alumni
Bansian or Banssian, is a medium-size village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State, India. It is situated on Phillaur-Nawanshahr Road and located 4.6 km from Nagar, 11.3 km from Phillaur, 54 km from Jalandhar and 115 km from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Caste
The village has schedule caste (SC) constitutes 14.54% of total population of the village and it doesn't have any Schedule Tribe (ST) population.
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however, Bhatian Railway Station is 17 km away from the village.
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 42 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also a second nearest international airport is 149 km away in Amritsar.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
Agrypon flaveolatum is a species of parasitoid wasp belonging to the family Ichneumonidae described by Johann Ludwig Christian Gravenhorst in 1807. It is a parasite of the larva of the winter moth (Operophtera brumata), and has been used in biological pest control to control this moth, whose larvae feed on foliage and defoliate trees.
Ecology
Agrypon flaveolatum is native to Europe and Asia where it is a parasitoid of geometrid moths. When the winter moth (Operophtera brumata) was accidentally introduced into Nova Scotia, Canada, in the 1920s, it caused the damage and death of many native trees by defoliation. In 1949 it was declared to be an invasive pest species and six species of parasitic insects were imported from Europe in an attempt to control it. Two of these insects became established in Nova Scotia, the fly Cyzenis albicans as well as A. flaveolatum. Although they were unable to prevent the winter moth from spreading to other areas, they are likely to accompany their host to new locations and may reduce the rate at which it spreads. In 1954, in a study area, each tree was associated with more than a thousand adult winter moths, but by 1963, fewer than one moth per tree was present, a good example of classical biological control.
Another outbreak of winter moths occurred on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada, where it was accompanied by the bruce spanworm (Operophtera bruceata). Here, at high densities the winter moth was controlled by the fly and the parasitoid wasp, but at low densities, a more important factor seems to have been the native beetles that ate the moth pupae. When an outbreak of winter moths occurred in the US state of Massachusetts in the first decade of the 21st century, the fly was the biological control of choice because it was feared that the wasp might parasitise other geometrid moths, of which there were about a dozen rare species in the state.
References
Ichneumonidae
Insects described in 1807
Grant County is a county in central Indiana in the United States Midwest. At the time of the 2020 census, the population was 66,674. The county seat is Marion. Important paleontological discoveries, dating from the Pliocene epoch, have been made at the Pipe Creek Sinkhole in Grant County.
History
Grant County was formed in 1831 by settlers from Kentucky and Virginia. It was named for Captains Samuel and Moses Grant of Kentucky, who were killed fighting indigenous warriors north of the Ohio River. Their home county was also named for them, Grant County, Kentucky.
In 1831, Martin Boots and David Branson each donated 30 acres of land to begin a settlement called Marion. This land was on the north side of a fast-flowing and scenic river which the Miami Indians called Mississinewa. Marion was designated as the County Seat.
As the county was developed for agriculture, the county seat became a center of trade and business, as well as government and the court system. On 7 August 1930, a mob of an estimated 5,000 people took three African-American men, Thomas Shipp and Abram Smith, both 19, and James Cameron, 16, from the county jail. They were suspects in a robbery/murder and rape. The first two were hanged from trees in the courthouse square. Cameron was spared and later became a civil rights activist. This was the last lynching in Indiana.
In 1982, Stephen Johnson was elected as Grant County's first full-time prosecutor. He served for five terms, from 1983 through 2002.
Geography
Grant County consists of low rolling hills, covered with vegetation and devoted to agriculture or urban development. The Mississinewa River flows northwesterly through the center of the county toward Mississinewa Lake in adjacent Miami County. The highest terrain consists of two rises in southeast Upland, at 950' (290m) ASL. According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.80%) is land and (or 0.20%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Grant County shares a border with nine neighboring counties, more than any other county in Indiana.
Huntington County - northeast
Wells County - northeast
Blackford County - east
Delaware County - southeast
Madison County - south
Tipton County - southwest
Howard County - west
Miami County - northwest
Wabash County - northwest
Major highways
- Interstate Highway
- Federal Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
- State Highway
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Marion have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives, elected to four-year terms from county districts, are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk, elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Grant County is part of Indiana's 5th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 17, 19 and 21; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 31, 32 and 82.
Demographics
2010 United States Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 70,061 people, 27,245 households, and 18,000 families in the county. The population density was . There were 30,443 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.2% white, 7.0% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 1.4% from other races, and 2.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 19.5% were German, 12.4% were American, 10.0% were Irish, and 9.0% were English.
Of the 27,245 households, 29.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.0% were married couples living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.9% were non-families, and 28.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.89. The median age was 39.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $49,860. Males had a median income of $40,146 versus $28,588 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,792. About 12.0% of families and 17.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.
Localities
Cities
Gas City
Jonesboro
Marion
Towns
Fairmount
Fowlerton
Matthews
Swayzee
Sweetser
Upland
Van Buren
Census-designated places
Herbst
Jalapa
Landess
Mier
Point Isabel
Sims
Unincorporated communities
Arcana
Cole
Farrville
Fox
Friendly Corner
Hackleman
Hanfield
Jadden
Michaelsville
Normal
Radley
Rigdon
Roseburg
Weaver
Townships
Center
Fairmount
Franklin
Green
Jefferson
Liberty
Mill
Monroe
Pleasant
Richland
Sims
Van Buren
Washington
Education
School districts include:
Eastbrook Community School Corporation
Madison-Grant United School Corporation
Marion Community Schools
Mississinewa Community School Corporation
Oak Hill United School Corporation
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grant County, Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1831 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1831
Underwater Moonlight is the second studio album by English rock band The Soft Boys, released on 28 June 1980 by record label Armageddon.
Initially unsuccessful, the album has gone on to be viewed as a psychedelic classic, influential on the development of the neo-psychedelia music genre and on a number of bands, especially R.E.M. It is included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Recording
The album was recorded between January and June 1980 at the Alaska and James Morgan studios in London, and during June 1979 at Spaceward Studios in Cambridge. The London sessions were produced by Pat Collier, while the Cambridge sessions were produced by Spaceward Studios staff. The recordings were done on 4- and 8-track, and only cost £600.
Release
Underwater Moonlight was released 28 June 1980 by Armageddon Records.
The album was initially unsuccessful commercially, especially in the United Kingdom, where over half the sales were exports to America.
Reception
Bill Holdship of Rolling Stone, in his 2001 review, wrote that the album "offers modern listeners some great, great rock songs". In his retrospective review, Stephen Thomas Erlewine, writing for AllMusic, felt that the music on the album showed the influence of The Beatles, The Byrds and Syd Barrett.
Legacy
Whilst commercially unsuccessful originally, Underwater Moonlight has gone on to be viewed as a one-off psychedelic classic. Matt LeMay of Pitchfork, in a 2010 review, felt that the album was commercially unsuccessful because the timing was wrong: at the time of its release, audiences had little interest in "music that incorporated the indelible harmonies of the Byrds and the surrealism of Syd Barrett", but that anyhow the album is "best considered with the benefit of hindsight, and for all the famous music it inspired, there is still nothing quite like Underwater Moonlight". In 2001, Bill Holdship of Rolling Stone wrote that the album's influences could be detected "on bands ranging from R.E.M. and The Replacements to The Stone Roses and the Pixies". According to Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic, Underwater Moonlight "influenced the jangle pop of R.E.M. and other underground pop of the 1980s."
It is included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the 2001 Matador reissue liner notes.
The Soft Boys
Robyn Hitchcock – guitar, vocals, rhythm bass (5)
Kimberley Rew – guitar, vocals, bass (7), synthesiser (7)
Matthew Seligman – bass
Morris Windsor – drums, vocals
Additional personnel
Gerry Hale – violin (5, 10)
Andy King – sitar (3)
Technical personnel
Pat Collier – production (1–3, 5, 6, 8–10, 12–18), engineering (1, 8, 12–18)
James Morgan – engineering (2, 3, 5, 6, 9, 10)
Mike Kemp – production, engineering (4, 7, 11, 19)
The Soft Boys – production (4, 7, 11, 19)
Production notes
Disc 1: tracks 4, 7, 11, 19 recorded June 1979 at Spaceward Studios, Cambridge; all other tracks, except track 14, recorded January–June 1980 at Alaska and James Morgan studios, London; track 14 recorded July 1980 at Alaska, London
Disc 2: rehearsals taped on a boombox or recorded on a two-track machine at the Cambridge Rowing Club Boathouse, September 1979–July 1980
References
External links
Underwater Moonlight (Adobe Flash) at Radio3Net (streamed copy where licensed)
The Soft Boys albums
1980 albums
For the year, see 471 or 471 BC
For mathematical properties, see under 400 (number)
471 may also refer to:
Highways numbered 471
ČD Class 471 The Class 471 electric motor unit
E471 glyceryl mono/distearate (food additive)
Babbington Colliery, also known as Cinderhill Colliery, was a coal mine in Cinderhill, Nottinghamshire, England. The mine opened in 1841, and was the first large-scale coal mine in the county. It took its name from its original owner, the Babbington Coal Company, founded in 1839 to work shallow mines near Babbington, a hamlet some to the west of the later colliery. Babbington Colliery had a long life, and did not close until 1986.
The site is now the location of a business park, and the Phoenix Park tram terminus of the Nottingham Express Transit. It lies within the current boundaries of the City of Nottingham.
The colliery was linked to the railway network by the Cinderhill Colliery Railway, part of which is now used by the Phoenix Park branch of the Nottingham Express Transit.
References
1841 establishments in England
1986 disestablishments in England
Coal mines in Nottinghamshire
Underground mines in England
Two human polls comprised the 1952 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 1, at the end of the 1952 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
Final Coaches' Poll
The final UP Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on
Michigan State received 32 of the 35 first-place votes; one each went to Georgia Tech, Notre Dame, and Oklahoma.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pacific Coast (later AAWU / Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
Kervin René García Sandoval (born 7 December 1990) is a Guatemalan footballer who plays as a defender for Liga Nacional club Iztapa and the Guatemala national team.
Career
García is the youngest of 5 siblings, his brother Nathan is also a professional footballer in Guatemala. Kervin worked as a bricklayer and fisherman as he played amateur footballer on the side. He worked his way up through the Guatemalan football divisions, having played with Sanarate and Iztapa. On 19 July 2020, he signed with Antigua.
International career
García made his international debut for the Guatemala national team in a friendly 2–1 win over Honduras on 15 November 2020.
References
External links
NFT Profile
1990 births
Living people
People from Izabal Department
Guatemalan footballers
Guatemala international footballers
Association football defenders
Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala players
Antigua GFC players
2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
This is a list of hospitals and clinics in Yangon, Myanmar.
Public
500-bed Specialty Hospital, Yangon
Defence Services General Hospital (1000-bed)
Defence Services Orthopaedic Hospital (500-Bed)
Defence Services Obstetric, Gynaecological and Paediatric Hospital
East Yangon General Hospital
Insein General Hospital
New Yangon General Hospital
New Yangon Specialist Hospital
No.2 Military Hospital (500-bed)
North Okkalapa General Hospital
South Okkalapa Women and Children Hospital
Thingangyun Sanpya Hospital
Universities Hospital
Waibargi Hospital
West Yangon General Hospital
Yangon Central Women's Hospital
Yangon Children's Hospital
Yangon ENT Hospital
Yangon General Hospital
Yangon Orthopaedic Hospital
Yangon Workers' Hospital
Yangon Mental Health Hospital
Yankin Children's Hospital
Private
Academy Hospital
Ar Yu International Hospital
Asia Royal Hospital
Aung Yadana Hospital
Bahosi Hospital
Chan Myae Mitta
East West Parami
Gadayhtay Hospital
Grand Hantha International Hospital
Green Cross Hospital
Guru Nanak Hospital
Hla Tun Hospice Cancer Foundation
Jivitadana Sangha Hospital (for Buddhist clergy)
Kan Thar Yar International Specialist Hospital
Kwe Kabaw Hospital
Lumbini Hospital
Mahar Myaing Hospital
MMCW
Muslim Free Dispensary & Medical Relief Society
Mya Parami Hospital
Myint Myat Taw Win
Moe Myittar Hospital
OSC Hospital
Pinlon Hospital
Parami General Hospital
Pun Hlaing International Hospital
Rose Hill Hospital
Sakura Hospital
Shin Pa Ku
Shwe Baho
Shwegondaing Specialist Centre (SSC)
Shwepadauk Hospital
Shwe La Min
Tet Lann Hospital
Thukha Kabar Hospital
Thukha Waddy Hospital
University Avenue Health Centre (UHC)
Witoriya Hospital
Yangon Medical Center
Mya Parami Hospital
Byar Dake Pan Hospital
Thukha Waddy Hospital
References
Hospitals
Yangon-related lists
Yangon
Semionis is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are three described species in Semionis, two of them extinct.
Species
These three species belong to the genus Semionis:
Semionis rarus Nixon, 1965 (South Africa)
† Semionis nixoni Tobias, 1987 (Baltic amber)
† Semionis wightensis Belokobylskij, 2014 (Bembridge Marls)
References
Microgastrinae
Suddaby is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Elsie Suddaby (1893–1980), British lyric soprano
Glenn T. Suddaby (born 1956), American judge
Peter Suddaby (born 1947), English footballer
Rowland Suddaby (1912–1972), British artist and illustrator
Back to the Past (Chinese: 尋秦記) is an upcoming Hong Kong historical science fiction action film directed by Ng Yuen-fai and Jack Lai, with action direction by Sammo Hung. The film is a continuation of the 2001 television series, A Step into the Past, which was based on Huang Yi's novel, The Chronicles of Searching Qin. It stars the original cast members of the series Louis Koo, Jessica Hsuan, Raymond Lam, Sonija Kwok, Joyce Tang and Michelle Saram reprising their roles from the series. Produced by Koo's One Cool Film Production, filming for Back to the Past in April 2019 in Guizhou and wrapped up on 7 July 2019.
On 16 March 2021, the first teaser trailer for the film was released.
Plot
After being wrongfully imprisoned for many years, Ken swears to travel back to the past and become the Emperor to make up the life wasted while incarcerated. Back in the Qin dynasty, although Hong Siu-lung have been living in recluse with his family, his protege, Qin Shi Huang Ying Ching still keeps an eye on his every move. Just when Qin Shi Huang was uniting the six kingdoms, Ken makes a surprise attack on him, he has no choice but to go to his former mentor. Hong and Ying meet again for the first time in twenty years, along with time traveller Ken who swears to alter history, the three will most definitely stir up a crisis in the Qin dynasty that will change the destiny.
Cast
Louis Koo as Hong Siu-lung ()
Jessica Hsuan as Wu Ting-fong ()
Raymond Lam as Ying Ching ()
Sonija Kwok as Kam Ching ()
Joyce Tang as Sin-yau ()
Michelle Saram as Princess Chiu Sin ()
Kevin Chu
Louis Cheung
Jimmy Au as To Fong (陶方)
Wong Man-piu as Tang Yik (滕翼)
Liu Kai-chi as Professor Wu Yau (烏有博士)
John Tang as Lee Siu-chiu (李小超)
Timmy Hung
Production
Development
For many years, Louis Koo has expressed interest in adapting A Step into the Past to the big screen. Koo's film production company, One Cool Film Production, was able to acquire the rights the series in 2015 and a film version of the series was greenlit.
In March 2018, it was announced that aside from Koo, Jessica Hsuan and Raymond Lam will also be reprising their roles from the series and production was to begin at the end if 2018 with budget of US$45 million. Jack Lai will be set to direct and make his directoral debut.
In February 2019, it was announced that Sammo Hung will serve as the film's action director.
On 18 March 2019, the film was promoted at the 2019 Hong Kong FILMART. Aside from Koo, Hsuan and Lam, series cast members Joyce Tang and Michelle Saram were also present at the event, confirming their participation in the film. Visual effects artists Ng Yuen-fai will also co-direct the film with Lai.
Filming
Principal photography for Back to the Past began in April 2019 in Guizhou. On 12 April 2019, photos from the set were revealed, showing Koo's costume. Production for the film officially wrapped on 7 July 2019.
See also
Sammo Hung filmography
List of films based on television programs
References
External links
Official website at One Cool Film
Back to the Past on Douban
Back to the Past at AsianFilmFans
Upcoming films
Cultural depictions of Qin Shi Huang
Hong Kong science fiction action films
Hong Kong martial arts films
Hong Kong historical films
Martial arts science fiction films
Wuxia films
Cantonese-language films
Upcoming directorial debut films
Films based on Chinese novels
Films based on television series
Films about time travel
Films set in the Warring States period
Films shot in Guizhou
(1962 – April 14, 2005), better known by his stage name , was a Japanese noise musician. He was one of the earliest in Japan's noise scene, and it was Iwasaki who organized Masami Akita's first Merzbow show in Osaka, Japan. He was also involved in ABM (with Fusao Toda and Naoto Hayashi), MXM (with Macronympha), and Sian (with Aube).
Iwasaki died in a motorcycle accident in 2005.
Discography
Portuguese Man-of-War (1991)
Irresponsibility (1991)
Purgatory (1992)
Psychosomatic Performance (1993)
Selected Noise Works 93-94 (1994)
Fragmentagraph (1996) (split with Pain Jerk)
Monde Bruits (1999)
References
External links
1962 births
2005 deaths
Japanese experimental musicians
Noise musicians
20th-century Japanese musicians
"Moonlight Becomes You" (song), a 1942 popular song by Jimmy Van Heusen and Johnny Burke
Moonlight Becomes You (album), a 1994 album by Willie Nelson
Moonlight Becomes You (film), a 1998 TV-movie starring Donna Mills
Moonlight Becomes You (novel), a 1996 novel by Mary Higgins Clark
Francisco Avitia Tapia (13 May 1915 – 29 June 1995), commonly known as "El Charro Avitia", was a Mexican singer, primarily of ranchera and corrido genres. His best known songs include "Maquina 501," "Caballo alazán lucero," and "El Muchacho Alegre". He also acted in films such as Primero soy mexicano (1950) and El zurdo (1965).
Avitia was born in Pilar de Conchos (Valle de Zaragoza), Chihuahua, and at the age of six his family moved to Ciudad Juárez. He died from cardiac arrest in a Mexico City hospital at the age of 80.
Filmography
Primero soy mexicano (1950)
If I Were Just Anyone (1950)
The Masked Tiger (1951)
La venganza del Diablo (1955)
Sed de amor (1959)
El zurdo (1965)
Variedades de media noche (1977)
Viva México (1977)
References
Ranchera singers
Mexican male film actors
People from Chihuahua (state)
1915 births
1995 deaths
20th-century Mexican male actors
20th-century Mexican male singers
{{Infobox election
| election_name = 1978 Hammersmith Borough Council election
| type = Parliamentary
| previous_election = 1974 Hammersmith London Borough Council election
| previous_year = 1974
| election_date = 4 May 1978
| next_election = 1982 Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council election
| next_year = 1982
| seats_for_election = All 50 seats to Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council
| majority_seats = 26
| turnout = 47.6% (6.3%)
| image1 =
| party1 = Conservative Party (UK)
| last_election1 = 10 seats, 35.5%
| seats1 = 24
| seat_change1 = 14| popular_vote1 = 24,048| percentage1 = 47.6%| swing1 = 11.1%
| image2 =
| party2 = Labour Party (UK)
| last_election2 = 48 seats, 56.0%
| seats2 = 24| seat_change2 = 24
| popular_vote2 = 22,296
| percentage2 = 45.6%
| swing2 = 11.0%
| image3 =
| party3 = Liberal Party (UK)
| last_election3 = 2 seats, 7.0%
| seats3 = 2
| seat_change3 =
| popular_vote3 = 2,521
| percentage3 = 3.9%
| swing3 = 3.1%
| map_image = Hammersmith and Fulham London UK local election 1978 map.svg
| map_size = 250px
| map_caption = Map of the results of the 1978 Hammersmith council election. Conservatives in blue and Labour in red.
| title = Council control
| posttitle = Council control after election
| before_election =
| before_party = Labour Party (UK)
| after_election =
| after_party = No overall control
}}
The 1978 Hammersmith Council election''' took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Hammersmith London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election, with an extra two wards and 10 fewer councillors - and the council went in no overall control.
Background
The number of council seats was reduced from 60 to 50 - with the new council comprising 19 two seat wards, and 4 three seat wards.
Both Labour and the Conservatives fielded a full slate of 50 candidates.
The Liberal Party ran 20 candidates across 15 wards - an increase from the 19 candidates they fielded in 1974.
The National Front fielded 14 candidates across 7 wards - gaining an average of 81 votes each.
Across London the National Front ran 602 candidates - pulling in an average of 151 votes each.
The 'Save London Alliance' ran 18 candidates across 12 wards in a variety of alliances with 'West Kensington Environment' (9 candidates), 'Ratepayers Association' (2 candidates), 'Glenthorne Road Campaign' (1 candidate) and without additional alliance (6 candidates). Across London 80 other candidates stood under the 'Save London Alliance' banner.
In the White City & Shepherd's Bush ward three candidates stood for 'Socialist Unity' - a further 9 candidates across London stood for the same party.
In the same ward a single candidate stood for the Workers Revolutionary Party - the party fielded a further 15 candidates across London.
In an era when candidates could choose their party designation without reference to an officially registered entity - one person in the Broadway ward ran under the 'Retired Garage Proprietor' banner. He finished just ahead of the National Front and Save London Alliance candidates.
One candidate in the Coleshill ward stood as an 'Independent Conservative' - across London, four other candidates used the same party name.
In the Wormholt ward a single candidate stood for the 'British United Party' - two other candidates across London used the same banner.
Whilst Communist Party fielded 97 candidates across London at these elections - none stood in Hammersmith.
No candidates in Hammersmith listed themselves as 'Independent' at this election.
A total of 159 candidates put themselves forward for the 50 available seats - an increase from the 145 candidates who contested the 60 seats in 1974.
Election result
The Conservative Party won 24 seats and the Labour Party also won 24 seats. With just two seats, the Liberal Party held the balance of power with no party in overall control.
The two Liberal councillors voted with the Conservatives and removed Labour, after 8 years in control of Hammersmith.
Ward results
Addison
Avonmore
Broadway
Brook Green
Colehill
College Park & Old Oak
Coningham
Crabtree
Eel Brook
Gibbs Green
Grove
Margravine
Normand
Palace
Ravenscourt
Sands End
Sherbrooke
Starch Green
Sulivan
Town
Walham
White City & Shepherds Bush
Wormholt
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
20th century in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Chatham is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
History
A post office called Chatham was established in 1871, and remained in operation until 1904. The community was most likely named after Chatham, New York.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Aigualluts is a karst formation and waterfall in the Province of Huesca, northeastern Spain. It lies along the Ésera River, at 2074 m above sea level on Pico Aneto.
Description
A walk of just an hour and a half in total duration, essential for anyone who travels to the Benasque Valley for the first time, being probably the most visited place in this valley. The Forau de Aiguallut is a chasm through which the waters from the Aneto glacier disappear to resurface again in the Val d'Aran, in the Garonne river basin, which flows into the Atlantic Sea in the French city of Bordeaux. Before its disappearance, the waters coming from the Aneto glacier flow into the great meadow of the Plan d'Aigualluts, where it meanders in small meanders until it falls through the colorful Aiguallut waterfall which flows directly into the great chasm of Aiguallut.
References
Geography of the Province of Huesca
Waterfalls of Spain
Landforms of Aragon
Notre Dame High School (also known as NDHS, Notre Dame H.S., Notre Dame, or simply Dame) is an all-girls Roman Catholic secondary school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. This school is a member of the Toronto Catholic District School Board (formerly the Metropolitan Separate School Board).
Tne school was founded by the Sisters of the Congregation of Notre Dame in 1941. Notre Dame is one of 30 high schools run by the TCDSB and one of six all-girls schools, and currently has an enrollment of 670 students. The school's patron saint is Marguerite Bourgeoys.
History
In 1941, the Congregation of Notre Dame founded Notre Dame High School to provide education for young Catholic women. Up until recently, the Sisters of the Congregation have been teaching at the school throughout its long history. The school has grown over the years such as in 1963, O'Connor Hall was built as the second building of the school; the first being the main building. In the 1970s, Notre Dame had a total of 1,111 students, and moved into the second and third floors of the neighbouring St. John Catholic School. Currently, the school uses three buildings, but only part of the third floor of St. John's.
In 1967, the school reached an agreement with the Metropolitan Separate School Board, placing the Grade 9 and 10 students would be under the publicly funded separate school system and Grades 11, 12, and 13 would continue by the Congregation. In 1984, the government started funding the last three years of high school and by 1987, Notre Dame was ceased as a private school, joining the board in the process.
Notre Dame underwent two accommodation reviews due to excessive overcrowding and its site size of an acre due to lack of playing field and the use of St. John's third floor. First in 2001 when the board attempted to acquire additional land for the construction of a larger school, then again in 2009 when the board attempted to relocate and/or consolidate Notre Dame with either St. Patrick or Neil McNeil with the building demolished and the school yard being expanded back to St. John. Subsequently, the board attempted to relocate the school and Neil McNeil to the closed Midland Avenue Collegiate Institute and the options were unsuccessful.
Tradition
The most notable tradition that has been held at Notre Dame are the white dresses that are worn at the Prom. Though many senior students in the past have fought with the parent council to change, it has yet to happen. As of 2019 this has changed, the students are allowed to wear any colour.
Events
12 Days of Christmas
Academic Awards and Honor Roll Breakfast
Activity Day
Artsmas
Art's Night
Athletic Banquet
Biennial Multicultural Day
Biennial Musical Theatre
Biennial Sears Drama Festival
Black History Month
Camp Olympia
Christmas Baskets
Christmas Assembly
Opening Assembly
Closing Assembly
Dance Off
Grade Eight Open House
Grade Nine Getaway
Grade Twelve Retreat
Halloween Assembly
International Women's Day
March Break Trip
Poetry Night
Semi-Formal
Ski Day
Spirit Week
Thanksgiving Food Drive
Walk-A-Thon
Athletics
Badminton
Cross Country
Tennis
Swimming
Basketball
Cross Country
Hockey
Ski
Soccer
Softball
Table Tennis
Track
Volleyball
Clubs
Anime Club
Art Club
Avidity Hip Hop Crew
Board Game Club
Black History Club
Catholic Leadership Group
Chaplaincy Team
Contemporary Dance Company
CSUNA
Dame Detectives
Fashion Club
Film Club
Fitness Club
Girl Up
God Squad
Green Team
Junior/Senior Band
Me to We
Prom Committee
Reach For the Top
Science Club
Yearbook Committee
See also
List of high schools in Ontario
Toronto Catholic District School Board
High schools in Toronto
Catholic secondary schools in Ontario
Educational institutions established in 1941
Girls' schools in Canada
1941 establishments in Ontario
The 2022 Grambling State Tigers football team will represent Grambling State University as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They will be led by head coach Hue Jackson, who will be coaching his first season with the program. The Tigers will play their home games at Eddie Robinson Stadium in Grambling, Louisiana.
Schedule
Grambling State finalized their 2022 schedule on January 26, 2022.
References
Grambling State Tigers
Grambling State Tigers football seasons
Grambling State Tigers
Andrew Kelly (born 26 June 1981 in Alexandria, Scotland) is a former Scotland Club XV international rugby union player. He played for Glasgow Warriors at the Tighthead Prop position.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He came through the Ayr RFC youth system before being snapped up by the Warriors. He played for Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians and moved back to Ayr in 2010.
Professional career
He was a member of the 1999 Glasgow Thistles squad which went to New Zealand for rugby training.
From Ayr he signed for Glasgow Warriors.
International career
He has played for the Scotland U21 side.
He has also played for the Scotland Club XV.
External links
Scottish rugby biography
Pro12 biography
Statbuker biography
References
1981 births
Living people
Ayr RFC players
Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians RFC players
Glasgow Warriors players
Rugby union players from Alexandria, West Dunbartonshire
Scotland Club XV international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union props
"Liebesspieler" (Love Player) is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the only single and the second track from their album Unter falscher Flagge.
The song is about a man who goes to the horse race track to bet and win money. At first it seems that the horse (named Liebesspieler) is going to win, but the horse doesn't win and the money is lost.
The band had a session with DJ John Peel on 30 June 1984 and they released the songs as b-sides to the single.
There is also an English version of the song on Love, Peace & Money, titled "Love Is Here".
Track listing
"Liebesspieler" (von Holst, Breitkopf, Frege/Frege) − 2:50
Die John Peel Session:
"Spiel mir das Lied vom Tod" (Play me the song of death; German title for Once Upon a Time in the West) (Ennio Morricone) − 1:14
"Es ist vorbei" − 2:27
"Till to the Bitter End" (Frege/Frege) − 2:48 (English version of "Bis zum bitteren Ende")
"Seafever" (Breitkopf, Frege, von Holst, Meurer, Trimpop/Frege) − 3:38 (English version of "Reisefieber")
"Hofgarten" (Court garden) (Breitkopf, von Holst, Meurer/von Holst) − 1:41
1984 singles
Songs written by Michael Breitkopf
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Campino (singer)
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
1984 songs
Marcilio Florencio Mota Filho commonly known as Nino (born 10 April 1997) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Fluminense.
International career
On 17 June 2021, Nino was named in the Brazil squad for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Career statistics
Honours
Fluminense
Taça Guanabara: 2022
Campeonato Carioca: 2022
Brazil Olympic
Summer Olympics: 2020
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Sport Club do Recife players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Fluminense FC players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Olympic footballers of Brazil
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in football
Olympic gold medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Recife
The Porto Cathedral () is a Roman Catholic church located in the historical centre of the city of Porto, Portugal. It is one of the city's oldest monuments and one of the most important local Romanesque monuments.
Overview
Unlike what's often written, the current Cathedral of Porto was not built under the patronage of Bishop Hugo since the pre-Romanesque church is still mentioned in the De Expugnatione Lyxbonensi as still extant in 1147. This means the present building was only started in the second half of the century and it would be constantly under works well until the 16th century (without counting later Baroque and 20th century interventions), but there is evidence that the city has been a bishopric seat since the Suevi domination in the 5th-6th centuries.
The cathedral is flanked by two square towers, each supported with two buttresses and crowned with a cupola. The façade lacks decoration and is rather architecturally heterogeneous. It shows a Baroque porch and a beautiful Romanesque rose window under a crenellated arch, giving the impression of a fortified church.
The Romanesque nave is rather narrow and is covered by barrel vaulting. It is flanked by two aisles with a lower vault. The stone roof of the central aisle is supported by flying buttresses, making the building one of the first in Portugal to use this architectonic feature.
This first Romanesque building has suffered many alterations but the general aspect of the façade has remained romanesque.
Around 1333 the Gothic funerary chapel of João Gordo was added. João was a Knight Hospitaller who worked for King Dinis I. His tomb is decorated with his recumbent figure and reliefs of the Apostles. Also from the Gothic period is the elegant cloister, built between the 14th and the 15th centuries during the reign of King John I, who married English Princess Philippa of Lancaster in Porto Cathedral in 1387.
The external appearance of the Cathedral was greatly altered during Baroque times. In 1772 a new main portal substituted the old Romanesque original and the tower cupolas were altered. In 1736 Italian architect Nicolau Nasoni added an elegant Baroque loggia to the lateral façade of the Cathedral. During the War of the Oranges whilst the battle at Amarante was taking place a group of Spanish soldiers briefly took control of the Cathedral before being overcome by the locals of the town. A marble plaque with a Magnetite backing now hangs up behind the altar in order to remind everyone of those who lost their lives whilst regaining control of the chapel. The magnetite backing was chosen in order to remind those travelling near the cathedral by interfering with the direction in which their compass points,
The interior was also altered during the baroque era. In one of the chapels there is a magnificent silver altarpiece, built in the second half of the 17th century by Portuguese artists. Also in the 17th century the romanesque apse (which had an ambulatory) was torn down and a new one was built in baroque style, later decorated with new wall paintings by Nasoni and choir stalls. The altarpiece of the chapel, designed by Santos Pacheco and executed by Miguel Francisco da Silva between 1727 and 1729, is an important work of Portuguese Baroque.
The three red marble holy-water fonts, supported by a statue, date from the 17th century. The baptistery contains a bronze bas-relief by António Teixeira Lopes, depicting the baptism of Christ by John the Baptist.
The South transept arm gives access to the Gothic cloister, which is decorated with baroque azulejos by Valentim de Almeida (between 1729 and 1731). They depict the life of the Virgin Mary and Ovid's Metamorphoses. The remains of the Early-Romanesque ambulatory contain a few sarcophagi. The terrace is decorated with tile panels by António Vidal. The coffered ceiling of the chapter house was painted with allegories of moral values by Pachini in 1737.
Mass is celebrated at 11am each day.
See also
Lisbon Cathedral
Silves Cathedral
Viseu Cathedral
References
Sources
Portugal/1 - Europa Romanica, Gerhard N Graf, Ediciones Encuentro, Madrid, 1987
General Bureau for National Buildings and Monuments (Portugal)
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1737
Roman Catholic churches in Porto
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Portugal
Romanesque architecture in Portugal
Gothic architecture in Portugal
Baroque church buildings in Portugal
History of Porto
Azulejos in buildings in Portugal
National monuments in Porto District
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Portugal
Lainingthou Pishatao (), mononymously known as Pisatao (), is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion. He is the god of craftsmen and architects. He is regarded as the divine personification of the ultimate reality, the abstract creative power inherent in deities, living and non living beings in the universe.
He is one of the divine manifestations of Supreme God Atingkok (Tengbanba Mapu). In many legends, he is one of the four Gods who control the four directions.
Historically, his pantheon was replaced by Vishwakarma of Hinduism. However, with the dedicated efforts of several organizations and associations including the "South East Asia Cultural Organisation" (SEACO), the status of his pantheon is reviving day by day in Manipur.
References
External links
https://archive.org/stream/in.ernet.dli.2015.461915/2015.461915.A-Critical_djvu.txt
Abundance deities
Abundance gods
Arts deities
Arts gods
Crafts deities
Crafts gods
Creator deities
Creator gods
Fire deities
Fire gods
Fortune deities
Fortune gods
Industry deities
Industry gods
Kings in Meitei mythology
Knowledge deities
Knowledge gods
Magic deities
Magic gods
Maintenance deities
Maintenance gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Ningthou
Smithing deities
Smithing gods
Time and fate deities
Time and fate gods
Wisdom deities
Wisdom gods
Dabasa ciminius is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
Other members of the genus Dabasa include:
Dabasa amphis
Dabasa arribas
Dabasa brunei
Dabasa evan
Dabasa gyas
Dabasa hegylus
Dabasa lachinus
Dabasa langsonensis
Dabasa nagamasai
Dabasa payeni
Dabasa porus
Dabasa sciron
References
Dabasa
Chapel Arm is a settlement in Newfoundland, Canada, located at the southeast corner of Trinity Bay, approximately west of St. John's and two km (one and a half miles) from the Trans-Canada Highway.
With the exception of a few families, the religious denominations are Anglican and Roman Catholic. It has two churches, two parish halls, an LOL hall and a modern elementary school serving the communities of Chapel Arm, Normans cove, Bellevue and Long Harbour. It has a doctor's office, municipal building, post office, pharmacist, hardware store, and several auto garages.
The majority of people in Chapel Arm own their own homes. There is a well constructed breakwater with landing and docking facilities and a community building used for storage. There are banking facilities and a clinic located at Whitbourne about 13 km (eight miles) away.
With the ongoing construction of the Vale Canada hydro-metallurgical facility in Long Harbour, Chapel Arm has seen a sharp spike in employment and prosperity over the last several years.
Name origin
No one is sure how Chapel Arm got its name. According to M. F. Howley, it was named for Lieutenant Edward Chappell, who sailed up Trinity Bay in 1818 (Encyclopedia of J.R. Smallwood). Historical records would suggest this claim to be incorrect. Early records of Trinity and the records of Benjamin Lester, a Poole merchant working there, mentions: "on November 10, 1767 sent sloop to Chapple for a load of birch and ships timbers that was left there".
The name of Chapel Arm goes back to 1765–1772, when James Cook and Michael Lane surveyed the coastal waters of Trinity Bay. Chapel Arm was more likely named for the spire-shaped headlands which can be seen as you enter this beautiful arm, since these headlands resemble a church or chapel roof.
The latter is the theory accepted by the majority of the population today.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Chapel Arm had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
See also
List of municipalities in Newfoundland and Labrador
References
Populated coastal places in Canada
Towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
Stilbene synthase may refer to:
Pinosylvin synthase (Pine stilbene synthase)
Trihydroxystilbene synthase (Resveratrol synthase)
Don Mason (8 September 1929 – 20 January 1980) was a Canadian actor best known for his leading voice role in Gerry Anderson's Stingray (1964–65) as Captain Troy Tempest.
Selected filmography
O.S.S. as Co-Pilot
More Deadly than the Male (Film, 1959) as Narrator (voice)
International Detective (TV series, 1961) as Brent/the Foreman
Studio 4 (TV series, 1962) as 1st Officer
Suspense (TV series, 1962) as Co-Pilot
The Forest Rangers (1964) as Steve
Stingray (1964-65) as Captain Troy Tempest (voice)
The Marvel Super Heroes (1966) as Rick Jones
Noah's Animals (TV film, 1976) as Polar Bear (voice)
King of the Beasts (TV film, 1977) as Polar Bear (voice)
Last of the Red-Hot Dragons (TV film, 1980) as Polar Bear (voice)
References
External links
1929 births
1980 deaths
Canadian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male voice actors
20th-century Canadian male actors
Drumfusion is an album by drummer and bandleader Chico Hamilton recorded in 1962 and released on the Columbia label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow states: "The music is melodic at times but not boppish, free in spots but not avant-garde. This is a continually infectious and inspiring band".
Track listing
All compositions by Charles Lloyd
"One for Joan" - 8:10
"Freedom Traveler: Prayer/Journey" - 6:17
"Tales" - 5:00
"Homeward" - 6:03
"A Rose for Booker" - 8:01
"Transfusion" - 4:57
Personnel
Chico Hamilton - drums
Garnett Brown - trombone
Charles Lloyd - tenor saxophone, flute
Gábor Szabó - guitar
Albert Stinson - bass
References
Columbia Records albums
Chico Hamilton albums
1962 albums
Albums produced by Irving Townsend
Albums produced by Teo Macero
Alexandre Ziegler, born on 8 September 1969 in Paris, is Senior Executive Vice President, International and Public Affairs of Safran in France.
Biography
On 2 September 2019, Alexandre Ziegler was appointed Senior Executive Vice President, International and Public Affairs of Safran. He is also a member of the executive committee of the Safran Group.
Early life and education
Born on 8 September 1969, Alexandre Ziegler qualified for lectureship in History from (1989-1994). He is a graduate from the Institut d'études politiques de Paris (Institute of Political Studies in Paris) Sciences Po (IEP – Paris, Public Service Section, batch of 1993) and an alumnus of the National School of Administration ( ENA, Marc Bloch batch, 1995–1997). After successfully graduating from ENA, he chose a diplomatic career, becoming a Counsellor of Foreign Affairs.
Career
He joined the French Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs, where he served in the Strategic, Security and Disarmament Affairs Division between 1997 and 2000.
His first foreign posting as a diplomat took him to Hong Kong, where he was Deputy Consul General from 2000 to 2003. He was next posted as First Secretary in Berlin from 2003 to 2007. In 2007, he was appointed as Counsellor for Cooperation and Cultural Action in Beijing, China, where he stayed until 2010.
In 2010, returning to the central administration in Paris, he was appointed Head of Programmes and Network at the Globalisation, Development, and Partnerships Division, Ministry of Foreign Affairs until 2012, when he was called to join the office of the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Alexandre Ziegler was appointed as the Head of the Political Office (Directeur de Cabinet) of the then Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Development, Mr. Laurent Fabius, in June 2013. His tenure at the Minister's office was marked by two international events. The first led him to actively participate in the negotiations of the Paris Climate Agreement (COP21). The second event was the negotiation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, commonly known as the Vienna Agreement on the Iran nuclear programme.
On 10 May 2016, by decree of the President of the French Republic, Alexandre Ziegler was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of France to India, where he was posted until August 2019.
Marriage and children
Alexandre Ziegler is married to Véronique Ziegler, who is a teacher of history and geography. They have five children.
Awards/ Honours
He received the French distinction of Knight of the National Order of Merit (Chevalier de l'Ordre national du Mérite) on 14 November 2016.
References/Notes and references
Official biography on the website of the Embassy of France in India
Our Defence Ties Have Never Been Stronger, Says French Ambassador To India Alexandre Ziegler
French ambassador to India on the future of Indo-French ties
We're studying India's plan for buying fighter jets: French envoy
India has chosen Rafale because it is the best, in any major defence deal, there is confidentiality, says French ambassador
Paris Je T'aime: This Admissions Season, Here's Another Option
Further reading
Jean-Dominique Merchet, « Quai d'Orsay : Alexandre Ziegler, de Fabius à l'Inde », sur lopinion.fr, 10 février 2016.
Etti Bali, « Talking literature, quite the French way with ambassador Alexandre Ziegler », sur hindustantimes.com, 14 janvier 2018.
References
External links
Website of the Embassy of France in India
Website of the French Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs
Website of the President of the French Republic
1969 births
Living people
Ambassadors of France to India
École nationale d'administration alumni
Knights of the National Order of Merit (France)
Rosamund Mary Greenwood (12 June 1907 – 15 July 1997) was a British actress who was active on screen from 1935 until 1990.
Biography
After training at London's Central School, she was on stage from the late 1920s. Her theatre work included starring in the original West End and Broadway productions of Thornton Wilder's The Matchmaker in 1954-1957.
In a career stretching 60 years, Greenwood's screen work included The Prince and the Showgirl, Night of the Demon, Upstairs, Downstairs, All Creatures Great and Small, Angels, Crown Court, and A Perfect Spy, and Hallelujah! in 1983. Her final role, at the age of 83, came in 1990 when she played a witch in the screen adaptation of Roald Dahl's novel The Witches.
She died in July 1997, a month after her 90th birthday.
Filmography
References
External links
1907 births
1997 deaths
English stage actresses
English film actresses
English television actresses
Actresses from Leeds
20th-century English actresses
Alumni of the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama
Puketutu was a flag station on the North Island Main Trunk line, in the Waitomo District of New Zealand. It was north of Kopaki and south of Waiteti.
Initial doubt about the route of the line to the south was resolved by a survey in 1884. It was then said that the bush might provide timber traffic for the railway for 50 years, until it was all converted to farm land. Works were advanced enough for a ministerial party to ride the route to the south on horseback by 1890. Most of the construction was done by cooperatives.
The Public Works Department had contracted the Te Kuiti to Mokau Station section on 9 March 1887 and it opened just over 2 years later. Construction began on the section southward to Poro-O-Tarao tunnel in September 1892. However, for twelve years, from 1889 until the line to Poro-O-Tarao opened on 1 April 1901, Puketutu was the terminus of the line, though, from 18 January 1897, a weekly goods train ran to Poro-O-Tarao. The delay was partly due to poor access and rugged country, but 2 years of the delay were due to economic recession, little work being done from 1890 to 1892.
The name was changed from Mokau to Puketutu on 11 May 1903.
Lack of fencing to the south was an issue when the line opened, with many cattle killed and trains delayed. Although plans for fencing were made in 1885, before the land was bought, it wasn't until 1907 that fencing started and 1909 before it was finished.
A branch line down the Mokau valley to Piopio and Aria was surveyed, but rejected in a ballot (under the 1914 Local Railways Act) in 1922. A extension south to a coal seam at Waitewhena was also considered. From 1933 that mine was served via Ohura on the Stratford–Okahukura Line.
A cattle yard was added in 1924. A railway house was added in 1938.
The line approaching the station was eased when it was electrified.
References
External links
Blue Streak train at Puketutu about 1970
Railway stations in New Zealand
Waitomo District
Rail transport in Waikato
Buildings and structures in Waikato
Railway stations opened in 1889
Railway stations closed in 1977
The Progressive Broadcasting System (PBS) was a short-lived radio network of the early 1950s. "[C]atering to smaller radio stations," the company had hoped to affiliate with around 1,000 radio stations in the United States which did not already have affiliation agreements with the "Big Four" national radio networks of those days: NBC, CBS, ABC, and Mutual, as well as LBS, second in size to Mutual.
Time announced the company's formation on September 4, 1950. Broadcasts began November 26, 1950.
Operation
Progressive planned to offer programming for 10 hours of the day on as many as 350 radio stations. At a press conference August 10, 1950, Progressive President Larry Finley told reporters, "Advertising will be local, except for the night programs, and there will be no network option time." The network's flagship station was KGFJ in Hollywood.
Two hundred stations were needed for the network to break even. However, only "about 100 stations" joined, and the network folded at the end of its schedule on January 31, 1951.
Organization
After "nearly two years of planning and organization," PBS had capitalization of $1,500,000 and was incorporated in California.
Executives of the network included Miller McClintock, chairman and chief executive; Larry Finley, president; Donald Withycomb, executive vice president; Edgar H. Twalmley, vice president in charge of the eastern division; Robert B. White, vice president in charge of the central division; B.B. Robinson, vice president in charge of finance; Kolin Hagar, eastern district manager; and Nat Linden, chief of production.
Programming
Billing its offerings as "The world's greatest daytime network radio programming," PBS made programming ("aimed primarily at the housewife") available to affiliates from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. daily. Programs offered were much like those of other networks, "including an array of soap operas, quiz shows, children's features, variety shows and audience participation programs."
Public service
On December 15, 1950, President Harry S. Truman proclaimed "the existence of a state of national emergency." Afterward, PBS officials sent a letter to approximately 60 agencies and departments of the federal government saying that "its program lines [would be] kept open until 11 p.m. and offering those evening hours to the government for any messages or programs which PBS can take to its member stations in support of defense and emergency activities."
Initial program lineup
The following is the lineup of programs with which PBS launched its operation.
References
Defunct radio networks in the United States
Radio stations established in 1950
Radio stations disestablished in 1951
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Maurício (Moisés) Bensaúde (also known professionally as Maurizio Bensaude) (13 February 1863, in Ponta Delgada – 22 December 1912, in Lisbon), was a Portuguese operatic baritone. He arrived in Lisbon in 1884, where he received vocal training for a short time, and then made his debut in the same year at the Teatro da Trindade in Lisbon, in the opérette La petite mariée by Charles Lecocq. He then worked in another operetta at the Portuguese capital, in the Teatro de D. Maria, where he appeared in operettas and musical comedies. However, he continued to take singing lessons, and began to take on operatic roles as well at the end of the 1880s. He quickly became a success, and went on to have extensive international guest appearances.
In 1896, he sang at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome, playing Riccardo in Bellini's I Puritani in 1897, and playing Gunther in Twilight of the Gods. In the 1893–94 and 1898–99 seasons, he was engaged at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, where he served as Amonasro in the debut of Aida. In 1899, he performed at the Teatro Regio in Turin, and in 1900, he performed at the Covent Garden Opera in London as Amonasro and as Figaro in Barber of Seville. He also had other guest appearances at the Berlin Court Opera, the Teatro Argentina in Rome, Paris and Milan, at the Odessa Opera, and in Zagreb. In 1902 he toured major Australian cities as part of the Melba Australian Concert Tour. He also toured through Brazil and the United States.
In 1910, he gave up his stage career. At times he worked as the head of an opera troupe, with whom he held opera performances in Portugal. He worked as a teacher and was active in the management of the Teatro de São Carlos in Lisbon, but he died two years after his farewell stage.
Bensaude was married to the opera singer Julia de Fano. His repertoire for the stage included Enrico in Lucia di Lammermoor, Germont in La Traviata, Lescaut in Manon by Massenet, the Escamillo in Carmen, Marcello in Puccini's La Boheme, and Alfio in Cavalleria Rusticana.
US career
Although Bensaude was primarily active in Europe, he had more than a passing career in the United States. He made his debut at New York's Metropolitan Opera on November 23, 1894, as Amonasro in Verdi's Aida, and his debut in Philadelphia on the following December 18 in the same role. he would remain a member of the Metropolitan company for the remainder of the season. At least at first he made little impression in New York, where critics described his voice as "pleasant" or "tolerable"; The New York Times, in a generally mixed review of the production, indicated the artist "lacks distinction, both vocally and dramatically." Perhaps Bensaude was overshadowed by other developments; the Aida soprano Libia Drog was attempting to erase memories of her own unsuccessful New York debut two days earlier in Rossini's William Tell, when she was so stricken by stage fright that she froze onstage and was unable to perform, and the Rhadames, Francesco Tamagno, drew critical reproval for "bawling" his part over the footlights.
References
Notes
This article contains information translated from Maurício Bensaúde on the Portuguese Wikipedia, where the following references were given:
João de Freitas Branco: O Barítono Maurício Bensaúde. In: Arte Musical, n.º 29, Lisboa, 1963.
J. M. Abecassis: Genealogia Hebraica. Portugal e Gibraltar, séculos XVII a XX, vol. II, "Bensaúde" §1, n.º 5. Lisboa: Liv. Ferin, 1990.
The Sembrich Opera Company Tour of 1901, HERX Opera Quarterly 1995; 12: 47-64.
1863 births
1912 deaths
Operatic baritones
19th-century Portuguese male opera singers
People from Ponta Delgada
The Sarpy County Museum is located at 2402 Clay St in Bellevue, Nebraska. The museum holds a collection of artifacts and historical resources, covering the history of Sarpy County, Nebraska, including Bellevue, Gretna, La Vista, Papillion, and Springfield. The museum includes the history of fur traders and missionaries, period rooms, early agricultural pursuits, and a scale model of Fort Crook, which later became Offutt Air Force Base.
History of the Museum
The Sarpy County Historical Society was formed during the Great Depression. Later, during the 1960s, a “storefront museum” was formed, having a few shelves of artifacts on display. During the late 1970s, the museum's current building was built. The museum chronicles the history of the county from its origins as a fur trading post to the present day.
Collections
The period room exhibits depict the lifestyles of the 19th and 20th centuries.
The scale model of Fort Crook displays what the fort looked like prior to creation of the Glenn L. Martin Bomber Plant and the Strategic Air Command. The Fort later became Offutt Air Force Base.
The museum has many historically and culturally significant documents from Sarpy County. Its collections include church histories, newspapers, and photographs. Related to genealogy it holds school, naturalization, and marriage records. Also at the museum are early correspondence between County officials and leading citizens.
Tours of historical sites of Sarpy County are available hosted by the museum. There are four sites available, including the Omaha and Southern Railroad Depot, the Old Presbyterian Church, the Old Log Cabin, the Moses Merrill Mission and the Fontenelle Bank. The first site is an 1869 Omaha and Southern Railroad Depot, which is located on the museum's property. The Old Presbyterian Church built in 1856, still in service today, featuring stained glass windows and 1800s oak pews. This is the oldest church in Bellevue still intact. The Log Cabin built in the 1830s hosted the first twins born in Nebraska Territory. The Fontenelle Bank is the first and the oldest commercial public building in Nebraska history, still includes the original walk-in vault, an 1870 Accountant's Desk, and more.
References
External links
http://www.sarpycountymuseum.org
Museums in Sarpy County, Nebraska
History museums in Nebraska
Buildings and structures in Bellevue, Nebraska
Stenaelurillus pilosus is a jumping spider species in the genus Stenaelurillus that lives in Nigeria.
References
Endemic fauna of Nigeria
Spiders described in 2011
Spiders of Africa
Fauna of Nigeria
Salticidae
Taxa named by Wanda Wesołowska
Jagath Chamila Fernando (: born 6 June 1972) is an actor in Sri Lankan cinema, theatre and television. He made his film debut in 1992 in the Sinhalese film Guru Gedara, portraying a child. In 2013, he won the award for the Best Actor at New York International Film festival for his portrayal of Sami in Samige Kathava, a film based on Elmo Jayawardena's novel Sam's Story (2001). He is considered one of five actors who have dominated the Sri Lankan stage by critics.
Family
Chamila was born on 6 June 1972. His father, Tinil Fernando, was a school principal and his mother, Veenal Biatrice, is a housewife. He has two brothers, Ajith Tinil and Prasad Saman, and one, sister Nirosha Shayamali. Chamila is married to Piyumi Uthpala Dharmasri and they have one son, Pansilu Pavan, and one daughter, Venuri Kinara. Piyumi is the daughter of the film-maker Vijaya Dharmasri.
Career
Chamila's career as an actor started with stage dramas at school while he was a student at Prince of Wales' College, Moratuwa. After taking part in the school drama Samanala Kanda in 1986, he is able to win the Best Actor awards in the inter-school drama competition from 1990 to 1992. He made his first film appearance in 1992 inGurugedara (Teacher's Home), directed by Vijaya Dharmasiri. He won the Best Actor award for his role in Sunil Chandrasiri's play Don Juan at the State Drama Festival in 2005. In 2013, he won the best actor's award for his leading role in Sameege Kathawa (Sam's Story) at the New York City International Film festival in New York.
Television serials
Api Ape
Api Api Wage I and II
Aswenna
Avul Haraya
Bus Eke Iskole
Girikula
Govi Thaththa
Helankada
Jayathuru Sankaya
Jeewithaya Lassanai
Jodu Gedara
Kota Uda Mandira
Maha Polowa
Maama Haa Ma
Mama Nemei Mama
Manikkawatha
Miringu Sayura
Nagenahira Weralin Asena
No Parking
Paradeesaya
Pawani
Roda Hatara Manamalaya
Ruwan Maliga
Sakura Mal
Samanalakanda
Sandagira
Sada Pinibidaka
Sihina Genena Kumariye
Sudui Usai
Tharu Kumari
Theth Saha Viyali
Udu Sulanga
Verona
Visuviyas Kandu Pamula
Yasa Isuru
Filmography
Awards
Best Actor Award in the inter-school drama competition - 1988, 1989, 1990
State Drama Award (Best Actor) for Don Juan - 2005
President award (Best supporting actor) for Asani Warsha - 2005
Raigam tele award (Best supporting actor) for Roda Hathare Manamalaya - 2005
SIGNIS Tele Cinema Award (Best supporting actor) for Roda Hathare Manamalaya - 2005
Sarasaviya Award (Special Jury Award) for Asani Warsha - 2005
Sumathi Awards (Best Actor) for Swayanjatha - 2011
New York City International Film Festival (Best actor in a Leading role) for Sam's Story - 2013
Boden International Film Festival (Sweden) - Best Actor for Govi Thaththa- 2021
References
External links
මම මේ දවස් වල ඉන්නේ දැඩි තිගැස්මකින්
‘සංගදාසගෙ චූටි කලිසම' ඇඳලම බලමුද?
‘ඇම්ඩන්' ස්වර්ණවාහිනියේ
A new play in town
ඇඟිලි කැපිලි පැත්තක දමා අංගුලිමාල කිති කවලා
Living people
Sri Lankan male film actors
Sinhalese male actors
1972 births
Isiah Young (born January 5, 1990) is an American track and field athlete who competes in the sprints. He was selected to compete for the United States at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 200-meter dash.
Born in Junction City, Kansas, he attended Junction City High School then Allen Community College, competing athletically for both institutions. Young also did weightlifting during his high school years. At the 2009 USATF Junior Olympics he won a sprint double in the 100-meter dash and the 200-meter dash. He enrolled at the University of Mississippi in 2010 and took part in collegiate competition with the Ole Miss Rebels. He missed the 2011 outdoor season, but in 2012 he won the 200 m at the Southeastern Conference meet with a school record of 20.32 seconds. At the Drake Relays, he won the 100 m and placed second only to Wallace Spearmon over 200 m. After this he came fourth in the 200 m at the NCAA Outdoor Championship.
He was disappointed with finished out of the top three at the NCAA meet and changed his focus to the 2012 United States Olympic Trials. He finished in third place in the 200 m with a wind-assisted time of 20.16 seconds. Having finished on the podium behind Spearmon and Maurice Mitchell, he guaranteed his selection for the 2012 London Olympics. At London, he reached the semifinals.
On May 23, 2013 at the NCAA East Region Championships, Young joined the 10 second club running 100 meters in 9.99 with a +0.3 aiding wind.
At the 2013 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, Young qualified for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics by finishing second in the 200 meters. His time of 19.86 (+1.6 m/s wind) tied him with Donald Quarrie, Maurice Greene and Justin Gatlin for the 24th best performer of all time.
Statistics
Information from IAAF profile or Track & Field Results Reporting System unless otherwise noted.
Personal bests
Seasonal bests
International championship results
National championship results
Notes
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
American male sprinters
People from Junction City, Kansas
Track and field athletes from Kansas
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
Penang Island (; ; ) is part of the state of Penang, on the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia. It was named Prince of Wales Island when it was occupied by the British East India Company on 12 August 1786, in honour of the birthday of the Prince of Wales, later King George IV. The capital, George Town, was named after the reigning King George III.
Malaysia has another island called "Pulau Pinang", which is a diving site located in South China Sea and part of the Johor Marine Park, which consists of a group of islands: Pulau Aur, Pulau Dayang, Pulau Lang, and Pulau Pinang itself.
History
Penang was originally part of the Malay Sultanate of Kedah. On 11 August 1786, Captain Francis Light of the British East India Company landed in Penang and renamed it Prince of Wales Island in honour of heir to the British throne. Light then received it as a portion on his purported marriage to the daughter of the Sultan of Kedah, although there is no evidence supporting this, as Light was married to Martina Rozells, a Eurasian he met in Phuket. Light ceded Penang to the Government of India and promised the Sultan military protection from Siamese and Burmese armies who were threatening Kedah. Light is now credited as the founder of Penang.
Many early settlers succumbed to malaria, earning Penang the epithet "the White Man's Grave".
Unbeknownst to the Sultan, Light had acted without the approval of the East India Company when he promised military protection. When the Company failed to aid Kedah when Siam attacked it, the Sultan tried to retake the island in 1790. The attempt was unsuccessful, and the Sultan was forced to cede the island to the company for an honorarium of 6,000 Spanish dollars per annum. This was later increased to 10,000 dollars, with Province Wellesley on the mainland of the Malay Peninsula being added to Penang in 1800. An annual honorarium of 10,000 ringgits continues to this day be paid by the Malaysian Federal Government to the state of Kedah.
In 1826, Penang, along with Malacca and Singapore, became part of the Straits Settlements under the British administration in India, moving to direct British colonial rule in 1867. In 1946 it became part of the Malayan Union, before becoming in 1948 a state of the Federation of Malaya, which gained independence in 1957 and became Malaysia in 1963. The island was a free port until 1969.
Geography
With an area of , Penang Island is the fourth-largest island wholly in Malaysia, after Banggi Island, Bruit Island and Langkawi Island. It is also the most populated island in the country with an estimated population of 678,000. The island is connected with the mainland by two Penang Bridges. The 1st bridge begins at Gelugor on the island and ends in Perai on the mainland while the 2nd bridge is located to its south. The mainland portion of the Penang state is known as Seberang Perai (Province Wellesley), and together with Penang Island and other smaller islands, form the state of Penang.
Governance and law
Penang Island is under the state of Penang, which is one of the four states in Malaysia without a Sultan and the head of the state is the Yang di-Pertua Negeri (English: State Ruler), which is appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia.
The island forms the local government area of the Penang Island City Council and is divided into two administrative districts—South West Penang Island and North East Penang Island.
Other than a state ruler, Penang's executive members are led by a chief minister. The current chief minister of Penang is Chow Kon Yeow, and the post has been continuously held by a non-Malay ethnic Chinese since independence, reflecting the state's ethnic majority.
Local Authorities
The local council on the island is the Penang Island City Council (Majlis Bandaraya Pulau Pinang). Local councillors have been appointed by the state government since local elections were abolished in Malaysia in the 1960s. The city council is made up of a mayor, a municipal secretary and 24 councillors. The mayor is appointed by the State Government for two-year term of office while the councillors are appointed for one-year term of office. Penang Island is divided into 2 administrative districts.
The eastern portion of the island facing the mainland is highly urbanised and built-up with either industrial, commercial or residential areas. The western portion is generally more rugged/hilly and less developed than the rest of the island.
See also
Hayat Mahmud, Bengali feudal lord and military commander imprisoned in Penang Island
Notes
References
Penang FAQs
Sergei Verenkin (born 8 September 1979) is a Russian former ice hockey left winger. He was selected 223rd overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Verenkin played in the Russian Superleague for Torpedo Yaroslavl, Metallurg Novokuznetsk and Molot-Prikamye Perm.
External links
1979 births
Living people
HC Khimik Voskresensk players
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl players
Metallurg Novokuznetsk players
Molot-Prikamye Perm players
Ottawa Senators draft picks
People from Angarsk
Russian ice hockey forwards
Yermak Angarsk players
Sportspeople from Irkutsk Oblast
Marquess of Ardales () is an hereditary title in the Peerage of Spain, granted in 1559 by Philip II to Luis de Guzmán, 2nd Count of Teba and Marshall of Castile. The name refers to the town of Ardales in Málaga.
Marquesses of Ardales (1559)
Luis de Guzmán y Córdoba, 1st Marquess of Ardales
Juan Ramírez de Guzmán y Álvarez de Toledo, 2nd Marquess of Ardales
Brianda de Guzmán y de la Vega, 3rd Marchioness of Ardales
Luis de Guzmán y Guzmán, 4th Marquess of Ardales
Pedro Andrés de Guzmán Enríquez de Rivera y Acuña, 5th Marquess of Ardales
Luis Francisco Ramírez de Guzmán y Fernández de Córdoba, 6th Marquess of Ardales
Pedro de Guzmán y Portocarrero, 7th Marquess of Ardales
Agustín de Guzmán y Portocarrero, 8th Marquess of Ardales
Cristóbal Portocarrero de Guzmán Henriquez de Luna, 9th Marquess of Ardales
Catalina Portocarrero de Guzmán, 10th Marchioness of Ardales
Domingo Fernández de Córdoba, 11th Marquess of Ardales
María del Carmen Fernández de Córdoba, 12th Marchioness of Ardales
Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Portocarrero, 13th Marquess of Ardales
Eugenio de Palafox y Portocarrero, 14th Marquess of Ardales
Cipriano de Palafox y Portocarrero, 15th Marquess of Ardales
María Eugenia de Palafox y Kirkpatrick, 16th Marchioness of Ardales
Jacobo Fitz-James Stuart y Falcó, 17th Marquess of Ardales
Jaime de Mitjans y Fitz-James Stuart, 18th Marquess of Ardales
Carlos Alfonso de Mitjans y Fitz-James Stuart, 19th Marquess of Ardales
María de los Reyes de Mitjans y Verea, 20th Marchioness of Ardales
See also
House of Guzmán
References
Marquesses of Spain
Lists of Spanish nobility
Noble titles created in 1559
Rakovica is a village and a municipality in south-central Croatia, in the region of Kordun south of Karlovac and Slunj, and north of the Plitvice Lakes. Rakovica is an underdeveloped municipality which is statistically classified as the First Category Area of Special State Concern by the Government of Croatia.
History
Rakovica achieved some prominence in Croatian history in October 1871, when several members of the Croatian Party of Rights led by Eugen Kvaternik disavowed the official party position advocating a political solution to the issue of Croatia within the Habsburg monarchy and instead launched a revolt in the village.
Demographics
The total municipality population is 2,387 (2011), while the village itself has 310 residents. According to that census, 94.8% (2,262) are Croats and 3.2% (77) are ethnic Serbs.
Settlements
According to the 2011 census, the municipality or Rakovica consists of the following settlements:
Basara, population 4
Brajdić Selo, population 79
Brezovac, population 8
Broćanac, population 25
Čatrnja, population 228
Ćuić Brdo, population 1
Drage, population 17
Drežnik Grad, population 323
Gornja Močila, population 4
Grabovac, population 338
Irinovac, population 137
Jamarje, population 0
Jelov Klanac, population 79
Koranski Lug, population 0
Kordunski Ljeskovac, population 9
Korita, population 46
Lipovac, population 15
Lipovača, population 133
Mašvina, population 5
Nova Kršlja, population 70
Oštarski Stanovi, population 132
Rakovica, population 246
Rakovičko Selište, population 88
Sadilovac, population 1
Selište Drežničko, population 290
Stara Kršlja, population 6
Sights
Due to proximity of Plitvice Lakes, one of the main fields of income is tourism. One of its sights are the Caves of Barać which were reopened for visitors in 2004.
See also
Rakovica Revolt
Caves of Barać
References
External links
Municipalities of Croatia
Populated places in Karlovac County
Mellification can refer to:
The making or production of honey
The process of producing human mummy confection
Szostak is a gender-neutral Polish surname that may refer to
Alex Szostak (born 1986), Scottish rugby league footballer
Edward Szostak (1911–1990), Polish basketball player
Jack W. Szostak (born 1952), Canadian-American biologist of Polish-British descent
Michał Szostak (born 1980), Polish organist, researcher, doctor of music arts
Stanisław Szostak (1898–1961), Polish military officer
Stéphanie Szostak (born 1975), French actress
Wit Szostak (born 1976), Polish fantasy writer, philosopher and historian of Polish music folklore
See also
Shostak
Polish-language surnames
Eva-Ruth Weissweiler (born 14 February 1951 in Mönchengladbach) is a German writer, musicologist and non fiction writer.
Life
Weissweiler entered the Mönchengladbach State Girls' Grammar School in 1961, where she graduated in 1969 (Abitur). She comes from a music-loving merchant family and has two older brothers.
In addition to school lessons, she attended the in Cologne and the Robert Schumann Hochschule in Düsseldorf. She was twice State winner in the Jugend musiziert competition on the concert of alto recorder and at the age of 14 she made concert tours with this instrument as a soloist, among others to England. After short piano studies at the Cologne University of Music and Dance, she enrolled in the winter semester 1969/70 to study musicology, German and Islamic studies at the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, where she received her doctorate in 1976. Her dissertation was published under her married name at the time, Eva Perkuhn, which she took again shortly before the birth of her first child, to take up her maiden name, Weissweiler, again. After her studies she worked as a radio editor and freelance writer.
Weissweiler is the author of biographies, novels, short stories, radio features and documentaries. She has written articles for almost all German-language stations and texts for the Frankfurter Allgemeine, the Süddeutsche, Emma and the Kölner Stadtanzeiger. She edited the correspondence between Clara and Robert Schumann and Fanny and Felix Mendelssohn. Another main focus is the reappraisal of the period of National Socialism in musicology, to which she dedicated several documentaries for the NDR and WDR. Furthermore the literature of migrants in Germany. Together with her husband she filmed 10 portraits of authors on this topic under the motto Nationality Writers on behalf of the former Ministry of Culture, Urban Development and Sport NRW.
She received a working scholarship from the state North Rhine-Westphalia in 1994 and a scholarship from the Kunststiftung NRW in 1995.
Weissweiler is a member of the PEN Centre Germany and - after an interruption of several years - since the end of 2007 of the Verband deutscher Schriftstellerinnen und Schriftsteller in the Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft, whose attitude towards right-wing extremism in her own ranks she has repeatedly and vehemently criticized. In May 2009 she founded the association AURA 09 (Action of independent Rhine-Ruhr authors) in Cologne together with a circle of 15 authors to promote and stimulate the literary discussion culture in the region. The association was active in the border area between literature and social work and soon made a name for itself in Cologne. Among other things, it was the first literary group in Cologne to recall the works of those colleagues whose estates were destroyed when the Historical Archive of the City of Cologne collapsed. As spokesperson for this association, she and her husband were for years the director and initiator of writing and photography courses for mentally ill people, the results of which were presented in many exhibitions. After seven years of dedicated work, the association was dissolved in autumn 2016
Work
(under the name Eva-Ruth Perkuhn:) Die Theorien zum arabischen Einfluss auf die europäische Musik des Mittelalters. Diss., Walldorf-Hessen 1976 (Beiträge zur Sprach- und Kulturgeschichte des Orients, vol. 26), .
Komponistinnen aus 500 Jahren: eine Kulturgeschichte in Biographien und Werkbeispielen. Fischer Taschenbuch Verlag, Frankfurt, 1981, .
(As editor) Fanny Mendelssohn, Italienisches Tagebuch. Luchterhand Literaturverlag, 2. Auflage Darmstadt 1988 (Frankfurt, 1981), . With preface, portrait, illustrations of sheet music, notes and index of persons.
Komponistinnen vom Mittelalter bis zur Gegenwart (erweiterte Neuauflage von Komponistinnen aus 500 Jahren), dtv München 1999, .
Clara Schumann. Eine Biographie. Hoffmann und Campe, Hamburg 1991, .
Gejagt von der Liebe. Roman, Fischer Taschenbuch Verlag, Frankfurt 1993, .
Monodram für eine Pianistin. Play, Bad Homburg vor der Höhe 1994.
Der Sohn des Cellisten. Roman, Hoffmann und Campe, Hamburg 1996, .
(As editor) Fanny und Felix Mendelssohn, "Die Musik will gar nicht rutschen ohne Dich". Briefwechsel 1821 bis 1846. Propyläen Berlin 1997, . With preface and epilogue, portraits, overview tables, notes and index of persons.
Ausgemerzt! Das Lexikon der Juden in der Musik und seine mörderischen Folgen. Dittrich, Cologne 1999, .
Tussy Marx. Das Drama der Vatertochter. Biography. Kiepenheuer & Witsch, Cologne 2002, .
Wilhelm Busch: Der lachende Pessimist. Biographie. Kiepenheuer & Witsch, Cologne 2007, .
Otto Klemperer : ein deutsch-jüdisches Künstlerleben. Kiepenheuer & Witsch, Cologne 2010, .
Erbin des Feuers. Friedelind Wagner. Eine Spurensuche. Pantheon Verlag 2013, .
Notre Dame de Dada. Luise Straus-Ernst – das dramatische Leben der ersten Frau von Max Ernst. Kiepenheuer & Witsch, Cologne 2016, .
Lady Liberty: Das Leben der jüngsten Marx-Tochter Eleanor. Hoffmann und Campe, Hamburg 2018, .
Das Echo deiner Frage: Dora und Walter Benjamin – Biographie einer Beziehung. Hoffmann und Campe, Hamburg 2020, . In February 2020, the book was ranked number 1 on the nonfiction bestseller list of Die Zeit, die ZDF and the Deutschlandfunk.
Publisher
Fanny Mendelssohn, Italienisches Tagebuch. (Societäts-Verlag, Frankfurt. 1981) 2nd edition Luchterhand Literaturverlag, Darmstadt 1988, . With preface, portrait, illustrations of sheet music, notes and index of persons.
Clara und Robert Schumann: Briefwechsel. 3 volumes, Stroemfeld/Roter Stern, Basel 1984–2001, .
Fanny Mendelssohn: Ein Portrait in Briefen. Ullstein, Frankfurt 1985, .
Fanny und Felix Mendelssohn: Die Musik will gar nicht rutschen ohne dich. Briefwechsel 1821–1846. Ullstein, Berlin 1997, . With preface and epilogue, portraits, overview tables, notes and index of persons.
(with Ulla Lessmann:) Lese-Lust. Eine Anthologie. Dittrich, Köln 1999, .
(with Hidir Celik and Helle Jepsen:) Nationalität: Schriftsteller Zugewanderte Autoren in Nordrhein-Westfalen. Free Pen, Bonn 2002, .
References
External links
Kurzbiografie bei NRW Literatur im Netz
20th-century German writers
21st-century German writers
German women non-fiction writers
Mass media people from Bavaria
Historians of Nazism
German documentary film directors
1951 births
Living people
People from Mönchengladbach
is a fictional Japanese idol. She is a CGI composite of various features of seven existing (all now former) members of the theater/idol group AKB48.
Eguchi was announced as the group's newest member in June 2011. According to an official profile she was 16 years old, born on February 11, 1995, and from Saitama, north of Tokyo. She was featured in the Japanese magazine Weekly Playboy, and appeared in a television commercial for the confectionery company, Ezaki Glico. Suspicions arose amongst AKB48 fans and on June 19, 2011, Glico finally admitted that Eguchi was a fake created by the company, disappointing many fans. , she is no longer listed on the official website as a trainee.
CGI contributors
Atsuko Maeda (eyes)
Tomomi Itano (nose)
Mariko Shinoda (mouth)
Yuko Oshima (hair/body)
Minami Takahashi (outline)
Mayu Watanabe (eyebrows)
References
External links
Aimi Eguchi in Weekly Playboy
2011 in Japan
2011 hoaxes
AKB48
Animated characters
Fictional characters introduced in 2011
Fictional musicians
Fictional Japanese people
Hoaxes in Japan
Nonexistent people used in hoaxes
The discography of South Korean solo-artist Juniel consists of one studio album, six extended plays, ten singles, and ten music videos.
Juniel made her debut in 2011 with the extended play Ready Go, which was released in Japan. She composed all the songs in the album and later took part in writing lyrics, as well as composing all her songs in subsequent Japanese releases. On March 6, 2013, Juniel released her first Japan major album titled Juni which consists of 11 self-composed songs and a Japanese version of duet song 'Babo' with CNBLUE's Jung Yong-hwa.
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Music videos
References
Discographies of South Korean artists
Sarah Helen Parcak is an American archaeologist and Egyptologist, who has used satellite imaging to identify potential archaeological sites in Egypt, Rome, and elsewhere in the former Roman Empire. She is a professor of Anthropology and director of the Laboratory for Global Observation at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. In partnership with her husband, Greg Mumford, she directs survey and excavation projects in the Faiyum, Sinai, and Egypt's East Delta.
Education
Parcak was born in Bangor, Maine, and received her bachelor's degree in Egyptology and Archaeological Studies from Yale University in 2001, and her Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge. She is a professor of Anthropology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB); prior to that she was a teacher of Egyptian art and history at the University of Wales, Swansea.
During her undergraduate studies at Yale University, Parcak participated in her first of many digs in Egypt as well as a remote sensing course.
Career
From 2003 to 2004, Parcak used satellite images and surface surveys to “discover” 17 new pyramids and sites of archaeological interest, some dating back to 3,000 B.C. The pyramids have never been verified. Parcak's work consists of trying to find minute differences in topography, geology, and plant life to explore sites from a variety of cultures, although Egypt is her specialty. Satellites recording infrared wavelengths are able to distinguish differentiations in plant's chlorophyll, which can distinguish the less healthy plants that grow over buried structures.
In partnership with her husband, Dr. Greg Mumford, she directs Survey and Excavation Projects in the Fayoum, Sinai, and Egypt's East Delta. They used satellite imagery to look for water sources and archaeological sites. According to Parcak, this approach reduces the time and cost for determining archaeological sites compared to surface detection.
In 2007, she founded the Laboratory for Global Observation at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
In 2009, satellite imagery was used to find holes in the ground as evidence of how looting had escalated in Egypt.
In 2011 a BBC news report stated that she had "discovered" 17 previously unknown pyramids in Egypt as well as more than 1,000 tombs and 3,000 settlements. The Minister of State for Antiquities, Dr. Zahi Hawass, criticized the report, saying that this was "not accurate" and the BBC apologized. None of the 17 pyramids Parcak claimed to have discovered have ever been found. The Egyptian government decided to "develop a nationwide satellite imagery project to monitor archaeological sites from space and protect them from looting and illegal house construction and other encroachments.". The Egyptian National Authority for Remote Sensing and Space Sciences does the same thing.
In 2015, she won the $1 million TED Prize for 2016.
In 2016, she was the recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the History category. The same year, satellite images from Parcak and her team claimed to have identified the second-known Viking site in North America, located in Newfoundland. Upon subsequent ground investigation, it turned out not to be a Viking site or of any archeological significance. Her team also identified a large ceremonial platform in Petra and worked on satellite mapping the whole of Peru for the crowdsourcing project called GlobalXplorer.
In 2020, she was awarded a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation 2020 Fellowship.
Documentaries
In May 2011, the BBC aired a documentary, Egypt's Lost Cities, describing BBC-sponsored research carried out by Parcak's UAB team for over a year using infra-red satellite imaging from commercial and NASA satellites. The programme discussed the research and showed Parcak in Egypt looking for physical evidence. The UAB team announced that they had "discovered" 17 pyramids, more than 1,000 tombs and 3,000 ancient settlements outside Sa el-Hagar, Egypt. However, the Minister of State for Antiquities, Zahi Hawass, was critical of the announcement and said: "This is completely wrong information. Any archeologist will deny this completely".
In May 2012, she was the subject of a half-hour program on CNN's The Next List which profiles innovators "who are setting trends and making strides in various fields."
She was the focus of "Rome's Lost Empire", a TV documentary by Dan Snow, first shown on BBC One on 9 December 2012. She identified possible sites in Romania, Nabataea, Tunisia, and Italy, including the arena at Portus, the lighthouse and a canal to Rome beside the river Tiber.
A BBC co-production with PBS, NOVA/WGBH Boston and Franch Television, Vikings Unearthed (first broadcast April 4, 2016) documented her use of satellite imagery to detect possible remains of a Norse / Viking presence at Point Rosee, Newfoundland. In 2015, Parcak stated that remains could likely be a "turf wall and roasted bog" iron ore; however, an excavation conducted in 2016 proved that she was wrong and that the "turf wall and accumulation of bog iron ore" were actually the results of natural processes.
Publications
In 2009, her book Satellite Remote Sensing for Archaeology was published by Routledge, describing the methodology of satellite archaeology. A review in Antiquity described it as focusing "more on technical methodology than interpretation and analysis," described Parcak's work as, "written in a lively style that makes a highly technical subject accessible to a general audience," and concluded that it was "a good introduction for undergraduate students of archaeology, anthropology and geography."
She published Archaeology from Space: How the Future Shapes Our Past in July 2019 which won the Archaeological Institute of America Felicia A. Holton Book Award in 2022.
Controversies
In September 2020, Parcak's employer, the University of Alabama at Birmingham, issued a statement saying that tweets by Parcak aimed toward supporters of then-president Donald Trump following the death of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg showed poor judgement and did not reflect the opinions of the university.
After Rush Limbaugh's death in 2021, Parcak tweeted that she hoped Limbaugh suffered until his last breath. The tweet is protected under the first amendment according to the ACLU of University of Alabama in spite of calls to terminate her position as a professor.
References
External links
FOX News coverage of Dr. Parcak's work
''Egypt: What Lies beneath" – BBC Documentary about Parcak's work
Interview with author
http://www.artofcounting.com/2011/05/26/seriously-did-zahi-hawass-just-spank-sarah-parcak/
TED Radio Hour Episode on NPR
1979 births
Living people
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
American Egyptologists
People from Bangor, Maine
People from Birmingham, Alabama
University of Alabama at Birmingham people
Yale University alumni
American women archaeologists
Remote sensing archaeologists
21st-century American archaeologists
21st-century American women writers
American women historians
Historians from Maine
Clostridium liquoris is a strictly anaerobic, Gram-positive, rod-shaped, spore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Clostridium.
References
Bacteria described in 2016
liquoris
Pappy's Puppy is a 1955 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng. The short was released on December 17, 1955, and stars Sylvester the Cat. Mel Blanc provides all of the vocal characterizations; however, aside from whistling, Sylvester does not speak in this short.
Plot
At a hospital, Butch the bulldog paces nervously, waiting for his baby to be born. When it did as a boy, Butch happily faints. Back at home, Butch teaches his new son how to walk, act tough, and bite cats. One day, the young bulldog is playing with a ball when he comes upon Sylvester. His training kicks in and he attacks Sylvester, who proceeds to place the small bulldog under a tin can. However, Butch catches Sylvester doing this and exacts revenge by taking Sylvester to a shed and hammering the tin can on his head. Later, Sylvester is walking along while the baby bulldog is biting at his tail. He slaps the bulldog off camera, only for Butch to catch up with him and hit Sylvester. After that, Sylvester reluctantly plays 'fetch' with the baby bulldog, but decides to throw the stick into a busy street, hoping the bulldog will be flattened. However, the young bulldog retrieves it successfully. Annoyed, Sylvester prepares to throw it again but Butch sees this and throws the stick into traffic himself, pointing for Sylvester to fetch the stick this time. Sylvester successfully retrieves it amidst heavy traffic, but is run over by a man on a scooter on the sidewalk. Once again, Sylvester plays fetch with the young bulldog and throws a ball into a doghouse, which Sylvester boards up when the bulldog chases the ball into it. Sylvester plans to drop an already lit stick of dynamite into the open hole on the top. However, Butch once again catches Sylvester and places the doghouse over Sylvester instead, nailing the hole shut with a board. Sylvester does not hammer out the nails in the board in time, as the dynamite explodes. In the final set piece of the cartoon, Sylvester sets up a booby trap of a dog bone hooked up to a shotgun. When Butch's son begins tugging on the bone, Butch gives Sylvester a stern look, prompting Sylvester to run over and plug the shotgun hole with his finger so the young bulldog is unharmed, getting his finger shot over and over (including once in the face) as Butch's son tugs. The stork arrives and announces Butch has even more puppies to add to his family. The cartoon ends as Sylvester, finally having enough of dealing with the bulldog puppies and Butch's abuses, chases the stork and shoots at him.
Stock Footage
In a rarely seen CBS Saturday morning showing of Satan's Waitin, stock footage is used for an alternative ending. When Sylvester declares he does not want Tweety, it next shows him walking along the sidewalk. Butch's son attacks his tail and is put under the tin can. The plot plays out with Butch arriving, grabbing Sylvester and freeing his son. Instead of Butch hammering the can on Sylvester, it shows Sylvester walking, with the puppy biting and pulling his tail. Butch watches from his doghouse. The cartoon irises out, with Sylvester's purgatory, becoming the puppy's "playmate".
See also
List of American films of 1955
References
External links
1955 films
1955 comedy films
Merrie Melodies short films
1950s American animated films
1955 animated films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about dogs
1950s English-language films
Kronfeld is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Arthur Kronfeld (1886–1941), German psychiatrist, brother of Maria Dronke
Josh Kronfeld (born 1971), New Zealand rugby union player and television presenter
Robert Kronfeld (1904–1948), Austrian aviator
Benjamin Kronfeld (Year of birth 2007), Surname Bkron Eats; American entrepreneur, D 1 baseball commit to LSU (Louisiana State University), and President of Beit Shalom synangouge, Snead State community college,
The Samuel Colby House is a historic house located at 74 Winthrop Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. Built in 1869 for a prominent local businessman, it is one of the city's best examples of high-style Italianate architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Description and history
The Samuel Colby House is located south of downtown Taunton, on the south side of Winthrop Street at its junction with Walnut Street. It is a two-story wood-frame structure, with a stuccoed finish, and a low-pitch hip roof capped by a large square cupola. The main roof has elongated eaves studded with paired brackets, and the cupola roof has a curtain-style valance. The house is three bays wide, with a polygonal bay above the main entrance at the center of the front facade. The bays are demarcated by pilasters, and a single-story porch extends across the width of the front. The porch has a flat roof with bracketed eave, and is extensively decorated with stickwork. A similar porch extends along the side of the rear ell, facing Walnut Street.
The house was built in 1869 for Samuel Colby, a manufacturer and retailer of men's and boy's clothing who operated a store in the Union Block in downtown Taunton. It is one of the city's least-altered post-Civil War 19th-century houses, and a particularly distinctive example of high-style Italianate architecture.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
List of historic houses in Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
The Algeria national cycling team represents Algeria in International cycling competitions such as Olympic Games or World cycling Championships.
Medal count
Algeria has 13 participations in the Summer Olympic of 27 editions held from 1896 to 2016.
List of medalists at Mediterranean Games
See also
Algeria at the Olympics
References
External links
cycling at Summer Olympics
Cycling
Cycling in Algeria
National cycling teams
Houston County ( ) is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. The estimated 2019 population is 157,863. Its county seat is Perry; the city of Warner Robins is substantially larger in both area and population.
The county was created on May 15, 1821, along with 4 other counties in the state, and later reduced in size with the formation of Bibb, Crawford, Pike, Macon, and Peach counties. It was named after Georgia governor John Houstoun, with the spelling being a common 19th-century variation that later evolved to "Houston". The pronunciation, however, remains to this day "howston." The geographic center of the county was given the name Wattsville, which was later changed to Perry.
Houston County is included in the Warner Robins, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which in turn is included in the Macon-Warner Robins-Fort Valley Combined Statistical Area. Flat Creek Public Fishing Area is in Houston County, south west of Perry.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water. The county is located in the upper Atlantic coastal plain region of the state.
The vast majority of Houston County is located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The very northern edge of the county, north of Centerville and Warner Robins, is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin. The very southwestern corner of Houston County, well west of Interstate 75, is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Adjacent counties
Bibb County - north
Peach County - west
Twiggs County - east
Bleckley County - southeast
Pulaski County - south-southeast
Dooly County - south
Macon County - southwest
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 341
State Route 7
State Route 7 Spur
State Route 11
State Route 11 Business
State Route 11 Connector
State Route 26
State Route 49
State Route 96
State Route 127
State Route 224
State Route 247
State Route 247 Connector
State Route 247 Spur
State Route 329
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
Pedestrians and cycling
Big Indian Creek Trail (Proposed)
Walker's Pond Trail
Wellston Trail
The Walk at Sandy Run Creek
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 163,633 people, 58,417 households, and 39,810 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 139,900 people, 53,051 households, and 37,874 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 58,325 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 63.3% white, 28.6% black or African American, 2.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.4% from other races, and 2.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.9% were American, 10.3% were German, 10.0% were English, and 9.1% were Irish.
Of the 53,051 households, 38.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.6% were non-families, and 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.09. The median age was 34.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $55,098 and the median income for a family was $67,227. Males had a median income of $47,557 versus $34,239 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,206. About 10.3% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Houston County Schools operates public schools.
Communities
Cities
Byron (part)
Centerville
Perry
Warner Robins
Census-designated place
Robins Air Force Base
Unincorporated communities
Bonaire
Clinchfield
Dunbar
Elberta
Elko
Grovania
Haynesville
Kathleen
Politics
Houston County voted for conservative Democrats for most of the twentieth century, and gradually switched to voting for conservative Republicans closer to the century's end and into the twenty-first. In the 2018 gubernatorial election, while she did not carry Houston County, Stacey Abrams improved on Democratic margins in the county, improving five percent compared to Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential run and by four percent compared to Barack Obama's 2008 run. Houston was one of five counties not carried by Abrams which improved their Democratic margins. In 2020, Joe Biden improved Democratic margins to their best since Jimmy Carter carried it in 1980. He also became the first non-Georgian Democrat to win 40 percent of the county's vote since 1960.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Houston County, Georgia
Houston County Schools
References
External links
Flint Electric Membership Corporation historical marker
Houston County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1821 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1821
Warner Robins, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area
Oractiidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria.
Genera:
Oceanactis Moseley, 1877 (synonym Oractis McMurrich, 1893)
References
Actinioidea
Cnidarian families
Neo Cali is the seventh studio album by American electronic musician Vektroid, released on October 7, 2011. The album's genre was originally recognized as "DOSWave," a genre created by Vektroid herself to describe her early albums.
Track listing
Notes
The tracks "Untitled" & "Wild Wave" have both been removed from the album at different times (Untitled more recently) and neither are in the current version.
References
Vektroid albums
2011 albums
The Reivers were an American pop band from Austin, Texas. Formed in 1984 as Zeitgeist, they were forced to change their name before releasing their second album in 1987, due to another group claiming prior rights to the name. They chose the name The Reivers from the title of the William Faulkner novel.
The band included John Croslin, songwriter, vocalist, guitars; Kim Longacre, vocals, guitars; Cindy Toth, bass, violin; and Garrett Williams, drums. They were the best-known of a cluster of Austin-based bands loosely grouped under the name New Sincerity. Writing for No Depression in 2008, critic Peter Blackstock described The Reivers as "a classic pop band...They balanced memorable melodies and unstoppable energy with seemingly effortless ease, contrasting the rough and sweet vocals of frontfolks John Croslin and Kim Longacre (respectively) amid an infectious swirl of chiming guitars and the unbelievably lively rhythms of drummer Garrett Williams and bassist Cindy Toth."
The band released four albums, all of which received critical praise but not much commercial success, then disbanded in 1991. Croslin worked as producer and engineer on records for a number of bands, notably Spoon and Guided by Voices. Two Reivers songs, "Almost Home" and "Araby," were covered by Hootie and the Blowfish on their 2000 collection Scattered, Smothered and Covered. In 1998, Stereophile critic Robert Baird called The Reivers "one of America's great lost bands."
Croslin later co-founded an Austin band called The Fire Marshals of Bethlehem. In 2005, this band released an album titled Songs for Housework, and Croslin subsequently left the band.
The Reivers reunited in 2008 for occasional performances around Austin. On August 28, 2008, The Reivers played a benefit concert in Austin, and John Croslin announced that the re-formed band would be called Right or Happy. Under the new name, and including keyboardist Eric Friend, the band played at the 2009 South by Southwest. In January 2013 the band (once again calling itself The Reivers) released a new album, their first in more than 20 years.
In July 2017, the band announced on their website that their show in November 2016 would be the last for the foreseeable future, and that they were on "indefinite hiatus". While the band has not broken up, there are no plans to play shows or record for the time being.
Discography
Zeitgeist (EP, 1984)
Translate Slowly (1985)
Saturday (1987)
End of the Day (1989)
Pop Beloved (1991)
Second Story (2013)
Footnotes
External links
thereivers.net
American pop music groups
Musical groups established in 1984
Musical groups from Austin, Texas
Jangle pop groups
1984 establishments in Texas
The Perkiomen Valley Academy (PVA) day-treatment program is one of several individual treatment and alternative educational centers for adolescents in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. The program serves twelve- to eighteen-year-old students from the eight school districts located in western Montgomery County.
Origin
Originally established in 1976 as an alternative to institutionalization for socially maladjusted youth, PVA leased space in the Upper Perkiomen School District Administration Building. In June 1980, PVA made its home in a renovated tack shop on Route 73 in Obelisk, Pennsylvania. In August 1994, PVA relocated to its current education/recreation facility located on Hoffmansville Road in Frederick, Pennsylvania.
Funding
PVA received its first funding through a grant from the federal juvenile justice system. Students are currently referred by the Montgomery County Juvenile Probation Department, Montgomery County Office of Children and Youth, and the local school districts. The students at PVA don't succeed in the traditional educational setting for a number of different reasons, including: academic failure, defiance of authority, use of alcohol and other drugs, inability to fit in with peers, and poor family relations. Many of these youngsters have often survived physical, sexual and emotional abuse.
Applying a combination of individualized academic programming and counseling services, the goal for PVA students is to ultimately accept responsibility for making needed changes. Graduates of the behavior program can complete their high school education in one of three ways:
Return to their regular public school to finish.
Complete high school graduation requirements at PVA and receive a high school diploma from their home school district.
Earn their General Equivalency Diploma (GED) and enter the job market, or move on to higher education.
Counseling is an integral part of PVA's treatment approach. Parental conferences convene every six weeks, with biweekly telephone contact. Intensive family counseling is available on an as-needed basis, and can occur at school or in the home. In his Master's Thesis Project: Systematic Programming to Increase Responsible Academic Learning—A Change Project in a Montgomery County Day Treatment Program (1987, Lincoln University), Bradley S. LeVan reports that "PVA, where academic concerns are combined with counseling and family intervention, is a sound model for day treatment. Both parents and students must take responsibility for setting and achieving specific goals." According to LeVan, the results include significantly improved academic scores.
Faculty & Staff
The faculty and staff of PVA includes seven full-time and three part-time teacher/counselors; a full-time guidance counselor/therapist; a full-time administrator and a number of supportive staff persons who have a broad range of duties. Instruction is given in all core academic subjects, computer literacy, practical life skills, and GED training.
The goal of PVA is to help young people step into the future as healthier, more productive individuals.
Alternative schools in the United States
Special schools in the United States
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Public middle schools in Pennsylvania
1976 establishments in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1976
Li Lin (; 31 October 1923 – 31 May 2003) was a Chinese physicist. She made important contributions to China's metallurgy, nuclear power, and high-temperature superconductivity programs, and was elected as an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1980. Her father Li Siguang and husband Chen-Lu Tsou were also prominent scientists and academicians.
Early life and education
Li was born Li Xizhi () in Beijing on 31 October 1923, with her ancestral home in Huanggang, Hubei Province. Her father Li Siguang (J. S. Lee) was a renowned geologist and professor at Peking University, and her mother Xu Shubin () was a pianist and schoolteacher. Her father was of Mongol descent, whose grandfather was a Mongolian beggar who migrated to Hubei in search of a better livelihood. Her family originally had the Mongol surname "Kuli" () or "Ku" ().
From 1934 to 1936, she lived in England where her father was teaching. After the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937, her family sought refuge in Shanghai and then in Guilin, Guangxi, which was free from Japanese occupation.
In Guilin, she changed her name to Li Lin and attended Guangxi University, graduating in 1944 with a degree in mechanics. She worked at the Aviation Institute in Chengdu, and with the help of Joseph Needham, won a British Cultural Council scholarship to study at the University of Birmingham in 1946. After earning her master's degree in 1948, she continued her studies at the Department of Metallurgy at the University of Cambridge, where she met and married fellow Chinese scientist Chen-Lu Tsou. She became also known as Anna Tsou.
Career
After they both earned their PhDs in 1951, Li and Tsou returned to the newly established People's Republic of China. Li worked for the Shanghai Institute of Metallurgy, and Tsou for the Shanghai Institute of Physiology and Biochemistry, both under the umbrella of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). She and her colleagues won a prize for their research in spherical graphite in 1956.
In 1956, nuclear physicist Qian Sanqiang recruited Li to work on China's nuclear energy program. After finishing her heavy water reactor project, in 1958 she was transferred to the Institute of Physics of the CAS in Beijing. She spent the next 14 years working on the nuclear program. In 1972 or 1973, she was transferred again to the Institute of High Energy Physics to work on high-temperature superconductivity.
Li was elected as an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1980, and won the State Science and Technology Progress Award (First Class) in 1992 for her contribution to the research of superconductivity. She also advised dozens of graduate students and published more than 100 research papers.
Personal life
Li married Chen-Lu Tsou (Zou Chenglu), a fellow Chinese student at Cambridge, in 1948. Her father Li Siguang was in England to preside over their wedding. Tsou later recalled the Cambridge years as the best time of the family. Their daughter, geologist Zou Zongping (), was born in the 1950s in China. Tsou became a prominent biochemist and was also elected an academician of the CAS, making the Li-Tsou family the only one in China that produced three academicians (including Li Siguang).
Li Lin died on 31 May 2003, at the age of 79.
References
1923 births
2003 deaths
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Chinese expatriates in the United Kingdom
Chinese people of Mongolian descent
Chinese women physicists
Guangxi University alumni
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Members of the Jiusan Society
Physicists from Beijing
Johannes Jank (born 21 July 1936) is an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1963.
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Česlovas Daukša (born 1916) is a Lithuanian former basketball player. He won gold medal with Lithuania national basketball team during EuroBasket 1937.
Biography
Daukša born in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire. After returning to Lithuania with his parents, he graduated six classes in Kaunas Aušra gymnasium. Later he worked at "Spindulys" printing house. Despite playing football from an early age, in 1935 he became a basketball player and in the same year, he debuted in Lithuania national basketball team during painful loss to Latvia.
After Konstantinas Savickas began training Lithuania national team, Lithuania game play improved drastically. Daukša was a member of Lithuania national team during EuroBasket 1937 and won gold medal with it.
After World War II, he worked at Republican Physical Education and Sport Committee and other sports organizations. He retired in 1987 and currently lives in Kaunas, Lithuania.
Sources
Vidas Mačiulis, Vytautas Gudelis. Halė, kurioje žaidė Lubinas ir Sabonis. 1939–1989 – Respublikinis sporto kombinatas, Kaunas, 1989
1916 births
FIBA EuroBasket-winning players
Lithuanian men's basketball players
Possibly living people
Cameraria cervina is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from New York, United States.
The wingspan is about 6 mm.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1907
Taxa named by Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham
1985–86 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 80th water polo championship in Hungary. There were fourteen teams who played two round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
A magyar sport évkönyve 1986
1985 in water polo
1985 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
1986 in water polo
1986 in Hungarian sport
The University of Aveiro () is a public university, in addition to providing polytechnic education, located in the Portuguese city of Aveiro. Founded in 1973, it has a student population of approximately 12,500, distributed among 58 graduate, 40 Masters of Science and 25 PhD programs, distributed by departments and autonomous sections, with specialized faculties. It is a Research & Development university, with research departments developing programmes in fundamental and applied mathematics, physics, chemistry, telecommunications, robotics, bioinformatics, sea sciences, materials, design, business administration and industrial engineering.
The main campus and nearby Administration and Accounting Institute, are located in the city centre of Aveiro. There are external/regional campuses in Águeda (Higher Education Technological and Management School of Águeda) and Oliveira de Azeméis (Higher Education School of North Aveiro). It serves as a pole for the inter-university Doctoral program, along with the universities of Porto and Minho. Its integrated Masters in Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering was the first Portuguese IT oriented European Accredited Engineering Masters (EUR-ACE) by the European Network for Accreditation of Engineering Education.
History
On 15 December 1973, at the inaugural speech of Professor José Veiga Simão, then Minister of National Education () the new rector, stated:
"In the peaceful construction of the future and in defense of sacred and enduring values, here will rise the University of Aveiro.
Announced in a speech at the Museum of Aveiro, the event was held to mark the first meeting of the commission establishing the University of Aveiro, that included José Simão and other members of academic society and Aveiro. The first pedagogical and scientific activities began in 1974, with first days classes in the telecommunication course, comprising 46 students.
The licentiate courses established at the University of Aveiro (UA) were the first courses in innovative areas, that were not explored by traditional universities at the time in Portugal, but important to regional or national initiatives. By 1976 there were courses in environmental science and education, natural sciences and education, mathematics and education, Portuguese-English and education and Portuguese-French and education. The student population included 338. It was only in that year that the first infrastructure were established in the area later known as the University Campus of Santigao ().
During the 1977–1978 lecture year, there was a proposal to create a pilot project: the first Centro Integrado de Formação de Professores (CIFOP), today the Integrated Unit for Continuing Education (), in the country. At UA, the intention was to establish a training institute for professors/teachers, from infant education to secondary school, using the latest pedagogical resources and innovative methods. The project was headed by Professor João Evangelista Loureiro, the former vice-rector at UA.
A period of consolidation occurred at the university in the 1980s, resulting in internal regulation and the creation of fundamental bodies (during the mandate of the second rector Dr. José Mesquita Rodrigues) as well as the conclusion of the purchase of lands for the campus, later completed during the mandate of Dr. Renato Araújo. By the end of the 1980s (specifically 24 September 1988), the law for university autonomy, permitted the consolidation of the university organic laws, and homologation of the university statutes, in June 1989. Meanwhile, a team coordinated by architect Nuno Portas, had begun selecting among various prestigious Portuguese architects in 1986 to design the Santigao University Campus, that fell in line with their attempt to harmonize the structures with the architectural heritage of the city. Many of the buildings, therefore, were designed by internationally recognized architects, among them: Alcino Soutinho, Álvaro Sisa Vieira, Pedro Ramalho, Luís Ramalho, José Maria Lopo Prata, Eduardo Souto Moura, Adalberto Dias, Rebello de Andrade, Jorge Kol de Carvalho, Gonçalo Byrne and Figueiredo Dias, whose works have annually been visited by national and international specialists. By the mid-1980s teaching had expanded with innovative courses in Environment, Industrial Management, Music, Tourism, Chemical Industry and New Technologies.
The 1990s was marked by a new phase at UA, with priorities redefined to position the university towards internationalization and cooperation, namely European programs, reinforcing relationships with Portuguese-speaking and Latin states, and building protocols between international institutes, organs and companies abroad. In parallel there were initiatives in continuing education, distance learning and improving student satisfaction and quality. In 1994, an Internet search engine, SAPO, was created in this university. Since 1998, the university has been developing an ecological motor vehicle, Ícaro, aiming to run the largest distance with the smallest amount of consumed fuel, having participated in the international competition Shell Eco-marathon.
During the second mandate of the fourth rector, Dr. Júlio Pedrosa, the student population was 8000, and the university had the most number of internationally recognized programs. During 25th anniversary celebrations, UA advanced with the integration of polytechnical study into early training programs. The creation of the Escola Superior de Tecnologia e Gestão de Águeda (in 1997), the integration of the Instituto de Contabilidade e Administração de Aveiro (in 1999), the implementation of the Escola Superior de Saúde (in 2000), and the implementation of a polytechnical school in the northern district, the Escola Superior Aveiro-Norte], was part of this process of integration. In 2012–13, it was ranked 351–400 in the Times Higher Education World University rankings. Rankings
The first mandate of its sixth rector, Dr. Maria Helena Nazaré, was marked by the start of professional program in technology (2002–2003). Since 2009, it has hosted a SexLab aimed at studying sexual health.
In February 2010 Professor Manuel António de Assunção took charge as the seventh rector, a position held for two mandates until May 2018. During this time he promoted the establishment of the Fábrica – Centro de Ciência Viva de Aveiro.
On 8 May 2018 Dr. Paulo Jorge Ferreira took office as the eight rector.
Culture
The university hosts 3810-UA, a weekly national public television program.
In mid-spring, a one-week break from formal studies is allowed, wherein anyone may participate in academic activities, concerts or Enterro do Ano, a local academic parade.
The university is a regular participant or organizer of robotics inter-university or inter-school competitions, i.e.: Micro-Rato (hardware robotics) and Cyber-Rato (behavioral software). In 2008, one of its teams won the Robocup world competition, in China.
The university occasionally organizes mathematics competitions, mostly aimed at pre-university level students.
University Campus Santiago
The university architecture is modern, with more than 25 buildings.
As an organization, the university is composed of departments (one of them built by Eduardo Souto de Moura), autonomous sections, research units, administrative and service facilities, a library (built by Álvaro Siza), a mediateque, a field track, a multisports building with gym, a residential complex, green spaces, ecological spots and parking lots. The rectory (built by Gonçalo Byrne) is located in a white building near the campus centre.
The campus also has an entire Administration and Accounting Institute, which has its own service facilities and parking lots.
Research
The projects developed by UA are developed under 20 research centres, of many different scientific areas:
Centre for Environmental and Marine Studies (CESAM)
Center for Research in Higher Education Policies (CIPES)
Aveiro Research Centre of Risks and Sustainability in Construction (RISCO)
Research Centre for Didactics and Technology in Teacher Education (CIDTFF)
Centre of Research and Development in Mathematics and Applications (CIDMA)
Digital Media and Interaction (DigiMedia)
Center for Health technology and Services Research (CINTESIS)
William James Research Center (WJCR)
Centre for Languages, Literature and Cultures (CLLC)
Centre for Mechanical Technology and Automation (TEMA)
GeoBioSciences, GeoTechnologies and GeoEngineering (GEOBIOTEC)
Institute of Telecommunications (IT)
Institute of Biomedicine of Aveiro (IBIMED)
Institute of Electronics and Informatics Engineering of Aveiro (IEETA)
Institute of Ethnomusicology - Centre of Music and Dance Studies (INET-Md)
Research Institute for Design, Media and Culture (ID+)
Aveiro Institute of Materials (CICECO)
Institute for Nanostructures, Nanomodelling and Nanofabrication - Physics of Semicondutors, Optoelectronics and Disordered Systems (I3N-FSCOSD)
REQUIMTE – Network of Chemistry and Technology
Governance, Competitiveness and Public Policies (GOVCOPP)
As a research-led institution, during 2015, 316 research and technology transfer projects were active in UA. 80 of these projects are/were funded by International and European Programmes, of which 27 by the 7th Framework Programme, 13 by the Horizon 2020 and 17 by the ERASMUS +.
Faculty and alumni
Catarina Fagundes, windsurfer at 1996 Summer Olympics
Jacinta, jazz singer
José Carlos Pedro, researcher at IT, professor, IEEE Fellow
Filipe Teles, political scientist
Miguel Viegas, Member of the European Parliament
Eduardo Marçal Grilo, mechanical engineer and politician
Nuno Borges De Carvalho, professor, IEEE Fellow
Miguel Monteiro, paraolympic bronze medal winner and former world recordist of the longest shot put throw
See also
ECIU
EUA
IEEE
ESDP-Network
List of universities in Portugal
Higher education in Portugal
References
Aveiro
Aveiro, Portugal
1973 establishments in Portugal
Educational institutions established in 1973
Álvaro Siza Vieira buildings
Modernist architecture in Portugal
Kar Plateau () is a small, mainly snow-covered plateau with an almost vertical rock scarp marking its southern side, standing on the west side of Granite Harbour, just north of the terminus of Mackay Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. The plateau rises gently toward the northwest to the heights of Mount Marston. It was mapped and named by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, "kar" being a Turkish word meaning snow.
See also
Kappen Cliffs
References
Plateaus of Antarctica
Landforms of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Károly Peyer (9 May 1881 – 25 October 1956) was a Hungarian politician who served as Interior Minister for six days after the end of the Hungarian Soviet Republic in 1919. He was later Minister of Works in the cabinets of István Friedrich and Károly Huszár. He took part in the consolidation policy of István Bethlen in 1921: as the leader of the main opposition party (the Hungarian Social Democratic Party) he compromised with the Prime Minister (the Bethlen-Peyer Pact). Peyer was called "betrayer of the left-wing" by the communists.
In 1947 Peyer was excluded from his party, so he joined to the Hungarian Radical Party, which organised against communist rule. Soon Peyer emigrated to the United States. The next year the People's Tribunal sentenced him to 8 years.
Peyer died of a heart attack on 25 October 1956, while listening to the news of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, which broke out two days earlier.
References
Magyar Életrajzi Lexikon
1881 births
1956 deaths
People from Veszprém County
Hungarian people of German descent
Social Democratic Party of Hungary politicians
Hungarian Radical Party politicians
Hungarian Interior Ministers
Members of the Diet of Hungary
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1945–1947)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1947–1949)
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
A much modified Gloster Meteor F8 fighter, the "prone position/prone pilot" Meteor, was used by the Royal Air Force in 1954 and 1955 to evaluate the effects of acceleration/inertia-induced forces while flying in a prone position. Along with the Reid and Sigrist R.S.4 "Bobsleigh", the Gloster Meteor was engaged in a proof-of-concept experimental programme that proved in practice that the difficulties in rearward visibility and ejection outweighed the advantages of sustaining higher g effects.
Design and development
In the early 1950s the adoption of a prone position cockpit in future combat aircraft designs appeared attractive for two reasons. Firstly, such a configuration enabled the frontal area of the airframe to be reduced and therefore reduced drag. Secondly, aircrew can withstand greater inertial forces if not sitting upright, a vital consideration given the need for jet combat aircraft to manoeuvre at ever increasing speeds. While the Reid and Sigrist R.S.4 "Bobsleigh" explored low speed performance 1951–1956, the Royal Air Force soon also needed a higher performance concept aircraft.
The Bristol Aeroplane Company sought to exploit these advantages by incorporating a prone pilot position in its proposal for a rocket-powered fighter, the Bristol Type 185. In order to establish the viability of a prone pilot cockpit, the RAF Institute of Aviation Medicine required a jet aircraft that could be flown in experimental flight tests. The last production Meteor F8, serial WK935, built by Armstrong-Whitworth was selected for modification and joined the Institute in autumn 1954.
Armstrong-Whitworth carried out the modifications as an "in-house" project. The standard fighter cockpit was retained; WK935 was never flown solo from the radically modified front cockpit, which incorporated a custom-built couch, offset tiny control column, and suspended rear pedals. A Meteor NF 12 tail unit was substituted for the usual F8 tail. The Armstrong-Whitworth Chief Test Pilot Eric George Franklin carried out the test flights.
The prone pilot's emergency escape involved a complex procedure which included jettisoning the rudder pedals, crawling backward to an escape hatch and retracting the nose wheel. This system was never used.
Operational history
Testing and evaluation
Following some 55 hours of flight testing over 99 flights, the results were inconclusive; although the prone position concept was feasible, the development of special aviation clothing (g-suits) offered a simpler solution to the problem of counteracting inertial forces, and the prone position Meteor was no longer needed. Although prone pilots were able to control the aircraft as well as a standard Meteor, the extreme forward position with limited rear view presented a problem in mock combat with conventional aircraft. RAF test pilot C.M. Lambert described flying Meteor WK935 in the 30 March 1956 issue of Flight magazine.
Meteor F8 WK935 was retired after a year and after storage at No. 12 Maintenance Unit, the aircraft was sent to RAF Colerne before being preserved at the Royal Air Force Museum Cosford.
Operators
Royal Air Force
Specifications (Meteor F.8 modified)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Ashley, Glenn. Meteor in Action. Carrollton, Texas: Squadron/Signal Publications Inc., 1995. .
Bowyer, Chaz. Gloster Meteor. London: Ian Allan Ltd., 1985. .
Butler, Tony. Gloster Meteor. Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom: Hall Park Books Ltd., 2001. .
Caruana, Richard J. and Richard A. Franks. The Gloster & AW Meteor. Kingsway, Bedford, United Kingdom: SAM Publications, 2004. .
Lambert, C.M. Handling the Prone-pilot Meteor: Flying a Jet Aircraft Head First. Flight, 30 March 1956
Green, William and Gordon Swanborough. The Great Book of Fighters. St. Paul, Minnesota: MBI Publishing, 2001. .
Jones, Barry. Gloster Meteor. Ramsbury, Marlborough, Wiltshire, United Kingdom: The Crowood Press Ltd., 1998. .
Young, Michael G. "Prone Meteor." Aviation News, Vol. 13, No. 22, 22 March–4 April 1985.
External links
Gloster Meteor T7/F8
Royal Air Force Museum: Gloster Meteor F8 Prone Position
1950s British experimental aircraft
Prone pilot aircraft
Meteor F8
Aircraft first flown in 1954
The 1999 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Joseph P. Riley, Jr. Park in Charleston, SC from May 19 through May 22. Top seeded The Citadel won the tournament and earned the Southern Conference's automatic bid to the 1999 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. It was the Bulldogs fifth tournament win.
The tournament used a double-elimination format. Only the top eight teams participate, so Appalachian State, Davidson, and Furman were not in the field.
Seeding
Bracket
All-Tournament Team
References
Tournament
Southern Conference Baseball Tournament
Southern Conference Baseball Tournament
Southern Conference Baseball Tournament
Karl Emil Georg Gerhard (born Karl Emil Georg Johnson; 14 April 1891 – 22 April 1964) was a Swedish theater director, revue writer and actor. In 1938 he changed his surname to Gerhard and used the pseudonym Karl-Gerhard.
Biography
Karl Emil Georg Johnson was born in Hedvig Eleonora parish in Stockholm, Sweden. He was the son of Frans Emil Jonsson (1861–1917) and Jenny Augusta Jonsdotter (1863–1906). In 1916, he appeared as an actor under the direction of Hjalmar Selander at the Nya Teatern in Gothenburg. In 1919, he debuted as a couplet singer at the cabaret Fenixpalatset in Stockholm as successor to Ernst Rolf (1891–1932). For many years, he was an actor in various traveling theater companies.
Through most of his career, he wrote songs and couplets as well as a large number of sketches, dialogues and monologues for performance on the stages of Stockholm and Gothenburg. Many of Karl Gerhard's plays and songs were politically to the left, and during the 1930s and World War II, they contained clear anti-fascist statements. He composed and sang a number of couplet text that sharply criticized the Swedish government's apathy towards Nazi Germany, among these Den ökända hästen från Troja (The Infamous Horse of Troy).
He was married three times: to actresses Mary Johnson (1913 to 1920), Valborg Geyron (1922 to 1930) and Brita Werner (1930 to 1936).
He was the father of actor Per Gerhard (1924–2011).
Selected filmography
Mästerkatten i stövlar (1918)
Say It with Music (1929)
Prov utan värde (1930)
Lucky Devils (1932)
Äktenskapsleken (1935) (also script)
We Three Debutantes (1953)
The Jazz Boy (1958)
References
External links
1891 births
1964 deaths
20th-century Swedish male singers
20th-century Swedish male actors
Swedish male film actors
Swedish male silent film actors
Swedish songwriters
Singers from Stockholm
Male actors from Stockholm
is a bay on the north coast of western Honshu, the largest island of Japan. The bay faces the Sea of Japan and within the borders of Tottori Prefecture. Miho bay is bounded to the west by Yumigahama Peninsula, which forms the western border with Shimane Prefecture.
Geography
Miho Bay is approximately in length, extends from the coast, and has a depth of . The bay has an average temperature of between 20 and 22 °C.
Miho Bay is generally defined as extending from the mouth of the Amida River in Daisen to the east and Cape Jizō at the tip of the Shimane Peninsula to the west. Miho Bay is naturally protected by numerous reefs and the quicksand of the Hino River, but as these natural areas of protection have decreased, coastal erosion has become a problem along the bay.
Miho Bay was known historically as a safe harbor.
Coastal cities and towns
Miho Bay is faced by the coastal cities and towns of and Matsue, Shimane Prefecture, Sakaiminato and Yonago make up the Yumigahama Peninsula coastal area of Miho Bay, and the coast continues east to Hiezu and Daisen at the west of Tottori Prefecture.
Rivers
The Hino River, the Miho River, and the Amida River all empty into Miho Bay. The short, shallow Sakai Channel connects Nakaumi and Lake Jinji to Miho Bay.
Tourism and recreation
A large onsen in Yonago, the Keike Onsen, faces Miho Bay. There are also yachting and fishing facilities, as well as numerous white sandy beaches.
Transportation
Yonago Airport prominently occupies the middle of the Yurigahama Peninsula, and the runway of the airport is less than 1 km from Miho Bay.
Two train lines run along the distance of the bay. The JR West Sanin Main Line runs near the eastern coast of the bay to Yonago Station, and the JR West Sakai Line runs along the western coast of the bay to Sakaiminato Station.
Miho Bay has traditionally been one point of connection to the Oki Islands. One ferry to the Oki Islands, name, has a terminus on Nakaumi in Sakaiminato, travels through the Sakai Channel, crosses Miho Bay, and the connects to the Oki Islands across the Sea of Japan.
Mihonoseki Incident
In 1927, 4 nautical miles from Cape Jizō, the light cruiser Jintsuu and the Momi-class destroyer Warabi, both ships of the Imperial Japanese Navy, collided at the mouth of Miho Bay. There were 92 naval personnel who were killed when the Warabi sunk, and 28 were killed aboard the Jintsuu. The event became known as the . Captain Keiji Mizushiro (1883–1927) was questioned, but committed suicide before the beginning of the trial. The Jintsuu was recommissioned during World War II and was chosen as a shinyo suicide boat in Tokyo Bay, but it ran aground shortly before the end of the war and was scrapped in 1947.
References
Bays of Japan
Landforms of Tottori Prefecture
Landforms of Shimane Prefecture
Tourist attractions in Tottori Prefecture
Tourist attractions in Shimane Prefecture
The dull-coloured grassquit (Asemospiza obscura) is a small bird. It is recognized as a tanager closely related to Darwin's finches.
It is found in northwestern Argentina, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and western Venezuela. It is a vagrant to Paraguay and central Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
dull-coloured grassquit
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of Bolivia
dull-coloured grassquit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fan Jian ( 250s–263), courtesy name Changyuan, was a Chinese politician of the state of Shu Han in the late Three Kingdoms period. He served briefly in the state of Cao Wei after the fall of Shu in 263.
Life
Fan Jian was from Yiyang Commandery (), which is around present-day Zaoyang, Hubei. He served as an official in the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period. The highest positions he reached in the Shu government were Palace Attendant () and Prefect of the Masters of Writing (). Along with Zhuge Zhan and Dong Jue, Fan Jian was one of the leading figures in the Shu government in the 250s and 260s. Despite his best efforts, he was unable to curb the negative influence of Huang Hao, an imperial eunuch highly favoured by the Shu emperor Liu Shan. After the fall of Shu in 263, Fan Jian served under Shu's rival state Cao Wei and travelled to the Wei imperial capital, Luoyang. He first served as an Army Adviser to the Chancellor of State () and was subsequently given the additional appointment of a Regular Mounted Attendant (). The Wei government sent him back to the former Shu territories to comfort the people. He was later promoted to the position of an Official Who Concurrently Serves in the Palace ().
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
2nd-century births
Year of death unknown
Cao Wei politicians
Politicians from Hubei
Shu Han politicians
NEM or nem may refer to:
Economics
National Electricity Market, an eastern Australian interstate wholesale electricity market with high voltage interconnectors
Net energy metering, an electricity billing mechanism
Networked and Electronic Media, a European industrial initiative
New Economic Mechanism, economic reforms undertaken in Hungary in 1968 and in Laos in 1986
New Economic Model, an initiative to reform Malaysia's economy
Science and technology
N-Ethylmaleimide, an organic compound
Transport
New Malden railway station, London, National Rail station code
Other uses
Nem (disambiguation), a Vietnamese dish
Nem (footballer, born 1987) (Rogisvaldo João dos Santos), Brazilian footballer
Newmont (NYSE symbol), a US gold mining company
Normen Europäischer Modellbahnen, the European standards for model railroads issued by the MOROP
Nouvel Ensemble Moderne, a chamber orchestra from Montreal, Canada
National Equality March, a 2009 LGBT rights protest in Washington, DC, US
The Boarstall Duck Decoy is a 17th-century duck decoy located in Boarstall, Buckinghamshire, England, and now a National Trust property. The system took advantage of a two-acre lake with pipe-cage tunnels running out of it.
At one time a common sight in the English countryside, only four duck decoys now remain. The Boarstall Duck Decoy is still in working order, and is surrounded by of natural woodland.
The intent of the decoy was to catch large numbers of waterfowl. A decoy or fake duck was used to attract birds onto a small patch of water. The pond was equipped with a long cone-shaped wickerwork tunnel. A "decoyman" with a trained dog then herded the birds into the tunnel. Once the birds had been trapped in the tunnel, they could then be caught as required. Originally, the birds trapped here were a source of food. The advantage over simply shooting the birds was that ducks caught by this method did not have pellets or lead shot in their bodies that would have to be removed prior to consumption, allowing them to command higher prices. Today, the National Trust organise demonstrations, and any birds caught are ringed for ornithological study. One duck apparently traveled as far away as Turkey.
References
External links
Boarstall Duck Decoy information at the National Trust
National Trust properties in Buckinghamshire
Tourist attractions in Buckinghamshire
Decoys
Azteca cordincola is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Forel in 1921, the species is endemic to Bolivia.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of South America
Insects described in 1921
Mangajik District (Persian: ولسوالی منگجک) is situated in the central part of Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan. It borders Khwaja du koh and Khamyab districts to the west, Qarqin District to the north, Mardyan District to the east and Aqcha District to the south. The population is 38,100 (2006). The district center is the village of Mingajik, located in the southern part of the district and a few miles from Aqchah to the northwest.
District Map
AIMS District Map
Districts of Jowzjan Province
Vavuniya District ( Vavuṉiyā Māvaṭṭam; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka, the second level administrative division of the country. The district is administered by a District Secretariat headed by a District Secretary (previously known as a Government Agent) appointed by the central government of Sri Lanka. The capital of the district is the city of Vavuniya.
History
Between 5th century BC and 13th century AD present day Vavuniya District was part of Rajarata. Vavuniya District was thereafter ruled by Vanniar Chieftains who paid tribute to the pre-colonial Jaffna kingdom. The district then came under Portuguese, Dutch and British control. In 1815 the British gained control of the entire island of Ceylon. They divided the island into three ethnic based administrative structures: Low Country Sinhalese, Kandyan Sinhalese and Tamil. The district, which was then called Vanni District, was part of the Tamil administration. In 1833, in accordance with the recommendations of the Colebrooke-Cameron Commission, the ethnic based administrative structures were unified into a single administration divided into five geographic provinces. Vanni District, together with Jaffna District and Mannar District, formed the new Northern Province.
Vanni District was later renamed Mullaitivu District and then Vavuniya District. At the time that Ceylon gained independence, Vavuniya was one of the three districts located in the Northern Province. Mullaitivu District was carved out of the northern part of Vavuniya District in September 1978.
Parts of Vavuniya District were under the control of rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam for many years during the civil war. The entire district was recaptured by the Sri Lankan military in 2008.
Geography
Vavuniya District is located in the north of Sri Lanka in the Northern Province. It has an area of .
Administrative units
Vavuniya District is divided into 4 Divisional Secretary's Division (DS Divisions), each headed by a Divisional Secretary (previously known as an Assistant Government Agent). The DS Divisions are further sub-divided into 102 Grama Niladhari Divisions (GN Divisions).
Demographics
Population
Vavuniya District's population was 171,511 in 2012. The population of the district is mostly Sri Lankan Tamil.
The population of the district, like the rest of the north and east of Sri Lanka, has been heavily affected by the civil war. The war killed an estimated 100,000 people. Several hundred thousand Sri Lankan Tamils, possibly as much as one million, emigrated to the West during the war. Many Sri Lankan Tamils also moved to the relative safety of the capital Colombo. Most of the Sri Lankan Moors and Sinhalese who lived in the district fled to other parts of Sri Lanka or were forcibly expelled by the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, though most of them have returned to the district since the end of the civil war.
Ethnicity
Religion
Politics and government
Local government
Vavuniya District has 5 local authorities of which one is an Urban Council and the remaining 4 are Divisional Councils (Pradesha Sabhai or Pradeshiya Sabha).
Notes
References
External links
Vavuniya District Secretariat
Districts of Sri Lanka
is a private university in Himeji, Hyōgo, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1881, and it was chartered as a university in 1986. It has many international students relative to other Japanese universities, and is most known for the strength of its foreign studies program. It is a sister university of Dokkyo University in Tokyo.
History
The first faculties were the Faculty of Foreign Languages, the Faculty of Law. In 1989, the faculty of Econo-informatics was founded, and in 2006 faculties of Medicine, Health and Physical Therapy were started. The Japanese foundation University Accreditation Association, according to a 2010 university evaluation and accreditation, has certified the university as being in conformity with Japanese university standards.
On May 26, 2010, the decision was taken to stop accepting new student applications to the graduate law school, which was opened in April 2006. No students passed the entrance exam.
In 2013, Himeji Dokkyo University was chosen as the partner site for the U.S. Department of State Critical Language Scholarship (CLS) Program. Approximately thirty students live in a Himeji business hotel and attend 20 hours of per week language instruction at the University for the summer.
Unions
Some staff members at Himeji Dokkyo University are represented by the General Union, a member of the National Union of General Workers (NUGW), which is itself a member of the National Trade Union Council (Zenrokyo).
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1881
1881 establishments in Japan
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
Kansai Collegiate American Football League
Buildings and structures in Himeji
Puget lowland forests is a temperate coniferous forest ecoregion the Pacific coast of North America, as defined by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) categorization system.
Setting
The WWF defines the ecoregion as inhabiting mainland coasts and islands the Georgia Depression, a glacially depressed area dominated by the Salish Sea and numerous inflowing rivers. This differs from the Strait of Georgia/Puget Lowland ecoregion defined by the CEC in that it explicitly excludes the lowlands along the east coast of Vancouver Island. The WWF considers these lowlands a part of the neighbouring Central Pacific coastal forests ecoregion.
The landscape features glacially striated tablelands and rolling hills underlain by sedimentary rocks. The majority of soils in the depression are formed from glacial till, glacial outwash, and Lacustrine deposits. Elevations range from sea level to 460 m (1,509 ft), seldom exceeding 160 m (525 ft).
Climate
The ecoregion has a predominantly Mediterranean climate (Köppen Csb) with fresh, dry, sunny summers and cool winters with moderate precipitation and plentiful cloud cover. Further inland it gradually transitions into an Oceanic climate (Köppen Cfb) with slightly milder, wetter summers. The mean annual temperature is 9°C (48.2°F), the mean summer temperature is 15°C (59°F), and the mean winter temperature is 3.5°C (38.3°F). Annual precipitation averages between 800 to 900 mm (31.5 to 35.4 in), but may be as high as 1,530 mm (60.2 in).
Ecology
Flora
Before European settlement, the Georgia Depression was dominated by dense coniferous forests of Douglas fir, Western Hemlock, Western Redcedar, shore pine, and western white pine. The ecoregion was also home to extensive coastal wetlands and peat bog ecosystems scattered about in poorly drained areas. The lowlands south of Puget Sound were home to an extensive region of prairies. These ecosystems have since been greatly reduced in size due to the repurposing of these lands for agriculture, grazing, industry, and urban development.
Fauna
Mammals that inhabit this ecoregion include black-tailed deer, coyote, raccoon, mink, sea otter, harbour seal, red fox, and the introduced Virginia opossum. Birds represent the majority of resident species, including cooper's hawk, bald eagle, turkey vulture, owl, blue grouse, waterfowl, and numerous passerine species.
Threats and preservation
Development
This ecoregion lies within the most densely populated area of British Columbia and Washington, including the metropolitan areas of Vancouver and Seattle. Consequently, only 5% of the original lowland forest habitat within the region remains, and over 90% of these remaining areas have been heavily altered from their natural state. Most exist as tree farms, city parks, or as small state/provincial parks geographically isolated from one another.
Climate change
Sea-level rise threatens to permanently flood large swaths of coastal wetland and lowland forest. Regions at highest risk include the Fraser Lowland and Skagit Valley.
Preservation
The opportunity exists to use local conservation easements to protect remaining riparian and wetland areas, restore a portion of the old-growth forests, and provide connections to adjacent ecoregions. The best candidates for conservation include the establishment of more forest connections between the forests of the Olympic Peninsula and Cascade Mountains just south of Olympia and the protection of Burns Bog within Metro Vancouver.
Protected areas
Some protected areas of this ecoregion include:
Anacortes Community Forest Lands
Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge
Desolation Sound Marine Provincial Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Moran State Park
Larrabee State Park
Stanley Park
See also
List of ecoregions in Canada (WWF)
List of ecoregions in the United States (WWF)
References
External links
Ecozones and ecoregions of British Columbia
Forests of British Columbia
Forests of Washington (state)
Nearctic ecoregions
Pacific temperate rainforests
Temperate coniferous forests
The 2006 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between March 29 and 31, 2006 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The World Championships are organised by the ISU which also run world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.
Results
Men
* First place is awarded 34 points, second is awarded 21 points, third is awarded 13 points, fourth is awarded 8 points, fifth is awarded 5 points, sixth is awarded 3 points, seventh is awarded 2 points, and eighth is awarded 1 point in the finals of each individual race to determine the overall world champion. The relays do not count for the overall classification.
Women
* First place is awarded 34 points, second is awarded 21 points, third is awarded 13 points, fourth is awarded 8 points, fifth is awarded 5 points, sixth is awarded 3 points, seventh is awarded 2 points and eighth is awarded 1 point in the finals of each individual race to determine the overall world champion. The relays do not count for the overall classification.
Medal table
External links
ISU Results
Results book
World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
World
International speed skating competitions hosted by the United States
World Short Track
World Short Track
Sports competitions in Minneapolis
Heptanoyl chloride is a seven-carbon acyl chloride with a straight-chain structure that is used as a reagent in organic synthesis.
References
Acyl chlorides
Crisp County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 23,439. The county seat is Cordele. The county was created on August 17, 1905, from Dooly County and named for Georgia Congressman Charles Frederick Crisp.
Crisp County comprises the Cordele, GA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.0%) is water.
The western two-thirds of Crisp County, bordered on the east by a line from south of Arabi running northeast, is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The eastern third of the county is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River.
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 280
State Route 7
State Route 30
State Route 33
State Route 33 Connector
State Route 90
State Route 257
State Route 300
State Route 300 Connector
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
Adjacent counties
Dooly County (north)
Wilcox County (east)
Turner County (southeast)
Worth County (southwest)
Lee County (west)
Sumter County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 21,996 people, 8,337 households, and 5,869 families living in the county. The population density was 80 people per square mile (31/km2). There were 9,559 housing units at an average density of 35 per square mile (13/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 54.07% White, 43.40% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.68% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.98% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. 1.74% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,337 households, out of which 34.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.80% were married couples living together, 21.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60% were non-families. 26.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.00% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 27.00% from 25 to 44, 21.80% from 45 to 64, and 13.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 88.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,547, and the median income for a family was $32,747. Males had a median income of $28,595 versus $19,393 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,695. About 24.60% of families and 29.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 41.80% of those under age 18 and 24.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 23,439 people, 9,079 households, and 6,295 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 10,734 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 53.3% white, 43.0% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 1.8% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 9.7% were Irish, 9.3% were American, and 7.8% were English.
Of the 9,079 households, 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were married couples living together, 21.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.7% were non-families, and 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.04. The median age was 38.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,960 and the median income for a family was $41,616. Males had a median income of $35,290 versus $25,932 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,187. About 24.0% of families and 29.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 47.9% of those under age 18 and 16.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 20,128 people, 8,585 households, and 5,712 families residing in the county.
Education
Communities
Arabi
Coney
Cordele (county seat)
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crisp County, Georgia
References
External links
http://www.crispcounty.com
Crisp County historical marker
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1905
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
The 2021 Frisco Football Classic was a college football bowl game played on December 23, 2021, in Frisco, Texas, with kickoff at 3:30 p.m. ET (2:30 p.m. CT local time), televised on ESPN. It was one of the 2021–22 bowl games concluding the 2021 FBS football season.
The NCAA approved the bowl game in order to accommodate all 83 bowl-eligible teams; otherwise, one bowl-eligible team would not have been selected for a bowl game. The added bowl game essentially served as a replacement of the canceled San Francisco Bowl.
Teams
The game features teams from the Group of Five conferences. This was the first time that North Texas and Miami University ever played each other.
North Texas Mean Green
North Texas, from Conference USA (C–USA), finished the regular season 6–6, 5–3 in conference play. The Mean Green won their season opener against Northwestern State, 44–14, but then lost the next six games, dropping to 1–6. North Texas then went on to win its next five games, including upset victories over UTEP and a 45–23 victory over no. 22 UTSA in the regular season finale, handing UTSA its first loss of the season.
Miami RedHawks
Miami, from the Mid-American Conference (MAC), finished the regular season 6–6, 5–3 in conference play. In the team's regular season finale, the RedHawks had a chance to play in the MAC Championship Game by defeating Kent State. Miami trailed 31–41 with 11:17 left in regulation, coming back to tie the game 41–41 to send it to overtime. Kent State went on offense first, scoring a touchdown and making the point after attempt. The RedHawks would score a touchdown and attempted a two-point conversion pass, but the pass was incomplete. Miami lost 47–48, sending Kent State to the conference championship game.
Game summary
Statistics
See also
2021 Frisco Bowl, played at the same venue two days prior
Notes
References
External links
Game statistics at statbroadcast.com
Frisco Football Classic
Miami RedHawks football bowl games
North Texas Mean Green football bowl games
2021 in sports in Texas
Frisco Football Classic
The term Archeparchy of Mosul may refer to:
Archeparchy of Mosul (Church of the East), a historical archeparchy (archdiocese) of the Church of the East, in Mosul (Iraq)
Chaldean Catholic Archeparchy of Mosul, an archeparchy (archdiocese) of the Chaldean Catholic Church, in Mosul (Iraq)
Syrian Catholic Archeparchy of Mosul, an archeparchy (archdiocese) of the Syrian Catholic Church, in Mosul (Iraq)
See also
Mosul
Archeparchy of Erbil (disambiguation)
Archeparchy of Baghdad (disambiguation)
Archeparchies of the Church of the East
The Film Club is a non-fiction book by Canadian writer David Gilmour. It is a memoir of himself letting his teenage son (Jesse Gilmour) drop out of high school under the stipulation that he must watch three films a week. It was first published by Thomas Allen Publishers in September 2007.
Plot
David Gilmour allowed his 15-year-old son Jesse to stop going to school without getting a job under the condition that they watch three films each week together. They go by their film schedule for three years while discussing them with each other. During this time, Jesse has trouble with the influence of drugs and his girlfriend. By the book's completion, Gilmour works harder and Jesse tries to live successfully.
Films
The films that David Gilmour watches with his son includes Citizen Kane, Showgirls, Pulp Fiction, Last Tango in Paris, The 400 Blows, Ran, Singin' in the Rain, The Exorcist and Basic Instinct. Gilmour's rationale for the varied film genres is that it gives his son some education.
Release
The Film Club has been translated into 24 languages. The memoir sold well in Germany, Brazil, and Canada. The book's popularity helped him become Pelham Edgar Visiting Professor of Literary Studies at the University of Toronto. He has said that if he would send his best work to Mars, it would be The Perfect Order of Things.
Reception
Gregory Kirschling of Entertainment Weekly gave the book an A−, saying "Gilmour's a clear, breezy writer, and his book's got a lot of heart; ultimately, it becomes subtly affecting." Pat Saperstein of Variety said that Gilmour's idea is "a fascinating experiment – especially for parents of teens going through similar struggles – and mostly engaging, albeit a tad self-involved". Heather Harris of Metro Times said that the memoir has many strengths in relation to family.
References
Canadian non-fiction books
2007 non-fiction books
Pekka Juhani Kuusisto (born 17 January 1945) is a Finnish former ice hockey defenseman and Olympian.
Career
Kuusisto played with Team Finland at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. He previously played for Rosenlewin Urheilijat-38 and Ilves in the Liiga league.
References
1945 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Tampere
Finnish ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Ilves players
The golden vireo (Vireo hypochryseus) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
golden vireo
Endemic birds of Western Mexico
golden vireo
golden vireo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
My Life as a Traitor is a 2007 biography and memoir, written by Zarah Ghahramani and Robert Hillman. The book documents the life of Ghahramani, including her early childhood. In 2001, Ghahramani was arrested for citing crimes against the Islamic Republic of Iran and sent to serve a sentence in Evin Prison; this is one of the main focuses throughout the book, as well as the prison conditions and analysing the modern-world Middle East. The book was first published on December 26, 2006 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. The book won the award for Australian Small Publisher of the Year for 2006.<ref>{{cite web|url=http://scribepublications.com.au/files/asset/location/17/My_Life_As_a_Traitor_Extract.pdf|title=Extract from My Life as a Traitor|publisher=Scribe Publications|accessdate=17 January 2008}}</ref>
Plot
The biography focuses on analysing the life of the author, Zarah Ghahramani and her imprisonment in the infamous Evin Prison. After taking part in student demonstrations at Tehran University, Ghahramani was taken, by police, from the streets of Tehran and put into this prison, where she was tortured and beaten. When in Prison, she was subject to not only beatings, but psychological torture, only retaining her sanity via scratching messages to fellow prisoners. She is kept in the prison for almost one month, and is released after being driven to a distant desert outside of Tehran, where, at the time, she was unsure of her fate and whether or not she would be executed or released.
Reception
Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly commented that "she [Ghahramani] recounts her beatings with dignified anger in this vivid, sometimes horrifying memoir, My Life as a Traitor mixing scenes from prison with sensual memories of her life before what her father called the regime of the primitives." Firoozeh Dumas comments that the book is "a compelling story...a must-read for anyone interested in understanding the complex nation that is Iran." The Sunday Telegraph'' wrote that the book is "Beautifully written, it's horrifying, enlightening and, ultimately, uplifting." The book was shortlisted for the 2008 Prime Minister's Literary Awards.
References
2007 non-fiction books
Memoirs of imprisonment
Farrar, Straus and Giroux books
Constantia may refer to:
People
Constantina or Constantia, (after 307/before 317 – 354), the eldest daughter of Roman emperor Constantine the Great and his second wife Fausta
Flavia Julia Constantia, daughter of Roman emperor Constantius Chlorus and Flavia Maximiana Theodora
Flavia Maxima Constantia, daughter of Constantius II and his third wife Faustina
Constantia Zierenberg, (or Czirenberg) (1605–1653), a Danzig singer, musician, daughter of Danzig mayor Johann Zierenberg
Felix and Constantia (died 98 AD), brother and sister saints
Judith Sargent Murray (1751—1820), American women's rights activist who used the pen name "Constantia"
Places and jurisdictions
in Europe
Constanța or Constantia (in Scythia) (Κωνστάντια), Ancient Tomis, capital of (the Romanian part of) Dobruja region by the Black Sea
the former Diocese of Constantia in Scythia, now a Latin Catholic titular see
Salamis, Cyprus, renamed Constantia in the 4th century, also Salamina (Italian), former seat of a Metropolitan archbishopric, now double (Latin Catholic and Cypriot Orthodox) titular see
Coutances, France
Konstanz, Germany
in Asia
Constantia, Lucknow, in Lucknow, India, built as the residence of Claude Martin
Constantia (Osrhoene), now in Asian Turkey
elsewhere
Constantia (town), New York, United States
Constantia (CDP), New York, a subdivision of Constantia, New York
Constantia, Cape Town, South Africa
Biology
Constantia (plant), an orchid genus
Constantia (gastropod) a genus of sea snails in the family Vanikoridae
Other
Constantia (wine), a South African wine
Constantia (typeface), a typeface introduced as part of Windows Vista
Chevrolet Constantia, an automobile marketed in South Africa from 1969 to 1978
, one of several ships of that name
DDISHTV () is a Mongolian Direct-to-home television service provider company led by Bars Ganbold (CEO).
A member of the Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union, DDISHTV was established in 2008 to carry out Mongolian government's proposal to broadcast more television channels in the countryside in high quality. It has officially started broadcasting in June 2008.
Background
Previously people outside of bigger cities in Mongolia were able to view only four national TV channels due to outdated C-Band system with analog technology which requires big antenna. DDISH began to work as first and unique operator with more TV channels to the consumers across the country through latest Ku-Band technology which allows small dishes.
Coverage area
As of February 2017, DDISH broadcast across Mongolia for over 300,000 customers, though the reception is also available in foreign countries, such as Russia and China. The service operates on Koreasat 5A satellite, formerly was on Telstar 18 satellite.
Broadcast TV and Radio programmes
On June, 2008, DDISH broadcast first 18 TV channels in whole Mongolia. As now, there are 130+ international and Mongolian channels.
Moreover, there are four FM channels, including Mongolian National Radio Program 1, Mongolian National Radio Program 2, "Lavain Egshig" and "Ulgii" Radio.
Products
DDISH TV has 4 base packages based on customer demand.
1. Package S : ENGIIN
- 80+ channels.
2. Package M : ILUU
- 110+ channels.
3. Package L : ULEMJ
- 120+ channels.
4. Package XL : BUREN
- 130+ channels.
5. NVOD
- Pay per view service from 4 channels MONGOLIAN, NEW, ADVENTURE, KIDS titles.
6. RVOD
- Pay per view service. Subscribers now able to watch movies on demand using Arion and Intek STB and USB.
7. SVOD
- Pay up to 12 months for Mongolian, Asian, Hollywood, Hits and Kids titles for subscription model.
8. Premium channels
- Playboy, HBO movie package, SPS sport package and Series package.
Sales channel
1. 5 main branches
2. 56 authorised dealers
3. Over 3800 Unitel main branches and contract dealers
Satellite link
DDISH uses Apstar 5 a.k.a. Telstar 18 to broadcast its programmes. Telstar 18 was launched in June 2008 by Sea Launch, as a replacement satellite for APSTAR-I. It has an estimated operational lifetime of over 15 years.
DDISH made a contract with KTSAT to use Koreasat-5A which was launched in October 2017 by SpaceX. The migration from Apstar-5 to Koreasat-5A is completed and the subscribers in Mongolia are enjoying high quality DTH service via Koreasat-5A.
External links
Official Site
References
Television companies of Mongolia
Pezuela is a barrio in the municipality of Lares, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 474. The barrio is divided into about 8 sectors. The barrio has been prone to landslides since Hurricane Maria struck in 2017.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Pezuela barrio was 1,010.
In late 2019, 12 landslides occurred in one month's time as a result of heavy rainfall and some homes were in danger of collapsing near PR-131. Residents stated the problem was caused by years of inaction to correct and clear waterways after Hurricane Maria, which struck in 2017. The people fear that a large landslide could occur and cause many deaths as happened with the Mameyes Landslide in Portugués Urbano barrio in Ponce in 1985.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) and subbarrios, in turn, are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Pezuela barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Lares, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Lares, Puerto Rico
Megan Lai (; born 5 December 1979) is a Taiwanese actress and singer who is best known for Bromance, Miss Rose, Meteor Garden II and Mars.
Life and career
Early life and education
Lai was born on 5 December 1979 in Yonghe, Taipei County. She is the younger of two daughters. Her father operates a Chinese medicinal herb shop, and her older sister is a teacher.
Lai is left-handed, and is able to produce handwritten mirror text, in addition to normal writing with her right hand. As a result, she often has difficulty distinguishing left from right.
Lai graduated from Taipei Municipal Datong High School, where she was the President of her school's pop dance club. Lai completed her bachelor's degree in Information Communications at Shih Hsin University. In 2008, she enrolled as a part-time learner in Ming Chuan University. She graduated in 2011 with a Master of Arts in Design management.
Lai is also licensed barista, having attained her barista certificate in 2016.
Career
Career beginnings
In 1999, Lai made her first television appearance on the Taiwanese variety show Guess in the segment "Do not judge a book by its cover", where she was a contestant along with Hebe Tien of girl group S.H.E, amongst others. She was later scouted by a modelling agency, where she started her career modelling for magazine pictorials, television advertisements, music video productions and fashion shows.
In 2002, Lai was scouted by notable television producer Angie Chai after appearing in Vic Chou's music video.
In December 2004, Lai released her first studio album, Love, which featured soundtracks from the television series' Mars and Starry Night, in which Lai also starred in.
Transition into leading roles
In 2010, Lai appeared alongside Baron Chen, Lego Lee and Chie Tanaka in the drama Because of You.
Upon graduating with a Master of Arts in January 2011, Lai was cast in the police crime drama Next Heroes. Filming began in the same month, and only commenced its broadcast run in October of the same year. Concurrently in 2011, Lai played the role of Su Hai-er in the period drama The Invaluable Treasure 1949. The role earned her a Best Actress nomination at the 46th Golden Bell Awards.
In 2012, Lai was cast in the SETTV romantic comedy Miss Rose in which she played the titular character opposite Roy Chiu.
Rising popularity
In 2014, Lai was cast in the role of A Bu-si, a lesbian barista in the highly anticipated movie adaptation of Café. Waiting. Love, penned by well-known Taiwanese novelist Giddens Ko. Lai started taking barista lessons and shed her long hair in preparation for the role, even going to the extent of not attending any public event to maintain the secrecy of her participation in the movie before her casting was announced to the public.
Lai was also cast as an ultramarathon coach in Jay Chou's first movie as an executive producer, 10,000 Miles, starring opposite Sean Huang and Darren Wang. To prepare for the role of an ultramarathon coach, Lai underwent training for three months under ultramarathon runner and executive producer, Kevin Lin. The movie was released in December 2016 to poor critical reception.
In September 2015, Lai received her fourth nomination for the Golden Bell Award for Best Actress in a Miniseries or Television Film for her role in the film The End of Love. The same month, Lai commenced filming for the romantic comedy Bromance, in which she played the role Pi Ya-nuo, a girl who has to pretend to be a boy until her 26th birthday to be safeguarded a smooth-sailing life. The drama ended its broadcast run to massive domestic and international success, and Lai received tremendous support for her portrayal in the drama.
In 2016, Lai joined the cast of the musical More Than Words, which celebrated the life and works of musical artist Chang Yu-sheng.
In 2018, after a short hiatus from acting, Lai returned to the small screen in the television series Meet Me @ 1006 in a guest appearance. Lai was then cast alongside Sammi Cheng, Kenny Bee and Richie Jen in the movie Fagara, the silver screen adaptation of Amy Cheung's novel Wo De Ai Ru Ci Ma La. The role earned her a Best Actress nomination for the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Award.
Lai also starred in the blockchain corporate warfare movie The Last Thieves opposite Yen Tsao, Joanne Tseng, and Eric Tsang, which was released in fall 2019.
Filmography
Television
Film
Variety show
Music video
Discography
Studio albums
Soundtrack appearances
Songwriting credits
Theater
Published works
(e-book)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Megan Lai at Sina Weibo
Megan Lai's Official Youtube Music Channel
1979 births
Taiwanese female models
Taiwanese television actresses
Taiwanese film actresses
Taiwanese stage actresses
Living people
21st-century Taiwanese singers
21st-century Taiwanese actresses
Actresses from New Taipei
Shih Hsin University alumni
Ming Chuan University alumni
21st-century Taiwanese women singers
Musicians from New Taipei
Tarabai Vartak (August 19, 1926−May 29, 2008) was an Indian politician from Maharashtra who served as a Minister of State for Social Welfare. She was also elected to the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in 1980. Tarabai was the first woman to hold the Zila Parishad Chief position in India, who was elected as the President of Thane Zila Parishad in 1972. She was from the Indian National Congress.
She was responsible for establishing many educational institutions in the Vasai-Virar region. She was born in Bordi village of Thane district. Her father's name was Atmarampant Save and Matoshri Ramabai. In 1944, at the age of 18, she got married to Narasinh Vartak. She holds a B.A. from Women's University. She was a member of the State and Central Social Welfare Board.
On May 29, 2008, she died in Virar, a suburb in Mumbai's Thane district (now Palghar district).
References
State cabinet ministers of Maharashtra
Maharashtra MLAs 1980–1985
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly
Marathi people
People from Maharashtra
1926 births
2008 deaths
Indian National Congress politicians from Maharashtra
Harry Webb Williamson (11 July 1913 – 8 April 2000) was an American middle-distance runner. Originally viewed more as a miler, he made the Olympic final at 800 meters in 1936.
Career
Williamson, representing the North Carolina Tar Heels, was the 1934 Southern Conference champion at both 880 yards and the mile. At the NCAA championships he placed fourth in the mile; as an upcoming talent, he was viewed as one of America's brightest hopes for the 1936 Summer Olympics. In 1935 he placed second in the NCAA championship mile, losing by inches to Emporia State's Archie San Romani as both were timed in 4:19.1.
At the 1936 Olympic Trials, however, Williamson opted for the 800 meters. He was up against world record holder and world leader Ben Eastman, NCAA and national champion Charles Beetham, returning Olympian Chuck Hornbostel and the eventual Olympic champion, John Woodruff. Woodruff ran a very fast 1:49.9 in the semi-finals and was followed home by Abraham Rosenkrantz and Eastman; Williamson qualified as third from the other, slower semi-final, won by Ross Bush. In the final, Williamson and Bush led the way for the first lap. Early in the second lap, Beetham collided with Marmaduke Hobbs, losing his chances; at almost exactly the same time, Rosenkrantz moved to the front. He was then passed by Woodruff and Hornbostel. Williamson closed with a fast sprint; while he failed to catch Woodruff or Hornbostel, he overtook Rosenkrantz at the very end, clinching the third and final Olympic spot in a time of 1:51.4.
At the Olympics in Berlin Williamson won his heat. He also won in his semi-final, making his move in the backstretch to pass 1932 bronze medalist Phil Edwards of Canada. In the final he finished sixth.
References
1913 births
2000 deaths
Sportspeople from High Point, North Carolina
American male middle-distance runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
North Carolina Tar Heels men's track and field athletes
Monica Toy is a Brazilian franchise and animated series based on Monica's Gang comic books, and also a spin-off of the cartoon series. The series features the characters drawn in a chibi-like art style. The franchise debuted on 2013 in partnership with Mauricio de Sousa and the company Tok & Stok for the sale of products based on the characters (like cups and pillows), with a cartoon premiering on the official YouTube channel on May 23 of the same year. The cartoon also debuted on Cartoon Network in Brazil after a few months.
Some apps and games for Android and iOS based on the characters the way they appear in Monica Toy were developed. In 2014 the game Tap Toy was released. In 2015 the game Up Toy was released. In 2018 an avatar creation app was released.
Animated series
Several short episodes are released on the official Monica's Gang YouTube channel since 2013 with each season having 26 episodes. The animation does not use dialogue, although all the sound effects are vocal sounds.
The episodes of the first three seasons are focused only on Monica (with Samson), Jimmy Five, Smudge and Maggy, with some rare appearances of Mauricio de Sousa and Blu since season two. The fourth season introduces the characters Chuck Billy, Zeke and Ma Megg from Chuck Billy 'n' Folks, and Vanilla the Cat. The fifth season introduces Fluffy, Thunder from Lionel's Kingdom, Bug-a-Booo, Skully and Vic Vampire from Bug-a-Booo, Horacio from Horacio's World, Bubbly the Astronaut and Pitheco, Tooga, Zoom and Boom from The Cavern Clan. The sixth season introduces Ant Rita from Lionel's Kingdom, Glu, Rosie Lee from Chuck Billy 'n' Folks, Franklin, Jeremiah, Chauvy the Pig and Ditto. The seventh season introduces Milena, Lorde Coelhão, Nutty Ned, Angel, McFox from Lionel's Kingdom, Sunny and Denise. The eighth season introduces Frank and Moe the Mummy from Bug-a-Booo.
The animation also shows some crossovers in certain episodes with characters like Red and Leonard from The Angry Birds Movie, El Chavo del Ocho, El Chapulín Colorado, Hello Kitty, Astro Boy, D.Va and Lúcio from Overwatch, plus some references to Marvel and DC Comics superheroes and Star Wars.
References
Season 1
External links
2013 web series debuts
2013 Brazilian television series debuts
Brazilian children's animated adventure television series
Brazilian children's animated comedy television series
Brazilian flash animated television series
YouTube original programming
Television shows based on comics
Mass media franchises
Crossover animated television series
Animated television series about children
Animated television series without speech
Korup National Park is in the Southwest Province of Cameroon and extends over 1,260 km2 of mostly undisturbed primary forest. It is reputedly one of Africa's oldest and richest tropical forests in terms of floral and faunal diversity. It is the most accessible rainforest national park in Cameroon with basic lodging infrastructure and a large network of trails opens to visitors. The park is a popular birdwatching destination and famous for primate viewing (including species such as the drill, Preuss's red colobus, red-eared guenon and Nigeria chimpanzee). Researchers from various disciplines have been conducting biological studies in Korup for over three decades, generating a wealth of information on rainforest ecosystems.
Location
The Korup National Park is in the Southwest Province of Cameroon between in ahaus N and 8°42' to 9°16' E. It is 50 km inland from the Bight of Biafra, 20 km from the edge of the mangrove swamps of the Rio Del Rey estuary and partially borders Nigeria. It extends over 1,260 km2 of mainly lowland rainforest and is adjacent to the Ejagham Forest Reserve to the north and the Oban Hills Division of Nigeria's Cross River National Park to the west. Near but not contiguous to the park are the Rumpi Hills and Nta Ali Forest Reserves.
History
The area was originally set aside as a forest reserve in 1937. In 1986, Korup was declared a national park by Presidential Decree No.86-1283 after a ten-year campaign led by Dr. J Stephen Gartlan, Phil Agland and the Earthlife Foundation. Phil Agland's award-winning film Korup: An African Rainforest, broadcast on British Television in November 1982 and subsequently around the world, brought the ecology of Korup to an international audience and spearheaded the campaign that was to secure the first British Government contribution of £440,000 through the ODA to rainforest conservation in 1986. In 1987, the Korup Project, an internationally funded integrated conservation and development project, provided support to the newly established park. The Korup Project area included a support zone and the forest reserves of Ejagham, Nta Ali and Rumpi Hills. In 2003, the Korup Project ended, leaving the Korup National Park management with little to no financial and logistical support. This affected the park management's ability to efficiently protect the wildlife from illegal hunting. As of 2006 however, Korup National Park is one of the three focus areas of the "Program of Sustainable Management of Natural Resources – South-West Province" (PSMNR-SWP), a bilateral cooperation between the Governments of Cameroon and Germany. With the renewed attention and support granted to Korup National Park, anti-poaching patrols have been becoming regular once again. As a partner in PSMNR-SWP, WWF-Cameroon has an advisory role on conservation and environmental education in Korup region, while the German Development Service (DED) oversees rural sustainable development activities.
Management
Administratively, the majority of Korup National Park is under the jurisdiction of the Ndian Division of Southwest Province, Cameroon. The park is managed by the Cameroon Ministry of Forestry and Wildlife. The park's management currently consists of a Conservator and approximately 27 game guards. The headquarters are in the town of Mundemba, which is located 8 km east from the park's only official entrance at Mana bridge. A game guard post is located at the bridge. A tourist information center is in the center of Mundemba town.
A five-year management plan was developed for Korup in 2002, stating that the overall goal of the park is the conservation of the biodiversity and integrity of all physical and ecological processes of Korup forest. This is to be achieved through law enforcement, promotion of sustainable land use practices and rural development within local communities, and support for low environmental impact tourism which would generate economic and social benefits to local people.
Climate
Korup has a pseudo-equatorial climate with two seasons instead of four: a pronounced dry season from December to February with average monthly rainfall less than 100 mm and an extended and intense rainy season approximately from May to October. Annual rainfall between 1973 and 1994 measured near southeastern region of the park averaged 5,272 mm (range 4,027–6,368 mm). The heaviest rainfalls are typically in August (some years exceeding 10,000 mm). Temperature varies little throughout the year with mean monthly maximum temperature in the dry season being 31.8 °C and in the wet season 30.2 °C. The northern sections of the park receive considerably less rainfall (~2500–3000 mm).
Topography
Korup soils are generally coarse-grained, sandy, well drained and low in nutrients. Their acidic nature and low organic matter make them unfavourable sites for subsistence farming and cash-crop plantations, explaining the low levels of farming disturbance in the park, which remains mostly primary forest. The elevation of the park is low (50 m) in the southern section, rising steadily northwards with increasingly rugged terrain, reaching its highest point at Mt. Yuhan (1,079 m) near the old site of the now relocated Ikondokondo village. To the north, the terrain is characterized by low rolling hills with gentle slopes. Most (82%) of the park lies within an elevation of 120 to 850 m.
A dense network of streams drains Korup region into three major river systems: a) the Korup and Akpassang Rivers, b) the Ndian River, and c) Bake-Munaya River. Many of the smaller streams inside the KNP are seasonally dry during the peak of the dry season.
Human presence
There are currently five villages located inside KNP with a total population in 1999 of approximately 900 people (Erat: 447, Esukutan: 202, Ikenge: 179, Bareka-Batanga: 52, and Bera: 26). In 2000, the Korup village of Ikondokondo (Ekundukundu?) was resettled outside the park as part of a currently suspended plan to resettle all villages. There are 23 additional villages within 3 km from the KNP boundary, an area often referred to as KNP's Peripheral Zone (PZ). The combined population of KNP and PZ villages is approximately 2,700 with a population density of approximately 2 persons/km2. The main livelihood activities in the rural areas are subsistence and cash-crop farming (oil palms, cocoa), fishing, hunting and, to some extent, trading.
Biodiversity
Flora
The forests of Korup appear to be ancient and rich in paleoendemics, having survived the dry period of Pleistocene area as part of the Cross River-Mayombe Refugium. Vegetation was classified by Letouzey as primarily Biafran coastal forest dominated by Caesalpinioideae trees, a Leguminosae subfamily. There is no evidence of any major historical human disturbance and at least the south part of the park is likely primary forest. Floristically, Korup is very rich with over 1,100 tree, shrub, herb and liana species described to date and high levels of endemism (30%). Large emergent trees, reaching up to 50 m tall, puncture a mostly continuous but uneven canopy layer of predominantly Annonaceae, Euphorbiaceae, Leguminosae, Olacaceae, Scytopetalaceae and Verbenaceae trees at about 15 to 25 m. The understory layer is quite dense with both lianas and small trees (dominated by Rubiaceae species), while the herbaceous layer (mainly Acanthaceae, Araceae, Commelinaceae, Graminae, Marantaceae, Rubiaceae, and Zingiberaceae) is mostly sparse. Plant ecological processes in Korup are strongly seasonal with flowering typically occurring between January and July (peak March–May), followed by peak fruiting season. The degree of flowering and fruiting varies considerably between years for most species. Mast fruiting occurs in intervals of more than a year.
Fauna
Korup National Park is reputedly one of the richest lowland African forests in terms of faunal richness and diversity, especially for birds, reptiles, amphibians and butterflies. The species list of mammals consists of 161 species in 33 families, of which the primate community accounts for 14 species (8 diurnal and 6 nocturnal).
Tourist infrastructure
Korup National Park is one of the most accessible rainforest protected areas in Cameroon. Day hikes or multiple day trips can be organized from the town of Mundemba, by visiting the tourist informational office located at the center of the town. Entrance in the park is only permitted with a local guide. There are fixed day, overnight, camping and guide/porter fees. There are three camp sites open to tourists, where visitors can arrange stay either at a tent (bring your own) or at one of the lodges (with basic wooden beds – windows have simple screening). Each camp site is located near a stream which serves as source of cooking water (boil or filter to drink) and for refreshing baths. There are basic pit toilets.
Role of Civil Society (NGOs)
The Korup Rainforest Conservation Society (K.R.C.S)is an active conservation advocacy and participatory forest management oriented group in the area. The group is made of mostly local pro-conservation minded persons and some honorary members (from different parts of the world) who are committed to contributing their expertise in ensuring the integrity of the tropical rain forest through need-based problem-solving research as well as increasing participation of locals in conservation activities in a bid to reduce conflicts and improve local livelihoods. Since 2009 KRCS has been very instrumental in assisting visiting researchers with guidance, research permits applications, finding experienced local field assistants as well as elaborating village development and land-use planning, ensuring the recruitment of several locals in different capacities in park activities and playing an active role in environmental education and advocacy for conservation and especially against conversion of neighboring biodiversity rich forest into palm plantation together with international organisation such as Pro-wildlife and WWF-CPO. Recently the activities of KRCS have been boosted by the 2012 Conservation Leadership programme (CLP)Awards; a partnership between CI, FFI, WSC and BirdLife International.
Trivia
The Film Greystoke - The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes starring Christopher Lambert and Andie MacDowell was shot in the park in 1984 before its establishment.
Charles, Prince of Wales inaugurated the park in 1986, and there is a sign not far from the entrance over Mana bridge that marks the point where he reached during his brief visit.
Mana Bridge, which serves as the gateway to Korup National Park, was built by a group of international volunteers on an Operation Raleigh expedition in 1989. The group of more than 100 volunteers spent 3 months in Cameroon building the bridge as well as undertaking wildlife surveys in the forest and adventures by canoe in the Rumpi Hills.
See also
References
External links
National parks of Cameroon
Protected areas established in 1986
1986 establishments in Cameroon
Rainforests of Africa
Cameroonian Highlands forests
Islamic Relief USA (IRUSA), based in Alexandria, Virginia, is a non-profit 501(c)(3) humanitarian agency and member of the Islamic Relief Worldwide group of organizations. IRUSA was founded in California in 1993. In addition to international relief and development initiatives, Islamic Relief USA also sponsors and funds domestic projects ranging from emergency disaster responses to assisting the American homeless population and supporting those who cannot afford basic healthcare.
Activities
IRUSA projects inside the United States include the annual Day of Dignity, when volunteers distribute food, medical care, hygiene kits, blankets, clothing and more to homeless and low-income people across the U.S.
In 2005, IRUSA aided the victims of Hurricane Katrina by providing over $2 million in assistance and sending field workers to distribute aid and assess the needs of the victims. Partnering with IRUSA for the 2006 Yogyakarta earthquake that struck Indonesia, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints donated $1.6 million worth of emergency supplies. Islamic Relief USA and Equal Exchange launched The Islamic Relief USA Fair Trade Project in October 2009.
After Hurricane Sandy in 2012, IRUSA staff and volunteers worked at shelters in New Jersey to house displaced residents. In 2014, IRUSA's disaster response team assisted Alabama residents affected by tornadoes. In 2015, IRUSA gave $50,000 to assist Detroit residents whose water had been turned off due to difficulty paying their bills. Recent international emergency projects include assisting displaced Syrians in Syria and neighboring countries, and assisting refugees arriving in Greece in 2015. In 2016, IRUSA's Disaster Response Team responded to emergencies in the United States including the Flint water crisis, Louisiana flooding, and Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina. In 2017, IRUSA assisted in disasters including Hurricane Harvey and the Las Vegas shooting and continued assisting Hurricane Matthew survivors by repairing homes. In 2018, IRUSA announced a partnership with U.S.-based Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society (HIAS) to provide humanitarian aid to refugees in Greece.
Recent non-emergency projects IRUSA have implemented or supported in the U.S. include after-school meal programs, a prison re-entry program, food aid on American Indian reservations, and assistance for victims of domestic violence. In 2016, IRUSA supported a United Way program assisting homeless families with children in Roanoke, VA. In 2017, IRUSA provided food for schoolchildren during the summer in eight cities nationwide in partnership with the USDA. IRUSA provides food, clothes, blankets and other items along with health-care services on its annual Day of Dignity events across the country and distributes food and toiletries to homeless and low-income Americans on Martin Luther King Jr. Day. In 2019, Islamic relief supported flood affected communities in the Bahamas, Mali, Sudan, India, and Niger. In 2020, IRUSA responded the COVID-19 crises by assisting more than 5 million beneficiaries domestically and internationally.
Awards
In 2019, IRUSA was named a Top-Rated Nonprofit by Great Nonprofits and was awarded four out of four stars by Charity Navigator.
References
External links
Islamic relief organizations
Merci Docteur Rey is a 2002 comedy film directed and written by Andrew Litvack. The film stars Dianne Wiest, Jane Birkin, Simon Callow, Jerry Hall, Vanessa Redgrave, Bulle Ogier, and Stanislas Merhar. It is produced by Ismail Merchant and his company Merchant Ivory Productions.
Synopsis
Thomas Beaumont is young man recruited into an illicit love triangle to watch a much older man's sexual liaison, but ends up witnessing what turns out to be the older man's murder. The next day his opera diva mother, Elisabeth Beaumont, informs him that his estranged father has been in Paris... until the previous night when he was murdered.
Seeking help with infamous psychiatrist Docteur Rey, the young man comes across Pénélope, an eccentric actress who has come totally unhinged by the death of Rey. At first mistaking her for the doctor, the young man embarks on a madcap mystery, reminiscent of an Agatha Christie novel, with Paris as the backdrop.
Cast
Critical reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, with 22 reviews, the film has a rare approval rating of 0%meaning no favorable reviews whatsoeverreceiving an average rating of 3.20/10. The site's consensus is: "This overly wacky farce strains for sophistication but lacks polish and a coherent narrative."
References
External links
Official Film Site
2002 films
Merchant Ivory Productions films
2002 comedy films
French LGBT-related films
2002 LGBT-related films
LGBT-related comedy films
2000s French films
Secrets of the Super Psychics was a Channel 4 documentary special in the UK, first shown in the Equinox strand in 1997, later reformatted as a shorter The Learning Channel episode in 1998: "Viewers eager to know more about the differences between science and claptrap should tune in".
The 90-minute film, made by Open Media, was first shown in the UK under the title Secrets of the Psychics.
The Times said the documentary "...cast an enjoyably sceptical eye over 150 years of the paranormal". David Aaronovitch described it in The Independent on Sunday as
a programme which showed two things very clearly. First that there are – and have always been – some extremely clever and ruthless illusionists out there. And – second – that there is an exceptional desire to believe that what these hoaxers tell us is actually true.
Simon Hoggart wrote in The Spectator that this was
the first show ever to take on the notoriously litigious Uri Geller. They showed how all his parlour tricks could be easily duplicated by jobbing magicians without any help from paranormal powers.
In 1998 the Broadcasting Standards Commission in the United Kingdom rejected a complaint made by Uri Geller, saying that it "wasn't unfair to have magicians showing how they duplicate those 'psychic feats'." The full text of the BSC adjudication is available on the internet at the Open Media website.
References
External links
From the University of Edinburgh Psychology Video Library: dates of transmission and programme description
– about Uri Geller
Channel 4 original programming
Documentary films about the paranormal
Equinox (TV series)
Faith healers
Scientific skepticism mass media
1997 television specials
Proleptus is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Physalopteridae.
The genus has almost cosmopolitan distribution.
Species:
Proleptus acutus
Proleptus anabantis
Proleptus australis
Proleptus carvajali
Proleptus coronatus
Proleptus elegans
Proleptus gordioides
Proleptus inflatus
Proleptus mackenziei
Proleptus malayi
Proleptus minutus
Proleptus niedmanni
Proleptus obtusus
Proleptus problematicus
Proleptus rajae
Proleptus robustus
Proleptus soridus
Proleptus tortus
Proleptus trygonorrhinae
References
Nematodes
Rendition: Guantanamo was a video game being developed by T-Enterprise, a software company in Scotland. It had been scheduled for release in late 2009, but was ultimately cancelled. The promotional material used the slogan, "It's time to fight back."
Company director Zarrar Chishti, quoted in Scotland's Sunday Mail said in 2009: "It's been in production for a year and two months. The player start the game with the orange boiler suit, cuffs and ear muffs.
There are certain rules we can't break after meeting politicians so we are not making the game too extreme.
We have had a lot of hate mail about this, mainly from America, saying things like, 'Don't dare put out a game that shows them killing our soldiers.'
But no US or British soldiers get killed in it. The only ones being killed are mercenaries. We have set it in January 2010 because that's when we think the camp will be closed.
We are making a statement. We did not want Guantanamo to be forgotten."
Cancellation
The game was cancelled citing "inaccurate" details posted on various websites detailing about the game and the "extreme reaction that the game and its popular misconceptions have provoked." Zarrar Chishti, the director at T-Enterprise, wrote an official statement on June 3 regarding the cancellation of Rendition: Guantanamo on the game's official website, which previously showed the teaser trailer for the game. He claims that the main character was not going to be Moazzam Begg, an actual detainee of Guantanamo, but was instead going to be a man named Adam. He also states no American or British soldiers would be killed, but instead the institution would be run by mercenaries.
Chishti states "T-Enterprise is against all forms of terrorism and would never seek to advocate otherwise. Furthermore, Guantanamo was to be a mercenary run institution and so there would have been NO American military personnel killed within the game. Again, we support the British and American troops that fight the war against terrorism to make the world a safer place and would not make a game that said otherwise."
The game company was also claimed to be working with Al-Qaeda, which Chishti repudiates saying, "Having clarified our position on terrorism, I would now like to refute all suggestions that the game was in any way linked to Al Qaeda. T-Enterprise has never had and would never have a link to Al Qaeda in any way, shape or form."
See also
Special Force
America's Army
Under Ash
Rendition (text adventure game)
References
External links
Official Game Website
T-Enterprise (Developer)
Guantanamo the Xbox game, Telegraph (newspaper)
Guantanamo Bay: Xbox game on the way
Escapee button: Rendition Guantanamo, Rock, Paper, Shotgun
Former detainee consultant upcoming Guantanamo game, GamePolitics
Former Guantanamo prisoner lends experiences to new game, Yahoo! Games
Cancelled Windows games
Cancelled Xbox 360 games
Propaganda video games
Video game controversies
Winifred Horrabin, née Batho (1887–1971), was a British socialist activist and journalist.
She was born in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire, on 9 August 1887, daughter of Arthur John Batho, a postal telegraph clerk, and his wife Lilian, née Outram. She was the fourth of six children, three of whom died in infancy. The family were members of The Wicker Congregational Church. Her father died in May 1891, in Graaff-Reinet, South Africa, where he was seeking treatment for his tuberculosis.
Winifred began attending the Sheffield School of Art in 1907, where she met her future husband, the political activist, cartographer and cartoonist Frank Horrabin. She had a political awakening while a student, influenced by the South African socialist and feminist Olive Schreiner. She joined the Women's Social and Political Union, a militant group campaigning for women's suffrage led by Emmeline Pankhurst, and in 1909 disrupted a speech by Winston Churchill with the suffragette cry "Votes for women!"
She and Horrabin married on 11 August 1911, and they moved to London the same year. In 1912 she delivered a paper, "Is Woman's Place the Home?", to the Fabian Society, arguing that the liberation of women from economic slavery depended on the destruction of private property. She and her husband were involved in the Central Labour College, and in 1913 Winifred set up a Women's League to focus on the education of female workers. In 1915, inspired by the art of William Morris, she became a guild socialist. She was a honorary secretary of The Plebs' League, and contributed to The Plebs, the League's journal, which her husband edited. She became a founder member of the Communist Party of Great Britain in 1920. She and her husband collaborated on a book, Working Class Education, published in 1924.
In 1926 she travelled to the Soviet Union, where she met N. K. Krupskaya and visited Lenin's tomb. Her trip appears to have been organised by the Soviet Society for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries. She also visited Poland and witnessed a mass trial of political dissidents.
In 1932 her brother Harold died from wounds sustained in the First World War, and she made an anti-war speech to the National Conference of Labour Women, arguing that the working classes should reject employment in munitions factories, even if it meant starvation. The Horrabins were involved in setting up the Socialist League, a left-wing faction within the Labour Party led by Stafford Cripps, in 1932, and it was Winifred who named it, after the original Socialist League, founded by William Morris. It took anti-war, anti-fascist and pro-nationalisation positions, but only lasted until 1937, when the Labour Party declared that membership was incompatible with membership of the Party. She began reviewing books and films for Tribune in 1937, continuing to do so until 1948. She also wrote for the political magazine Time and Tide and had a weekly column in the Manchester Evening News from 1944 under the pseudonym Freda Wynne.
In 1938 her mother died, and she was diagnosed with an ovarian cyst, undergoing a hysterectomy the following year. Her husband, who had been having a long-term affair with his secretary, Margaret McWilliams, asked for a separation in 1942 and they divorced in 1947. In her later years she compiled a collection of autobiographical essays, The Summer of a Dormouse, and wrote a novel, After Which War?, but did not publish them. Other unpublished works included a play, Victorian Love Story: Beloved Good, about Thomas Carlyle and his wife Jane, and a biography of Olive Schreiner. She died at her home in Dorking, Surrey, on 24 June 1971, and was cremated at Randall's Park crematorium, Leatherhead, on 30 June. Her papers are held by the University of Hull.
See also
List of suffragists and suffragettes
References
Further reading
Bor, M., The Socialist League in the 1930s (London, 2005)
Gibson, I., 'Marxism and Ethical Socialism in Britain: the case of Winifred and Frank Horrabin' (BA Thesis, University of Oxford, 2008)
McIlroy, J., ‘Independent Working Class Education and Trade Union Education and Training' in Roger Fieldhouse (ed.), A History of Modern British Adult Education (Leicester, 1996), ch.10
Macintyre, S., A Proletarian Science: Marxism in Britain 1917-33 (Cambridge, 1980)
Millar, J.P.M.M., The Labour College Movement (London, 1979)
Phillips, A. and Putnam, T., ‘Education for Emancipation: The Movement for Independent Working-Class Education 1908-1928', Capital and Class, 10 (1980), pp. 18–42
Rée, J., Proletarian Philosophers: Problems in Socialist Culture in Britain, 1900-1940 (Oxford, 1984)
Samuel, R., "British Marxist Historians, 1880-1980: Part One", NLR, 120 (1980), pp. 21–96
Samuel, R., The Lost World of British Communism (London, 2006)
Simon, B., `The Struggle for Hegemony, 1920- 1926' in idem (ed.), The Search for Enlightenment: The Working Class and Adult Education in the Twentieth Century, (London, 1990), pp. 15–70
1887 births
1971 deaths
Politicians from Sheffield
British suffragists
British socialists
20th-century British journalists
The 1978 Ealing Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Ealing London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
Cochleoceps bicolor, the western cleaner clingfish, is a species of clingfish from the family Gobiesocidae which is endemic to southern Australia. This species has a ground colouration which varies from yellowish to reddish marked with regular transverse blue bands along its back and a bluish-grey caudal fin. This species occurs on rocky reefs and jetty or pier piles, where they establish cleaning stations, often over sponges and ascidians, but are known to use a wide variety of reef related sites as stations, perhaps the most important criterion being the prominent visibility of a site to passing parasite laden clients .A station may have from one to multiple Western Cleaner Clingfish, depending on the demand for services and other factors. Some divers have observed shared stations, where several other known temperate marine cleaner host species-notably juvenile moonlighter fish (Tilodon sexfasciatus) and rockpool shrimp (Palaemon serenus) - behave in cooperative fashion, possibly when client demand peaks, tide and season depending. They are thought to feed on parasites which they clean off larger fish. The distribution of this species extends from Lancelin, Western Australia to Port Phillip in Victoria. C. bicolor was described in 1991 by Barry Hutchins from a type locality of Flinders Island.
References
Fish described in 1991
bicolor
Susan Avingaq is an Inuk Canadian film director, producer, screenwriter, and actress. A founding partner in Arnait Video Productions, a women's filmmaking collective based in Igloolik, Nunavut, she is most noted for her work on the film Before Tomorrow (Le jour avant le lendemain), for which she received Genie Award nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Art Direction/Production Design and Best Original Song ("Pamani") at the 30th Genie Awards in 2010.
She was also credited as a producer of the films Uvanga and Tia and Piujuq, a costume designer for The Journals of Knud Rasmussen and Searchers, an art director on Uvanga and Searchers, and co-director of the documentary films Anaana and Sol.
She has published two children's books, Fishing with Grandma (2015) and The Pencil (2018), in collaboration with Maren Vsetula and illustrator Charlene Chua, and has performed as a storyteller on the children's television series Anaana's Tent and in Laakkuluk Williamson Bathory's theatrical show Kiviuq Returns.
References
External links
21st-century Canadian screenwriters
21st-century Canadian women writers
Canadian documentary film directors
Canadian documentary film producers
Canadian women film directors
Canadian women film producers
Canadian women screenwriters
Canadian children's writers
Canadian costume designers
Canadian production designers
Canadian women songwriters
Canadian storytellers
Women storytellers
Inuit filmmakers
Inuit musicians
Inuit writers
Inuit women
Indigenous fashion designers of the Americas
Artists from Nunavut
Film directors from Nunavut
Writers from Nunavut
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women fashion designers
Cameraria shenaniganensis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 3.1-4.2 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus chrysolepis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is irregular and oblong to quadrate. The epidermis is opaque, yellow green. All mines cross the midrib and consume 50%-90% of the leaf surface. The mines are solitary and have two parallel folds.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the type-locality (Shenanigan Flat) and the Latin suffix -ensis (denoting place, locality)
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1981
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Fauna of California
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Josef Monsrud (29 May 1922, in Lunner, Oppland – 12 December 2009) was a Norwegian forester and resistance member during World War II.
He hailed from Harestua in Lunner. At the age of twenty he joined the resistance Osvald Group. He went through some initial training and performed sabotage missions in Hadeland before being hired as a guard in the Communist Party of Norway. The party was strictly illegal, and had a secret base in Hemsedal. On 30 October 1942 the guard hut was attacked by German soldiers and Monsrud and fellow resistance fighter Finn Eriksen were captured. Monsrud was incarcerated at Grini from 2 to 24 November, then at Møllergata 19 until February 1943. He went through torture, but survived. Finn Eriksen, who had suffered a gunshot wound, died of the trauma three months later.
The Osvald Group later split with the Communist Party, and Monsrud joined Milorg, working for the Secret Intelligence Service with the illegal radio transmitter Gullfaks. Named after Gullfaxi of Norse mythology, Gullfaks was operated from different places in Bærumsmarka and Nordmarka until the liberation of 8 May 1945. For his efforts the mountain Monsrudnabben in the Heimefrontfjella range in Antarctica was named in his honour.
After the war Monsrud took forester's education at Kongsberg. In 1949 he started working as a forester for Oslo municipality. He was eventually promoted to municipal consultant for wild game. He lived in Maridalen.
He struggled throughout his life with nightmares caused by war and torture, and died in December 2009.
References
1922 births
2009 deaths
People from Lunner
Norwegian foresters
Norwegian resistance members
Osvald Group
Norwegian torture victims
Grini concentration camp survivors
Miss All-American Beauty is a 1982 American television film directed by Gus Trikonis and starring Diane Lane.
Plot summary
After winning a beauty contest in Texas, a teen-aged girl is unprepared for the demands of travel, press conferences and interviews that go with winning the title and participating in a national beauty pageant.
Cast
Diane Lane as Sally Butterfield
Cloris Leachman as Agatha Blaine
David Dukes as Avery McPherson
Jayne Meadows as Gertrude Hunnicutt
Alice Hirson as Marjorie Butterfield
Brian Kerwin as Michael Carrington
Norman Bennett as George Butterfield
Jim Mills as Buzz Butterfield
Bobby Fite as Petey Butterfield
Jane Roberts as Dottie Blaine
External links
1982 films
1982 drama films
Films about beauty pageants
Films set in Texas
American drama television films
Films directed by Gus Trikonis
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Pori Bears is a Finnish american football club based in Pori, Finland. The team was established in 1982 and it plays in the second tier league of american football in Finland.
History
Bears have competed in the top-tier league of Finland, Vaahteraliiga, three times (1982, 1987–88, 2003–2004)
Honours
1st Division
Spagettimalja champion (2): 1986, 2002
References
American football in Finland
KMD may refer to:
KMD, Kausing Much Damage
KMD Brands, New Zealand based retailer
KMD (company), formerly Kommunedata
Kirchenmusikdirektor, abbreviated in German to the title KMD, director of church music
Mohamed Sid Ali Djouadi (born 13 December 1951) represented Algeria in the 800 m at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games he finished 5th in his heat and failed to advance. He later went on to win gold medals at the 1973 Maghreb Athletics Championships and the 1975 Maghreb Athletics Championships.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Algeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Algeria
Algerian male middle-distance runners
African Games bronze medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1973 All-Africa Games
Universiade bronze medalists for Algeria
Medalists at the 1975 Summer Universiade
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
The 1945 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the second season of Jordan League. Al-Faisaly won its second title.
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
1945–46 in Asian association football leagues
1944–45 in Asian association football leagues
1945 in Transjordan
James Benjamin (born 21 February 1994) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for the Dragons regional team as a hooker. He is a Wales under-20 and Wales 7s international. Benjamin made his debut for the Dragons in 2013 having previously played for the Dragons academy Cross Keys RFC and Bedwas RFC.
References
External links
Dragons profile
Rugby union players from Newport, Wales
Welsh rugby union players
Dragons RFC players
Bedwas RFC players
Cross Keys RFC players
Living people
1994 births
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
Cornish Pirates players
Hard to Hold is the eighth studio album by Rick Springfield released on July 23, 1984, by RCA Records as the soundtrack to the film of the same name. The album includes three U.S. Top 40 hits, "Don't Walk Away", "Bop 'Til You Drop", and the top five hit "Love Somebody", with the duet with Randy Crawford, "Taxi Dancing" as a minor hit. The album was later remastered by Steve Hoffman for the Razor and Tie reissue label. In addition to Springfield appearing on the soundtrack, there are two tracks that were exclusive to the CD, "When the Lights Go Down" by Graham Parker (which eventually ended up on the Parker rarities CD "The Art Van DeLay Collection") and Nona Hendryx's "Heart of a Woman". Peter Gabriel also appears on the CD performing "I Go Swimming" featured on his live album "Plays Live" from 1983.
Reception
From contemporary reviews, Ken Tucker of The Philadelphia Inquirer gave the album three out of five-star rating, noting that "Love Somebody" was Springfrield's "best pop-rocker since "Jessie's Girl" and the filler songs on the album include good songs by Graham Parker and Peter Gabriel. Tucker concluded that the album was "one of the few soundtrack albums that doesn't cheat its listeners."
Cash Box said that the second single "Don't Walk Away" has "a more heavy metal tinge...than on 'Love Somebody' and Springfield's hard rock sensibilities come into full flower with a high-energy sound that gives this tune a forceful momentum."
Cash Box called the third single "Bob 'Til You Drop" "an urban mover for the '80s."
Track listing
Personnel
Producers: Rick Springfield & Bill Drescher
Engineer: Bill Drescher
Second Engineers: Eddie Delena, Rick Polakow
Executive Producer: D. Constantine Conte
Mastered by Greg Fulginiti at Artisan Sound Recorders, Hollywood
CD Mastered by Steve Hoffman
Recorded by [Pre-production Assistance]: Jeff Silverman
Brett Tuggle, Richard Page, Rick Springfield, Tom Kelly - backing vocals
Mike Seifrit, Reggie McBride - bass
Mike Baird - drums
Jeff Silverman, Rick Springfield, Tim Pierce - guitar
Alan Pasqua, John Philip Shenale, Mitchell Froom, Rick Springfield - keyboards
Michael Fisher - acoustic percussion
Reek Havoc, Rick Springfield - electronic percussion
Joel Peskin - saxophone, electric woodwind
Charts
Certifications
References
Rick Springfield albums
1984 soundtrack albums
Film soundtracks
RCA Records soundtracks
Kwale is a small town in and the capital of Kwale County, Kenya. It is located at around ; 30 km southwest of Mombasa and 15 km inland. The town has an urban population of 10,063 (2019 census). It is next to the Shimba Hills National Reserve.
The colourful town of Μombasa can be seen from Golini due to its high altitude.
Past Kwale is The Shimba Hills Hotel and Mwalughanje Elephant Sanctuary running along the KWS (Kenya Wildlife Service) strip.
Kwale is the main town of the Digo and Duruma people. These people belong to the Mijikenda ethnic group of the former Coast Province of Kenya. Other tribes found in the county include the Kambas, Arabs, Indians and other minority tribes like the Makonde, Vumba (Zimba), Degere & Segeju, though most of them have been assimilated by either the Digo or Duruma.
The area extends from Shika Adabu in the south, to Kinango and then southwards to Lunga-Lunga on the border with Tanzania.
Politics
The governor for Kwale County is Salim Mgalla Mvuyra who ran on an ODM ticket in the 2013 general elections and on a Jubilee ticket in 2017. His rivals in the 2013 race were Mwarapayo wa-Mwachai, Rigga Kassim Mambo, Simeon Mkalla, Michael Nyanje and James Dena. The senator for the county is Issa Boy Juma, son of the former MP of Matuga Constituency the late Boy Juma. The late Juma Boy was the first Senator for the County in 2013. His opponents were immediate former MP of Matuga Constituency Chirau Ali Mkwakwere and Nicholas Zani. The Women's Representative is Zuleikha Hassan Juma who succeeded the first Woman Representative Zeinab Kalekye Chidzuga who, who like Governor Mvurya, ran on an ODM ticket in 2013. She ran against Fatuma Masito and Mwanasaid Makoti. 2013 was the first time that the people of Kenya have had to vote for a governor, senator and women's representative.
Since independence in 1963, Kwale has had 4 members of parliament. Juma Boy was a well-known trade union activist. He was the first to hold the seat. Upon his death, he was succeeded by his son, The late Boy Juma Boy, who served for three 5-year terms. He was ousted by Suleiman Kamole in the 1997 general elections. Kamole served for one term before being ousted by Chirau Ali Mwakwere in the 2002 general elections. Mwakwere served for 2 consecutive terms. He unsuccessfully ran for the senatorial seat in 2013.
Kwale County has 4 constituencies namely Matuga, Kinango, Msambweni and Lunga Lunga. The members of parliament for these areas are Hassan Mwanyoha, Gonzi Rai, Suleiman Dori and Khatib Mwashetani respectively. Kwale County, like many other counties in the Coastal region, is a stronghold of the Ora.
Kwale is a very important town for small scale farmers from the inland areas of Golini, Kinango, Mkongani, Mwaluphamba, Tiribe and many others for the sale and transport of their produce.
Among other farm products, Kwale produces oranges, pawpaws, mangoes, bixa, coconuts, a variety of vegetables and cereals.
Notes
Populated places in Kwale County
County capitals in Kenya
Fruit Fly is a 2009 musical film with gay and Asian-American themes, directed by H.P. Mendoza, who wrote the screenplay for Colma The Musical (2007). The film, made entirely in San Francisco, premiered on March 15, 2009 at the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco. It had a limited one-week run in New York on September 24, 2010.
Plot
Fruit Fly is a musical comedy about Bethesda, a Filipina performance artist finding home in the unlikeliest places. She moves into an artist commune in an attempt to workshop her latest piece which deals with finding her biological mother. In the process, she finds an artistic family, clues of her mother's whereabouts, and the startling possibility that she just might be a fag-hag.
Subplots include her relationship with her roommates in the artist commune, and their relationships with each other.
Cast
L. A. Renigen as Bethesda
Ivan de Guzman as himself
Mike Curtis
Aaron Zaragoza
E.S. Park
Theresa Navarro
Christian Cagigal
Don Wood
Michelle Talgarow
H.P. Mendoza
Christina Augello
Awards
Best Narrative Feature - Audience Award - San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival
Best Overall Film - Fort Worth LGBT Film Festival
Rising Star Award - Philadelphia International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival
History
During the festival life of Colma: The Musical, Mendoza and actress L.A. Renigen would jump back and forth from gay film festival to Asian film festival for about a year. After experiencing the strange treatment Renigen would receive from gay men (automatically labeling her as a "fag hag"), he decided to create Bethesda, a character based on Renigen. Bethesda, like Renigen, is a performance artist who moves to San Francisco to workshop her latest performance piece dealing with finding her biological mother. Also like Renigen, Bethesda finds herself going to gay bars every night and getting labeled a "fag hag". The musical film, called "irresistible" by the San Francisco Chronicle was funded by the Center for Asian American Media and was awarded the Best Narrative Feature Audience Award at the 2009 San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival.
Screenings
San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival - Centerpiece
Outfest - Four in Focus
Frameline
Boston LGBT Film Festival - Closing Night
Silk Screen Asian American Film Festival
Seattle International Film Festival
Fort Worth LGBT Film Festival - Opening Night
Philadelphia International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival - Centerpiece
New York Asian Film Festival - Closing Night
Rhode Island International Film Festival
Vancouver Queer Film Festival
Fresno LGBT Film Festival
Savannah LGBT Film Festival
Southwest Gay and Lesbian Film Festival
Toronto Reel Asian International Film Festival
San Diego Asian Film Festival
Milwaukee LGBT Film & Video Festival
Hawaii International Film Festival
Montreal LGBT Film Festival
Chicago LGBT International Film Festival
Austin Asian American Film Festival
Rehoboth Independent Film Festival
Hong Kong LGBT Film Festival
References
External links
"Fruit Fly": H.P. Mendoza's last musical - San Francisco Chronicle
"The buzz on H.P. Mendoza's Fruit Fly" - SF360
2009 films
2000s English-language films
2000s musical comedy films
American LGBT-related films
American musical comedy films
Asian-American comedy films
Films shot in San Francisco
Filipino-American films
American independent films
LGBT culture in San Francisco
LGBT-related musical films
2009 directorial debut films
2009 comedy films
Asian-American LGBT-related films
Asian-American musical films
2009 LGBT-related films
2000s American films
Kenekou is a small town and seat of the commune of Dinandougou in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Dorcadion pantherinum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1900.
Subspecies
Dorcadion pantherinum desertum Danilevsky, 1995
Dorcadion pantherinum pantherinum Jakovlev, 1900
Dorcadion pantherinum sabulosum Danilevsky, 1995
Dorcadion pantherinum shamaevi Danilevsky, 1995
See also
Dorcadion
References
pantherinum
Beetles described in 1900
Mason Ruffner (born 1947) is an American blues and rock singer, guitarist and songwriter. He has worked with many musicians including Bob Dylan, Daniel Lanois, Robert Ealey, Memphis Slim, John Lee Hooker, Jimmy Page and Ringo Starr. From 1985 to the present, Ruffner has released six albums, including Gypsy Blood (1987) and You Can't Win (1999).
Ruffner's career has been inspired by Jimmy Reed, Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan, Lightnin' Hopkins and Howlin' Wolf. In addition, he has drawn influences from the literary work of the French poets, Comte de Lautréamont, Charles Baudelaire and Arthur Rimbaud.
Life and career
Ruffner was born in Mason, Illinois, and grew up in a strict Protestant home. He initially relocated to California at the age of 17, but returned to Texas in the 1970s inspired to play music. His early musical experiences included playing at Fort Worth's Bluebird Lounge, playing alongside Robert Ealey in his backing ensemble known as the Five Careless Lovers. Moving on again he arrived in New Orleans in the late 1970s, intending to travel across Europe. However he was enchanted by the music he heard there, particularly work by Smiley Lewis and Huey "Piano" Smith.
Ruffner formed the Blue Rockers and found regular employment at Club 544. There he backed visiting musicians such as John Lee Hooker and Memphis Slim. Spotted playing in 1985 by CBS Records' Tony Martell, Ruffner was offered a recording contract with the label. His debut album, Mason Ruffner (1985), was produced by Rick Derringer, and earned critical acclaim from both Rolling Stone and The New York Times. He went on to tour supporting Jimmy Page and, in 1987, released Gypsy Blood, which was produced by Dave Edmunds. The album reached No. 80 in the Billboard 200. The single, "Gypsy Blood" peaked at No. 11 in the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
His support work on tour at the back end of the 1980s included sharing the stage with Page again, plus later on with Crosby, Stills & Nash, U2 (The Joshua Tree Tour) and Ringo Starr.
In 1989, Ruffner played on Dylan's Oh Mercy album, and Daniel Lanois' Acadie. After this time, Ruffner bought a property in Wimberley, Texas, and largely withdrew from the music limelight for almost a decade. He then moved to Memphis, Tennessee, and performed at B.B. King's Blues Club. In 1997, Ruffner's third album, Evolution, was released in Europe but not in his homeland.
In 1999, Ruffner issued You Can't Win, which contained predominately self composed material. The album was more blues orientated, and featured a horn section for the first time on Ruffner's work.
Mason Ruffner Live and So Far were released via CD Baby in 2007 and 2008.
Credits
Ruffner's co-written "Angel Love (Come for Me)" has been performed by Carlos Santana, with whom Ruffner has made a number of live appearances. "Gypsy Blood", from Ruffner's album of the same name, was featured in the 1989 film, Steel Magnolias. Ruffner's music video for his single "Dancin' On Top Of The World", depicted him at the World Trade Center. Ruffner had a credit on Dylan's album, The Bootleg Series Volumes 1–3 (Rare & Unreleased) 1961–1991. In 1984, Ruffner performed at the San Francisco Blues Festival and, in 1998, performed at the Notodden Blues Festival. He also appeared at the Sweden Rock Festival in 2011.
Accolade and quotation
In Bob Dylan's memoir, Chronicles: Volume One (2004), Dylan noted "Ruffner played in Bourbon Street clubs like the Old Absinthe Bar. He was a regional star, had a high pompadour, a gold tooth smile with a tiny guitar inlaid. He had a few records out and some explosive licks with funky edges, rockabilly tremolo-influenced, wrote songs, too, said that he'd hung around libraries reading Rimbaud and Baudelaire to get his language down. He also told me that as a teenager he had played with Memphis Slim. I thought I had something in common with him there. I'd played with Big Joe Williams when I was coming up. Mason had some fine songs. One of them had the line, "You do good things for people and it just makes them bad." I would have thought about recording it if I didn't have my own originals."
Quoted in The Dallas Morning News in 1986, Ruffner noted "You buy some dark sunglasses. Standing up front is a lot different to standing on the side, man. Believe me, there's a big difference".
Discography
Solo albums
References
External links
Official website
1953 births
Living people
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
21st-century American singers
American blues singers
American rock singers
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
American rock guitarists
Songwriters from Texas
People from Fort Worth, Texas
Singers from Texas
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Texas
People from Wimberley, Texas
American male songwriters
"Das Altbierlied" (The Altbier song) is a schlager drinking song originally by Hans Ludwig Lonsdorfer.
Die Toten Hosen cover
"Das Altbierlied" was covered by Die Toten Hosen for the album Damenwahl, from which it was released as the only single.
Track listing
"Das Altbierlied" (Lonsdorfer) − 3:15
"Übung macht den Meister" (Practice makes perfect) (von Holst/Frege) – 1:59
"Bis zum bitteren Ende" (Till to the bitter end) (Frege/Frege)
1986 singles
Die Toten Hosen songs
Carnival songs
German-language songs
Year of song missing
APEKSI, the Asosiasi Pemerintah Kota Seluruh Indonesia or Association of the Indonesia Municipalities (AIM). Established on 25 May 2000. In accordance with Act No. 22 Year 1999 on Local Government and Presidential Decree No. 49 Year 2000 on the Establishment of Dewan Pertimbangan Otonomi Daerah (DPOD) or Regional Autonomy Advisory Council, Ministry of Home Affairs and Regional Autonomy issued Decree No. 16 Year 2000 on the Establishment of Local Government Association and Elections of Deputy Local Government Association as Members DPOD. The decision of Ministry of Home Affairs and Regional Autonomy No. 16 Year 2000 is structured to develop the City Government Association, Regency Government Association and Provincial Government Association is truly independent and will be represented in DPOD.
History
In line with the new policy on regional autonomy, members of Badan Kerja Sama Antar Kota Seluruh Indonesia (BKS-AKSI) or Indonesia Inter City Cooperation Agency, at that time under the Jakarta provincial government held a National Meeting/Summit of Mayors all over Indonesia in Jakarta, on May 24, 2000 and agreed to dissolve the BKS-AKSI.
On May 25, 2000, the National Meeting of Mayors all over Indonesia in Jakarta formed a "Working Committee of the Mayor" to consider and make recommendations on the establishment of the "Association of the cities" which eventually was named the Asosiasi Pemerintah Kota Seluruh Indoensia (Apeksi) or Association of Indonesia Municipalities (AIM). Apeksi is a container that is formed by the City Government which aims to help its members to expedite the implementation of regional autonomy and create a climate that is conducive to cooperation among the regional governments. In addition to the above objectives, Apeksi also aims to promote the interests of members of the Dewan Pertimbangan Otonomi Daerah (DOPD) or Regional Autonomy Advisory Council immortalized in order to accelerate the increase in the welfare of society through democracy, participation, justice, and equality that takes into account the potential and diversity of the regions. This committee held a formal meeting on 13–14 June 2000 and the proposal submitted at a meeting of the mayors who have been held in late June 2000.
Musyawarah Nasional (Munas) or National Assembly I Apeksi, on 22–23 June 2000 in Surabaya City, finalize and approve the Statutes and Bylaws Apeksi. Board and Executive Director was selected. Mayor of Surabaya H. Sunarto Sumoprawiro elected as Chairman of the Board and a representative of Local Government Association who sits on DPOD. National Assembly also agreed on several things, including the amounts of fees and Apeksi Work Program 2000-2004.
Along with the passage of time, Apeksi undergone several changes, among them the number of member cities and stewardship. Currently Apeksi consists of 98 municipalities. In addition, through the Munas II in Surabaya City set Mayor of Tarakan, dr. H. Jusuf Serang Kasim as Chairperson of the Board of Apeksi 2004-2008. Then Apeksi Munas III on 22–24 July 2008 in Surakarta City has decided the formation of Composition of Board of Apeksi period 2008-2012. Chairperson of the Board of Apeksi the 2008-2012 period held by the Mayor of Palembang, Ir. H. Eddy Santana Putra, MT. Furthermore, Munas IV on May 30 - June 2, 2012 in Manado City confirmed Mayor of Manado, Dr. Ir. G.S. Vicky Lumentut, SH., MSi., DEA as Chairperson of the Board of APEKSI the period 2012-2016. Apeksi Munas V 26–28 July 2016 in the Jambi City solidified Mayor of South Tangerang Hj. Airin Rachmi Diany, SH., MH. as Chairperson of the Board APEKSI period 2016-2020. In Apeksi Munas VI 11 Februari 2021 in Jakarta solidified Mayor of Bogor Dr. H. Bima Arya Sugiarto as Chairperson of the Board APEKSI period 2021-2024, inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs, Police General (Ret.) Prof. Drs. H. Muhammad Tito Karnavian, M.A., Ph.D.
Since inception in 2000, Apeksi has taken a major role in helping the city members. Cities now have the opportunity to initiate the formation of the Association at the national level that is truly democratic autonomy. Apeksi organization of early designed to meet the needs of that actually required the cities (members). In order to assist this purpose, organizational forms and ideas about the role and scope of activities that may be carried Apeksi can also be arranged by the Local Government Association experience already established and proven success at international level.
Chairpersons of Apeksi
Supervisory and Board Period of 2021-2024
Supervisory:
Chairperson: Dr. H. Syarif Fasha, M.E./Mayor of Jambi
Member: Dr. H. Taufan Pawe, S.H., M.H./Mayor of Parepare
Member: Arief Rachadiono Wismansyah, B.Sc., M.Kes./Mayor of Tangerang
Board:
Chariperson: Dr. H. Bima Arya Sugiarto/Mayor of Bogor
Deputy of Government and Autonomy: Dr. H. Marten Taha, S.E., M.Ec Dev/Mayor of Gorontalo
Deputy of Development: H. Aminullah Usman, S.E.Ak., M.M./Mayor of Banda Aceh
Deputy of Cooperation: Dr. H. Hendrar Prihadi, S.E., M.M./Mayor of Semarang
Deputy of Social Welfare and Urban: H. Ibnu Sina, S.Pi, M.Si./Mayor of Banjarmasin
Deputy of Economy and Finance: Abdullah Abu Bakar, S.E./Mayor of Kediri
Deputy of information, Advocacy and Law: Dr. H. Maulan Aklil, S.Ip, M.Si./Mayor of Pangkalpinang
Secretary of Board: Alwis Rustam, M.Int.Dev./Executive Director
Treasurer of Board: dra. Hj. Dewanti Rumpoko, M.Si./Mayor of Batu
Chairperson of Regional Commissariat I-VI
APEKSI Membership is divided into 6 regional commissariats based on geographical location in Indonesia and each has a board led by the chairperson.
Regional Commissariat I: M. Bobby Afif Nasution, S.E., M.M./Mayor of Medan
Regional Commissariat II: Drs. H. SN. Prana Putra Sohe, M.M./Mayor of Lubuklinggau
Regional Commissariat III: H. Dedy Yon Supriyono, S.E., M.M./Mayor of Tegal
Regional Commissariat IV: Dr. Jefirstson R. Riwu Kore, S.E., M.M./Mayor of Kupang
Regional Commissariat V: dr. H. Khairul, M.Kes./Mayor of Tarakan
Regional Commissariat VI: Capt. H. Ali Ibrahim, M.H./Mayor of Tidore Kepulauan
Program
Sustainable Development
Regional Cooperation
Capacity Building
Policy Advocacy
Institutional and Partnership
Communication and Information
Administration and Finance
Members
98 Cities in Indonesia with 93 autonomy cities and 5 administrative cities in Province of Jakarta, members of Apeksi:
Ambon
Balikpapan
Banda Aceh
Bandar Lampung
Bandung
Banjar
Banjarbaru
Banjarmasin
Batam
Batu
Baubau
Bekasi
Bengkulu
Bima
Binjai
Bitung
Blitar
Bogor
Bontang
Bukittinggi
Cilegon
Cimahi
Cirebon
Denpasar
Depok
Dumai
Gorontalo
Gunungsitoli
North Jakarta
West Jakarta
Central Jakarta
East Jakarta
South Jakarta
Jambi
Jayapura
Kediri
Kendari
Kotamobagu
Kupang
Langsa
Lhokseumawe
Lubuklinggau
Madiun
Magelang
Makassar
Malang
Manado
Mataram
Medan
Metro
Mojokerto
Padang
Padang Panjang
Padangsidempuan
Pagar Alam
Palangka Raya
Palembang
Palopo
Palu
Pangkal Pinang
Parepare
Pariaman
Pasuruan
Payakumbuh
Pekalongan
Pekanbaru
Pematangsiantar
Pontianak
Prabumulih
Probolinggo
Sabang
Salatiga
Samarinda
Sawahlunto
Semarang
Serang
Sibolga
Singkawang
Solok
Sorong
South Tangerang
Subulussalam
Sukabumi
Sungai Penuh
Surabaya
Surakarta
Tangerang
Tanjungbalai
Tanjung Pinang
Tarakan
Tasikmalaya
Tebing Tinggi
Tegal
Ternate
Tidore
Tomohon
Tual
Yogyakarta
External links
Reference
APEKSI Vision and Mission
APEKSI Structure of Organisation
Government agencies of Indonesia
Local government in Indonesia
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1988 season.
Overview
Flying Camel won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1983
1
Taipei
Taipei
, better known by his stage name , is a Japanese actor, voice actor and director.
Izawa was born in Tokyo, Japan and is the director of the theatrical troupe Big Face, and a member of Theater Echo. He appeared with fellow Theater Echo member Chihoko Shigeta in the popular "Itadakimasu Gekijō" segment of Raion no Itadakimasu on Fuji TV. Izawa has chaired organizations including the World Music Festival of Peace, the Yomiuri Giants Fan Appreciation Day, and the Tokyo International Marathon.
History
In 1979, Izawa joined Theater Echo, performing in many stage productions through 1988. In 1985, he began performing in works produced by Yasutaka Tsutsui, becoming Tsutsui's top choice for any role. Beginning in 1995, Izawa helped organize "Tsutsui World," even taking it to Los Angeles in 1996. From 2001 to 2002, Izawa performed in the Theater X production of Dario Fō no Bikkuri Hako. He then went on to direct the new Warau Onna. Warawareru Otoko series, writing the scripts as well.
Commercial work
Izawa has starred in commercials for Casio, Dariko, Idemitsu, Kobayashi Pharmaceuticals, Suntory, Aione and Ajinomoto. He has also narrated various materials for Kodansha, Marubeni, Toyota, Taisei Rotec, Tokyo Gas, Otsuka Corporation, Manulife, Lion Corporation, NTT Docomo, and Calpis.
Anime
TV
High School! Kimengumi (2001-2005) - Kō Irooto, Ken Akiresu
Movies
11 Piki no Neko (1980 version)
Urusei Yatsura Movie 1: Only You (1983) - Announcer
BOM!
Choudenshi Bioman (1984) - Metzler
Tsushimamaru: Sayonara Okinawa
The Wings of Honneamise (1987) - Darigan
Tokusatsu
Choudenshi Bioman (1984) - Mettzler (ep. 1 - 49)
Kyodai_Ken_Byclosser (1985) - Togebara (ep. 11)
Chouseishin Gransazer (2004) - Alien Stone Lamon/Koujirou Kanuma (ep. 30)
Live action movies
Sasurai no Trouble Buster
Radio
Heisei Yawa
Izawa Hiroshi no Uta Demae
Theatre
Dario Fō no Bikkuri Hako
Warau Onna. Warawareru Otoko series (script, director)
TV drama
Aoi Hanabi
Futari de Dango o
Gokusen
Hamidashi Keiji
Ii Hito.
Kyōshi Binbin Monogatari?
Magician Keiji
Shiawase Zukuri
Shin Omizu no Hanamichi
Tengoku no Daisuke e
TV variety shows
Itadakimasu
Video
Box 39
Shizuka Naru Don 7
External links
Big Face
1955 births
Japanese male voice actors
Living people
People from Tokyo
Japanese theatre directors
Joseph Debs (born 8 October 1833 in Raschiva, Lebanon - died on 7 October 1907 in Beirut, Lebanon) was an archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut.
Life
Joseph Debs was appointed and consecrated on 11 February 1872 by Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Boulos I Massad, Archeparch of Beirut. On 7 October 1907 he died at the age of 73 years in Beirut.
References
External links
1833 births
1907 deaths
Lebanese Maronites
19th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
20th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Michèle Bennett (born 15 January 1950) is the former First Lady of Haiti and the ex‑wife of former President of Haiti, Jean‑Claude Duvalier. They fled to France together when he resigned in 1986; they divorced in 1990.
Early life
Michèle Bennett was born in Port‑au‑Prince, Haiti, in 1950, the daughter of Aurore() and ErnestBennett, a Haitian businessman and descendant of of Haiti. Her father owned more than of land, growing mostly coffee, and employing 1,600 estate workers in addition to 900 more in his business. Her uncle was Haiti's Roman Catholic Archbishop Monsignor
At 15, Bennett moved to New York, where she was educated at St. Mary's School in Peekskill. She went on to work as a secretary at a slipper company in New York City's Garment District. In 1973, she married Alix Pasquet, Jr., the son of Captain Alix Pasquet, a well known mulatto officer and Tuskegee Airman who in 1958 led a coup attempt against François Duvalier. By Pasquet she had two children, Alix III and Sacha. After her 1978 divorce from Pasquet, she had a career in public relations for Habitation LeClerc, an upscale hotel in Port‑au‑Prince.
Marriage
Although Bennett met Jean‑Claude Duvalier in high school, the pair did not become romantically engaged until ten years later. In 1980, Bennett married President Duvalier. Their wedding, Haiti's social event of the decade, cost an unprecedented US$2million and was received enthusiastically by the majority of Haitians. Michèle Duvalier at first endeared herself to the population by distributing clothes and food to the needy as well as opening several medical clinics and schools for the poor. In the six weeks following the wedding, Michèle and Jean‑Claude toured Haiti, turning up unannounced at meetings, marketplaces, and other gathering places, which garnered “approving glances and words most everywhere”. On a visit to Haiti, Mother Teresa remarked that she had “never seen the poor people being so familiar with their head of state as they were with ”. With Jean‑Claude, Michèle had her third and fourth children: Nicolas and Anya.
The marriage represented a symbolic alliance with the mulatto elite, the families Jean‑Claude's father had opposed. This resulted in her husband's mother, Simone Duvalier, who opposed the match, being sidelined politically, which in turn created new factional alliances within the ruling group since the Duvalierist Old Guard opined that the new First Lady's power appeared to exceed her husband's. While Jean‑Claude often dozed through Cabinet meetings, his wife, frustrated at his political ineptitude, reprimanded ministers herself.
First lady
Accusations of or associations with corruption plagued the Duvalier–Bennett marriage. Michèle's father, Ernest Bennett, took advantage of his presidential connection to extend interests into his businesses, from his BMW dealership, to his coffee and cocoa export concerns, to Air Haiti, in whose planes Bennett was rumored to be transporting drugs. In 1982, Frantz Bennett, Michèle's brother, was arrested in Puerto Rico for drug trafficking, and began a three‑year jail term.
Michèle Duvalier's family amassed wealth during the later part of Jean‑Claude's dictatorship. By the end of his fifteen‑year rule, Duvalier and his wife had become notorious for their corruption. The National Palace became the scene of opulent costume parties, where the young President once appeared dressed as a Turkish sultan to dole out ten‑thousand‑dollar jewels as door prizes.
While on a visit to Haiti in 1983, declared that "things must change in Haiti", and he called on "all those who have power, riches and culture so that they can understand the serious and urgent responsibility to help their brothers and sisters". Popular uprising against the regime began soon after that. Duvalier responded with a 10%reduction in staple food prices, the closing of independent radio stations, a cabinet reshuffle, and a crackdown by police and army units, but these moves failed to dampen the momentum of the popular uprising. Jean‑Claude's wife and advisers urged him to put down the rebellion in order to remain in office. In response to widening opposition to 28 years of Duvalier rule, on 7 February 1986, the Duvaliers fled the rioting country in an American plane accompanied by 19 other people.
Exile
The governments of Greece, Spain, Switzerland, Gabon and Morocco all refused the Duvalier family's requests for asylum. France agreed to give the Duvaliers temporary entry but also denied them asylum. Soon after their arrival in France, their home was raided as part of an investigation into pillaging Haiti's treasury. Bennett was found trying to flush documentation down a toilet. Her papers documented recent spending including US$168,780 for Givenchy clothing, US$270,200 for Boucheron jewelry and US$9,752 for two children's horse saddles at Hermès. In 1987, a French civil court dismissed Haiti's lawsuit against the Duvaliers, which sought to have the Duvaliers held responsible to repay money to Haiti.
In 1990, Jean‑Claude Duvalier filed for divorce from Bennett in the Dominican Republic, accusing her of immoral acts. Bennett, who was living with another man in Cannes at the time, contested the decision, flying to the Dominican Republic to obtain a reversal before her husband prevailed in a third court. She was awarded alimony and child support.
In the wake of the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, Bennett returned to Haiti with a search and rescue team to look for her brother RudyBennett in the rubble of the Hôtel Montana. Bennett returned to Haiti for Jean‑Claude Duvalier's funeral on 11 October 2014. She attended with her two children from their marriage, at a chapel on the grounds of the Institution Saint-Louis de Gonzague school in the Delmas district of Port‑au‑Prince.
References
1950 births
First Ladies and Gentlemen of Haiti
Haitian expatriates in France
Haitian people of Mulatto descent
Living people
People from Port-au-Prince
Christophe family
Duvalier family
Potrock Run is a long 1st order tributary to Cross Creek in Brooke County, West Virginia. This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
Course
Potrock Run rises at Fowlerstown, West Virginia, in Brooke County, West Virginia and then flows generally north to join Cross Creek about 1 mile east of Louise, West Virginia.
Watershed
Potrock Run drains of area, receives about 40.1 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 275.88, and is about 69% forested.
See also
List of Rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Brooke County, West Virginia
Save Me (stylized in all caps) is the first extended play by American rapper Future, released through Freebandz and Epic Records on June 7, 2019. It debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200.
Background
Save Me was announced on June 5, 2019, via Future's Instagram account, and later confirmed as an EP by Apple Music.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from professional publications, Save Me received an average score of 63, based on six reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Reed Jackson of Pitchfork said, "[Future's] the latest EP proves he's still a master of melancholic detail, but thematically and sonically, the Atlanta superstar has hit a wall". Christopher Weingarten of Rolling Stone wrote, "...this seven-song companion piece, coming less than five months on its heels, is something else: a fascinating "what if" scenario, a more experimental Future working within modern rap techniques and pushing their boundaries to the blurry edges". HipHopDX critic Cherise Johnson said, "SAVE ME, opposed to previous collaborative EPs such as 2016's Purple Reign with Metro Boomin, feels incomplete for it's lacking the divine energy felt from previous Future projects". In a mixed review, Exclaim!s Calum Slingerland stated: "Aforementioned moments of experimentation show a continued development of Future's "Hendrix" alter ego, but there's something to be said for getting to know him over a longer runtime."
Spectrum Cultures Daniel Bromfield wrote the following: "Future has long been one of rap's most consistent artists, but for the first time since his early shots at stardom, he sounds confused." Lucy Shanker of Consequence saying "There's no denying Future's ability to constantly curate content, but perhaps with a little more time and focus, Save Me could have been significantly better".
Commercial performance
Save Me debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 with 42,000 album-equivalent units (including 5,000 pure album sales) in its first week.
Track listing
Notes
signifies an uncredited co-producer
"Xanax Damage" is stylized as "XanaX Damage"
Sample credits
"Shotgun" contains a sample from "Promise", written by Ciara Harris, Jasper Cameron, Jamal Jones, and Elvis Williams, performed by Ciara.
"Extra" contains a sample from "One Unread", written by Atupele Ndisale, Amber Olivier, David Patino, and Christopher Wood, performed by Amber Olivier.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Bryan Anzel – recording (tracks 1, 7), engineering (track 3)
Detail – recording (track 4), mixing (track 4)
Manny Marroquin – mixing (tracks 1, 6, 7)
Fabian Marasciullo – mixing (tracks 2, 3, 5)
Glenn Schick – mastering (all tracks)
Eric Manco – engineering (all tracks), recording (track 3)
Fxxxxy – engineering (all tracks), recording (tracks 2, 5, 6)
Mike Synphony – engineering assistant (tracks 3, 4, 7)
Charts
References
2019 debut EPs
Future (rapper) albums
Albums produced by Detail (record producer)
Mathew Anden, also Mathew T. Anden or Matthew Anden (November 23, 1942 in Berlin – 19 July 1985 in New York City) was a German theater, television and film actor, who mainly worked in the United States.
Life
Mathew Anden was born in Berlin in 1942; his name was Mathias Schreiner. He was son of Katharine Schreiner but was adopted by his aunt, Yoshi Schreiner. His mother was in a Russian concentration camp and thought to be deceased, thus the adoption. However, she came back in 1950, but the adoption was never changed. Mathew and Yoshi came to the United States in June of 1957. When he became an American citizen he changed his name to Mathew Anden. When he was a teenager, Anden began to act in plays. He played in theaters across the United States, in Minneapolis, Maine, New Orleans, Boston, and Detroit, and worked from 1971 to 1972 at a theater of Baltimore, often playing leading roles. His most significant role was in the 1965 Off-Broadway production of The Threepenny Opera, in which he played the role of Finch. Throughout his career, he acted alongside such theater stars as Gail Strickland, Joyce Van Patten and Diana Scarwid. He also acted in plays by Harvey Perr, Max Frisch and Seán O'Casey. His career as a stage actor encompassed continuously the 1950s, 60s and 70s in the United States. He was a member of the actors studio.
He was not very fond of film acting, and acted in just four movies or feature films throughout his career, though he worked with famous actors such as Paul Newman, Burt Reynolds, Ryan O'Neal and, in German films, Nicole Heesters and Hans-Peter Korff. Anden had guest roles on The Waltons, as well as on various German crime shows.
In one of his few nonfictional television appearances, he was interviewed for the show Making it in Hollywood.
On 19 July 1985, he died at age 42 from the effects of stomach cancer and AIDS.
TV appearances (in the USA)
The Patty Duke Show "Practice makes perfect", 1963 (as Eddie Blake).
Making it in Hollywood (23 June 1976), Issue No. 18, taken at a party in Hollywood producers, documentary (22 minutes).
The Waltons "The Rumor" (guest role), 1978 (as Willie Brimmer).
Filmography
David and Lisa, USA, 1962 (as Simon).
Nickelodeon, USA, 1976 (as Hecky).
Flush, Comedy, USA, 1977.
The death Springer, (Der Todesspringer), Germany, 1985 (as the son of wealthy parents).
Theater (selection)
The Threepenny Opera, New York City Opera (Off-Broadway), 1965, the role of Finch.
The Persecution and Assassination of Jean Paul Marat represented by the spectacle of the Asylum of Charenton under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade, (play by Peter Weiss) Performed *Baltimore 1970 (Andean played the lead role).
Andorra, (Max Frisch), Leading Role, 1972, Baltimore.
Cock a doodle dandy (Seán O'Casey), 1974, in the role of One-Eye - Larry.
Gethsemane Springs, (Harvey Perr), 1977, in the role of David (Gail Strickland, Joyce Van Patten, Diana Scarwid).
Two Sisters, own production, 1979. (The piece was written by Anden itself) (also actor).
References
Hergemöller- Man for man - a biographical dictionary, Suhrkamp Verlag, 2001.
External links
Mathew Andes at the Internet Movie Database (English)
1942 births
1985 deaths
Male actors from Berlin
German male film actors
German male television actors
German emigrants to the United States
American male stage actors
AIDS-related deaths in New York (state)
20th-century German male actors
Imanaliroso (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Artlukhsky Selsoviet, Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 310 as of 2010.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Geography
Imanaliroso is located 32 km southeast of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gertma and Guni are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Maid in India is an Indian web series created by Web Talkies. The story revolves around India's most iconic maid, Priyanka Bai, who is witty and progressive.
Plot description
Priyanka, a progressive maid who enjoys complete social media presence, is tech-savvy as she uses a high-end iPhone. She is the woman of the hour who breaks all the stereotypes. Being far more level-headed and sophisticated than her masters themselves, she shows her mistress how to sweep the thick and thins of life under the rug with her witty solutions.
She is back in the second season of Maid in India, with twice the fun, twice the oomph and twice the craziness. But this time to add to her trouble, enters Tia, Sandhya's sister, who is an air hostess for a leading American Airline. Tia's uber-modern approach towards things annoy Priyanka and the game of one-upmanship begins between the two. The people to get caught in the crossfire are Sahil and Sandhya. We start the second season with Tia entering the house and having an instant disagreement with Priyanka setting in motion an uproariously funny chain of events. And to add to the fun, things get a little odd for Sahil who now has to deal with three women in his life while he has not been able to deal with one. Sandhya's constant bickering, Tia's sensual nature and Priyanka's flirtatious nature add up to more miseries in his life as whatever he does, Sandhya still beats the hell out of him. So expect the second season of Maid In India to be more funny, more raunchy and much more crazy than its dhinchak first season.
Cast
Flora Saini as Priyanka Bai
Sandhya Mehta as Sandhya
Sahil Gandhi as Sahil
Sanyukta Timsina as Tia
References
Web Talkies rolls out season 2 of web series 'Maid in India' . Television Post. Retrieved 2016-12-26.
I've become more flirtatious now: Actress Flora Saini. IANS Live. Retrieved 2017-01-05.
External link
Indian web series
Hindi-language web series
Zimonjić is a Serbian surname. It may refer to:
Bogdan Zimonjić (1813–1909), Serbian priest and vojvoda
Nenad Zimonjić (born 1976), Serbian tennis player
Predrag Zimonjić (born 1970), Serbian water polo player
Petar Zimonjić (1866–1941), Serbian Orthodox bishop
Petronije Zimonjić (1942–2021), Serbian basketball strength and conditioning coach
Saša Zimonjić (born 1978), Serbian professional footballer
See also
Vojvoda Zimonić, village in Serbia
Serbian surnames
The San Jose Stealth are a lacrosse team based in San Jose, California playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2007 season was the 8th in franchise history and 4th as the Stealth (previously the Albany Attack).
After a 1-5 start, the Stealth won eight of their final ten games, and finished the season in 4th place with a 9-7 record. In the division semi-final, they defeated the division-winning Colorado Mammoth in overtime before losing to the Arizona Sting in the division finals.
Regular season
Conference standings
Game log
Reference:Reference:
Playoffs
Game log
Reference:
Player stats
Reference:
Runners (Top 10)
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose balls; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals against; Sv% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Transactions
Trades
Roster
Reference:
See also
2007 NLL season
References
San Jose
2007 in sports in California
Trinity Square may refer to:
Trinity Square (Gateshead), a shopping centre in Gateshead, Tyne & Wear, England
Trinity Square (Nottingham), a shopping centre in Nottingham, England
Trinity Square Gardens, a garden square (also known as Tower Hill) north of the Tower of London, England
Trinity Square (Toronto), a public square in Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Red Square, in Moscow, Russia, known as Trinity Square in the 17th century
Ruskin Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Stave River in Ruskin, British Columbia, Canada. The dam was completed in 1930 for the primary purpose of hydroelectric power generation. The dam created Hayward Lake, which supplies water to a 105 MW powerhouse and flooded the Stave's former lower canyon, which ended in a small waterfall approximately where the dam is today.
Background
Ruskin Dam was constructed along with the Western Canada Power Company's hydroelectric development of the Stave Valley. Stave Falls Dam was completed in 1912 and Alouette Dam, the third dam in the system, in 1928. Construction on Ruskin Dam, about downstream of Stave Falls began in 1929 by the British Columbia Electric Railway who had previously bought Western Canada Power in 1921. In November 1930, the dam was inaugurated and local businessmen and politicians celebrated by dining in its powerhouse. Only two generators were operational at first and the third was added in 1950. The first superintendent of Stave Falls Dam was the namesake for Hayward Lake. In 1961, when the provincial government took over the BC Electric Company, the dam became the property of BC Hydro, a Crown corporation.
Upgrade
Beginning in 2012 and continuing until 2018, the dam and its facilities are expected to undergo an C$800 million upgrade. The project includes replacing the generators, reinforcing the right bank of the dam, upgrading the intake and penstocks, replacing the spillway piers and gates and relocating the switchyard. The upgrades are aimed at bringing the dam and its facilities up to safety standards, improving their seismic performance and increasing their efficiency and life. Three new 38MW turbine-generators provide a slight capacity increase to 114MW.
Design
Ruskin Dam is a tall and long concrete gravity type. The dam creates a reservoir (Hayward Lake) with a capacity and surface area. The dam sits at the outlet of a catchment area and the reservoir extends . The dam's spillway is an ogee-type and consists of seven radial gates. It has a maximum discharge capacity. The dam's powerhouse is immediately adjacent on the river's eastern bank. It contains three 35 MW Francis turbine-generators and water is fed to each by a single penstock. Access to the powerhouse is by a truss bridge from the company offices on the west side of the river.
Operation
Ruskin Dam is part of the Alouette-Stave Falls-Ruskin Hydroelectric Complex. Upstream of the dam is the Stave Falls Dam and Powerhouse which has an installed capacity of 90 MW. Supplementing Stave Lake is small amount of water from Alouette Lake which is created by the Alouette Dam in northern Maple Ridge via long tunnel connecting intakes at the northern end of Alouette Lake and Stave Lake. At the end of the tunnel is a penstock which feeds the 8 MW Alouette Powerhouse on the western shore of Stave Lake approximately 8 km north of Stave Dam. Water released from Stave Falls Dam flows into Hayward Lake and is used by the Ruskin Dam for power generation.
In popular culture
The dam has been a filming location for the TV series The X-Files, MacGyver, Smallville, Dark Angel and the movie The Invisible. In Smallville episodes "Prototype", "Phantom" and "Bizarro", it is referred to as "Reeves Dam", a homage to the late Superman actors George Reeves and Christopher Reeve.
See also
List of electrical generating stations in British Columbia
External links
Ruskin page, Maple Ridge Museum and Community Archives website
Flickr gallery "Ruskin", Maple Ridge Community Association
Further reading
Valley of the Stave, Charlie Miller, Hancock House Publishers Ltd., Surrey BC, 1981
References
Dams in British Columbia
Gravity dams
Hydroelectric power stations in British Columbia
Mission, British Columbia
Dams completed in 1930
BC Hydro
Publicly owned dams in Canada
Darby Ross is a former Australian international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Ross was selected as part of the five-man team by Australia for the 1988 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Auckland, New Zealand.
He won a triples gold medal (with Ken Williams and Trevor Morris) and a fours bronze medal, at the 1987 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Lae, Papua New Guinea.
In 1981, he won the Hong Kong International Bowls Classic pairs title.
References
Australian male bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of properties and districts in Barrow County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Current listings
|}
References
Barrow
Barrow County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Barrow County, Georgia
Robert C. McNeish (July 15, 1912 – February 27, 1999) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University from 1948 to 1950, compiling a record of 1–25–3. The lone win came against Richmond in 1949. McNeish played college football as a halfback at the University of Southern California (USC) from 1931 to 1933. His teams, coached by Howard Jones, went 30–2–1 in those three seasons, winning national championships and consecutive Rose Bowls in 1931 and 1932. McNeish served as an assistant coach at USC and at the United States Naval Academy. He died on February 27, 1999 in San Gabriel, California.
Head coaching record
College
References
External links
1912 births
1999 deaths
American football halfbacks
Navy Midshipmen football coaches
USC Trojans football coaches
USC Trojans football players
Virginia Tech Hokies football coaches
Junior college football coaches in the United States
Pasadena City Lancers football coaches
Events in the year 1965 in Turkey.
Parliament
12th Parliament of Turkey (up to 10 October)
13th Parliament of Turkey
Incumbents
President – Cemal Gürsel
Prime Minister
İsmet İnönü (up to 20 February)
Suat Hayri Ürgüplü (20 February-27 October)
Süleyman Demirel (from 27 October)
Leader of the opposition
Süleyman Demirel (up to 20 February)
İsmet İnönü (from 20 February)
Ruling party and the main opposition
Ruling party
Republican People's Party (CHP) (up to 20 February)
A coalition of Justice Party (AP), New Turkey Party (YTP) and Republican Villagers Nation Party (CKMP) and Nation Party (MP) (20 February-27 October)
Justice Party (AP) (from 27 October)
Main opposition
Justice Party (AP) (up to 20 February)
Republican People's Party (CHP) (from 20 February)
Cabinet
28th government of Turkey (up to 20 February)
29th government of Turkey (20 February-27 October)
30th government of Turkey (from 27 October)
Events
13 February – Annual budget of the 28th government of Turkey was rejected. (End of İsmet İnönü government and a short-term caretaker government)
19 March – Gas explosion in Yeniçeltek mine, Amasya Province. 69 deaths
13 June – Fenerbahçe won the championship of Turkish football league.
1 July - Road Water Electricity General Directorate was founded.
10 October – General elections . AP 240 seats, CHP 134 seats, MP 31 seats, YTP 19 seats, TİP 14 seats, CKMP 11 seats, Indep 1 seat. (TİP was the first marxist party to gain seats in Turkish parliament)
24 October – Census Population 31351421.
18 December – Turkey declared that Zürich and London Agreement concerning the Cyprus issue was still in effect
Births
24 February – Tülay Keçialan (Asya), singer
5 April – Aykut Kocaman footballer
18 August – Hayrünnisa Gül, ex President Abdullah Gül's wife
12 September – Seden Gürel, singer
Deaths
18 July – Refik Halit Karay (aged 77), novelist
15 August – Zihni Derin (aged 85), agronomist
Gallery
See also
1964–65 1.Lig
References
Years of the 20th century in Turkey
Natural morality refers to morality that is based on human nature, rather than acquired from societal norms or religious teachings. Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is central to many modern conceptions of natural morality, but the concept goes back at least to naturalism.
Darwinian morality
Charles Darwin defends a naturalist approach to morality. In The Descent of Man, he argues that moral behaviour has outgrown from animal tendency for empathy through evolution of morality. By comparing human and animal behavior through a naturalist approach, he concludes that moral sense is based on the species' sociability, notably altruism.
Altruism and selfishness
In Darwin's view, empathy lays as the foundation for our actions, as opposed to selfishness. He states that humans can generally distinguish between altruism (the "high moral rules") and selfishness (the "low moral rules"):
Morality from sympathy
Darwin suggests sympathy is at the core of sociability and is an instinctive emotion found in most social animals. The ability to recognize and act upon others' distress or danger, is a suggestive evidence of instinctive sympathy; common mutual services found among many social animals, such as hunting and travelling in groups, warning others of danger and mutually defending one another, are some examples of instinctive sympathy Darwin offers. He insists it must be sympathy that compels an individual to risk his or her own life for another from his community.
Darwin suggests further that the role of acceptance of others acts as a guide for conduct; sympathy enables to obtain approval of others instead of rejection. Social animals, when separated from the herd, cannot endure solitude and oftentimes perish. Darwin argues social animals have a natural dislike for solitude, and states: "solitary confinement is one of the severest punishments which can be inflicted."
Natural morality for survival
Because of the instinctive nature of sympathy and its general recurrence among many social animals, Darwin deduces this emotional character must be inherited through natural selection. From a naturalist point of view, probably, instinctive sympathy was first developed for animals to thrive by living in society just as the pleasure of eating was first acquired to induce animals to eat. In this sense, morality is a crucial instinct for survival in social animals. As Darwin noted in The Descent of Man:
Instinctive altruism effectively enables individuals to guarantee the survival of the group, which in turn will aid the survival of the individual. In The Descent of Man, Darwin notes:
Human morality
Mankind is a social animal, and has inherited its moral traits through the evolution of morality. As Darwin notes, the moral difference between mankind and animals, however, is "certainly one of degree and not of kind." Emotions such as remorse, regret or shame one may feel, stem from human's incessant reflection on past experiences and preoccupation with the judgement of others.
See also
Ethics
Evolution of empathy
Naturalism (philosophy)
References
Further reading
Wong, David, 2006, Natural Moralities, A Defense of Pluralistic Relativism, Oxford University Press,
Morality
Altruism
Human evolution
Evolutionary psychology
Charlotte Kirk (born Charlotte Sophie Dyke; 16 June 1992) is a British actress.
Career
Kirk attended the Italia Conti School of Acting, and participated with The Miskin Theatre and Jigsaw Performing Arts. Kirk appeared in commercials for Nintendo Wii and Orange Telecom. Kirk has worked with photographer Patrick Demarchelier.
In 2013, Kirk was cast in the film Nicole and O.J. by director Joshua Newton, who described Kirk as his former girlfriend. In 2018, she co-wrote and acted in The Reckoning, directed by Neil Marshall, to whom she became engaged.
Personal life
Kirk lives with director Neil Marshall in Los Angeles. As a young girl, she was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.
She has been involved in multiple affairs with television and film studio executives. In March 2019, Kirk was tied to the resignation of Warner Bros. CEO Kevin Tsujihara.
...Kirk reportedly began contacting Tsujihara, Packer, and Ratner to pressure them to land her roles in upcoming movies. Kirk's efforts didn't result in anything substantial, but she did land small roles in the Warner Bros. production "Ocean's 8" and the New Line Cinema production "How to Be Single." When Tsujihara's actions came to light in 2019, he had little choice but to resign... Kirk also reportedly pressured Millennium Films CEO Avi Lerner to land roles in his productions, including the 2019 remake of "Hellboy" directed by (Neil) Marshall.—Variety
I confirm that I was in a romantic relationship with James Packer in the summer of 2013 and that I was treated with respect by Mr. Packer, and I have no issues with him or claims against him. I further confirm that when the relationship ended I sought the advice of Mr. Tsujihara whom I had been introduced to by Mr. Packer. Mr. Tsujihara never promised me anything. I also confirm that Brett Ratner helped me out of friendship to assist me in getting auditions and trying to help me find an agent, and I have no issues with him or claims against him. I deny that there was any legal settlement or agreement entered into between myself and Brett Ratner in 2016.—Charlotte Kirk, (Vanity Fair)
In 2012, Kirk, then 20 years old, became involved with then-NBCUniversal vice chairman Ronald Meyer, then in his late sixties, meeting at a Hollywood Foreign Press Association event in London. By the end of 2012, she had been in a sexual relationship with Australian billionaire James Packer.
Kirk had an extramarital affair with then-Warner Bros. CEO Kevin Tsujihara in 2013 and 2014. Tsujihara resigned as CEO of Warner Bros. in March 2019.
In August 2020, she was tied to the resignation of Meyer. Meyer disclosed that he paid Kirk a settlement of $2 million.
In September 2020, The Hollywood Reporter revealed that Tsujihara and Meyer may have colluded to cover up the real nature of their relationships with Charlotte Kirk.
On 29 October 2020, Vanity Fair magazine published an article, 'Sex and Texts, Secrets and Lies: How the Charlotte Kirk Saga Blew Up Hollywood' by Mark Seal. The article details a complex story of Kirk's involvement at various levels with several Hollywood executives and producers.
Filmography
Film
References
External links
1992 births
21st-century British women writers
21st-century British screenwriters
Actresses from Kent
British film producers
English screenwriters
People with Asperger syndrome
Living people
Fast & Furious (also known as The Fast and the Furious) is a media franchise centered on a series of action films that are largely concerned with street racing, heists, spies, and family. The franchise also includes short films, a television series, live shows, video games and theme park attractions. It is distributed by Universal Pictures.
The first film was released in 2001, starring Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, and Jordana Brewster. Walker returned for 2 Fast 2 Furious (2003), also starring Tyrese Gibson and Ludacris. Diesel returned for a cameo in the third film, The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift (2006), which starred Lucas Black and introduced a new cast, including Sung Kang. The original cast reunited for the fourth film, titled Fast & Furious (2009), incorporating Kang and introducing Gal Gadot. The fifth film, Fast Five (2011), integrated Gibson and Ludacris to the main cast of the franchise and added Dwayne Johnson.
Jason Statham was introduced in Fast & Furious 6 (2013) as the main antagonist for Furious 7 (2015), becoming a recurring character. The seventh film also added Nathalie Emmanuel to the main cast and was Walker's last appearance, after his death during its production. The eighth film, titled The Fate of the Furious (2017), introduced Charlize Theron as a recurring antagonist; it also marked the last appearance of Johnson in the main films, known collectivelly as The Fast Saga, who then starred alongside Statham in Hobbs & Shaw (2019), the first spin-off film in the franchise. F9 (2021) introduced John Cena as an antagonist, scheduled to reprise his role in the tenth film, Fast X (2023).
The franchise also includes two short films that bridge gaps between feature films, The Turbo Charged Prelude for 2 Fast 2 Furious (2003) and Los Bandoleros (2009).
Feature films
Short films
Notes
References
External links
Full cast and crew for The Fast and the Furious at IMDb
Full cast and crew for 2 Fast 2 Furious at IMDb
Full cast and crew for The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift at IMDb
Full cast and crew for Fast & Furious at IMDb
Full cast and crew for Fast Five at IMDb
Full cast and crew for Fast & Furious 6 at IMDb
Full cast and crew for Furious 7 at IMDb
Full cast and crew for The Fate of the Furious at IMDb
Full cast and crew for Hobbs & Shaw at IMDb
Full cast and crew for F9 at IMDb
Full cast and crew for Fast X at IMDb
Full cast and crew for The Turbo Charged Prelude for 2 Fast 2 Furious at IMDb
Full cast and crew for Los Bandoleros at IMDb
Lists of actors by film series
Fast & Furious lists
"Cambodia" is the fourth single by British singer Kim Wilde. It was released at the end of 1981; a year in which Wilde had already scored three highly successful hit singles and a best-selling debut album. The single was another international success, topping the charts in France, Sweden and Switzerland and hitting the top ten in several other nations. It was released on the 7" format but also as a 12" single in West Germany, although not in a remixed or extended version. The B-side of both releases was an exclusive non-album track called "Watching for Shapes".
"Cambodia" was later included on Wilde's second album, Select, which was released six months after the single in May 1982. The album version of "Cambodia" runs for 7:13 minutes, as it is teamed with a more uptempo instrumental version of the song, called "Reprise".
Musically and lyrically, "Cambodia" showed a change in direction for Wilde from the new wave feel of her debut album. The song was mainly synth-driven, with east Asian-sounding percussion.
Composition
"Cambodia" was written by Marty Wilde and Ricki Wilde and has a length of seven minutes and thirteen seconds. The Independents Chris Mugan found the song reminiscent of a film noir. Stewart Mason of AllMusic noted that the song lacks the bubblegum pop influence present on Wilde's self-titled debut album, and is instead more synthesizer-driven. Matt James of PopMatters felt that the song was an attempt by Kim Wilde to prove that she could tackle serious issues, leading the way for The Human League's "The Lebanon" in 1984 and Sting's "Russians" in 1985.
Critical reception
According to Yahoo!, songs like "Cambodia",
"View from a Bridge" (1982) and Wilde's version of "You Keep Me Hangin' On" (1986) brought her "very close to [the] hearts" of Australians. The Independents Chris Mugan deemed the song one of Wilde's "eighties classics" alongside "Kids in America". In the Encyclopedia of Popular Music, Colin Larkin opined that Wilde tried "a more adventurous sound" with "Cambodia," indicating that she was "an exciting talent." The Ipswich Star Wayne Savage said that "Cambodia" and "Chequered Love" (1981) are "seminal smashes" which prove that Wilde "struck gold more often than not." Vogue Rachel Hahn called the song an "underrated classic".
Stewart Mason of AllMusic noted that "Kim Wilde's second album didn't score any hits on the level of the debut's 'Kids in America,' although the dramatic 'Cambodia' was a sort of cult favorite in some circles." Writing for the same website, John Bush called the track a "fan favorite" and an "odd, chilling attempt to record a dirge for Southeastern Asia." In The Legacies of Jean-Luc Godard, Douglas Morrey wrote that "'Cambodia' is not...a particularly moving record". In his review of The Singles Collection 1981–1993 in All Music Guide to Rock: The Definitive Guide to Rock, Pop, and Soul, Mike DeGagne wrote that "Only the unbecoming 'Cambodia' and the hollowed out 'Child Come Away' should be avoided on this collection, as both lack the spirit that Wilde usually packs."
Track listing
"Cambodia" (3:56)
"Watching for Shapes" (3:42)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
A music theme was used in 1985 Czecho-Slovak movie Tretí šarkan.
Swedish doom metal band Enigmatic released a cover in 1996.
German DJ Pulsedriver released a cover of the song in 2001 and a remake in 2013.
One-shot Belgian trance project Nobody released a cover of the song in 2003.
In 2004, the Italodance project Brothers released a b-side to the single "Memories", called "This Is" and based on the song's music.
Apoptygma Berzerk's 2005 album You and Me Against the World includes a cover version of the song.
The Swedish Death'N'Roll band Hearse released a cover of the song in 2004 on their album Armageddon, Mon Amour.
An Italian house remix of the song was featured in the 2005 compilation album by Gigi D'Agostino, Disco Tanz.
The German dance group Scooter covered the song on their 2007 album Jumping All Over the World. Jumpstyle artist Vorwerk also covered this song.
In 2008 Serbian punk rock band Six Pack recorded a version on their cover album Discover.
In 2009 Dutch DJ Marco V released a track called "Coma Aid" incorporating a re-recorded version of the song's main synthesizer tune.
In 2016 Swedish duo Kurz covered the song on their debut album Vol 1.
In 2017 punk rock band Brutto covered the song on their third album Roki.
In 2019 hardstyle producers Ran-D, Frequencerz, and Adaro made a cover named "Battleborn".
In 2019 Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, in collaboration with the Dutch-Turkish DJ Ummet Ozcan and the Dutch DJ Brennan Heart, released a bigroom and hardstyle cover of the song with the name, "Beast (All as One)".
In 2020 the Austrian singer Anna-Sophie released a cover version in pop / EDM style.
In 2020 Kim's father Marty Wilde recorded his own version of the song for his album "Running Together"
In 2020 Ukrainian dance music band Soundstream released a bigroom/EDM cover of this song.
References
1981 singles
1981 songs
Cambodia in fiction
Songs of the Vietnam War
European Hot 100 Singles number-one singles
Jumpstyle songs
Kim Wilde songs
Number-one singles in Sweden
Number-one singles in Switzerland
RAK Records singles
Songs about Asia
Songs written by Marty Wilde
Songs written by Ricky Wilde
The UNLV Architecture Studies Library (ASL) is located in the Paul B. Sogg Architecture Building, located on the University of Nevada, Las Vegas campus. The services of the library address both the needs of the faculty and students of the UNLV School of Architecture, and also offers an email reference service. The Library provides historical and current information and resources about architecture in Las Vegas, primarily through its Las Vegas Architects and Buildings Database.
History
The building was completed and occupied in August 1997. The Architecture Studies Library (approximately 16,000 gross square feet) includes spaces for book and periodical stacks, individual carrels on both of its floors, current periodicals display shelving, exhibits, a reference area, clippings files, special collections, group study rooms, and a computer lab.
The architect for the building was Swisher & Hall Architects of Las Vegas. The interiors furniture selection and placement was a project of one of the school's interior design classes.
Collections
The UNLV ASL provides an archival collection of Nevada AIA design awards spanning over a quarter of a century, in addition to summarized data on architectural projects, firms and individuals both through its in-house collection of materials and its online materials.
Notes and references
1. Brown, Jeanne. ASL Services. Las Vegas: University of Nevada, Las Vegas Architecture Studies Library. Last updated: May 29, 2007. Accessed May 29, 2007.
2. Brown, Jeanne. Architecture Studies Library Building. Las Vegas: University of Nevada, Las Vegas Architecture Studies Library. Last updated: Oct. 18, 2006. Accessed May 31, 2007.
1997 establishments in Nevada
Architectural education
Architecture of the Las Vegas Valley
Buildings and structures in Paradise, Nevada
Libraries in Nevada
Library buildings completed in 1997
University and college academic libraries in the United States
University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Costaconvexa polygrammata, the many-lined moth, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Moritz Balthasar Borkhausen in 1794. It is found from Europe to North Africa.
The wingspan is about 26 mm. There are three generations per year with adults on wing from the end of March to April, in June and July and in August and September.
The larvae feed on Galium species, primarily G. saxatile. Larvae can be found from April to October. It overwinters as a pupa.
External links
Many-lined moth at UKMoths
Fauna Europaea
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum e.V.
Xanthorhoini
Moths described in 1794
Moths of Africa
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Moritz Balthasar Borkhausen
Sigrid Sophia Agatha de Torres von Giese, better known by her screen name Paraluman (December 14, 1923 – April 27, 2009), was an award-winning Filipina German actress. Her contemporaries include the likes of Fernando Poe, Sr. and Carmen Rosales. She was a major contract star of Sampaguita Pictures.
Personal life
Paraluman was born in Tayabas to Lothar von Giese, and Tecla de Torres, who was herself from Tayabas. Educated at Assumption College, the young Paraluman herself was an avid movie fan. She loved reading magazines about her favorite celebrities. Her interest in showbiz increased when she learnt that their next-door neighbour was the actress Corazón Noble, and she would often climb their fence to catch glimpse of the actress. Her curiosity yielded positive results because Noble's younger sister, Lily, noticed her and they soon became friends.
Career
Her extraordinary beauty led the seventeen-year-old Paraluman to be recommended by another sister of Corazón Noble, Norma, to film producer Luis Nolasco. Her first movie was Flores de Mayo (1940), and she initially used the screen name Mina de Gracía. She was rechristened "Paraluman" (archaic Tagalog for "muse" or "magnetic needle") by Fernando Poe, Sr., who signed her as a full-fledged star in X'otic Films' Paraluman (1941). This was followed by the actresses' roles in the films Bayani ng Bayan and Puting Dambana.
After World War II, she came back to cinema as a contract star of Sampaguita Pictures. She then became a famous leading lady in romantic movies, but when she made a comeback, her image was repackaged by Sampaguita Pictures owner Dr. José "Doc" Pérez. She was given character roles, playing nemesis to Gloria Romero in Hongkong Holiday, then as a handicapped woman in Tanikaláng Apoy (1959). She won a FAMAS Best Actress Award for her role in Sino ang Maysala?
Paraluman was also nominated by FAMAS four times: twice in 1959 for Best Actress for the movies Bobby and Anino ni Bathala, in 1972 as Best Supporting Actress for Lilet, and in 1976 as Best Supporting Actress for Mister Mo, Lover Boy Ko. Her last films were Viva Films' Kailan Sasabihing Mahal Kita in 1985 and NV Productions' "Tatlong Ina, isang Anak" in 1987 as one of the spinster aunts of Miguel Rodríguez.
Family
Paraluman had her first marriage to Yoshifume Abe that ended in divorce. She remarried in December 1949 in Manila to airline pilot Anthony Joseph "Tony" Barretto O'Brien, who was the son of Peter O'Brien and Dolores Barretto y Barretto of Zambales. Baby O'Brien, who was her daughter by her first marriage to Abe, took on the surname of her stepfather and was herself a television actress and commercial model. O'Brien's daughter Rina Reyes is also an actress.
Death
Paraluman died of cardiac arrest on 27 April 2009 at her home in Parañaque. She was 85 years old.
In popular culture
Filipino rock band The Eraserheads mentioned her in the opening lyrics of Ang Huling El Bimbo.
Paraluman is also mentioned in the lyrics of the song Binibini by Filipino pop group The Rainmakers.
A Filipino rock band, Paraluman, is also named after the late actress.
Selected filmography
Paraluman (1947)
Puting dambana (1941)
Palaris (1941)
Manilena (1941)
Bayani ng buhay (1941)
Paloma, La (1947)
Ina (1947)
Awit ng bulag (1948)
Pinaghating isangdaan (1949)
Kaputol ng isang awit (1949)
Good Morning Professor (1949)
Biro ng tadhana (1949)
Dalawang bandila (1950)
Batong buhay (1950)
May karapatang isilang (1953)
Highway 54 (1953)
Pusong ginto (1954)
Now and Forever (1954)
Rodora (1956)
Gigolo (1956)
Babalu (1956)
Lydia (1956)
Veronica (1957)
Sonata (1957)
Sino ang maysala (1957)
Hongkong Holiday (1957)
Taga sa bato (1957)
Ulilang angel (1958)
Elephant Girl (1958)
Bobby (1958)
Anino ni Bathala (1958)
Pitong pagsisisi (1959)
Ipinagbili ko ang aking anak (1959)
Tanikalang apoy (1959)
Kahapon lamang (1959)
Surrender - Hell! a.k.a. "Blackburn's Guerrillas" (1959)
Baby Face (1959)
Kamandag (1959)
Kuwintas ng alaala (1960)
Isinakdal ko ang aking ama (1960)
Amy, Susie & Tessie (1960)
Estela Mondragon (1960)
Makasalanang daigdig (1961)
Dalawang kalbaryo ni Dr. Mendez (1961)
Apat na yugto ng buhay (1961)
Pitong kabanalan ng isang makasalanan (1962)
Ako ang katarungan (1962)
Class reunion, Ang (1963)
Moro Witch Doctor (1964)
Isinulat sa dugo (1965)
Tao ay makasalanan, Ang (1966)
Bakit pa ako isinilang? (1966)
Dahil Sa Isang Bulaklak (1967)
Surabaya Conspiracy (1969)
Nam's Angels (1970)
Lilet (1971)
Daughters of Satan (1972)
Super Gee (1973)
Mister Mo, Lover Boy Ko (1975)
Alat (1975)
Ikaw... ako laban sa mundo! (1976)
Bakit may pag-ibig pa? (1979)
Kailan sasabihing mahal kita (1985)
References
External links
1923 births
2009 deaths
20th-century Filipino actresses
Filipino child actresses
Filipino film actresses
Filipino people of German descent
People from Tayabas
Actresses from Quezon
Damian Gregory (born January 21, 1977) is a former American football defensive tackle. He played for the Miami Dolphins in 2001, the Cleveland Browns in 2002 and for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2004.
References
1977 births
American football defensive tackles
Cleveland Browns players
living people
Miami Dolphins players
players of American football from Ann Arbor, Michigan
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Son of Gutbucket is a 1969 sampler album released to promote artists on the Liberty Records label. It followed the earlier release in 1969 of Gutbucket, (subtitled An Underworld Eruption).
Track listing
Side 1
"Bootleg" - Creedence Clearwater Revival - from the LP Bayou Country
"My Babe She Ain't Nothing But A Doggone Crazy Fool Mumble" - Ian Anderson's Country Blues Band - from the LP Stereo Death Breakdown
"I Got Love If You Want It" - Johnny Winter - from the LP The Progressive Blues Experiment
"Preparation G" - T.I.M.E. - from the LP Smooth Ball
"Walking Down Their Outlook" - High Tide - from the LP Sea Shanties
"Oh Death" - Jo-Ann Kelly & Tony McPhee - from the LP I Asked for Water, She Gave Me Gasoline
"Don't Mean A Thing" - Floating Bridge - from the LP Floating Bridge
"Sergeant Sunshine" - Roy Harper - from the LP Folkjokeopus
"Mistreated" - The Groundhogs - from the LP Blues Obituary
Side 2
"Sic 'Em Pigs" - Canned Heat - from the LP Hallelujah
"Hard Headed Woman" - Andy Fernbach - from the LP If You Miss Your Connexion
"T.B. Blues" - McKenna Mendelson Mainline - from the LP Stink
"Sunshine Possibilities" - Famous Jug Band - from the LP Sunshine Possibilities
"Hurry Up John" - Idle Race - from the LP Idle Race
"I'm So Tired" - Brett Marvin and the Thunderbolts - from the LP I Asked for Water, She Gave Me Gasoline
"Leavin' My Home" - T.I.M.E. - from the LP Smooth Ball
"Sugar On The Line" - Aynsley Dunbar Retaliation - from the LP ''To Mum - From Aynsley & The Boys
Sampler albums
1969 compilation albums
Folk compilation albums
Blues compilation albums
Rock compilation albums
Liberty Records compilation albums
Record label compilation albums
Roman Povazhny (Russian: Поважный, Роман Александрович; born October 23, 1976) is a Russian-Polish former international motorcycle speedway rider. He gained Polish citizenship in 2004 and retired in 2013.
Speedway Grand Prix results
Career details
World Championships
Individual World Championship (Speedway Grand Prix)
2003 - 29th place (6 points in 2 GPs)
2005 - 25th place (4 points in 1 GP)
Individual Under-21 World Championship
1997 - Mšeno - 4th place (10 points)
Team World Championship (Speedway World Team Cup and Speedway World Cup)
1993 - 3rd place in Group D for (13 points)
1993 - started in Group B only (4 points)
1997 - Piła - 6th place (7 points)
1998 - 3rd place in Group A (12 points)
2000 - 3rd place in Quarter-Final 1 (13 points)
2001 - 8th place (5 points in Race-Off)
2002 - 9th place (8 points in Event 3)
2003 - 8th place (8 points in Race-Off)
2007 - started in Qualifying Round 2 only (12 points)Note: In 1993 he started for Slovenia
European Championships
Individual European Championship
2001 - Heusden Zolder - 7th place (8 points)
2002 - Rybnik - 6th place (9 points)
European Pairs Championship
2008 - Natschbach-Loipersbach - Bronze medal (8 points)
European Club Champions' Cup
1998 - started in Group A only (15 points) 2004 - Ljubljana - Silver medal for Mega-Lada Togliatti (16 points)
2009 - Toruń - 3rd place (5 pts) Vladivostok
Domestic competitions
Individual Polish Championship
2008 - 6th place in Semi-Final 2''
Polish Golden Helmet
2008 - Wrocław - 5th place (8 points)
See also
Russia national speedway team
Poland national speedway team
List of Speedway Grand Prix riders
Speedway in Poland
References
External links
(ru) Riders of Mega-Lada
1976 births
Living people
Russian speedway riders
Polish speedway riders
Naturalized citizens of Poland
Russian emigrants to Poland
Place of birth missing (living people)
Oxford Cheetahs riders
Century Avenue () is a major street in Pudong, Shanghai. It begins near the Oriental Pearl and ends at Yanggao Road, in a pedestrianised section leading to Century Park.
Major Landmarks
There are many major landmarks along the road (from west to east):
Lujiazui
Jin Mao Tower
Shanghai World Financial Center
NYU Shanghai
Shanghai Oriental Art Center
Shanghai Science and Technology Museum
Century Park
Shanghai Metro Line 2 follows Century Avenue for the entire length of the road. It is accessible through the following stations (from west to east):
Lujiazui
Dongchang Road
Century Avenue
Shanghai Science and Technology Museum
References
Pudong
Streets in Shanghai
Donalda Duprey-Abadie (born 1 March 1967 in Fredericton, New Brunswick) is a Canadian retired athlete who specialised in the hurdling events. She represented her country at the 1992 Summer Olympics, as well as three outdoor and one indoor World Championships.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
100 metres hurdles – 13.09 (+1.4 m/s) (Lausanne 1994)
400 metres hurdles – 55.42 (0.0 m/s) (São Paulo 1994)
Indoor
400 metres – 54.52 (Toronto 1993)
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fredericton
Canadian female hurdlers
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
World Athletics Championships athletes for Canada
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Knox County Regional Airport is a county-owned, public-use airport in the town of Owls Head, Knox County, Maine, United States. It is located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Rockland, Maine. The airport serves the residents of midcoast Maine with commercial and charter aviation services. Scheduled airline service is subsidized by the Essential Air Service program. It is also a major hub of freight and mail service to Maine's island communities including Matinicus, North Haven and Vinalhaven.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 13,866 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 14,461 enplanements in 2009, and 17,657 in 2010. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a primary commercial service airport (more than 10,000 enplanements per year).
During the summer months, the airport is one of Maine's busiest, with significant private jet operations bringing visitors to the numerous summer colonies in the Penobscot Bay region. The influx in traffic in recent years prompted the implementation of a voluntary night curfew on arrivals and departures between 10:30 p.m. and 6:00 a.m.
Owls Head Transportation Museum is also situated at the airport on the remains of runway 17/35, a third runway that is now abandoned. It has a museum of antique autos, aircraft, and engines. During the summer special event gatherings are held for enthusiasts.
History
The airport was built during World War II and became locally known as the "Ash Point Naval Air Station" while officially operating as Rockland Naval Auxiliary Air Facility (NAAF) from April 15, 1943 until February 1, 1946. With the familiar triangle of runways (the third runway was discontinued in the 1970s) it was one of a string of military airports along the Maine coast supporting operations of Naval Air Station Brunswick.
After the war, it was operated by the City of Rockland until 1968. It was then turned over to Knox County and renamed Knox County Regional Airport. Since that time, the airport has been developed, the runways expanded, and an Instrument Landing System (ILS) was installed.
Facilities and aircraft
Knox County Regional Airport covers an area of 538 acres (218 ha) at an elevation of 56 feet (17 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 13/31 is 5,007 by 100 feet (1,526 × 30 m) and 3/21 is 4,000 by 100 feet (1,219 × 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending July 31, 2010, the airport had 55,125 aircraft operations, an average of 151 per day: 76% general aviation, 18% air taxi, 5% scheduled commercial, and <1% military. At that time there were 79 aircraft based at this airport: 95% single-engine, 3% multi-engine, 1% jet, and 1% helicopter.
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
Accidents and incidents
In 1979, Downeast Flight 46 crashed on approach to the airport when the pilots descended below the minimum allowable altitude in difficult weather and failed to correct their error. All but 1 on board were killed.
Citations
Other sources
Essential Air Service documents (Docket OST-1997-2784) from the U.S. Department of Transportation:
Order 2004-10-16 (October 25, 2004): reselecting Colgan Air, Inc., to provide subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) at Presque Isle/Houlton, Augusta/Waterville, Bar Harbor and Rockland, Maine, for a two-year period at a combined annual subsidy rate of $4,312,849.
Order 2006-8-24 (August 25, 2006): reselecting Colgan Air, Inc., operating as US Airways Express, to provide subsidized essential air service (EAS) at Presque Isle/Houlton, Augusta/Waterville, Bar Harbor, and Rockland, Maine, at a total annual subsidy rate of $4,774,068 ($3,572,592 for Augusta/Waterville, Bar Harbor, and Rockland; $1,201,476 for Presque Isle/Houlton), for the two-year period of November 1, 2006, through October 31, 2008.
Order 2008-7-35 (July 31, 2008): selecting Hyannis Air Service, Inc. d/b/a Cape Air (Cape Air) to provide subsidized EAS at Rockland, Maine, at an annual subsidy of $1,522,770, for a two-year period beginning when Cape Air inaugurates full EAS, through the end of the 24th month thereafter.
Order 2010-9-28 (September 28, 2010): selecting Hyannis Air Service, Inc., operating as Cape Air, to provide essential air service (EAS) at Augusta/Waterville and Rockland, Maine, for the four-year period from November 1, 2010 to October 31, 2014, for a combined annual subsidy of $2,783,161, and Colgan Air Inc., operating as US Airways Express, to provide EAS at Bar Harbor, Maine, for the two-year period from November 1, 2010 to October 31, 2012, for an annual subsidy of $2,298,533.
External links
Knox County Regional Airport at Knox County website
Aerial image as of May 1996 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Maine
Buildings and structures in Rockland, Maine
Essential Air Service
Transportation buildings and structures in Knox County, Maine
The DR Class 243 is a universal electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn which is used for general rail service. Deutsche Bahn lists the locomotive as Class 143. The locomotives of class 143/243 still belong to the most successful class of German electric locomotives.
Development
Beginning in 1976, the Deutsche Reichsbahn of the GDR recommenced their railway electrification efforts in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis, which had also affected the Eastern Bloc countries. Prior to this, Deutsche Reichsbahn had mainly acquired Russian-built diesel locomotives, such as the class 120 and the DR Class 130 family, as the Soviet Union had been providing the GDR with inexpensive heavy oil and diesel fuel. VEB Lokomotivbau und Elektrotechnische Werke Hennigsdorf, the only manufacturer of electric locomotives left in the GDR, was subsequently ordered to develop a modern lightweight, eight-wheel electric locomotive for both passenger and medium freight services, which was to be based on the heavy DR Class 250 Co'Co' freight locomotives. The bodywork and other mechanical components were developed and built at LEW's Hennigsdorf works, while the traction motors and other electric equipment were manufactured by EMW Dresden and various other producers.
The prototype for this new locomotive type was designated 212 001. It was built in 1982 and first presented at the Leipzig Trade Fair that year. As built, the locomotive was capable of a maximum speed of . It underwent extensive route trials before being disassembled for evaluation purposes, and while being reassembled was modified for a lower top speed of , which had been specified for all following production locomotives. At this time, the locomotive was redesignated 243 001.
Owing to its special livery of white with crimson stripes, 243 001 was given the nickname Weiße Lady (White Lady).
Production of the new class began in 1985 after 243 001 had proven satisfactory during her trial period.
Series Production
DR Class 243
In the 1980s, few lines on the East German railway network were prepared for speeds exceeding , which had been the principal reason for Deutsche Reichsbahn having specified 120 km/h to be the top speed for their Class 243 locomotives. In 1984, the first batch of 20 locomotives was delivered, followed by 80 in 1985, 100 in 1986, 110 in 1987 and 114 in 1988. By the end of 1989, five hundred locomotives had been completed.
Beginning with 143 302, all locomotives built from 1987 onwards have a slightly redesigned body with slightly more streamlined cab sections, reducing energy consumption by about 5% due to reduced air resistance.
From 1988 onwards, the batch known as Class 243.8 was fitted with multiple-unit train control equipment. After these had been delivered, a further 109 locomotives without multiple unit train control were delivered till December 1990, resulting in Deutsche Reichsbahn having a fleet of 636 Class 243 locomotives at their disposal. 243 659 was the very last Class 243 locomotive to be commissioned, entering service on 2 January 1991.
Following German reunification, freight traffic in the former East Germany saw a sharp downturn, leading to large numbers of locomotives being put into preserved storage. Beginning in August 1990, 243 922 (later redesignated 143 922) was thus hired to the Südostbahn (Swiss South-Eastern Railway). Also, increasing numbers of 243s were reallocated to Freiburg and Düsseldorf for testing by Deutsche Bundesbahn.
DBAG Class 143
The following year more locomotives were moved to the west where they were used on the Schwarzwaldbahn, the Höllentalbahn, the Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn and goods trains from Dortmund. After the DB and DR were combined in 1994 to form Deutschen Bahn AG the Class 143 locomotives were used on many more lines in the former West Germany.
The former 212 001 remained the property of LEW and after testing by the DR from 1982 to 1984 was used for various measuring and experimental tasks. In 2002 it was sold to EKO-Trans and (now numbered 143 001) was painted in their red and silver livery. In May 2008 143 001 was repainted orange with the logo of its new owner, Arcelor Mittal.
Six Class 143 locomotives (041, 069, 186, 191, 286, 874) have been sold to Bahn- und Hafenbetriebe der Ruhrkohle AG and a further six (179, 204, 257, 344, 851, 864) to Mitteldeutsche Eisenbahn Gesellschaft (MEG) where they have been renumbered as MEG 601–606.
DBAG Class 114.1 and 114.3
Many Class 143 locomotives were in use for passenger traffic and on longer Regionalbahn and Regional-Express services, so the maximum speed of was awkward, especially as the carriages often had a maximum speed of . It was planned to rebuild some locomotives with higher maximum speeds of , which would be classified as Class 114.3 and Class 114.1 respectively.
143 171 was rebuilt with a maximum speed of and renumbered as 114 101. During the rebuilding the pantograph was replaced with a newer model of type SSS 87 and the train protection system and brake equipment were adapted for higher speeds. The gear ratio between the motors and wheels was also changed and dampers were fitted between the locomotive body and the bogies.
143 120 was rebuilt into 114 301 with a maximum speed of . This did not require changes to the gear ratio or the fitting of dampers.
Both rebuilt locomotives were tested in test service and normal use around Magdeburg. The upgrading to cost €300,000 per locomotive and upgrading to cost €48,000 per locomotive. For this reason only speed increases to have followed.
DR Class 212 to DBAG Class 112
Following German reunification, the rail routes to Berlin were rebuilt with a maximum speed of more than . The Deutsche Reichsbahn had no locomotives capable of this speed so it had to acquire new faster locomotives. However, the Class 212 locomotives had originally been designed with a maximum speed of . After four prototype locomotives (numbered 212 002 to 212 005, the number 212 001 had originally been used for 143 001 and was not reused) a series of 35 locomotives (212 006 to 212 040) was delivered.
The Class 112 locomotives became an unexpected symbol of German reunification because they were the first locomotive class to be used by both the Deutsche Reichsbahn and the Deutsche Bundesbahn. DR and DB each ordered 45 slightly improved locomotives of Class 112.1 from AEG, who had taken over LEW Hennigsdorf as they had owned the factory in 1946. The decision for DB to order Class 112.1 locomotives was mainly to support the factory at Hennigsdorf as DB would have preferred a universal locomotive such as the Class 120.
After overcoming a few initial problems the Class 112 were mainly used on InterRegio trains. In 1995, 112 025 (the former 212 025) was renumbered as test locomotive 755 025. Following the end of InterRegio services and the upgrading of Regional-Express rolling stock for speeds of the Class 112 locomotives are used predominantly for regional services. On 1 January 2004 DB Fernverkehr transferred all its Class 112.1 locomotives to DB Regio.
DBAG Class 114
All 38 locomotives of Class 112.0 were reclassified as Class 114 on 1 April 2000 because up to this time these locomotives had been used exclusively for regional trains in Berlin, Brandenburg and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and there were several differences between these locomotives and the Class 112.1. Following the transfer of the remaining Class 112 locomotives to DB Regio the reason for the different classifications is unnecessary as there are similar differences between locomotives within Class 143.
DBAG 755 025
The VES-M Halle (Research Institute Halle) needed a fast electric locomotive for their measuring and test trains. In January 1995 they received 112 025 which was renumbered 755 025. Today it is numbered 114 501.
References
Sources
External links
www.br143.de
Electric locomotives of Germany
15 kV AC locomotives
243
Bo′Bo′ locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1982
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Passenger locomotives
LEW locomotives
zh:德国铁路143型电力机车
Kiloyear may refer to:
Millennium, a period of time equal to 1000 years
Kiloannus, abbreviated ka, a period of 1000 Julian years, equal to 365,250 days
Diatraea saccharalis, the sugarcane borer, is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1794. It is native to the Caribbean, Central America, and the warmer parts of South America south to northern Argentina. It was introduced to Louisiana in about 1855, and has since spread to the other Gulf Coast states.
The wingspan is 18–28 mm for males and 27–39 mm.
The larvae are considered a pest on sugarcane and other crops such as corn, rice, sorghum and Sudangrass. Other food plants include Sorghum halepense, Paspalum, Panicum, Holcus and Andropogon.
Gallery
External links
"Sugarcane borer Diatraea saccharalis (Fabricius)". Featured Creatures. University of Florida.
Chiloini
Moths described in 1794
Agricultural pest insects
Armando Nunes Castanheira da Rosa Marques (6 February 1930 – 16 July 2014), was a Brazilian football referee. He was the Brazilian representative referee at the 1966 and 1974 FIFA World Cups.
Professional
Considered by many the best referee in Brazilian football while he was active, whistled professionally from August 13, 1961 to May 8, 1977.
From 1961 to 1963, his career passed in anonymity, nobody knew Armando Marques. Until August 15, 1963, when they faced each other at Estádio do Pacaembu, São Paulo and Santos. São Paulo opened the scoring in the 5th minute through Faustino. Pelé equalized in the 21st minute. But in the final eight minutes of the first half, everything happened. Benê scored São Paulo's second goal in the 37th minute and Sabino increased it to 3-1 in the 40th minute. That's when the confusion started. Santos protested, referee Armando Marques did not tolerate the complaints and expelled Pelé and Coutinho.
End of the first half. Then Santos would have to return for the second half with nine players, but they returned with only eight, claiming that the side Aparecido felt sick in the locker room and was unable to return. The game restarted and at 7 minutes Pagão made it 4 to 1. Then the “cai-cai” started Pepe and Dorval decided to fall and wait for the stretcher so they wouldn't return to the lawn. Armando Marques whistled the end of the match, as Santos did not have a legal number of players to continue the game.
This match entered the history of Brazilian football, as "The Game of Cai-Cai", or else, the game in which Santos ran away from the field. And it was from that day on, with Pelé's expulsion, that referee Armando Marques entered the national scene.
Controversies
Controversies and historical errors marked his career. The first took place in a Fla-Flu, at Estádio do Maracanã in 1968, during the Torneio Roberto Gomes Pedrosa. Fluminense's right winger slapped the ball and scored the only goal of the game. Armando confirmed the goal. Later he saw the bid on television and apologized in front of the red-black crowd.
In 1971, he canceled out a goal by Leivinha (Palmeiras), as he indicated that it was with his hand when the images clearly showed that it was with his head. This mistake helped São Paulo to be the Campeonato Paulista champion that year, as the bid took place in the final between the two clubs.
In 1973, in another final of the Campeonato Paulista, the penalty shootout ended when Santos was winning the penalties shoot-out by 2–0, but still with the possibility of a draw by the Portuguesa de Desportos, as there were two penalties left. His mistake caused the division of the Championship title between the two clubs.
Another historic mistake: final of the 1974 Campeonato Brasileiro, Vasco and Cruzeiro at Maracanã. The Minas Gerais team needed only a draw. Vasco was winning the match by 2–1 when Armando Marques nullified a legitimate goal by player Zé Carlos (Cruzeiro), preventing the Minas Gerais team from becoming Brazilian Champion that year. Another confusion in 1974, Nilton Santos was a technical advisor for Botafogo, when Armando went to get the attention of the former star with his finger raised, received a punch from Nilton Santos and fell down the stairs in the Maracanã access tunnel.
FIFA World Cup
Marques also refereed two FIFA World Cup games: one in 1966 (West Germany 2–1 Spain on 20 July) and another in 1974 (Yugoslavia 0–2 West Germany on 26 June 1974).
Death
Marques died on 16 July 2014, in Rio de Janeiro, due to a kidney failure.
References
1930 births
2014 deaths
Brazilian football referees
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (city)
1966 FIFA World Cup referees
1974 FIFA World Cup referees
FIFA World Cup referees
Nervous system
CNS
Encephalitis
Myelitis
Meningitis
Arachnoiditis
PNS
Neuritis
eye
Dacryoadenitis
Scleritis
Episcleritis
Keratitis
Retinitis
Chorioretinitis
Blepharitis
Conjunctivitis
Uveitis
ear
Otitis externa
Otitis media
Labyrinthitis
Mastoiditis
Cardiovascular system
Carditis
Endocarditis
Myocarditis
Pericarditis
Vasculitis
Arteritis
Phlebitis
Capillaritis
Respiratory system
upper
Sinusitis
Rhinitis
Pharyngitis
Laryngitis
lower
Tracheitis
Bronchitis
Bronchiolitis
Pneumonitis
Pleuritis
Mediastinitis
Digestion system
Mouth
Stomatitis
Gingivitis
Gingivostomatitis
Glossitis
Tonsillitis
Sialadenitis/Parotitis
Cheilitis
Pulpitis
Gnathitis
Gastrointestinal tract
Esophagitis
Gastritis
Gastroenteritis
Enteritis
Colitis
Enterocolitis
Duodenitis
Ileitis
Caecitis
Appendicitis
Proctitis
Accessory digestive organs
Hepatitis
Ascending cholangitis
Cholecystitis
Pancreatitis
Peritonitis
Integumentary system
Dermatitis
Folliculitis
Cellulitis
Hidradenitis
Musculoskeletal system
Arthritis
Dermatomyositis
soft tissue
Myositis
Synovitis/Tenosynovitis
Bursitis
Enthesitis
Fasciitis
Capsulitis
Epicondylitis
Tendinitis
Panniculitis
Osteochondritis: Osteitis/Osteomyelitis
Spondylitis
Periostitis
Chondritis
Urinary system
Nephritis
Glomerulonephritis
Pyelonephritis
Ureteritis
Cystitis
Urethritis
Reproductive system
Female
Oophoritis
Salpingitis
Endometritis
Parametritis
Cervicitis
Vaginitis
Vulvitis
Mastitis
Male
Orchitis
Epididymitis
Prostatitis
Seminal vesiculitis
Balanitis
Posthitis
Balanoposthitis
Pregnancy/newborn
Chorioamnionitis
Funisitis
Omphalitis
Endocrine system
Insulitis
Hypophysitis
Thyroiditis
Parathyroiditis
Adrenalitis
Lymphatic system
Lymphangitis
Lymphadenitis
Physiology
Inflammations
S.S.D. F.C. Trapani 1905, commonly referred to as Trapani, is an Italian football club based in Trapani, Sicily. It currently plays in Serie D, after a year-long hiatus following its exclusion from Serie C during the course of the 2020–21 season.
They are nicknamed the Granata (the Maroons), after their kit colour.
History
In brief
During the club's history they have played mostly in the Serie C and D leagues. In the 2013–14 season, they played in Serie B for the first time in the club's history.
To date the highest league position the club has finished after the 1929–30 season was 2nd in the third highest level of Italian football, a position the club attained 3 times, in the Prima Divisione during the 1934–35 season, in the Serie C during the 1960–61 season and again during the 1962–63 season.
Before the 1929–30 season, the club played for one season at the then highest level football division in the 1921–22 season, but retired during the championship, forfeiting the last 6 matches.
In recent years, the highest league position the club attained was 4th in the third highest level of Italian football, then called Serie C1, during the 1994–95 season, a result that was bettered in the 2011–12 season when Trapani achieved a second place in the same division. Throughout their long history, Trapani have won at least six recorded league championships in various divisions.
Foundation
The club's roots can be traced back to 1905; on 2 April of that year, local newspaper the Gazzetta di Trapani ran an advert requesting young people to form a football association for Trapani. The club founded, by professor Ugolino Montagna and young native Abele Mazzarese to represent the West-Sicilian town was named Unione Sportiva Trapanese. It is one of the oldest teams on the island, after Palermo and Messina.
U.S. Trapanese's first president was Giuseppe Platamone and the club played their games at Via Spalti. The first official game for the club came against Palermo in October 1908, the more experienced Palermitan team won emphatically scoring 12 goals. The Trapanese bounced back, however, playing local derbys against teams from Marsala and Erice. In 1915 play was stopped because of World War I.
Post-war times
After the war, in 1921 three teams had risen up; Vigor, Bencivegna and Drepanum. During the 1921–22 season Vigor finished 6th in the Sicilian section of the national championship of the C.C.I. (Confederazione Calcistica Italiana). On 22 January 1923 a merger took place between Vigor and Drepanum, the club decided to revive the previous name U.S. Trapanese.
In June 1926, the name of the club was changed to A.S. Trapani. In the 1930–31 season, under the name Juventus Trapani, the club won promotion from III Divisione into II Divisione, the following season they achieved promotion again this time into the early 1930s equivalent of Serie C. They finished 8th in Serie C in the 1942–43 season, but then football in Italy was put on hold for the Second World War.
1940s, 50s and 60s
Just after World War II, the club were using the name A.S. Trapani for one season, before changing its name to A.S. Drepanum. They were entered into Serie C, which, at the time, was divided into many regional groups. For the 1947–48 season, they qualified for the new, smaller Serie C; even finishing above Messina. Unfortunately for the club, they were relegated down to Serie D, in the 1949–50 season after finishing second from bottom.
1990s: peak and decline
With former Serie A player Ignazio Arcoleo as head coach, Trapani experienced two consecutive promotions from Serie D to Serie C1 in the early 1990s.
In 1995, a strong and qualified team composed mostly of young promising players such as Marco Materazzi and more experienced local footballers such as Francesco Galeoto qualified to the promotion play-off, but ultimately lost to Walter Novellino's Gualdo in the semi-finals with a late goal scored on injury time. After that, Trapani experienced a slow but continuous decline, despite attempts to repeat past successes: Arcoleo left Trapani to coach Palermo along some of the best players, including Galeoto. The club then relegated to Serie C2 in 1997, Serie D in 2000 and even Eccellenza in the 2005–06 season, despite a late attempt by Arcoleo and former star Gaetano Vasari to save the team from relegation. In addition, the club also received a 12-points deduction for the 2006–07 season following a matchfixing attempt recognized by the Football Federation. In its 2006–07 Eccellenza campaign, Trapani, coached by former Parma midfielder Tarcisio Catanese, ended the regular season phase to eleventh place, and saved from relegation after having won relegation play-offs to Terrasini in a 5–0 single-legged win. From 2007 onwards Trapani competed in the Serie D with little success.
From Serie D to Serie B and league exclusion
In 2009, chairman Vittorio Morace appointed Roberto Boscaglia as new head coach, with the aim to bring the club back into professionalism; in his first season in charge, Trapani ended as runners-up behind Milazzo. However, later in August, due to the high number of resignations of clubs in the higher ranks, Trapani was admitted into the 2010–11 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione (formerly Serie C2), thus ending the club's 13-year absence from the professional ranks.
In 2010–11, Trapani finished as runners-up in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione group C, and successively won the promotion play-offs to Lega Pro Prima Divisione. In the first campaign in the third tier, Trapani surprised everyone by topping the league against all odds; an end-of-season crisis, however, led to the Sicilians being overtaken by Spezia in the penultimate week of the season and losing direct promotion. In the subsequent promotion play-offs, Trapani defeated Cremonese in the semi-finals, but then lost a two-legged final to fourth-placed outsiders Lanciano. In the following season, however, Trapani were crowned champions (this time in group A) and finally promoted to Serie B for their first time ever.
In 2015–16, with Serse Cosmi as their coach, they finished in 3rd place, losing to Pescara in the play off final. However, they started off the following season badly, sacking Cosmi on 30 November with the club in last place. The appointment of Alessandro Calori saw an improvement in form, and the ended the season in 19th place, sitting in the relegation play off spots. Unfortunately, 18th placed Ternana finished five points above the Granata, meaning the club were relegated to Serie C for the 2017–18 season.
Trapani's first season back to the third tier, with Calori still in charge, saw the Granata ending in third place (behind U.S. Lecce and Catania) and then eliminated at the playoff stage by eventual winners Cosenza.
During the summer of 2018, Trapani's ownership announced their intention to sell the club and reduce the budget due to financial and legal issues surrounding the parent company Ustica Lines. Vincenzo Italiano was hired as new head coach in place of Calori, with Raffaele Rubino as director of football, for the new season. The season also saw the club being sold from the Morace family to the FM Service company, owned by Maurizio De Simone. The club ended the season in second place, and had a successful campaign in the subsequent promotion playoffs, making it to the finals against Piacenza after defeating Catania in the semi-finals.
On 5 June 2019, just a few days after the first leg of the playoff finals, the Trapani playing squad announced their intention to send their notice of default after the new ownership had repeatedly failed to pay their salaries. On 15 June 2019, Trapani defeated Piacenza 2–0 to win their second promotion to Serie B in the club's history. The very next day, Rome-based property developer Giorgio Heller (who was already linked to the club in the past) announced his acquisition of a majority 80% share of the club. The takeover was formally finalized on 21 June 2019, in time to allow the club to successfully register for the 2019–20 Serie B season. On 10 July 2019, Francesco Baldini was named the new coach of Trapani. On 5 October 2020, Trapani was excluded from Serie C.
Restart from Serie D
In the summer of 2021, Paceco-based Serie D club Dattilo acquired the footballing rights of Trapani, including the logo, and renamed themselves as Football Club Trapani 1905. In their debut season under the new denomination, Trapani ended in a mid-table finish.
Rivalries
Trapani's main rivals are Marsala 1912 and Mazara, respectively from the neighbouring cities of Marsala and Mazara del Vallo. A rivalry with Palermo also exists, but has rarely been contested: Palermo and Trapani briefly played together in Serie C1, and renewed their rivalry in the 2013–14 Serie B campaign.
Honours
Lega Pro Prima Divisione:
Champions: 2012–13
Serie C2:
Champions: 1993–94
Serie D:
Champions: 1971–72, 1984–85
II Divisione:
Champions: 1931–32
III Divisione:
Champions: 1930–31
Interregionale:
Champions: 1992–93
Notable former managers
Heinrich Schönfeld (1930–33)
Achille Piccini (1949–50)
Ferenc Plemich (1953)
Gastone Prendato (1955–57), (1961–62)
Leandro Remondini (1962–63)
Alberto Eliani (1972–73)
Egizio Rubino (1977–79)
Washington Cacciavillani (1981–83)
Mario Facco (1989–90)
Ignazio Arcoleo (1992–95)
Ivo Iaconi (1996–97)
Ezio Capuano (1999–00)
Tarcisio Catanese (2006–08)
Roberto Boscaglia (2009–15)
Serse Cosmi (2015–16)
Vincenzo Italiano (2018–19)
Francesco Baldini (2019–2021)
Former players
Ivo Banella (1974-1978)
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Trapani
Football clubs in Sicily
Association football clubs established in 1905
Serie C clubs
1905 establishments in Italy
Hussein Kuli Khan Nawab () (1864 - after 1920), also known as Sadr es-Saltaneh, was a Persian foreign minister and ambassador. He was the seventh son of Mirza Aqa Khan Nuri, Prime Minister from 1851 to 1857 under Naser al-Din Shah Qajar.
In 1886 he was Consul General in Bombay and then became Envoy to Washington.
Between 1910 and 1911, Hussein Kuli Khan Nawab was Persian foreign minister. On October 16, 1910, the British government delivered an ultimatum to the Persian government to secure the Persian Gulf trade routes within three months, or else a 1,000- to 1,200-man police force under British-Indian leadership would intervene there, financed by a ten percent increase in import duties in Persian ports and Fars Province. He responded on this threat to restrict the Persian sovereignty by politely pointing out that despite the alleged insecurity of trade routes, the volume of imports into Persia had increased by ten percent in the previous year. The operation led to the creation of the Persian Gendarmerie.
As a strong supporter of the Persian Constitutional Revolution Hussein Kuli Khan Nawab is praised by Morgan Shuster, treasurer-general of Persia at the time.
As of 1915, Hussein Kuli Khan Nawab was envoy to Frederick Augustus III of Saxony.
References
1864 births
Foreign ministers of Iran
Ambassadors of Iran to the United States
Ambassadors of Iran to Germany
People of Qajar Iran
Year of death missing
19th-century Iranian politicians
20th-century Iranian politicians
The Sochi Autodrom (), previously known as the Sochi International Street Circuit and the Sochi Olympic Park Circuit, is a permanent race track in the settlement of Sirius next to the Black Sea resort town of Sochi in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.
The circuit runs around a former Olympic complex, the Sochi Olympic Park site, scene of the 2014 Winter Olympic Games. The TCR International Series raced at Sochi in 2015 and 2016, with the TCR Russian Series and SMP F4 Championship as support series.
The inaugural World Championship Russian Grand Prix took place in 2014, with the circuit hosting the Grand Prix up to . The contract was terminated before the 2022 edition due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Development
Earlier the International Olympic Committee was given the power to delay the race until 2015 if preparations for the race interfered with the Winter Olympics, though the Games started without interruption. In October 2011, the Russian government set aside US$195.4 million for the construction of the circuit.
The construction of the Sochi Olympic Park Circuit marked the end of a thirty-year campaign for a Russian Grand Prix, with plans for a "Grand Prix of the Soviet Union" originating as early as 1983 before being abandoned for "bureaucratic reasons" and several failed attempts in the intervening years. The circuit received its final approval from the FIA in August 2014.
The circuit
The circuit was the fifth-longest circuit on the 2021 Formula One calendar, behind Spa-Francorchamps in Belgium, Jeddah Street Circuit in Saudi Arabia, Baku City Circuit in Azerbaijan and Silverstone in the UK. The circuit is built around the Sochi Olympic Park, that is the coastal cluster of Olympic venues built for the 2014 Winter Olympics that have hosted competitions in ice hockey, speed skating, curling, figure skating, short track etc., and Fisht Olympic Stadium where Opening and Closing ceremonies were held. The surface was not laid until after the Closing Ceremony of the Olympics.
The circuit, designed by German architect Hermann Tilke, has the start grid on the northern edge of the Olympic Park next to the railway station, heading southwest towards the Black Sea coast. Then it runs along the outer edge of the central Sochi Medals Plaza, that is the podium for Olympic medal ceremonies. The long Turn 3 has been compared to Turn 8 in Istanbul Park. Then, the track circles the plaza counterclockwise and makes three turns around the Bolshoy Ice Dome. Then follow series of tight corners before turning north where the track skirts the edge of the Olympic Park, above the main Olympic Village and the Adler Arena Skating Center. Then it passes the skating and curling centres, before funneling up behind the pit paddock toward the train station, and completing a circuit with two ninety-degree right turns. The circuit held the Russian Grand Prix from 2014 to 2021.
The circuit was initially planned to be included in the 2022 Formula One calendar, but the Russian Grand Prix was suspended on 24 February 2022, then it was cancelled on 1 March 2022, due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Events
Current
October: Russian Endurance Challenge
Former
Ferrari Challenge Europe (2016)
FIA Formula 2 Championship (2018–2021)
FIA Formula 3 Championship (2019, 2021)
Formula One Russian Grand Prix (2014–2021)
GP2 Series (2014–2015)
GP3 Series (2014–2015, 2018)
Russian Circuit Racing Series (2014–2016, 2018–2019, 2021)
SMP F4 Championship (2015–2017)
TCR International Series (2015–2016)
World Touring Car Cup FIA WTCR Race of Russia (2021)
Lap records
The official lap record for the current circuit layout is 1:35.761, set by Lewis Hamilton during the 2019 Russian Grand Prix. The official race lap records at the Sochi Autodrom are listed as:
See also
2014 Winter Olympics
References
External links
Sochi Autodrom photos
OMEGA Center (official development site)
Sochi Autodrom Guide
Sochi Autodrom on Google Maps (Current Formula 1 Tracks)
Formula One circuits
World Touring Car Championship circuits
Motorsport venues in Russia
Sport in Sochi
Venues of the 2014 Winter Olympics
Buildings and structures in Sochi
Sports venues completed in 2014
Racing circuits designed by Hermann Tilke
2014 establishments in Russia
Gameforge is a video game publisher and video game developer. It represents a group of companies that operates internationally and has its headquarters in Karlsruhe, Germany. It distributes roughly 20 games, translated into over 50 languages.
Their portfolio contains client-based massively multiplayer online games (MMOGs) such as TERA, Metin2, Runes of Magic, and SOLO, as well as browser-based online games such as OGame, Gladiatus, BiteFight, and Ikariam. They also operate mobile games. Gameforge employs a staff of over 300 and was founded by its Chief Executive Officer Alexander Rösner and former CEO Klaas Kersting in 2003.
Business Model
Gameforge was one of the first European companies to offer its games using a free-to-play business model. Game access and clients are mostly free of charge. The products are financed by shop systems where players can buy comfort and service functions such as mounts to ride, or equipment and personalisations for money. Gameforge was one of the first western companies to adapt to this invariably important business model that has its origins in Asia.
History
The company was founded in December 2003 under the name of Gameforge GmbH in Karlsruhe by Alexander Rösner and Klaas Kersting. One of the company's first titles was OGame which Alexander Rösner had developed prior to the company foundation all by himself. In September 2006, the company's legal structure was converted into an incorporated company which took the name Gameforge AG. It functions as a holding of the affiliated company Gameforge 4D GmbH. Gameforge currently operates and markets twelve client-based online games, nine browser games and five mobile games.
2003 to 2010
The years from 2006 to 2010 were characterised by a strong growth in the number of players and employees. In 2007, the company had about 100 employees; the number increased to 200 by the end of 2008, to 360 by the end of 2009 and finally, to 450 in 2010 (650 including those from Frogster Interactive Pictures AG). In November 2011, the company announced a realignment of internal structures. Following the integration of Gameforge and Frogster's operating units, "Client Games" and "Web Games" were replaced with "Development" and "Publishing" sections. In addition to structural measures, the workforce was reduced and products that were not meeting expectations were adjusted. In 2009, the company reached the mark of 100 million registered players. By the end of 2010, the number grew to 200 million and, in 2011, to 300 million. The number currently stands (December 2013) at about 400 million registered players.
In 2007, Gameforge founded its first foreign branch, Gameforge SARL, established in Paris. After buying French development studio Nevrax, the subsidiary was commissioned to market the game “The Saga of Ryzom”. It was only a moderate success, leading to the sale of Ryzom in 2009. Gameforge owned other offices abroad, including Gameforge Holding Malta Ltd. with headquarters in Pietà. In November 2007, Gameforge ventured into the U.S. market as the first German online games company and founded Gameforge Productions Inc. based in San Francisco. Lars Koschin was placed in charge of branch management overseas.
On April 23, 2008, Gameforge announced the establishment of four development studios. “Ticking Bomb Games”, based in Hamburg, was to develop several PC games, then be marketed by Gameforge. Managing directors were Tobias Severin and Marco Schultz; who both already had many years of experience in the game development field. Ralf C. Adam was introduced as a consultant, allowing them to make use of his 16 years' professional experience. Their first game, Gilde1400, a browser game based on PC game “The Guild”, was released late October 2009. The beta phase ran for two weeks before it was published.
The end of January 2009 brought the establishment of the second developer, “Rough Sea Games”, based in Mannheim, Germany. Just like Ticking Bomb, the studio was to take over development of PC and browser games. Matthias Schindler was elected CEO. He had been working in the game development for 15 years.
In addition to the Hamburg and Mannheim studios, the company also co-operated with two other development studios: “Steroid Interactive” (Mainz) and “Inflammables” (Heidelberg). All four studios were gradually decommissioned: the offices in Hamburg, Mainz and Mannheim were sold on 1 January 2011; Inflammables closed with the end of Hellbreed in late 2011.
At the end of 2008, the foundation of a subsidiary in the United States together with Frogster Interactive Pictures AG was unveiled. Gameforge was to be the primary stakeholder with 75 percent and following the purchase of 470,000 shares it was to then have acquired a stake of up to 20 percent from Frogster. However this joint venture was not achieved: conflicts of interest arose regarding the details. The company chose instead to become active with its own subsidiary, Frogster America Inc.
2010 onwards
On March 19, 2010, Klaas Kersting, former CEO of Gameforge AG, announced his departure from the company.
During 2010 Gameforge took a majority stake in Frogster Interactive Pictures AG, further expanding its share. On July 3, 2012, a rebranding of its subsidiary Frogster Interactive Pictures AG and associated subsidiary companies was announced. Frogster was renamed Gameforge Berlin AG, subsidiary Frogster Online Gaming GmbH was merged into Gameforge Berlin AG. Frogster America Inc. was renamed to Gameforge America Inc. Frogster Pacific GmbH to Gameforge Pacific GmbH.
Starting 2011, an increasing saturation of the entire industry began to spread. Though sales still made up EUR 133 million in 2010, in 2011 it rose only to EUR 140 million. This was despite the number of players rising by a third from 200 million (August 2010) to 300 million (August 2011). The result was the dismissal of 100 employees in November 2011, as well as the shutdown of recently launched games Hellbreed and Mythos. Production of the much-anticipated Star Trek: Infinite Space was postponed and, after an unsuccessful search for a co-publisher, finally stopped a year later. Frogster even had a sales decline of 16% on the previous year. Competitors such as Zynga and Bigpoint also had similar problems, leading to layoffs and closures of subsidiaries and games.
In January 2012, Gameforge sold subsidiary Chili Entertainment GmbH to Hitfox for an undisclosed amount. The online advertising portal Ad2Games was sold with it.
In the second half of 2012, Gameforge ventured into the mobile games market. This began with five "first generation" games, all very similar in gameplay. These games are free of charge to download and finance themselves via a built-in shop and micropayment system. In early 2013, Crystal Runner: The Forgotten Caves, a more complex “second generation” mobile title, was published. Players had to pay a fee for installation. Mobile games were already contributing several million euros to consolidated revenues in 2013.
Furthermore, Special Force II became the first shooter the company has ever licensed. In May 2012, the company released TERA, which started as a pay-to-play title with monthly costs for game access, and was then converted to the company's usual free-to-play model in February 2013. Until that point, all games that the company offered (with the exception of one single mobile game) were free to play and financed through micro transactions.
In November 2012, it was announced that the marketing departments of offices in Berlin and Karlsruhe were to be merged, leading to 20 jobs being cut within marketing, PR and business development. In the same month, the company announced a separation from the former CEO of Frogster Online Gaming GmbH, Seth Iorio. A closure of the Berlin site was not considered. On April 22, 2013, Gameforge revealed that the location in Berlin was to be dissolved from the 30th of September 2013. Organizational and economic motives were stated as reasons. CEO Alexander Rösner announced that the remaining 150 (approx.) employees were offered continued employment at the Karlsruhe offices.
In 2008, Gameforge won the Red Herring 100 Europe Award as the only German game company. Additionally, the two founders and former CEOs Klaas Kersting and Alexander Rösner were elected entrepreneurs of the year in 2008.
In 2016, Gameforge announced the layoff of approximately 90 employees, mostly from its mobile division, as it shifts its focus away from the mobile platform. CEO Alexander Rösner explained that the shift was being born out of increased opportunity in the Free-to-play marketplace. Previous to the layoffs, it was reported that Gameforge was unsuccessful in the mobile market. As of July 2018, the company employs 300 people.
In the summer of 2018 as well as summer of 2019, Gameforge supported the Schlosslichtspiele of Karlsruhe as a Main Partner and got to use the palace's facade as a giant canvas projecting digital artwork enjoyed by hundreds of thousands of guests that visited the palace grounds.
In January 2022, Gameforge announced the company's first partnership with an indie developer, the Russian studio Sernur.Tech, to release Trigon: Space Story, a single-player roguelike videogame. Six months later, Gameforge announced another single-player roguelite and partnership with an indie studio, Whiteboard Games, to release the twin-stick shooter I See Red.
Awards
In the years 2008 and 2009, Gameforge won the Technology Fast 50 Award. While Gameforge won the award in the category "Rising Stars" in 2008, the company was already entered in the normal category in 2009 and was able to reach second place with a 5-year growth of 6261.19 or 19 percent, more than 2000 percent ahead of Bigpoint GmbH, their closest competitor. Likewise, Gameforge won two Stevie Awards as the "Most Innovative Company of the Year in Europe" and "Best New Product or Service of the Year - Media & Entertainment " in 2009 and was able to prevail against Bigpoint. In the same year, the company won the "Technology Pioneer" award presented by the World Economic Forum Davos.
In 2010, Gameforge was named "TOP JOB: Top Employer" and "Great Place to Work" in the context of "100 Best Companies to Work for in Germany 2010".
In 2011, “Computerwoche” placed Alexander Rösner at number 42 of the 100 "most important figures in the German IT". In addition, Gameforge won a "Stevie International Business Award" for the games portal Gameforge.com as well as a "Distinguished Honoree" award for the Star Trek: Infinite Space trailer.
In 2012, further awards followed, with the Red Herring Award and the Silver Award at the International Business Awards (Stevies)
In 2019, Gameforge was found among the winners of this year's Great Place to Work® competition for the Best Employers in Baden-Württemberg as well as one of the best ITC companies in Germany and received the Great Place to Work® certification.
Current games
References
External links
Gameforge AG (German branch)
Gameforge Productions INC. (U.S. branch)
Video game companies of Germany
Companies established in 2003
Browser-based game websites
Gaming miniatures companies
Companies based in Baden-Württemberg
Companies based in Karlsruhe
2Pie Island is the first and only album by British electronica group 2 Bit Pie, considered to be an incarnation of Fluke. The instrumental version of "Here I Come" was featured in the Electronic Arts video games Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 and The Sims Pet Stories.
Track listing
References
Fluke (band) albums
One Little Independent Records albums
2006 debut albums
Mohamed Negm (; 15 January 1944 – 5 June 2019) was an Egyptian actor and comedian.
Career
Negm began his career in the 1960s with the troupe of iconic theatre director and actor Abdel-Monim Madbouly. Thene started acting in 1970 with small roles in cinema and television then he founded his own theatre which bears his name.
One of his most famous plays is Cuckoo's Nest. He is considered a landmark in comedy. Negm put on dozens of other plays, including One Wife is Enough (Zawga Waheda Takfi) (1979) starring Salah Zulfikar earning him fame, but Cuckoo's Nest (Esh El-Maganeen) (1979), with Hassan Abdeen and Laila Elwi, has always been one of his most popular, and it was staged for over three years. The comedian gave many classic performances including in Hekayty Ma'a El-Zaman, Moled Ya Donia, Bamba Kashar, and many others.
Death
He died on 5 June 2019 due to a stroke, at the age of 75.
References
1944 births
2019 deaths
Egyptian male stage actors
Egyptian comedians
Male comedians
20th-century Egyptian male actors
20th-century comedians
21st-century Egyptian male actors
21st-century comedians
People from Zagazig
The white-bellied erpornis (Erpornis zantholeuca) or simply erpornis is a species of bird. It is the only member of the genus Erpornis. This bird is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy
Formerly placed in Yuhina and often still misleadingly called "white-bellied yuhina", it is the most distinct member of this "genus" in its obsolete paraphyletic delimitation. It is by no means closely related to the Timaliidae (Old World babblers), where most of the former members of Yuhina are still placed. The Timaliidae are members of the superfamily Sylvioidea in infraorder Passeri, whereas the erpornis is the closest relative of the vireos (Vireonidae), which are a more ancient lineage of songbirds. Indeed, it now is usually included in the Vireonidae as one of their few Old World representatives.
Several subspecies are recognised: E. z zantholeuca, E. z tyrannula, E. z griseiloris, E. z sordida, E. z canescens, E. z interposita, E. z saani and E. z brunnescens.
Description
In its coloration, morphology and acrobatic habits, this bird resembles a vireo quite a lot. However, it has a prominent crest like many yuhinas, which together with the unusual biogeography has served to obscure its true relationships for a long time. The crested head, back, wings and tail of this bird are olivaceous or golden brown while the underparts are white.
Erpornis possesses well-developed musculature for gaping or opening the bill forcefully and may use this to pry bark from trees to seek insects.
Status
The white-bellied erpornis is listed by the IUCN as being of "Least Concern" as it has a very wide range and is common within much of that range. It is estimated that there may be 10,000 to 100,000 breeding pairs in China and a similar number in Taiwan.
See also
Black-capped donacobius and
Wrentit, New World members of the Sylvioidea which are the closest relatives of (or belong to) the Old World Megaluridae and Sylviidae, respectively
Shrike-babblers, genus Pteruthius; traditionally placed in the Timaliidae but perhaps the closest living relatives of the Erpornis
References
white-bellied erpornis
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of South China
Birds of Taiwan
white-bellied erpornis
white-bellied erpornis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Hundred of Yackamoorundie is a cadastral unit of hundred in the County of Stanley, South Australia.
The main town of the hundred is Yacka, which was named after the hundred, the hundred in turn being named after Yackamoorundie Creek. The bounded locality of Gulnare, which overlaps the hundred's northern border is the only other town or locality within the hundred. Rising north of Caltowie in the Hundred of Caltowie, the Yackamoorundie Creek, a tributary of the Rocky River, flows briefly through the hundred near Gulnare, at which point it makes a significant change from flowing southwards to flowing westwards.
The indigenous place name yackamoorundie or jakaramurundi is officially thought to mean "sister to the big river", the Yackamoorundie Creek flowing from this point on a roughly parallel course to the bigger River Broughton, which passes east to west through the centre of the hundred and ultimately receives the Yackamoorundie Creek flows. South Australian historian Geoffrey Manning instead records that the place name means "sandy plain country" and suggests a completely different etymology for the town of Yacka.
History
The hundred was proclaimed on 18 February 1869 by Governor James Fergusson. In 1888 the hundred was annexed by the District Council of Georgetown, bringing local government to the hundred. In 1988 the Georgetown council became part of the new District Council of Rocky River by amalgamation with neighbouring councils. Then, in 1997, the Rocky River council itself amalgamated with the Jamestown and the Spalding councils, bringing the hundred under local governance of the new Northern Areas Council.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Yackamoorundie
Pterostylis leptochila, commonly known as the Ravensthorpe rufous greenhood or narrow-lipped rustyhood is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. Both flowering and non-flowering plants have a relatively large rosette of leaves. Flowering plants also have up to five large translucent white flowers with olive green and brown lines and markings and a narrow, insect-like labellum.
Description
Pterostylis leptochila is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a rosette of between six and ten leaves. The leaves are long and wide. Flowering plants have a rosette at the base of the flowering stem but the leaves are usually withered by flowering time. Up to five or more translucent white, olive green and brown flowers, long and wide are borne on a flowering spike tall. The dorsal sepal and petals form a hood or "galea" over the column with the dorsal sepal having a narrow tip long. The lateral sepals turn downwards, slightly wider than the galea and suddenly taper to narrow tips long which turn forward and spread apart from each other. The labellum is fleshy, greenish-brown and insect-like, long, about wide and covered with short hairs. Flowering occurs from September to November.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis leptochila was first formally described in 1989 by Mark Clements and David Jones from a specimen collected near Ravensthorpe and the description was published in Australian Orchid Research. The specific epithet (leptochila) is derived from the Ancient Greek words leptos meaning "fine" or "small" and cheilos meaning "lip" or "rim" referring to the narrow labellum of this orchid.
Distribution and habitat
The Ravensthorpe rufous greenhood grows in rocky soil in woodland and shrubland between Jerramungup and Ravensthorpe in the Esperance Plains and Mallee biogeographic regions.
Conservation
Pterostylis leptochila is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.
References
leptochila
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Western Australia
Plants described in 1989
D.A.V. P.G. College, Lucknow is a Government-aided degree college affiliated to the University of Lucknow. The college has its origin in a school started in the premises of Arya Samaj temple in Ganeshganj locality in 1918. In 1926, the school shifted to the present premises, and graduate classes were started in 1956.
Spread over 25 acres, the main campus is situated in Arya Nagar, near Naka Hindola, 1 km from Charbagh Railway Station. It offers graduate courses in Arts, Law and Science stream. It also offers Master courses for Arts and Law streams. It has two campuses, one for Law and another for Arts And Science. In 2012, India Today placed the college amongst top 5 "Best Science Colleges in Lucknow".
See also
Arya Samaj
References
External links
Law schools in Uttar Pradesh
Universities and colleges in Lucknow
University of Lucknow
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Arya Samaj
Educational institutions established in 1956
1956 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Gilmer County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 28,292. The county seat is Ellijay. It was based on a historic Cherokee town also spelled as Elejoy in the eighteenth century. The county was created on December 3, 1832 and was named for George Rockingham Gilmer, a politician who served two non-consecutive terms as governor of the state. Gilmer County is home of the annual Apple Festival, which is held in mid-October. Ninety percent of the land is in cropland and forest. Poultry raising and processing makes up the largest portion of the agricultural economy, which generates 33.2% of the total revenues. Manufacturing is about 20%.
History
This was long inhabited by cultures of indigenous peoples. It was part of the homeland of the Cherokee. They had a village, Elatseyi, meaning "new ground". Other sources say it means "green place". It was sometimes spelled "Elejoy" on 18th century colonial maps. It was located at the confluence of the Ellijay and Cartecay rivers, which create the Coosawattee River. The later European-American town of Ellijay developed at this site.
In 1832, Gilmer County was organized as Georgia started to encroach on Cherokee territory. Ellijay was designated as the county seat in 1834.
On 12 January 1854, parts of Gilmer County as well as parts of neighboring Union County were taken to form the newly created Fannin County, Georgia.
This is still a primarily rural county, with agriculture and forests supporting the economy. It also has a growing tourist sector, some based on whitewater kayaking and canoeing on the rivers in the area.
Economy
Farming is still important, although, by 2002, the amount of land in the county devoted to agriculture had declined to 24.7 thousand acres. Most farms are sized at 10-49 acres, or 50-179 acres. Poultry raising and processing make up the largest portion of the agricultural economy. Agriculture and directly related businesses, such as landscape services, generate $565.1 million, or 33.2% of the county's economic output. Manufacturing generates $351.4 million, or 20.6%.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water. The county is located in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
The vast majority of Gilmer County is located in the Coosawattee River sub-basin in the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin). Three very small parts of the eastern and northern edges of the county are located in the Conasauga River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin, while slightly larger portions of the northern and eastern border areas of Gilmer County are located in the Ocoee River sub-basin of the Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin.
Adjacent counties
Fannin County (north)
Dawson County (southeast)
Pickens County (south)
Gordon County (southwest)
Murray County (west)
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 76
State Route 2
State Route 5
State Route 52
State Route 136
State Route 282
State Route 382
State Route 515
Secondary highways
Old S.R. 5
Yukon Road
Burnt Mountain Road (Old S.R. 108)
Boardtown Road
Big Creek Road
Doublehead Gap Road
Whitestone Road
Conasauga Road
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 23,456 people, 9,071 households, and 6,694 families living in the county. Estimates now put the population closer to 40,000 people. The population density was 55 people per square mile (21/km2). There were 11,924 housing units at an average density of 28 per square mile (11/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.63% White, 0.27% Black or African American, 0.46% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.26% Pacific Islander, 3.76% from other races, and 1.39% from two or more races. 7.74% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,071 households, out of which 30.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.10% were married couples living together, 8.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.20% were non-families. 22.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.30% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 28.50% from 25 to 44, 25.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 103.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,330, and the median income for a family was $41,805. Males had a median income of $31,217 versus $24,020 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,117. About 17.8% of families and 23.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.6% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 28,292 people, 11,314 households, and 8,000 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 16,564 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.3% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 5.2% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin, of any race, made up 9.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, non-Hispanic people identified as 18.7% being Irish, 17.3% American, 16.3% of English ancestry, and 13.4% were German.
Of the 11,314 households, 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.3% were non-families, and 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.92. The median age was 43.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,741 and the median income for a family was $45,317. Males had a median income of $32,177 versus $27,288 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,439. About 12.4% of families and 18.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 31,353 people, 12,021 households, and 8,028 families residing in the county.
Government and politics
Gilmer County is governed by a three-member Board of Commissioners. The current board Chairman is Charlie Paris. The Post 1 Commissioner is Hubert Parker and the Post 2 Commissioner is Karleen Ferguson . Other current government officials include: Sheriff, Stacy Nicholson; Probate Judge, Scott Chastain; Magistrate Judge, Kevin Johnson; Clerk of Court, Amy Johnson; Tax Commissioner, Rebecca Marshall; Coroner, Jerry Hensley. All are members of the Republican Party.
Some of the past Chairmen of the Board of Commissioners include J.C. Sanford (2011-2014), Mark Chastain (2009–2010), Jerry Farist (2005–2008), and Rayburn Smith (1997–2004). Merle Howell served as the first chairman of the three-member board starting on January 1, 1996. She was recalled by the voters of Gilmer County, who elected Rayburn Smith in July 1997.
Up until 1988, Gilmer County was governed by a sole commissioner. Cicero Logan served as commissioner from 1946 until 1959. Harold Hefner was elected in 1958 and served from 1959 until 1972. Gilmer County's last sole commissioner was Benjamin N. Whitaker who served from 1973 until 1988.
In 1988, Gilmer County changed to a five-member board of commissioners who then hired a “county manager” to run day-to-day operations of the county. The first five-member board included Mack Logan, Ruel Reece, Garvin Davis Jr., John Penland, and Charles Aaron. Jim Bailey served as county manager.
Politics
The voters of Gilmer, like neighboring Rabun, Towns, Pickens and Fannin counties, were different in their historic partisan preferences from other parts of Georgia. Since the post-Civil War period, it had a competitive Republican party. At the turn of the 20th century, the disfranchisement of most blacks in Georgia resulted in the state's white conservatives voting mostly for Democratic candidates at the state and national level. In contrast, these northern Georgia counties voted for Republican presidential candidates in several early 20th-century elections.
Attractions
Gilmer County is home to an impressive specimen of yellow poplar known colloquially as "the big poplar". This particular specimen is 100 feet tall and approximately 20 feet in circumference at its base. The tree can be accessed via Bear Creek Trail in the Chattahoochee National Forest.
Communities
Cities
Ellijay
East Ellijay
Census-designated place
Cherry Log
Unincorporated communities
Ai
Tails Creek
Whitepath
Yukon
In popular culture
James Dickey's novel Deliverance was set on a fictional river modeled on the Coosawattee, prior to the construction of the dam producing Carters Lake. It was adapted as a 1972 thriller movie of the same name. It was filmed further north in the state, in Rabun County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gilmer County, Georgia
References
External links
http://www.gilmercounty-ga.gov/
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1832 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1832
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Red and Rio Grande is the first studio album from country music artist Doug Supernaw. It was released on April 27, 1993 via BNA Records. It produced four singles for Supernaw on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, the highest being "I Don't Call Him Daddy" (previously recorded by Kenny Rogers on his album I Prefer the Moonlight) at No. 1.
Critical reception
Michael McCall of Allmusic rated the album four-and-a-half stars out of five, citing "I Don't Call Him Daddy" as an "anthem" for divorced fathers. Joseph Stanley of Cash Box called it a "solid, well made album", highlighting the first five songs in particular.
Track listing
"Honky Tonkin' Fool" (Aaron Barker) - 3:16
"I Don't Call Him Daddy" (Reed Nielsen) - 3:47
"Reno" (Tim Buckley, Doug Supernaw, Joe Deleon, Kenny King, Allen Huff, Justin White, Don Crider) - 3:33
"The Perfect Picture (To Fit My Frame of Mind)" (Bucky Jones, Bob McDill) - 3:23
"Five Generations of Rock County Wilsons" (John Scott Sherrill) - 3:45
"Red and Rio Grande" (Lonnie Atkinson, Supernaw) - 4:00
"You're Gonna Bring Back Cheatin' Songs" (Tom Shapiro, Chris Waters) - 3:10
"I Would Have Loved You All Night Long" (Glenn Martin) - 3:20
"Daddy's Girl" (Rick Robertson, Supernaw) - 3:21
"Carousel" (Supernaw) - 2:48
Personnel
Doug Supernaw: Lead Vocals
Michael Black, Harry Stinson, Doug Supernaw, Mervyn Warren, Chris Willis, Dennis Wilson, Curtis Young: Background Vocals
Larry Byrom, Billy Joe Walker, Jr.: Acoustic Guitar
Steve Gibson, Larry Byrom, Billy Joe Walker Jr.: Electric Guitar
Sonny Garrish: Pedal Steel Guitar
Glen Duncan: Fiddle
Terry McMillan: Harmonica
Mitch Humphries: Piano
Mitch Humphries, Carl Marsh: Keyboards
David Hungate: Bass guitar
Eddie Bayers: Drums
Production
Produced By Richard Landis
Engineered By Chuck Ainlay & Csaba Petocz, with assistance by Todd Culross & Craig White
Mixed By Chuck Ainlay & Graham Lewis
Mastered By Glenn Meadows
Chart performance
Album
Singles
References
1993 debut albums
BNA Records albums
Doug Supernaw albums
Albums produced by Richard Landis
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Omega1 Tauri}}
Omega1 Tauri is a solitary, orange hued star in the zodiac constellation of Taurus. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +5.51. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 11.22 mas as seen from Earth, it is located about 290 light years from the Sun.
This is an evolved K-type giant star with a stellar classification of K2 III. At the estimated age of 4.2 billion years, it is a red clump star that is generating energy by helium fusion at its core. Omega1 Tauri has about 1.5 times the mass of the Sun and has expanded to around 12 times the Sun's radius. It is radiating 57.5 times the Sun's luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 4,737 K. The radial velocity of this star shows no appreciable variation, and for this reason it is used as a radial velocity standard.
References
K-type giants
Horizontal-branch stars
Tauri, Omega
Taurus (constellation)
BD+19 0672
Tauri, 43
026162
019388
1283
"Open" is a song recorded by American singer Mýa. Following the visual releases of "With You" and "Down," Mýa decided to gift her fans with the solo version of "Open" for their support of her thirteenth studio project. "Open" serves as the sixth single taken from TKO (The Knock Out) (2018). A trap-influenced R&B midtempo song, it was written by Mýa and Billy Wes with production handled by frequent collaborator MyGuyMars.
"Open" was released May 13, 2019.
Background and composition
Initially, Mýa met rapper GoldLink through his manager. GoldLink and his team was looking for a singer to record a collaboration for his debut album. Originally, the track was due to feature Amerie, however upon hearing Mýa, GoldLink and his team were sold on the idea of using her vocals. After their collaboration, "Roll Call," which was featured on his album At What Cost (2017). Mýa reached out and reunited with GoldLink on "Open," a song featured on her thirteenth studio project, TKO (The Knock Out) (2018). While the album's version features rapper GoldLink, Mýa decided to gift fans with the solo version for their support of her thirteenth studio project.
Described as "breezy", "Open" is a midtempo "atmospheric trap-flavored R&B" song written by Mýa and Billy Wes with production helmed by frequent collaborator MyGuyMars which samples an interpolation of the composition "My Life" by Mary J. Blige. "Open" is performed in the key of D♭ major. The song's tempo is set at a moderate beat at 91 beats per minute in common time.
Release
In preparation of the release, Mýa announced on her official Instagram account "Open" was available for preview and pre-order beginning May 6, 2019. The following week, "Open" was officially released May 13, 2019.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Qobuz.
Mýa – vocals, songwriting
Billy Wes – songwriting
Lamar "Mars" Edwards – composer
Release history
References
2018 songs
2019 singles
Mýa songs
Songs written by Mýa
Almira Hershey (November 14, 1843 – March 6, 1930) was a civic leader, businesswoman, property developer, Hollywood hotel proprietor, and philanthropist.
Early life
Almira, better known as Mira, was the fourth and youngest daughter of Benjamin Hershey (1813–1893), a lumber and farming magnate. She was born in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, but her family moved to Muscatine, Iowa, in 1853. Her sisters were Mary Amanda, Elizabeth, and Sara. Elizabeth died at the age of 14 and Mary Amanda died at the age of 37. She was distantly related to Milton S. Hershey, founder of The Hershey Company.
Education
Mira Hershey attended Pennsylvania Female College, located near Philadelphia in Collegeville, Pennsylvania. Assuming Mira Hershey went to college in her late teens or early 20s, she would have been at the college in the mid- to late-1860s, that is, during the Civil War. It is not known if Hershey received a degree.
Opened in 1853, Pennsylvania Female College is said to have been the first regularly chartered non-denominational college for women in the United States with degree-conferring powers. (Vassar, Smith, Wellesley, and Bryn Mawr were all established later, and older women's colleges tended to be seminaries connected with religious institutions.) According to the college's 1868 catalogue, “The first importance is given to the solid branches, and studies of an Educational character.” These “solid branches” consisted of Greek and Latin, mathematics, astronomy, natural history, chemistry, anatomy/physiology, philosophy, and logic. The college also made provision for “the ornamental branches” of education that were the standard fare of women's schools of the time—subjects like modern languages, music, art, needlework, and singing.
Early career
After completing her studies abroad, Mira Hershey worked for her father in the family lumber business from the 1870s until her father's death in 1893. Mira was left a substantial legacy by her father when he died.
Los Angeles years
Mira Hershey moved to Los Angeles in 1894. She purchased real estate on Bunker Hill and commissioned the building of a European-style mansion at 4th Street and Grand Avenue, which she occupied for ten years.
Sometime around 1906 she took a horse and buggy ride to Hollywood and visited the Hotel Hollywood. She was so impressed with the new hotel she decided to buy it. It turned out to be a great asset because the fledgling movie industry was developing quickly and the Hotel Hollywood became the temporary residence of almost all the top actors and movie moguls. It was so successful that Mira Hershey had the hotel extended so that it took up the complete block on the north side of Hollywood Boulevard between Highland and Orchid Avenues. She added beautiful gardens to the frontage and inner courtyard. The hotel became a favorite tourist attraction on the Balloon Route trolley car service. Sometime in the 1920s, the name of the hotel changed to the Hollywood Hotel.
Mira Hershey went on to build two more hotels. The Hershey Arms Hotel on Wilshire Boulevard was the first hotel built on this important street. She also built a hotel in the Naples area of Long Beach, California, called the Naples Hotel. She sold this hotel just before the great financial crash of 1929 before any guests had stayed there.
Later years
Mira Hershey never married. She spent her later years at the Hotel Hollywood with friends.
Death
Mira Hershey died on March 6, 1930, having suffered a stroke a few days earlier. A funeral service was held at Hollywood Cemetery Chapel under the auspices of the Humanist Society, of which Mira Hershey was a member. She was cremated and her ashes were taken to Muscatine, Iowa, for burial in the family plot.
Philanthropy
Mira Hershey made several gifts to her hometown of Muscatine, Iowa, including:
Lutheran Home for the Aged and Orphaned Children (gift made in 1895)
The Benjamin Hershey Memorial Hospital (opened June 26, 1902)
Mira Hershey made numerous gifts during her lifetime to institutions in Los Angeles most significantly Good Hope Hospital Association, later the Good Hope Medical Foundation, incorporated in 1925 with a founding gift of around $1,000,000
In Mira Hershey's estate, whose total value was around $6,000,000, she made the following bequests:
$300,000 for the construction of a women's dormitory at UCLA
$100,000 for the establishment of a loan fund for needy students at UCLA
$50,000 for the McKinley home for Boys
$25,000 for the Southwest Museum
$25,000 for the Los Angeles County Museum
$25,000 for the Maternity Cottage
$25,000 for the Los Angeles Orphan Asylum
$10,000 for the Orthopedic Foundation
$10,000 for the Children's Hospital
$10,000 for Resthaven
$5000 to the Young Women's Christian Association
$5000 to the Academy of Science
Bequest to UCLA
A year before her death in 1930, Mira Hershey added to her will a bequest of $300,000 to UCLA to support the construction of Hershey Hall, a residence for women students, the university's first on-campus dormitory. The Westwood campus had opened the year before, in 1929, and consisted of only four buildings. Why Mira Hershey chose to make such a large gift to the young campus is a matter of speculation. However, Hershey's lawyer knew UC Regent Edward Dickson, and visited his office in the late 1920s during early construction on the Westwood campus. It is not known whether Regent Dickson formally proposed the idea of Hershey's supporting the new campus, but given Hershey's unusual standing as a woman with a college education, combined with her activities as a property developer and philanthropist, the fit was a natural one. It is also the case that Mira Hershey lived in proximity to UCLA's two educational antecedents: (1) the Los Angeles Branch of the California State Normal School founded in 1881 and lasting until 1919; and (2) the Southern Branch of the University of California, which operated from 1919 until 1927, when the school was renamed The University of California at Los Angeles. Mira Hershey's first home on Bunker Hill was a block from the Normal School. Her second home at the Hotel Hollywood was about 5 miles from the Southern Branch.
In the early 1920s, Mira Hershey served on the Advisory Board of the Philharmonic Orchestra of Los Angeles, founded by William Andrews Clark, Jr., who deeded his purpose-built library, the William Andrews Clark Memorial Library, to the Southern Branch of the University of California in 1926.
Mira Hershey Hall UCLA
Mira Hershey Hall opened in October of 1931 for 137 residents. In 1959, the "West Wing Addition" opened for male students. Together, the two wings housed 327 residents. In 1969, Mira Hershey hall became coed housing for graduate students, though only women were ever allowed to live in the original 1931 building. The Northridge earthquake of 1994 caused considerable damage to the West Wing Addition and it was deemed unsafe for residential use. In 1998, Hershey Hall was converted from residential to academic uses, providing offices and classrooms. In 2006, the West Wing was demolished and, in its place, two towers of the Terasaki Life Sciences Building were built, opening in 2012. Following seismic reinforcement, repairs, and upgrades, Mira Hershey Hall reopened for administrative uses in the Life Sciences in 2012.
Sources
https://web.archive.org/web/20090418175321/http://www.myancestralfile.com/hershey/pafg01.htm
http://www.onbunkerhill.org/
Early Hollywood by Marc Wanamaker and Robert W. Nudelman.
The Story of Hollywood by Gregory Paul Williams.
References
American real estate businesspeople
American women in business
American hoteliers
Businesspeople from Los Angeles
1843 births
1930 deaths
American philanthropists
Businesspeople from Iowa
People from Muscatine, Iowa
Women hoteliers
Kancheepuram Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the city of Kancheepuram in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Inaugurated on 21 October 2021 covering an area of 36.14 Sqkm and an estimated population of more than 3,00,000 in 2021. It is headed by Mayor who presides over 51 councillors, each of whom represents one of the 51 wards of the city and executive is governed by Municipal Commissioner. Located about 75 km from Chennai in Tamilnadu state of southern India, Kanchipuram is a temple City renowned for its majestic temple architecture and Silk sarees. Of the 108 holy temples of the Hindu god Vishnu (DivyaDesams), 14 are located in Kanchipuram. In ancient time the city was a hub for religious education and was known as the ghatikasthanam, or "place of learning".
History and Administration
Kancheepuram Municipal Corporation was formed in the year 2021 and is one of 21 municipal corporations in Tamil Nadu. The place is driven spiritually through many important spiritual places linked to several ancient Vaishnavite and Saivite temples with continuous inflow of visitors.
Kancheepuram Municipal Corporation a Commissioner Mayor, a Council, a Standing Committee, a Wards Committee for facilitating various works.
Currently the Municipal Commissioner is G. Kannan I.A.S
Factors driving Kancheepuram Municipal Corporation
Kancheepuram Municipal Corporation is driven by following factors:
Population Growth.
Increase in annual Income.
Improvement of Roads.
Providing drinking water.
Improving landscape.
Improving employment opportunities.
Improving relations between police and public.
Waste Management.
Arranging facilities during natural calamities.
Establishing industrial units.
Providing sewage connection.
Municipal Elections
In the 2022 urban polls, the DMK-led Secular Progressive Alliance won 32 of the 51 wards in the Kancheepuram Municipal Corporation. M. Mahalakshmi, the DMK councillor from Ward 9, became the first Mayor of the city. R. Kumaragurunaathan is the first deputy mayor of the kanchipuram corporation.
See also
List of Municipal Corporations in India.
References
External links
https://www.tnurbantree.tn.gov.in/kancheepuram/
Municipal corporations in Tamil Nadu
Kanchipuram
Rainer Strecker (born 25 October 1965) is a German actor.
Life
Strecker trained as an actor at the Otto-Falckenberg-Schule in Munich.
Awards
Selected filmography
Audio
Rainer Strecker spricht die Hörbuchreihe der Tintenwelt, sowie die Reckless Spiegelwelt Reihe, von Cornelia Funke. Des Weiteren liest er das Hörbuch Drachenreiter, ebenfalls von Cornelia Funke und andere Kinderbücher von unterschiedlichen Autoren.
Theatre
References
External links
Agency Velvet
Vip.de
1965 births
Living people
German male film actors
German male television actors
The 1945 Copa Ramírez Final (also named Campeonato de la República) was the final match to decide the winner of the Copa General Pedro Ramírez, the 3rd. (and last) edition of this Argentine national cup organised by the AFA. The final was contested by Estudiantes de La Plata and Boca Juniors.
In the match, played at Estadio Gasómetro in Boedo, ended in a 4–4, therefore a playoff was scheduled to define a champion. It was played almost 9 months later in the same venue, with Estudiantes winning the match 1–0 and crowning champion of the competition.
Qualified teams
Overview
The cup was contested by 42 teams. The four Primera División teams that had been semifinalist in the previous editions were elegibles to participate, plus other clubs from Regional leagues. Teams were divided into four groups (by Province), playing each other in a single round-robin tournament.
Primera División teams entered directly to quarter finals. In the caso of Boca Juniors, the squad beat Sarmiento de Junín 3–2 (as visitor) and Racing 21 at Ferro C. Oeste. On the other hand, Estudiantes LP defeated Sarmiento de Resistencia 1–0 in Resistencia, Chaco and Estudiantes de Santiago del Estero 3–1 (also as visitor).
The final was played at San Lorenzo de Almagro's venue on March 24, 1945. With 15 left, Boca Juniors was leading 3–1 but Estudiantes reacted and scored 3 goals within 5 minutes. With only one minute to play, Jaime Sarlanga scored the last goal for the 4–4 final. With no winner after an extra time, a playoff was scheduled to define the champion. The match was finally played on December 18, 1945 in the same venue. With Estudiantes winning 1–0 (goal by Manuel Pelegrina, the match was suspended on 83' and the trophy was awarded to Estudiantes. Pelegrina was also the most notable player of Estudiantes, having scored 4 goals in the series.
Match details
Final
|
|}
Playoff
|
|}
References
1945 in Argentine football
r
r
Football in Buenos Aires
Batsheva Kerem (born 1955), is an Israeli geneticist who was on the research team that identified and cloned the CFTR gene, which when mutated, is responsible for causing cystic fibrosis (CF). She later established the Israel National Center for CF Genetic Research. She discovered the most prevalent cystic fibrosis-causing mutations among the Israeli population, allowing for the establishment of nationwide genetic screening programs to identify carriers of these mutations and enabling prenatal diagnoses. She researches how some CF mutations prevent CFTR protein production by causing nonsense-mediated decay and abnormal mRNA splicing, and how therapies might be able to counteract those problems. She also studies the role of genetic instability in cancer. She is currently a professor at the Hebrew University.
Early life and education
Batsheva Kerem was born in Tel-Aviv in 1955 and raised in Israel. She served as an IDF officer in the military. She received a B.Sc. with distinction in biology from the Hebrew University in 1979, followed by a Ph.D. from the direct doctoral program of Hebrew University's Department of Genetics in 1986. Her Ph.D work was supervised by Menashe Marcus and Howard Cedar. She did a brief post doctoral fellowship with Tamar Schaap in the Department of Genetics at Jerusalem's Hadassah Medical School, from 1986-1987. She then moved to Canada for further postdoctoral training at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, Canada (commonly known as SickKids), where she worked in the laboratory of Lap-Chee Tsui from 1987-1990.
Career
Kerem has spent her career at the Hebrew University. She was hired as a senior lecturer in 1990, at which time she established the Israel National Center for CF Genetic Research. She was promoted to associate professor in 1998 and Full Professor in 2003. She established the National Genomic Knowledge Center at Hebrew University's Institute of Life Sciences and served as its chair from 2000-2014. She served as the Head of Authority for research students from 2007-2011. She was appointed President Advisor for Promotion of Women in Science in 2013. She is a member of the European Research Council (ERC) for advanced scientists and has served on the editorial board of the European Journal of Human Genetics and EMBO Reports. She was appointed President of the Genetic Society of Israel in 2007.
Research
Kerem helped identify the gene behind cystic fibrosis, the CFTR gene (short for cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator), which was found to be an ion channel. This work was carried out when she was a postdoctoral fellow in the lab of Lap-Chee Tsui at the Hospital for Sick Children (SickKids) in Toronto, Canada, and was a collaboration between Tsui's lab, including fellow postdoctoral researcher Johanna Rommens, and a team of researchers led by Francis Collins at the University of Michigan. The CFTR gene was discovered through genetic linkage analysis involving looking for genetic markers that were present in patients with cystic fibrosis but not present in their non-affected relatives. Due to the phenomenon of recombination, whereby parts of chromosomes swap homologous segments during germ cell development, each chromosome a child inherits is a mix of the both of that parent's copies of that chromosome. Markers would only be consistently co-inherited with the gene behind cystic fibrosis if they were close together on the chromosome, so Kerem and other researchers used markers to find the approximate location of the gene. They then used a combination of chromosome walking and chromosome hopping or jumping to locate the CF gene, which they named cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR). Kerem helped identify the globally most common CFTR mutation, F508del, a deletion of the 508th amino acid (protein letter) in the CFTR protein, which is normally a phenylalanine (abbreviated F).
Part of her work at SickKids involved examining blood samples sent from around the world and, when looking at the CFTR gene in samples sent from Israeli patients, she found that they didn't carry any of the previously-identified mutations. She became intrigued so, when she moved back to Israel in September 1990, she collected blood from most Israeli CF patients and searched their CFTR genes for mutations. She discovered that about 60% of Israel's Ashkenazi Jewish CF patients had a nonsense mutation abbreviated as W1282X (signifying that the genetic instructions for 1282rd amino acid in the protein, which is normally a tryptophan (W), has been mutated to a stop signal (X)). This early stop signal, a premature termination codon (PTC), caused the production of truncated, dysfunctional CFTR protein. She published this finding in 1992 and in 1997, Israel's government introduced population carrier screening for it.
Much of Kerem's later contributions to cystic fibrosis research involves studying defects in the production of CFTR caused by premature termination and improper RNA splicing. In order to make a protein, a cell first makes RNA copies of the DNA gene for that protein. These RNA copies contain regulatory regions called introns which are removed in a process called RNA splicing in order to produce mature messenger RNAs (mRNAs) which are used by the cell's protein-making machinery (ribosomes and helpers) to make the corresponding protein in a process called translation. Certain CF-causing mutations, instead of affecting the CFTR protein's shape and functioning, affect how the messenger RNA (mRNA) copies of the genetic recipe for CFTR are processed, thus preventing CFTR protein from being made.
In addition to identifying and classifying the wide spectrum of CFTR mutations, Kerem studies how therapies might be able to counteract the problems present among the various classes. For example, Kerem researches how pharmaceutical compounds that promote read-through of these stop codons might be able to counteract problems caused by premature termination codon (PTC) mutations such as the W1282X she discovered was common among Ashkenazi Jewish patients. Additionally, she invented a discovery platform which serves as the basis of the biotechnology company SpliSense, which is working to develop antisense oligonucleotides (ASOs) to counteract mRNA splicing mutations by using small segments of DNA complementary to specific regions of the RNA in order to hide improper splice sites and promote proper splicing.
In the late 1990s she began studying chromosome structure and function. She has investigated genome instability and made significant contributions to knowledge of the involvement of frequent fragile sites in cancer.
Personal life
Batsheva Kerem is married to Dr. Eitan Kerem, head of the Division of Paediatrics at the Hadassah Medical Organization, who also researches cystic fibrosis. They have carried out collaborative research together, including the development of potential therapeutics. The reason Batsheva chose a postdoctoral fellowship in Tsui's lab at SickKids was in part because she and Eitan were looking for job opportunities where they would be able to work nearby one another. She carried out her groundbreaking CF research in Tsui's lab while a mother to two children. Batsheva has spoken out about gender inequality in science and, when she was one of the few women to receive an EMET Prize, she used the opportunity to advocate for better representation of women among prize recipients.
Honors
Julodan Prize for Contribution to Medicine (1993)
Teva Prize for Excellence in Human Genome Research (1993)
Joels Senior Lectureship for Excellence in Science (1996)
Abisch-Frenkel Prize for Excellence in Life Sciences (2004)
EMET Prize Laureate – Life Sciences: Genetics (2008)
Key publications
References
Molecular geneticists
1955 births
Israeli geneticists
Living people
The Concerto in C major, RV 558, otherwise known as "Concerto for Diverse Instruments" is an orchestral work by Antonio Vivaldi, written around 1740, with its premiere on the 21st of March of that year.
Analysis
The work is in 3 movements:
Allegro molto
Andante molto
Allegro
Instrumentation
Concertino: two recorders, two chalumeaux, two mandolins, two theorbos, two trombe marina violins and a cello.
Ripieno: Strings, Basso Continuo.
References
Concertos by Antonio Vivaldi
1740 compositions
Concertos for multiple instruments
Compositions in C major
Näsinneula (; ) is an observation tower in Tampere, Finland, overseeing Lake Näsijärvi. It was built in 1970–1971 and was designed by Pekka Ilveskoski. It is the tallest free-standing structure in Finland and at present the tallest observation tower in the Nordic countries at a height of . The tower opened in 1971 and is located in the Särkänniemi amusement park. There is a revolving restaurant in the tower above the ground; one revolution takes 45 minutes. The design of Näsinneula was inspired by the Space Needle in Seattle. The idea of a revolving restaurant was taken from the Puijo Tower, which is located in Kuopio, the city of North Savonia.
The base of the tower is at about of elevation from lake Näsijärvi. There are two elevators, which were changed to new Kone elevators in 2020. Before the update the elevators were manufactured by Valmet-Schliren. The elevators go up to a height of , to the Pilvilinna ("Cloud Castle") café. The restaurant (called Näsinneula) is one story higher.
The elevator ride to the top takes 27 seconds with a maximum speed of and the elevators carry a maximum of 16 people. The elevators are still the fastest public elevators in Finland. In the event of a blackout, the tower's own diesel emergency generator will start. In an emergency, people can be evacuated with stairs that have 700 steps.
Beacon lights at the top of the tower display a weather forecast:
Gallery
See also
Näsilinna
References
External links
Restaurant Näsinneula
Näsinneula – Official site
Towers completed in 1971
Buildings and structures in Tampere
Towers with revolving restaurants
Observation towers in Finland
Tourist attractions in Tampere
Frank Allen (28 June 1927 – 2014) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Chesterfield and Mansfield Town.
References
1927 births
2014 deaths
English footballers
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Merle Newport Boyer (9 May 1920 – 29 Aug 2009) was an American modernist studio art jeweler and sculptor, as well as inventor, machinist, teacher and mentor.
Life
Boyer was born in Portland, Oregon. He graduated from Bradley Polytechnic Institute in Peoria, Illinois, where he took courses in horology, engraving and jewelry design before moving to territorial Honolulu in 1940. There he began working for C. G. Benny as a watchmaker and engraver. He studied at the Honolulu Academy of Arts School, he presented his work in Academy-sponsored shows, exhibitions and demonstrations throughout the war years.
In 1949 and 1950 he participated in juried shows sponsored by the Honolulu Academy of Arts, winning recognition for his work in sculpture.
Boyer opened his first jewelry studio on Fort St. in downtown Honolulu in 1950, where he produced hand-wrought contemporary pieces in gold and silver under the name M.N. Boyer.
He was active in Hawai`i's craft and art community throughout the 1950's, serving as President and Vice President of the Hawaii Craft Association, and teaching courses in jewelry at the Honolulu Academy of Arts School.
Boyer Jewelers opened on Ke`eaumoku St. in 1956. He continued to produce custom pieces while developing original designs for the growing tourist market in Hawai`i. He moved his business to a one-man operation in 1974, working from Young Street in Honolulu. He retired his business in 1984. Boyer continued to create works for friends, family and loyal clients until 2008. In the 1990s Boyer returned to sculpture. Spending several months a year traveling throughout the US and in Canada, he created works on two scales. Inspired by Japanese netsuke, he carved dozens of small wearable art pieces in ivory and wood. An equal number of larger scale works in stone reflected his interest in abstract shapes and complex curves, as well as a lifelong interest with animal forms.
Modernist Jeweler
Boyerʻs pieces incorporated themes and techniques of the modernist studio art jewelry movement. He worked with a wide range of materials from precious metals to found bits of shell, stones and wood. He created works in gold and silver, precious and semi-precious stones, ivory and ebony, as well a variety of native Hawaiian woods, nuts and coral. Duane Preble, a University of Hawaii art history professor, notes the "highly sculptural" setting in a contemporary piece featured in his Art Forms.
Pieces using silver and baroque pearl and black coral are among his most widely circulated. Boyer used a variety of marks. Mid century pieces may be marked: Boyer, Hawaii, or Sterling, alone or in combination.
During the 1950ʻs and into the 1960ʻs Boyer participated in exhibitions highlighting the mid-century modernist work of studio jewelers, to include the American Jewelry and Related Objects in Huntington, West Virginia. and its subsequent traveling exhibition; the National Decorating Arts-Ceramics Exhibition in Wichita (the Wichita National); Fiber-Clay-Metal at the St. Paul Gallery and School of Art, St. Paul, MN; the Walker exhibition on paper, presented through Design Quarterly; and the Contemporary Craftsmen of the Far West at the Museum of Contemporary Crafts, NY in 1961, and its subsequent traveling show the following year.
His original pieces were sold in venues such as the John Young Gallery in Waikiki, where he took proprietorship in 1959, and Pocketbook Man at the Ala Moana Shopping Center.
His approach to his art is featured in the 1969 KHET TV special, “Metals,” part of the PBS series, Directions in Design.
His work was included in the 2005 show at the Honolulu Academy of Arts entitled, Jewelry of Hawaiʻi: Art and artifice in Paradise, curated by Carol Anne Dickson.
Exhibitions
1942: Oct 18-Nov 7, Honolulu Academy of Arts.
1943: Apr 13-May 2, Modern Jewelry and Metal Objects, Honolulu Academy of Arts.
1943: Oct 19-Nov 14, Juried Craft Exhibit, Honolulu Academy of Arts
1949: Mar 3-Mar 16, Juried Art Show; Honolulu Academy of Arts, Best sculpture, “Bird.”
1950: Feb 2-26, “Artists of Hawaii”, juried art show, Honolulu Academy of Arts; Honorable Mention - sculpture, “Mother and Child.”
1952: Mar 6-Apr 27, “Art in America Today”, Honolulu Academy of Art.
1953: “The Craftsmen Fair,” Honolulu Craftsmen Association.
1954: 9th National Decorating Arts-Ceramics Exhibition, Wichita Art Association, Wichita, KS.
1955: Walker Arts Center “Exhibition on Paper”. Design Quarterly 33 p. 17.
1955: Feb 6-27, 2nd American Jewelry and Related Objects, Huntington Galleries, Huntington W. VA.
1955: Fiber-Clay-Metal, St. Paul Gallery and School of Art, St. Paul, Minn.
1955, 1956, 1957: One Man Show; Library of Hawaii, Honolulu.
1956: John Young Gallery, Honolulu, HI.
1956-57: 2nd Exhibition of American Jewelry and Related Objects, traveling exhibition.
1961: Contemporary Craftsmen of the Far West; Museum of Contemporary Crafts, NY.
1962: Contemporary Craftsmen of the Far West, traveling exhibition:
Rochester Memorial Gallery, New York
Cincinnati Art Institute
Des Moines Art Center, Iowa
Museum of History and Industry, Seattle, Washington
1973: Daisy Gallery, Honolulu, Hawaii.
1973: May 1–3, Honolulu Academy of Arts
2005-2006: Oct 28-Feb 13, Jewelry of Hawaii: Art and Artifice in Paradise, Honolulu Academy of Arts.
References
1920 births
2009 deaths
American jewelry designers
American sculptors
Artists from Portland, Oregon
Aleec Harris (born October 31, 1990) is an American track and field hurdler.
Amateur career
From Atlanta, Georgia, Harris was a Georgia state champion in high school.
Harris competed for the USC Trojans and at Barton Community College. At Barton Community College he was a NJCAA champion in the 110 meter hurdles.
At the 2014 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships he finished 5th in the 60 meter hurdles.
At the 2014 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships he was runner-up in the 110 meter hurdles in a photo finish.
National and international career
At the 2014 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships Harris finished fourth in the 110 meter hurdles.
Harris won a senior national championship in the 60 meter hurdles at the 2015 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships.
At the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships Harris finished fourth in the 110 meter hurdles, beating Jeff Porter by .005 seconds. While normally the top three runners qualify for the world championships, the event winner (David Oliver) earned a bye to the world championships by virtue of being the defending world champion. Therefore, Harris earned the final spot in his event to the 2015 World Championships in Athletics.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Track and field athletes from Atlanta
American male hurdlers
African-American male track and field athletes
USC Trojans men's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Barton Cougars men's track and field athletes
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships winners
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Gughod (or Gugodh) is a village in Rewari mandal of Nahar Block of Kosli Subdivision , Rewari district, Haryana, India. It is from Kosli Subdivision Headquarter on the approach Road.
Demographics
As of 2011 India census, Gughod had a population of 2431 in 492 households. Males (1275) constitute 52.44% of the population and females (1156) 47.55%. Gughod has an average literacy (1673) rate of 68.81%, lower than the national average of 74%: male literacy (1007) is 60.19%, and female literacy (666) is 39.8%. In Gughod, 12.91% of the population is under 6 years of age (314).
References
Villages in Rewari district
Porta San Giovanni may refer to
Porta San Giovanni (Padua)
Porta San Giovanni (Rome)
Porta San Giovanni (San Gimignano)
"There's a Tear in My Beer" is a country song written and recorded by Hank Williams, and later re-recorded by his son in 1988.
Original version
The original version was written and recorded by Hank Williams during one of his Nashville sessions in 1950-51, but he decided against releasing it. It was not until many years later, in 1989, that the original song would get its first official release. The song was recorded by Bill Lister, who later gave the demo by Hank Williams to Hank's son.
1988 version
Hank Williams Jr.'s version is a duet with his father created using electronic merging technology. The original disc was transferred to audio tape by Alan Stoker at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum. As the song had been previously recorded with Hank Williams playing the guitar as the sole instrument, his son and his band simply "filled in the blanks" and recorded additional vocals. The music video for the song combined television footage that had existed of Hank Williams performing, onto which electronic merging technology impressed the recordings of Hank Jr., which then made it appear as if he were playing with his father. The video was both a critical and commercial success, and was named Video Of The Year by both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music. Hank Williams, Sr. & Jr., would go on to "share" a Grammy award win in 1990 for Best Country Vocal Collaboration.
Music video
The music video was directed by Ethan Russell and produced by [Joanne Gardner/ACME Pictures] and premiered in early 1989. In the video, Hank Williams Jr. performs the song by himself in an old house on a stormy night. After the first chorus, he hears vocals and sees a silhouette coming from behind a door near him. After harmonizing for a couple of bars with the mystery singer, he opens the door to discover his father, Hank Williams Sr., playing the song with his band in footage of an old performance. Hank Jr. then walks through the door and magically appears by his father's side to finish the song together.
The footage of Hank Sr. was a digitally modified kinescope of a 1952 performance of "Hey, Good Lookin'" on the Kate Smith Evening Hour. The editing team made several hundred minute tweaks to lay a new mouth (that of an actor dressed like Hank, Sr.) over the mouth of the original Hank. What now seems quaint was at the time quite groundbreaking. The New York Times did a feature on the video and its cutting edge visual effects, released around the time Forrest Gump used similar effects.
Chart performance
References
External links
1989 singles
Hank Williams Jr. songs
Hank Williams songs
Songs written by Hank Williams
Song recordings produced by Barry Beckett
Song recordings produced by Jim Ed Norman
Male–male vocal duets
Warner Records singles
Curb Records singles
1951 songs
Songs about alcohol
Songs released posthumously
Julius J. Gans (January 21, 1896 – April 24, 1973) was a Jewish-American lawyer, politician, and judge from New York.
Life
Gans was born on January 21, 1896 in New York City, New York, the son of Nathan Gans and Ida Lowenthal.
Gans attended Public School 188, DeWitt Clinton High School, and Dwight School. He then went to Brooklyn Law School, where he edited its legal publication "The Barrister," and graduated from there with a Bachelor of Laws in 1919. He was admitted to the bar in 1920 and began an active law practice. He moved to the Bronx in around 1914 and became active in political circles there, serving as a delegate to several judicial conventions and as a member of the speakers, law, and county committees of Bronx County.
In January 1836, Gans was elected to the New York State Assembly as a Democrat, representing the Bronx County 5th District. He was elected in a special election to fill a vacancy caused by the death of Benjamin Gladstone. He served in the Assembly in 1936, 1937, 1939-1940, 1941-1942, 1943-1944, 1945-1946, 1947-1948, 1949-1950, 1951-1952, and 1953-1954. He became a member of the New York State Postwar Public Works Planning Commission in 1943, ranking minority member of the Ways and Means Committee in 1947, president of the Legislative Pilots Association (an organization of Assembly members who served ten or more years) in 1952, and a member of the Commission on the Fiscal Affairs of State Government in 1953. He was also secretary of the Joint Legislative Committee on Labor and Industrial Conditions.
In the Assembly, Gans focused on labor and social security legislation. He was elected to the City Court in 1954. In 1961, he became an acting New York Supreme Court Justice. He was elected to a regular term as Justice in 1964 and served until his retirement three years later.
Gans was a social director in the Christodora House when he was sixteen, and he later served the same role in the Music School Settlement. He served as chairman Congregation Kneseth Israel Forum for at least five successive terms. He was treasurer of the Fifth Assembly District and the Unemployed Emergency Relief Drive, chairman of the district for the block-aid drive for funds to aid unemployment, vice-president of the Star Democratic Club, and a member of the Bronx Bar Association, the Freemasons, Sigma Phi Delta, the Elks, and the Grand Street Boys Association. He was married to Sylvia Tisch. Their children were Maurice George and Felice Marlyn.
Gans died in Doctors Hospital on April 24, 1973.
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
1896 births
1973 deaths
DeWitt Clinton High School alumni
Brooklyn Law School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Lawyers from New York City
19th-century American Jews
20th-century American Jews
Jewish American attorneys
Jewish American state legislators in New York (state)
20th-century American politicians
New York (state) Democrats
Politicians from the Bronx
Members of the New York State Assembly
20th-century American judges
New York Supreme Court Justices
American Freemasons
Vester Hornum is a small town in Himmerland, Denmark, with a population of 541 (1 January 2022), located in Vester Hornum parish. The city belongs to the municipality of Vesthimmerland Municipality and is located in the North Jutland region. It also has a church and a school. The town also have what they call "Vester Hornum løberne" (English:Vester Hornum runners) and it is a union of exerciseists who regularly gather for joint exercise in the form of running. The name of Vester Hornum translate into Western Hornum since it is west from Hornum.
References
Villages in Denmark
Towns and settlements in Vesthimmerland Municipality
The W National Park () or W Regional Park () is a major national park in West Africa around a meander in the River Niger shaped like the letter W (). The park includes areas of the three countries Niger, Benin and Burkina Faso, and is governed by the three governments. Until 2008, the implementation of a regional management was supported by the EU-funded project ECOPAS (Protected Ecosystems in Sudano-Sahelian Africa, ). The three national parks operate under the name W Transborder Park. (). The section of W National Park lying in Benin, measuring over , came under the full management of African Parks in June 2020. In Benin, W National Park is contiguous with Pendjari National Park which is also under the management of African Parks.
History
The W National Park of Niger was created by decree on 4 August 1954, and since 1996 has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Within Niger, the Park is listed as a National Park, IUCN Type II, and is part of a larger complex of Reserves and protected areas. These include the adjacent Dallol Bosso (Wetlands of International Importance (Ramsar) on the eastern bank of the Niger River and the partial overlap of the smaller "Parc national du W" (Wetlands of International Importance (Ramsar). The three parks are BirdLife International Important Bird Areas (IBAs) of types A1 and A3 (IBA codes IBA NE001, IBA BF008, and IBA BJ001).
Geography
In the three nations, the Regional park covers some largely uninhabited by humans, having been until the 1970s a Malarial zone of wetlands formed by the delta of the Mékrou River with the Niger, broken by rocky hills. Historically, the area has been at one time a major area of human habitation, judged by the important archaeological sites (mostly tombs) found in the area.
Flora
In the national park, A total of 454 species of plants were recorded, including two orchids found only in Niger. The park also constitute the southern limit of tiger bush plateaus distribution in Niger.
Fauna
The park is known for its large mammals, including aardvark, baboon, African buffalo, caracal, cheetah, African bush elephant, hippopotamus, African leopard, West African lion, serval and warthog. The park provides a home for some of West Africa's last wild African elephant. However, the rare West African giraffe, today restricted to small parts of the Niger, is absent from the park. The W Park is also known for historic occurrence of packs of the endangered West African wild dog, although this canid may now be extirpated from the area.
The National Park is one of the last strongholds for the Northwest African cheetah. A small population of 25 individuals is estimated to be resident across the W–Arli–Pendjari protected area complex.
The W National Park is also known for its bird populations, especially transitory migrating species, with over 350 species identified in the park. The park has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area.
Gallery
See also
Pendjari National Park
References
Literature
Convers Arnaud, Chaibou Issa, Binot Aurélie, Dulieu Dominique (2007) La gestion de la transhumance dans la zone d'influence du parc régional du w par le programme ecopas: une « approche projet » pour l'aménagement de la périphérie du parc. Vertigo Hors Série 4. URL : http://vertigo.revues.org/761 ; DOI : 10.4000/vertigo.761
Benoit M (1998) Statut et usage du sol en périphérie du parc national du "W" du Niger. Tome 1 : Contribution à l'étude du milieu naturel et des ressources végétales du canton de Tamou et du Parc du "W". ORSTOM, Niamey, Niger, 41 p.
Doussa S (2004) Les impacts de la culture cotonnière sur la gestion des ressources naturelles du Parc W. Maitrise, Université de Ouagadougou.
Grégoire JM, Fournier A, Eva H & Sawadogo L (2003) Caractérisation de la dynamique des feux et de l'évolution du couvert dans le Parc du W: Burkina Faso, Bénin et Niger. 64 S.
Hogan C.Michael (2009) Painted Hunting Dog: Lycaon pictus, GlobalTwitcher.com, ed. N. Stromberg
Nacoulma, B.M.I. (2012): Dynamique et stratégies de conservation de la végétation et de la phytodiversité du complexe écologique du Parc National du W du Burkina Faso. PhD thesis, Université de Ouagadougou.
Nacoulma, B.M.I., Schmidt, M., Hahn, K., Thiombiano, A. (2020): A checklist of vascular plants of the W National Park in Burkina Faso, including the adjacent hunting zones of Tapoa-Djerma and Kondio. Biodiversity Data Journal 8: e54205.
Rabeil T (2003) Distribution potentielles des grands mammifères dans le Parc du W au Niger. Doctoral Thesis, Univ. Paris VII. 463 S.
Price et al. (2003) The “W” Regional Park of Benin, Burkina Faso and Niger - Building on a Process of Regional Integration to Address both Local Interests and Transboundary Challenges. World Parks Congress 2003, Durban, RSA. In: Pansky, Diane (ed.). 2005. Governance Stream of the Vth World Parks Congress. Ottawa, Canada: Parks Canada and IUCN/WCPA. ISBN R62-375/2003E-MRC 0-662-40433-5.
W National Park of Niger. 2009.
Zwarg A, Schmidt M, Janßen T, Hahn K, Zizka G (2012) Plant diversity, functional traits and soil conditions of grass savannas on lateritic crusts (bowé) in south eastern Burkina Faso. Flora et Vegetatio Sudano-Sambesica 15: 15–24.
External links
Detailed Nigerien government tourist map.
WCMC World Heritage Site Data Sheet
UNESCO Page on W National Park
BirdLife IBA Factsheet 'W' National Park.
Le Parc du W du Niger (Niger, Burkina Faso, Bénin): Aires protégées Burkina Faso - Niger - Bénin. Centre IRD d'Orléans Research Summary, University of Orleans (France)
Nature conservation in Burkina Faso
National parks of Benin
National parks of Burkina Faso
National parks of Niger
Biosphere reserves of Benin
Biosphere reserves of Burkina Faso
Biosphere reserves of Niger
World Heritage Sites in Niger
Ramsar sites in Benin
Ramsar sites in Burkina Faso
Ramsar sites in Niger
Niger River
Protected areas established in 1954
Important Bird Areas of Benin
Important Bird Areas of Burkina Faso
Important Bird Areas of Niger
John William Streets (24 March 1886 – 1 July 1916), better known as Will Streets, was an English soldier and poet of the First World War.
Streets are born in Whitwell, Derbyshire, the son of William and Clara Streets, and was the eldest of twelve children. Although academically and artistically gifted, he began work as a miner at the age of fourteen, continuing to educate himself in his spare time.
In August 1914, Streets joined the Sheffield City Battalion (Sheffield Pals). In late 1915 and early 1916 he served in Egypt. The battalion was subsequently transferred to the Western Front. Streets, by this time a sergeant, was wounded on the first day of the Battle of the Somme, and subsequently went missing. His body was eventually recovered exactly ten months later, on 1 May 1917, and he is buried at Euston Road Cemetery, Colincamps, France. His poems were posthumously published in the same year under the title The Undying Splendour.
See also
List of solved missing person cases
References
External links
1886 births
1910s missing person cases
1916 deaths
20th-century male writers
British Army personnel of World War I
British military personnel killed in the Battle of the Somme
British World War I poets
Formerly missing people
Missing in action of World War I
Missing person cases in France
People from Whitwell, Derbyshire
York and Lancaster Regiment soldiers
Military personnel from Derbyshire
Edward Oliver may refer to:
Edward C. Oliver, member of the Minnesota Senate
Edward George Hudson Oliver, South African botanist and author
Ed Oliver (golfer) (Edward Stewart Oliver Jr.), American golfer
See also
Ed Oliver (disambiguation)
Vice Admiral Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers, FRS (26 May 1722 – 1 October 1778) was a British Royal Navy officer, peer, freemason and amateur astronomer.
Biography
Shirley was the second son of Hon. Laurence Shirley (himself the fourth son of Robert Shirley, 1st Earl Ferrers) and his wife, Anne. , he joined the Royal Navy and rose through the ranks as a Second Lieutenant in 1741, First Lieutenant in 1746 and Post-Captain soon after.
Two weeks after the execution of his brother, Laurence Shirley, 4th Earl Ferrers in 1760, Shirley took his seat in the House of Lords (as the new Earl Ferrers). Ferrers was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Staffordshire on 28 August 1761. In 1763, George III granted him the family estates, previously forfeit by his brother as a felon (much to the surprise of Casanova, then visiting London) and he began to transform the family seat of Staunton Harold in Leicestershire. He was later promoted as a Rear Admiral in 1771 and Vice-Admiral in 1775.
Due to persistent financial problems, he sold the estates of Astwell (including Astwell Castle) and Falcutt to Lord Temple between 1774 and 1777.
Ferrers was keen on astronomy and owned his own orrery. In 1761, Ferrers had been elected to the Royal Society for his work on the observations of the transit of Venus. Ferrers purchased Joseph Wright of Derby's painting entitled "A Philosopher giving a Lecture on the Orrery in which a lamp is put in place of the Sun" and he has been credited as being the figure on the right. Ferrers had Peter Perez Burdett (the figure on the left) as a house guest and he had attended a talk by James Ferguson who had given lectures on the orrery.
Shirley died, aged 56, in 1778 at Chartley Manor Place, Staffordshire and was buried at Staunton Harold. As he had no children by his wife, Anne, his title and estates passed to his younger brother, Robert.
References
1722 births
1778 deaths
18th-century British astronomers
Deputy Lieutenants of Staffordshire
05
Fellows of the Royal Society
Articles containing image maps
Royal Navy vice admirals
People associated with Derby Museum and Art Gallery
Grand Masters of the Premier Grand Lodge of England
Freemasons of the Premier Grand Lodge of England
Hon. Abdullahi Idris Garba is a Nigerian politician. He is a member of the Federal House of Representatives (Nigeria), representing Kontagora/Wushishi/Mariga/Mashegu Federal Constituency.
Early life and education
He was born on September 6, 1975. He is an indigene of Niger State from Kontagora Local Government Area.
He had his primary education in Baptist Primary School. He then preceded to Government Secondary School where he had his secondary education. For his tertiary education, he studied at Ahmadu Bello University Zaria and later went to University of Abuja.
Prior to becoming a member of the House of Representatives, he was a Veterinary Officer from 1992 to 2006.
Political career
Abdullahi Idris Garba's political career began when he was elected into the House of Representatives from 2007 to 2011 and later received another tenure in 2011 to 2015.
In the 2015 elections, he again re-contested for the Federal House of Representative under the platform of the Progressive Congress (APC).
So far, Abdulahi Idris Garba is among the oldest serving member at the Federal House of Representative.
Legislative Interest(s):
Education, Transportation and Works
House Committee Membership and Chairmanship
Federal Representative at House of Representatives from May 2011 to May 2019
Vice-Chairman at Agricultural Colleges and Institutions Committee (Reps) from June 2015 to May 2019
Chairman at Population Committee (Reps) until May 2015
Committee Member at Aviation Committee (Reps) until May 2015
Committee Member at Marine Safety, Education & Administration Committee (Reps) until May 2015
Chairman at Federal Capital Territory (Reps) from July 2019 till date
References
1975 births
Living people
Nigerian politicians
Nigerian veterinarians
The Neumann is a large-diaphragm condenser microphone. It is one of the most famous studio microphones and was Neumann's first microphone after the Second World War. The original series, manufactured by Georg Neumann GmbH between 1949 and 1965, employed a tube design; early used the capsule, then replaced by the from 1958. Units produced before 1950 were distributed by Telefunken and bear the Telefunken logo.
Since Telefunken ceased production of tubes in 1957, the was discontinued in 1965 and followed by the in 1969; it employed the same capsule () and a similar head grille but used solid-state circuitry (discrete op-amps). Intended to recreate the sound of the original , it enjoyed only limited success; however, the , being able to handle high-pressure levels, became popular among recording engineers as a bass drum microphone, and it is also appreciated as a brass, double bass, and guitar amp microphone. Neumann manufactured the between 1969 and 1986 and reissued it in 2014.
The Neumann is regarded as one of several all-time preferred tube recording microphones ("The Big Five"). Its desirability is based primarily on the synergy of its three sound-shaping components: capsule, tube, transformer. The U47 was especially popular in US studios. Frank Sinatra owned his own ; Ella Fitzgerald, Louis Armstrong, Bing Crosby, Tony Bennett and the Beatles also used it. According to the microphone manufacturer John Peluso, "it's hard to find an album recorded in the 1950s or 1960s that didn't have a U47 on it; the Beatles used the mike for almost every track they sang from 1962 through 1970".
History
Original series
According to Oliver Archut, the was first presented at the Berlin Radio Show (Berliner Funkausstellung) in 1947 as a prototype; the first documented commercial sale of the microphone (with serial number 72), according to Klaus Heyne of German Masterworks, occurred in December 1949.
The original used the capsule, which was similar to the capsule developed initially for the Neumann microphone designed in the late 1920s ("Neumann bottle"). Since PVC membranes deteriorate and dry out with age, in 1958 the capsule was replaced by the (sometimes referred to as the ) which had a similar acoustic design as the but used membranes made of age-resistant biaxially oriented PET film.
The 's circuitry was based on the Telefunken vacuum tube (the suffix "M" indicates a low noise valve, suitable for use in microphones) and the GN8/BV8 transformer; for export to the American market, the GN8 transformer was replaced in the late 1950s with the GN8b which featured lower output. According to the German expert Andreas Grosser, at least five different output transformers were used within the U 47.
The was a pentode made exclusively by Telefunken for Neumann from 1946 to 1957; the discontinuation of the was caused primarily by the decision by Telefunken to halt production of the , and Neumann eventually depleting its stock of tubes. To simulate the discontinued and obsolete pentode, custom tubes and solid-state tube emulations have been manufactured specifically for the by Telefunken and others. Beginning in 1962, Neumann offered a direct plug-in replacement kit ("") for the featuring the Nuvistor , which required minor power supply modification.
The original was the first switchable pattern condenser microphone (cardioid or omnidirectional). This functionality was achieved by disabling the polarization voltage to the rear of the diaphragm of the microphone capsule.
Successors: , and
The , introduced by Neumann late 1957, was identical to the except for the available polar patterns (cardioid and figure of eight instead of cardioid and omnidirectional). The Beatles' producer George Martin used the extensively in the group's recordings at Abbey Road Studios, London. As a successor to the , Neumann introduced the (employing a Telefunken tube) in 1960.
The , the solid-state version introduced by Neumann in 1969, was less appreciated as a vocal microphone but became ubiquitous in studios as a bass drum microphone. Used on the outside of the bass drum, in conjunction with a primary bass drum microphone (which would usually be placed on the inside, or close to the inside of a bass drum or a bass drum head), it would make a complete bass drum sound.
References
External links
Official website: U 47 and U 47 FET
Detailed photos and schematic
Microphones
is a private university in Higashi-ku, Okayama, Japan, established in 2007.
External links
Official website
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2007
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Okayama
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
2007 establishments in Japan
Ceracanthia cornuta is a species of snout moth. It was described by Herbert H. Neunzig and Maria Alma Solis in 2002, and is known from Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 2002
Phycitinae
KDAK (1600 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Carrington, North Dakota. The station is owned by Ingstad Family Media. KDAK airs a classic hits format and covers local and national sports games, including the New Rockford-Sheyenne Rockets, New Rockford Blacksox, and Carrington Cardinals.
History
In February 2018, KDAK changed their format from country to classic hits, branded as "The Cardinal".
Previous logo
FM translator
References
External links
FCC History Cards for KDAK
Carrington, North Dakota
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
DAK
Radio stations established in 1983
Ralph Barnes may refer to:
Ralph Barnes (priest) (fl. 1775–1820), 18th century British Archdeacon of Totnes
Ralph Barnes (journalist) (1899–1940), American war correspondent
Ralph Mosser Barnes (1900–1984), American industrial engineer
Ralph Barnes (died 1537), English monk and Catholic martyr
SS Ralph Barnes
Business Plus is an Irish business magazine published in Dublin by Nalac Limited. The magazine was established in 1998. It is published monthly and its circulation was 10,660 (ABC) copies in 2006. Its editor is Nick Mulcahy, son of proprietor of The Phoenix, John Mulcahy. It has .
References
External links
Business Plus Homepage
1998 establishments in Ireland
Business magazines
Magazines published in Ireland
Magazines established in 1998
Mass media in Dublin (city)
Monthly magazines published in Ireland
The Banu Ashqilula were the governors or arraeces of Málaga and Guadix. Their assistance to Muhammad ibn al-Ahmar in founding the Emirate of Granada and their later opposition to al-Ahmar's successors made the Asqilula one of the most influential families of the 13th century Spain. The Ashqilula were one of the clans who were able to maneuver themselves into positions of prominence and influence under the rule of the Nasrid Dynasty. The family first rose to prominence in 1232 when their leader Abu'l Hasan Ali Ibn Ashqilula al-Tujibi helped the Nasrid dynasty during the conquest of Granada. For the first twenty years of Nasrid rule in Granada, the Ashqilula worked closely with al-Ahmar in his early endeavors, like the short lived conquest of Seville. As reward for their service, the Asqilula were granted governorships in the Nasrid territories of Málaga, Guadix and Baza.
Notes
Bibliography
13th century in Al-Andalus
Emirate of Granada
Polenitsa () is a village in South West Bulgaria in Blagoevgrad Province, 159 km from the capital city of Sofia and 2 km from the spa resort of Sandanski. The village has a permanent population of 1150 people (2008).
References
Polenitsa at ESRI map
Villages in Blagoevgrad Province
Kaka Is 2021 Philippine erotic comedy film written by Conn Escobar and G.B. Sampedro directed by G.B. Samepdro. It stars Sunshine Guimary, Jerald Napoles and Ion Perez. Vincent Del Rosario III, Valerie S. Del Rosario, Veronique Del Rosario-Corpus are the producers of the film.
Cast
Ion Perez as Levi Sales
Rosanna Roces as Kams/Kamila Bataan
Gina Pareño as LolitaKirara/"Lola Kiri/Kiri" Bataan
Jackie Gonzaga as Bo
Maui Taylor as Babet
Andrea del Rosario as Felicia
Giselle Sanchez as Sue Petra Sales
Sheree as Joy
Debbie Garcia as Sicee
Juliana Parizcova Segovia as Pre
Pio Balbuena as Bitoy
Billy Villeta as Boss Alex
Josef Elizalde as Rick
Lander Vera-Perez as Danilo Sales
Janine Teñoso as Herself
Ronnie Liang as Himself
Marion Aunor as Herself
Yuki Sakamoto as Manuel
Minnie Nato as Amanda
Ai-Ai Delas Alas as Caller
Gio Sampedro as Caller
Marlon Joy Pablo as Caller
Lotlot Bustamante as Elevator Girl
Alexine Sy as Party Host
Release
The film was released in the Philippines via streaming in Vivamax on May 28, 2021.
Reception
JE CC from LionheaTV rate the film 2 out of 5 and wrote:
References
External links
2021 comedy films
Filipino-language films
Viva Films films
Films impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
Philippine erotic films
Philippine sex comedy films
Rafael Anibal Montiel Cuéllar (born June 28, 1981 in El Bagre) is a Colombian professional road cyclist, who last rode for UCI Continental team . On 29 April 2015, Montiel won the opening stage of the Tour of the Gila, after catching the breakaway on the slopes of the last climb and soloing to the mountaintop finish.
Major results
2006
9th Overall Clásico Ciclístico Banfoandes
2007
1st Stage 13 Vuelta a Colombia
2nd Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
1st Stage 5
3rd Overall Vuelta a Cundinamarca
10th Overall Vuelta a El Salvador
1st Stage 9
2008
1st Stage 6 Vuelta a Colombia
2009
2nd Overall Clásica de Soacha
2nd Overall Vuelta a Santander
1st Stage 2
3rd Overall Vuelta al Ecuador
2010
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Vuelta a Colombia
8th Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
1st Stage 4
2011
1st Stage 2a (TTT) Vuelta a Colombia
1st Mountains classification USA Pro Cycling Challenge
2013
1st Stage 5 Vuelta a Colombia
2014
8th Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
2015
1st Stage 1 Tour of the Gila
See also
List of doping cases in cycling
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bogotá
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Doping cases in cycling
Colombian sportspeople in doping cases
Rajan Saxena was born on 01-03- in Lucknow and is Dean and Head of the Department of Surgical Gastroenterology at Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow, a medical institution of national importance in India and Padma Shri (2004) awardee. He is an alumnus of the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, and specialises in hepatobiliary pancreatic and liver transplant surgery.
References
Living people
Indian gastroenterologists
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
20th-century Indian medical doctors
Year of birth missing (living people)
{{Infobox football biography
| name = Nicola Amoruso
| fullname = Nicola Amoruso
| image =
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Cerignola, Italy
| height = 1.86 m
| position = Striker | currentclub =
| clubnumber =
| years1 = 1993–1994 | clubs1 = Sampdoria | caps1 = 8 | goals1 = 3
| years2 = 1994–1995 | clubs2 = Fidelis Andria | caps2 = 34 | goals2 = 15
| years3 = 1995–1996 | clubs3 = Padova | caps3 = 33 | goals3 = 14
| years4 = 1996–2002 | clubs4 = Juventus | caps4 = 53 | goals4 = 9
| years5 = 1999–2000 | clubs5 = → Perugia (loan) | caps5 = 25 | goals5 = 11
| years6 = 2000–2001 | clubs6 = → Napoli (co-ownership) | caps6 = 30 | goals6 = 10
| years7 = 2002 | clubs7 = Perugia | caps7 = 7 | goals7 = 0
| years8 = 2003 | clubs8 = Como | caps8 = 14 | goals8 = 6
| years9 = 2003–2004 | clubs9 = Modena | caps9 = 25 | goals9 = 5
| years10 = 2004–2005 | clubs10 = Messina | caps10 = 22 | goals10 = 5
| years11 = 2005–2008 | clubs11 = Reggina | caps11 = 96 | goals11 = 40
| years12 = 2008–2009 | clubs12 = Torino | caps12 = 20 | goals12 = 4
| years13 = 2009 | clubs13 = → Siena (loan) | caps13 = 6 | goals13 = 0
| years14 = 2009–2010 | clubs14 = Parma | caps14 = 17 | goals14 = 5
| years15 = 2010–2011 | clubs15 = Atalanta | caps15 = 15 | goals15 = 1
| years16 = | clubs16 = Total | caps16 = 405 | goals16 = 128 | nationalyears1 = 1995–1996 | nationalteam1 = Italy U-21 | nationalcaps1 = 4 | nationalgoals1 = 1
| pcupdate = 29 July 2011
| ntupdate =
}}Nicola Amoruso' (born 29 August 1974) is a former Italian footballer who played as a striker. An elegant, technically gifted, and agile forward, known for his delicate touch on the ball and use of feints, he usually played in a central role; his nicknames were piede caldo (Hot Foot) and Dinamite (Dynamite), due to his eye for goal. He is currently the sporting director of Palermo.
Club career
Amoruso grew up in the Sampdoria youth system, and made his Serie A debut on 12 December 1993, in a 2–0 away defeat to Inter. During his first season with the club he won the Coppa Italia, scoring 3 goals in 8 appearances throughout the competition. He has also later played with Fidelis Andria (1994–95), Padova (1995–96), Juventus (1996–2002), Perugia (1999–2002), Napoli (2000–2001), Como (2003), Modena (2003–04), Messina (2004–05), Reggina (2005–08), Torino (2008–09), Siena (2009), Parma (2009–10), and Atalanta (2010–11).
Juventus
Amoruso joined Juventus in 1996; he scored 4 goals in Juventus's 1996–97 UEFA Champions League campaign, including one each in both of the semifinal legs against AFC Ajax. He only came on as a late substitute in the final that Juventus lost to Borussia Dortmund, although he was able to capture the 1996 UEFA Super Cup, the 1996 Intercontinental Cup, and the 1996–97 Serie A title with Juventus that season. The following season, he won the 1997 Supercoppa Italiana, and the 1997–98 Serie A title with Juventus. He scored in the return leg of the 1997–98 UEFA Champions League semifinal against AS Monaco FC, but was an unused substitute in the final, as Juventus suffered yet another defeat, at the hands of Real Madrid on this occasion. The 1998–99 season was less successful, as Juventus only managed to capture the 1999 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Amoruso spent the 1999–2000 season on loan with Perugia, and the 2000–01 season on loan with Napoli, beforing returning to Juventus the following season. Amoruso won the 2001–02 Serie A title with Juventus, only making 9 appearances in the league, but helping the club to reach the 2002 Coppa Italia Final, finishing the competition as the top-scorer, with 6 goals. In 2002, he moved to Perugia once again for half a season, and in January 2003, he subsequently played with Como, later moving to Modena for the 2003–04 Serie A season, and Messina for the 2004–05 Serie A season.
Messina
In 2004, Amoruso signed with Messina on free transfer, after terminated his contract with Modena.
Reggina
In 2005 Amoruso signed with Reggina. Along with Rolando Bianchi, they formed an effective striking partner for Reggina's survival battle. In 2007–08 season, Bianchi left the club and Amoruso became the team top-scorer, ahead Franco Brienza and midfielder Francesco Cozza. Reggina almost relegated that season, as ineffective of striker Christian Stuani, Joelson, Stephen Makinwa and Fabio Ceravolo.
Torino, Siena, Parma & Atalanta
On 8 July 2008, he agreed a move to Torino, signed a 2-year contract and reunited with Rolando Bianchi, but during the January 2009 transfer window he transferred on loan with A.C. Siena.
After played the opening match of 2009–10 Serie B season for Toro'', Amoruso moved to Parma with Julio César de León and Manuel Coppola move to opposite direction on loan on 28 August.
In January 2010, Amoruso signed a contract with Atalanta B.C. which last until June 2011. Robert Acquafresca, moved back to Genoa from Atalanta, while Hernán Crespo moved to Parma from Genoa. Atalanta also paid Parma €1 million for the service of Amoruso.
He retired in September 2011.
International career
Amoruso represented the Italy under-21 team on 4 occasions between 1994 and 1996, scoring once. He was the unused member of the Italy Olympic team that won the 1997 Mediterranean Games. He also won the 1996 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship with Italy.
Honours
Club
Sampdoria
Coppa Italia: 1993–94
Juventus
Serie A: 1996–97, 1997–98, 2001–02
Supercoppa Italiana: 1997
UEFA Champions League: runner-up: 1996–97, 1997–98
UEFA Super Cup: 1996
Atalanta
Serie B: 2010–11
International
Italy under-21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship: 1996
Individual
Coppa Italia Top-scorer: 2001–02 (6 goals)
References
External links
FIGC
Gazzetta dello Sport
1974 births
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
People from Cerignola
U.C. Sampdoria players
S.S. Fidelis Andria 1928 players
Calcio Padova players
Juventus F.C. players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Como 1907 players
Modena F.C. players
A.C.R. Messina players
Reggina 1914 players
Torino F.C. players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Atalanta B.C. players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Association football forwards
Living people
Footballers from Apulia
Sportspeople from the Province of Foggia
Wu Weiren (; born October 1953) is a Chinese physicist who is the chief designer of the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program.
Biography
Wu was born in the town of , Pingchang County, Bazhong, Sichuan province, in October 1953. He is secondary studied at Pingchang High School. In 1975, he was admitted to the University of Science and Technology of China, where he majored in telemetry and telecontrol. After graduating in 1978, he was dispatched to the Beijing Institute of Telemetry Technology as an engineer and eventually became its deputy president. In August 1997, he was appointed factory manager of the Jianhua Instrument Factory, a factory under the control of the Aerospace Industry Corporation. In July 1998, he was transferred to the Department of Science and Technology, Commission for Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense, where he successively served as its deputy director and director. He moved to the Lunar Exploration and Space Engineering Center of the State Administration for Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense in August 2008 and was appointed the chief designer of the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program. In June 2016, he was elected a member of the Standing Committee of the China Association for Science and Technology. In March 2018, he became a member of the Standing Committee of the 13th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. In September 2020, the asteroid No. 281880 was officially named as "Wu Weiren Star" for his contribution in the field of moon and deep space exploration.
Honours and awards
1991 State Science and Technology Progress Award (Third Class) for telemetry data processing system
1995 State Science and Technology Progress Award (First Class) for real time computer telemetry system
2004 State Science and Technology Progress Award (Special Award) for launch vehicle engineering
2007 State Science and Technology Progress Award (Second Class) for researching on the security of spatial information transmission
2012 State Science and Technology Progress Award (Special Award) for Chang'e 2 project
November 2013 Member of the International Academy of Astronautics (IAA)
October 2015 Member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE)
2016 State Science and Technology Progress Award (First Class) for Chang'e 3 project
2020 State Science and Technology Progress Award (Special Award) for Chang'e 4 project
References
External links
Wu Weiren on iafastro.org
1953 births
Living people
People from Pingchang County
Engineers from Sichuan
Scientists from Sichuan
University of Science and Technology of China alumni
Huazhong University of Science and Technology alumni
Northwestern Polytechnical University alumni
Members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering
Members of the Standing Committee of the 13th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Andrew Curry (born 2 July 1972, Melbourne) is an Australian producer and actor who has appeared in many television drama and comedy series, and in feature films.
One of Curry's most notable roles was Larry "Woody" Woodhouse in Neighbours, a recurring role he played from 2000 to 2002. He was also a film reviewer on the Foxtel show Premiere in 2002.
He is the brother of Stephen Curry and Bernard Curry, who have also made a significant number of appearances on Australian television.
In 2007 he founded iCandy Productions with business partner Cameron Nugent, and has made numerous short films, music videos and corporate presentations. In 2010 he was awarded funding to produce a short film, Spider Walk through Film Victoria's 'Propellor Shorts' funding scheme. In September 2010, it was announced that Curry would be reprising his role as Woody in Neighbours. Numerous producer roles have since followed, with 2017 marking the completion of his debut feature film, A Boy Called Sailboat, written and directed by long-time collaborator Cameron Nugent.
Other skills possessed by Curry are editing, graphic effects, and music composition and performance.
In 2017/18 he spent time in Montana, USA, as a producer on the period feature film Robert The Bruce.
2018 saw him tour the live soundtrack performance of the feature film A Boy Called Sailboat with the Grigoryan Brothers around Australia.
References
External links
Profile at ABC Flipside
1972 births
Living people
Comedians from Melbourne
Australian male television actors
Australian male film actors
Australian male comedians
Iglot is a 2011 Philippine television drama fantasy broadcast by GMA Network. The series is a spin-off to the 2004 television series Mulawin. It premiered on August 29, 2011 on the network's Telebabad line up. Directed by Gil Tejada Jr., it stars Milkcah Wynne Nacion. The series concluded on November 11, 2011 with a total of 55 episodes. It was replaced by Survivor Philippines: Celebrity Doubles Showdown in its timeslot.
Cast and characters
Lead cast
Milkcah Wynne Nacion as Luningning / Isabella
Supporting cast
Claudine Barretto as Mariella Dacera-Rivera
Marvin Agustin as Anton Marco
Jolina Magdangal as Ramona Sebastian / Ramona Salvador-Marco
Luis Alandy as Juancho Rivera
Pauleen Luna as Vesta Santana
Patrick Garcia as Aldo
Noel Urbano as the voice / puppeteer of "Iglot"
Eddie Garcia as Celso Samar
Lexi Fernandez as Danielle
Hiro Peralta as Luis Bustamante
Celia Rodriguez as lola Idang Salvador
Jaime Fabregas as Dr. Petrovsky
Mel Martinez as Rica
Perla Bautista as Ester
Sylvia Sanchez as Betty
Romnick Sarmienta as father Ruben
Nicky Castro as Bal
Veyda Inoval as Jona
Guest cast
Bianca King as Aviona
Richard Quan as Gardo
Sheree Bautista as Gardo's wife
Louise delos Reyes as Hannah Dacera
Shermaine Santiago as young Idang
Angeli Nicole Sanoy
Jao Mapa as mall officer
Alvin Aragon as Nomer
Zyrael Jestre as Chubby Palaboy
Veyda Inoval
Ratings
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila People/Individual television ratings, the pilot episode of Iglot earned a 12.6% rating, while the final episode scored a 25.6% rating in Mega Manila household television ratings.
References
External links
2011 Philippine television series debuts
2011 Philippine television series endings
Fantaserye and telefantasya
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network drama series
Television shows set in the Philippines
Bruce Alan Wilkerson (born July 28, 1964) is a former American football player who played offensive tackle for three NFL teams from 1987 to 1997. He started in Super Bowl XXXI for the Green Bay Packers. Wilkerson played college football at the University of Tennessee, where he was twice named All-SEC.
Wilkerson attended Loudon High School in Loudon, Tennessee, where he played both offensive tackle and defensive tackle, and was named to the all-state team his senior year. He signed with Tennessee in 1982, though he was a redshirt his first year.
Working with Tennessee offensive line coach (and future head coach) Phillip Fulmer, Wilkerson secured a spot in the second string during the 1983 season, backing up veteran tackle Curt Singer. By his sophomore season in 1984, he was a starter, anchoring a line that helped running back Johnnie Jones set career rushing records. Wilkerson was an integral member of the 1985 "Sugar Vols" squad, and was named All-SEC and 2nd-team All-American at the end of the season. In the 1986 Sugar Bowl, Wilkerson's block on Miami nose guard Jerome Brown helped spring Jeff Powell's 60-yard touchdown run.
After an All-SEC senior year in 1986, Wilkerson was drafted by the Los Angeles Raiders in the second round of the 1987 NFL Draft. He spent his first eight seasons with the Raiders, and was a starter throughout the early 1990s. He was on the inaugural roster of the Jacksonville Jaguars in 1995, and closed out his career with Green Bay.
References
External links
Profile at NFL.com
Living people
Los Angeles Raiders players
Green Bay Packers players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Tennessee Volunteers football players
1964 births
People from Loudon, Tennessee
Players of American football from Tennessee
The Optare Solo is a low-floor minibus/midibus with one or two doors manufactured by Optare in the United Kingdom since 1998. The Solo name is a play on its low-floor status, the manufacturer marketing its vehicle as having an entrance that is "so low" from the floor, namely with kneeling suspension. In January 2012 Optare announced the end of production for the original Solo design with a modified Solo SR taking over.
The original innovative design, featuring a front axle ahead of the entrance door, gained a Millennium product award, along with a Queen's Award for Enterprise. 3,857 original model Solos were built between 1998 and 2012. As of April 2017, almost 1,500 Solo SRs had been built.
Construction
The Solo is an integral midibus (as opposed to a separate chassis and body) built in a modular design, with steel frame and GRP panels. Detailed analysis and computer modelling of the design and any impacts of stresses it would see in service were undertaken by finite element analysis firm Analysis by Firth, based in Wigan, UK. It is powered by a Mercedes-Benz OM904LA engine, which produces or according to specification, and it is typically mated to an Allison 2000 automatic gearbox. Later, the options of a Cummins ISBe 6-cylinder engine or a MAN engine became available. There was also the option of a 4-speed Allison AT545 gearbox. In 2005 a hybrid Solo was constructed, using a small diesel unit and an Eneco (now known as Traction Technology) battery propulsion unit.
The Optare Solo is available in various lengths: , , and - all wide. The chassis type code of the Solo denotes the length – M780 corresponds to 7.8m, M850 to 8.5m, and so forth. However, the Cummins-powered Solos required extra rear bodywork in order to accommodate the larger engine, which increased the overall length by . This is reflected in the chassis code, so a Cummins-powered Solo was coded M810, M880, M950 or M1020.
Along with the launch of the model, the Solo was also first offered with LED-type rear lights, as opposed to the standard rectangular clusters. Seating capacities range from 25 for an M780, 29 for an M850, 33 for M920 and 37 for an M990.
Original Variants
Slimline
A narrow-bodied version named the "Slimline" was launched in 2004 with the first examples entering service in August. It is wide, and identifiable by small wheelarch extensions mounted to the rear. Available across all lengths except the M990, the Slimline is identified by having an SL-suffix in the chassis code, e.g. M780SL for a long version. The Optare Solo Slimline is a 25-seated low-floor bus to replace the Optare MetroRider.
The compact size of an M780SL, with its seating capacity of 25, has made it a popular choice for replacing earlier-generation minibuses, such as the MCW Metrorider, and other van-based buses.
SE
In June 2006, Optare announced the arrival of another Solo model – the Solo SE. At just in length, it is the shortest Solo offered, and is capable of seating 23. It also uses a single-piece entrance door as an option. This is a variant of the Slimline – hence it is wide, but noticeably the rear track has been reduced compared to previous Slimline models, eliminating the need for wheelarch extensions on the rear of the bus. Optare also plans to produce a long version of the SE.
The first SE built, the former Optare demonstrator, entered service with Regal Busways, of Essex, in September 2006. The company has since acquired a further four examples.
EV
In March 2009, Optare launched the all-electric version of the Solo, the Solo EV. The vehicle's top speed is limited to . Since the summer of 2013, the vehicle uses a high-efficiency MAGTEC P180 Permanent Magnet Motor-Gearbox rated at 150kW and powered by two banks of Valence lithium-ion phosphate batteries. The two packs work in parallel and provide 307V with a total capacity of 92kWh.
Solo+
In November 2008 the 'new' Optare unveiled the Solo+ – a completely restyled variant to celebrate ten years of the Solo as a new low-entry bus and was launched at the Euro Bus Expo 2008. It shared the same styling with the Rapta, which was launched at the same show. It sees the return of the flat side windows and roof as well as a steeper front end with an integral destination box. Proposed options include a full electric drive.
However, the plan of producing the Solo+ was dropped afterwards. The new product met with a poor market response and never made it beyond the prototype stage. The further development required to make the product an improvement on previous models was possibly deemed to be too great (and costly), the plans being shelved.
Solo SR
In October 2007 Optare unveiled the Solo SR at the Coach & Bus Show. It is a completely-restyled version of the Solo drawing styling features from the Versa, such as the curved side windows and sweeping roof (with the destination screen and air conditioning unit underneath). Some features of the Solo such as the curved front windscreen and the unusual chassis layout, with the front wheels ahead of the doorway, were retained. Another new unusual feature to the Solo SR is the lack of a destination box on the standard model. However, Optare offers this as an option to individual customer specification.
In January 2012, Optare announced that the facelifted Solo SR would replace the standard Solo for both UK and export markets, with the standard design being withdrawn from sale.
It was then available in 7.1 m, 7.8 m, 8.9 m and 9.6 m variants, all available in the Slimline (2.35 m wide) version. 8.9 m and 9.6 m models are available in the wider 2.5 m body width. All 2012 Solo SRs feature curved side glazing and high specification interiors allowing up to 37 seats in the longest derivative.
Some of the bodywork components had been redesigned to take advantage of the benefits achieved on the recently released Tempo SR design which reduced both weight and cost and further improve fuel economy.
Hybrid
The diesel-electric hybrid single-decker bus had room for 53 passengers; its configuration can be changed to provide seating for up to 34 passengers plus one wheelchair with additional standing room. Its peak power demands are met by batteries that are recharged on-board by the diesel generator.
Operators
United Kingdom
The first Optare Solos entered service in 1998 with Wilts & Dorset, with the operator initially taking on 32 examples to convert it's Poole bus services to low-floor operation. The company eventually took on a total of 85 Solos. Arriva, FirstGroup, Go-Ahead Group, Stagecoach Group, Wellglade Group and Travel West Midlands made subsequent orders, with all having operated large fleets. Solos have been operated by Transport for London operators Arriva London, Quality Line, Metrobus and Travel London. Speedwellbus operated some in various liveries. A fleet of over 30 operated by LibertyBus is in use in Jersey. Optare Solos are operated in Northern Ireland by Translink Ulsterbus.
Malta
In 2011, Arriva Malta purchased nine Optare Solo Hybrid, registered as BUS 267 - BUS 275, for some of its routes in Malta and Gozo. These passed on to Malta Public Transport, but their used declined and, after summer 2015, they sporadically appeared on summer 2016 and summer 2017, before being withdrawn, and some used as staff bus in Floriana.
Moreover, between 2014 and 2015, Malta Public Transport loaned 23 Optare Solo SR, registered as BUS 330 - BUS 352, to increase the carrying capacity. These buses were returned to the United Kingdom in September 2015.
Republic of Ireland
The Solo Slimline saw frequent use as a localized bus service from Bray, County Wicklow, operated by Finnegan Bray, and throughout the rest of the country by Bus Éireann.
Europe
Netherlands operator Syntus purchased 25 Solos in 2010. In 2015, Solo EVs were delivered to Karlstad in Sweden. In Hungary, Kapos Volán bought one, which is operating in Siófok.
Asia
In Hong Kong, AMS Public Transport (Chinese: ]) and Koon Wing Motor Limited (Chinese: ) respectively bought an Optare Solo SR for their public light bus service. Optare Solo SR was the first model of low floor public light bus in use in Hong Kong.
North America
In the United States, a left hand drive version of the Solo was sold from 2003 to 2005 by North American Bus Industries (which at the time owned Optare) as the 30-LFN. Major purchasers were American Eagle Airlines and Miami-Dade Transit. NABI's sale of Optare coupled with poor sales led to its demise in the US market.
Middle East
In 2010, four Solos were purchased by Israeli operator Dan Bus Company.
Solo buses were purchased by the RTA in Dubai. Optare was to supply Dubai with 94 buses by quarter one of 2019 with a deal valued at approximately 18m British Pounds.
South Africa
In 2012, Optare delivered the first of 190 Solo SRs for Cape Town's MyCiTi bus rapid transit system. These were supplied as knock-down kits and assembled locally.
Australasia
In New Zealand, Reesby Buses imported nine Solo M880s to operate in Rotorua. In Australia, Optare Solos have been purchased by SkyBus, Transdev Melbourne and Ventura Bus Lines in Melbourne, Bus Queensland in Toowoomba and Hamilton Island.
References
External links
Solo
Electric midibuses
Hybrid electric buses
Low-floor buses
Low-entry buses
Midibuses
Minibuses
Vehicles introduced in 1998
Battery electric buses
Steven John Howard (born 10 May 1976) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker. Howard was usually cited as a typical target man and renowned for his aerial strength.
Club career
Early career
Howard began his career at non-league Tow Law Town, whilst working as a roofer as his day-job. He worked 12-hour shifts and also dug up roads before moving to Hartlepool United in 1995. He moved on to Northampton Town as their record signing for £120,000 in February 1999.
Luton Town
Luton Town signed him for £50,000 on 22 March 2001 with another £25,000 due if Luton avoided relegation, which they failed to do.
Howard was almost sacked from Luton in late 2001 after an incident during an away game against York City. The Hatters had been awarded a penalty, and Howard grabbed the ball from the designated penalty taker and promptly missed. However, an infringement was noticed and the penalty was ordered to be re-taken. Against the protests of the senior players and the management team, Howard once again grabbed the ball and stepped up to take the penalty, missing once again. He was substituted immediately afterwards and he walked straight into the changing rooms. After reclaiming his place in the team, Howard went on to score 24 goals as Luton finished runners-up in the Division 3 and Howard won the Golden Boot for that Division.
The 2002–03 season saw Howard partnered by Tony Thorpe. Many pundits expected Thorpe to be the striker to hit 20+ goals that season, but it was Howard who again finished as the Hatters' top scorer, this time with 23. Howard was part of the squad of players that dug deep and stuck together as the awful mess of the 2003 take-over saga unravelled. During that season, Howard suffered from a hernia and missed a large chunk of the season, but again he finished as the Hatters' top scorer, this time with 16 goals.
In the summer of 2004 a transfer to Sheffield Wednesday for £500,000 appeared to be imminent after Wednesday announced that Luton had accepted a bid for him. Luton then came out and denied accepting a bid. After much confusion, Howard stayed at Luton and earned himself a League One winner's medal. With 18 goals, Howard played a crucial part in Luton's promotion season, earning himself a place in the League One PFA Team of the Year alongside five of his Luton teammates.
Howard signed a new deal in June 2005, despite interest from a host of clubs in Luton's new league. In his first season at Championship level, he managed to hit 15 goals in 45 appearances. This is more impressive because Howard played a large chunk of the season at centre-half following an injury crise. Howard scored more than 100 goals for Luton and is the third all-time scorer. He wore the number 19 shirt at Luton, and Howard is regarded by Luton fans as a club legend, with over 100 goals in all competitions (96 in the league), five years of service, two promotions and a never-say-die attitude.
Howard's form attracted "derisory offers" from Leeds United, Cardiff City and Norwich City. On 22 July 2006, he signed a three-year contract with Derby County for £1 million. Then-manager of Luton Mike Newell said the club had no choice but to let Howard leave the club.
Derby County
Howard made his Derby County debut in a 2–2 draw with Southampton on the opening day of the 2006–07 season. His £1 million fee made him Derby's biggest signing for over 5 years and he initially struggled to repay it as he failed to score in his first seven appearances for the club. He finally broke his duck with the winner in a 1–0 victory against Wolves at Molineux and went on to score in four consecutive games, the first player to do so for the club since Fabrizio Ravanelli in 2001.
Howard quickly became a fans' favourite as his work rate and goals helped Derby to finish third in the 2006–07 Championship and eventually earn promotion to the Premier League for the first time in 5 years following a 1–0 win over West Bromwich Albion in the play-off final. He finished the season as Derby's top scorer with 19 goals, of which 16 came in the league and 3 in Cup competitions, two of which were vital goals in the Championship play-off semi-final first leg against Southampton at the St. Mary's Stadium, giving Derby a 2–1 lead prior to the second leg at Pride Park. Howard was also nominated for the January 2007 Championship player of the month award and was awarded the Jack Stamps Trophy as Derby's Player of the Season for 2006–07.
Howard, and Derby as a team, found life in the Premier League difficult and he managed only one goal in a 4–1 defeat to Manchester United at Old Trafford on 8 December 2007. He also missed a vital penalty in a 2–1 home defeat to Blackburn Rovers on 30 December 2007. It proved to be his last contribution for Derby County, and the club confirmed there was interest shown in Howard from other clubs in December.
Leicester City
Howard joined Leicester City on 1 January 2008 for a fee of £1.5 million, signing a three-and-a-half-year contract. Initially signing on loan, Derby teammate Matt Oakley joined him at the club on 11 January. He made his debut in a 3–1 defeat to QPR on 1 January 2008. He scored his first goal in an M69 derby on 12 January, in which Leicester won 2–0. Howard bagged a hat-trick in a 4–1 win over West Brom on 15 March, a result he said was coming and was confident the club could stay up. Despite regaining his form by scoring six goals however, Howard could not prevent Leicester from being relegated at the end of the season.
Desperate to win promotion back to the Championship, Howard was able to maintain his form the following season. Partnering teammate Matty Fryatt in attack, he scored 13 league goals and contributed numerous assists to help Leicester maintain their lead at the top of League One. He went on to help the club secure their promotion as champions, earning his second League One medal on 24 April. Howard was also voted Leicester City supporters club player of the season for the 2008–09 season. His overall performance earned him the club's player of the season award on 28 April 2009.
In April 2009, Howard believed Leicester could win promotion to the Premier League in the 2009–10 season. He failed to score his first goal until 12 December 2009, in a 3–0 win over Sheffield Wednesday. Howard scored a total of 5 league goals in 35 matches as Leicester qualified for the Championship play-offs. Despite eventually going on to lose to Cardiff City 4–3 on penalties in the play-off semi-final, Howard's performance in the second leg earned him great plaudits, being described in both The Times and The Scotsman as "unplayable".
Howard extended his contract with the club until June 2012 on 21 October 2010. He scored 4 league goals and played 35 games in the 2010–11 season, of which 19 were as a substitute. He was linked with a permanent move to Sheffield Wednesday in April 2011, but Leicester denied that they were selling him. In the 2011–12 season, Howard's position in the first team was limited as a result of Leicester buying new strikers. He made his 55th appearance off the bench in a 2–0 win over Coventry City on 3 March 2012. This made him the most-used substitute in the club's history, beating the previous record of 54 held by Trevor Benjamin.
Hartlepool United return
On 11 July 2012, Howard re-joined Hartlepool United as a free agent following his release from Leicester City His first goal back at the club came in a 2–1 defeat at home to Sheffield United on 2 October 2012. However, his first season back was not successful and Steve was booed off in his last game before being loaned out to Sheffield Wednesday while Hartlepool were relegated to League Two.
Howard's first game back from his loan spell at Sheffield Wednesday was in a pre-season friendly for Pools against Middlesbrough F.C. in which his substitution was greeted to boos due to comments he had made about the club in the press and on Twitter. Boss Colin Cooper stated that "He wants to repay the fans and although he knows that won't be easy, it's something he's determined to do" as he was handed the number nine shirt for the 2013–14 season.
Howard's contract was terminated by mutual agreement on 25 November after only managing 3 goals in a season and a half. His last game for Hartlepool saw him sent off after only being on the field for five minutes in a 3–1 home defeat to Oxford United.
Sheffield Wednesday
Howard was signed on loan on 28 March 2013 and was one of 3 emergency loan signings made by manager Dave Jones. Howard was brought in alongside Stuart Holden and Seyi Olofinjana. Some owls fans were speculative about the loan signing of the 36-year-old, who was brought in from – at the time – bottom of the League One Table, Hartlepool United who were on the verge of relegation. Howard made his first appearance for the Owls against Bristol City at Ashton Gate on 1 April 2013 in a 1–1 draw. During the game Howard flicked on a header to set Jermaine Johnson up for his fourth of the season. Howard only played 63 minutes before being substituted by striker, Gary Madine. Howard made his second appearance for the owls as substitute, in the 69th minute and replaced striker Leroy Lita. Howard started his third game for the Owls, partnered alongside Leroy Lita and was denied a first Wednesday goal from a close range shot saved by Millwall keeper David Forde, in a vital 1–2 victory over Millwall. Howard's first goal for the Owls came in the last game of the season from a Miguel Llera pass, Howard struck a top left finish in the 2–0 victory over Middlesbrough, to clinch safety from the hands of relegation.
International career
Along with James Morrison and Gabriel Agbonlahor, Howard was one of a number of English-born players identified in June 2007 as being eligible to play for Scotland. In November 2007, he was named in the Scotland B squad for a match against Republic of Ireland B, scoring on his debut in a 1–1 draw.
Personal life
Howard is a fan of Newcastle United and fulfilled a lifelong ambition of playing at St James' Park when he played in the Derby side which drew 2–2 on 23 December 2007.
Career statistics
Honours
Individual
Football League One Player of the Month: August 2004
Luton Town
Football League One: 2004–05
Derby County
Football League Championship play-offs: 2006–07
Leicester City
Football League One: 2008–09
References
External links
Profile and stats at FoxesTalk
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Durham, England
Footballers from County Durham
Anglo-Scots
English footballers
Scottish footballers
Scotland B international footballers
Association football forwards
Tow Law Town F.C. players
Hartlepool United F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
People educated at Park View School
Puentemys is an extinct genus of bothremydid turtle from the Paleocene-age Cerrejón Formation in Colombia. It is the largest known bothremydid with a shell length of up to . Puentemys is the only Paleocene bothremydid known from South America, and is most closely related to the genus Foxemys from the Late Cretaceous of Europe, showing that Bothremydini, the tribe of bothremydids to which Puentemys belonged, had a nearly worldwide distribution across the K-T boundary. The ancestors of Puentemys may have reached South America by dispersing across Paleocene coastlines or by riding currents across the Atlantic Ocean.
References
Bothremydidae
Paleocene turtles
Paleocene reptiles of South America
Itaboraian
Peligran
Paleogene Colombia
Fossils of Colombia
Cerrejón Formation
Fossil taxa described in 2012
Sarah Updike Goddard (January 5, 1770) was an American printer, as well as a co-founder and publisher of the Providence Gazette and Country Journal, the first newspaper founded in Providence, Rhode Island. She worked closely with her son William and daughter Mary Katherine, who both also became printers and publishers, forming one of the earliest influential publishing dynasties in the American colonies.
Early years and education
Sarah Updike was born at Cocumscussuc, Rhode Island, just north of the village of Wickford, where her parents, Lodowick Updike (anglicized from Opdyck) and Abigail (Newton) Updike, had inherited Smith's Castle, the original site of Roger Williams' trading post. Sarah was one of six children; her brother Daniel would go on to serve as attorney general of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.
She was well educated, studying French and Latin in addition to more usual subjects.
Career
In 1735, she married Giles Goddard, a well-to-do physician, and they settled in New London, Connecticut. Giles Goddard was also the postmaster in New London, and when he fell ill in 1755, Sarah served as postmaster in his place. Both of their surviving children — Mary Katherine and William — became involved in the printing and publishing businesses.
Sometime after Giles's death in 1757, Sarah moved to Providence, Rhode Island, where in 1762 she financed her son William to set up Providence's first print shop and an associated weekly newspaper, the Providence Gazette and Country Journal. Both Sarah and her daughter Mary Katherine worked in the shop and developed into accomplished printers alongside head printer John Carter, who had apprenticed with Benjamin Franklin.
In 1765, due to a lack of subscribers, William suspended publication of the Providence Gazette and moved away. Sarah took over management of the print shop with the help of Mary Katherine and issued broadsides and pamphlets as well as the annual West's Almanack under the imprint "S. & W. Goddard". In 1766, she revived the Providence Gazette with "Sarah Goddard & Company" as the publisher. That same year, she printed the first American edition of the letters of the essayist and poet Lady Mary Wortley Montagu. She added a bookstore and bindery to her operation before selling the business in 1768 to John Carter.
Goddard and Mary Katherine then moved to Philadelphia, where William had launched a new paper, the Pennsylvania Chronicle and Universal Advertiser. This paper had run into trouble due to William's erratic management and many absences. Goddard took over management of the paper and provided financial support, which allowed the Chronicle to survive. However, she died within a year of the move, leaving her daughter as the paper's manager.
A contemporary obituary praised Goddard for her "uncommon attainments in literature" and her "sensible and edifying conversation".
In 1998, Goddard was inducted into the Rhode Island Heritage Hall of Fame.
References
External links
1701 births
1770 deaths
American publishers (people)
People of colonial Rhode Island
American printers
Women printers
People from Narragansett, Rhode Island
18th-century American women writers
18th-century American businesswomen
18th-century American businesspeople
Richard Lindsay Hesketh (born 30 March 1988) is an English medical doctor and a former first-class cricketer.
Hesketh was born at Cambridge in March 1988. He was educated in Cambridge at The Perse School, before going up to Cardiff University to study medicine. From there he studied for his doctorate at Christ's College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge, he made two appearances in first-class cricket in 2010, playing one match apiece for Cambridge MCCU against Leicestershire at Fenner's and for Cambridge University against Oxford University in The University Match at Oxford. He scored 38 runs in these two matches, with a high score of 20.
Notes and references
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cambridge
People educated at The Perse School
Alumni of Cardiff University
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
21st-century English medical doctors
Rice Station is an extinct town in Estill County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Rice Station was established in 1891, and remained in operation until 1974. The railroad town was named for Charlie Rice, the original owner of the town site.
References
Geography of Estill County, Kentucky
Ghost towns in Kentucky
Colonel Sir Robert Nigel Fitzhardinge Kingscote (28 February 1830 – 22 September 1908) was a British soldier, Liberal politician, courtier and agriculturalist.
Biography
Kingscote was the son of Colonel Thomas Henry Kingscote, of Kingscote Park, Gloucestershire, by his first wife, Lady Isabella Anne Frances, daughter of Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort. His mother died when he was less than one year old, shortly after the birth of her second child, a daughter. His brother, Thomas Kingscote, also joined the Royal Household.
Military career
Kingscote was commissioned in to the Scots Fusilier Guards in 1846. He was Aide-de-Camp to his great-uncle, Lord Raglan, during the Crimean War, and later achieved the rank of lieutenant-colonel in the Royal Scots Fusiliers. He was appointed Honorary Colonel of the Royal North Gloucestershire Militia (later 4th (Militia) Battalion, Gloucestershire Regiment) on 28 January 1862 and retained the position until the unit's disbandment in 1908.
Political career
Kingscote was Member of Parliament for Gloucestershire West between 1852 and 1885. He was appointed Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Gloucestershire in 1856. The latter year he was appointed a Commissioner of Woods and Forests, a post he held until 1895. He was also a justice of the peace for Gloucestershire and Wiltshire and a Trustee of the manor of Horsley.
Court positions
Kingscote was a Groom-in-Waiting to Queen Victoria between 1859 and 1866, when he resigned, and as an Extra Equerry to the Prince of Wales in 1867. He served as Superintendent of the Prince of Wales's stables until 1885, was appointed to the Council of the Prince of Wales in 1886, and as Receiver-General of the Duchy of Cornwall in 1888, Extra Equerry to Edward VII between 1901 and 1902 and Paymaster-General of the Royal Household between 1901 and 1908. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1855, a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1889 and a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order in 1902.
Agriculture
Kingscote was also involved in agricultural affairs and served as President of the Royal Agricultural Society in 1878.
Family
Kingscote was twice married.
He married firstly the Hon. Caroline Sophia Wyndham, daughter of George Wyndham, 1st Baron Leconfield, in 1851. She died in childbirth on 19 March 1852 at Drove, Westhampnett in West Sussex: her newborn son died on the same day.
Kingscote married secondly Lady Emily Marie Curzon, daughter of Richard Curzon-Howe, 1st Earl Howe, in 1856. Lady Emily was a fellow courtier, serving as Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Alexandra. They had two sons and two daughters. His eldest daughter, Harriet, married Arthur Wilson and was the mother of Field Marshal Henry Maitland Wilson, 1st Baron Wilson. His daughter Winifred married Lord Rocksavage, later Marquess of Cholmondeley, on 16 July 1879. Kingscote died in September 1908, aged 78. Lady Kingscote survived him by two years and died in December 1910.
References
External links
Caricature of Sir Robert Kingscote by Leslie Ward at the National Portrait Gallery
Photograph of Lady Kingscote and two of her children at thepeerage.com
External links
1830 births
1908 deaths
Scots Guards officers
Gloucestershire Regiment officers
Gloucestershire Militia officers
English justices of the peace
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Equerries
Members of the British Royal Household
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1852–1857
UK MPs 1857–1859
UK MPs 1859–1865
UK MPs 1865–1868
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
UK MPs 1880–1885
Kozar is a personal name with its origins in Turkic and/or Slavonic languages.
A founding myth among the Khazars, as related in texts such as the Khazar Correspondence and King Joseph's Reply to Hasdai ibn Shaprut, held that they were founded by Kozar, a son of the Biblical figure Togarmah (or Togarmas). In such texts, the brothers of Kozar are given varying names, including: Bulgar (founder of the Bulgars), Ujur (Uyghurs), Tauris (Tauri), Avar (Avars/Varchonites), Uguz (Oghuz Turks), Bizal, Tarna, Janur, and Sawir (the Sabirs). The medieval Jewish Joseph ben Gorion lists the sons of Togarmas as: Kozar, Pacinak (the Pechenegs), Aliqanosz (the Alans), Bulgar, Ragbiga (or Ragbina/Ranbona), Turqi (possibly the Göktürks), Buz (the Oghuz), Zabuk, Ungari (either the Hungarians or the Oghurs/Onogurs), and Tilmac (or Tilmic/Tirôsz; the Tauri). In the Chronicles of Jerahmeel, they are listed as: Cuzar (the Khazars), Pasinaq (the Pechenegs), Alan (the Alans), Bulgar (the Bulgars), Kanbinah, Turq, Buz, Zakhukh, Ugar (Hungarians or Oghurs/Onogurs), and Tulmes (or Tirôsz; the Tauri). Another medieval rabbinic work, the Book of Jasher, gives the names: Buzar (the Khazars), Parzunac (the Pechenegs), Elicanum (the Alans), Balgar (the Bulgars), Ragbib, Tarki (the Göktürks), Bid (the Oghuz), Zebuc, Ongal (the Hungarians or Oghurs/Onogurs), and Tilmaz (or Tirôsz - the Tauri).
Khazars
Japheth
Turkic mythology
Case Broderick (September 23, 1839 – April 1, 1920) was a politician and U.S. Representative from Kansas. He was a cousin of David Colbreth Broderick, of Washington, DC; New York, and California; and Andrew Kennedy of California, who also became national politicians.
Early life, education and marriage
Case Broderick was born in 1839 near Marion, Indiana, a son of Samuel Broderick and Mary (Snider or Snyder) Broderick. Broderick attended the common schools in Indiana.
He moved at age 19 to Holton, Kansas, in 1858 and engaged in agricultural pursuits. Case Broderick married Mary A. Ewbank on August 23, 1860 in Jackson County, Kansas Territory. Mary was born in Dearborn County in Southeast Indiana, May 12, 1831.
During the Civil War, Broderick enlisted as a private in the Kansas 2nd Light Artillery Battery 27 May 1863 and was mustered out at Leavenworth 11 August 1865.
He studied law with an established firm and was admitted to the bar in 1870, starting his practice in Holton, Kansas. He joined the Republican Party was elected as mayor of Holton in 1874 and 1875. He served as prosecuting attorney of Jackson County from 1876-1880.
Political career
Broderick was elected to two terms in the Kansas Senate, serving 1880-1884.
In March 1884 he was appointed by President Chester A. Arthur as an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the Territory of Idaho and moved to Boise City, Idaho. He served until the fall of 1888, when he returned to Holton, Kansas, and resumed the practice of law. His wife, Mary, died November 13, 1888.
Broderick was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-second and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1899).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1898. He again engaged in the practice of law in Holton, Kansas. Retiring from the practice of law, he devoted his time to farming and livestock interests. He died in Holton, April 1, 1920. He was interred in Holton Cemetery.
References
1839 births
1920 deaths
Kansas lawyers
Kansas state senators
People from Holton, Kansas
People of Kansas in the American Civil War
People from Grant County, Indiana
Idaho Territory judges
Mayors of places in Kansas
People from Marion, Indiana
Union Army soldiers
Idaho Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American lawyers
Awa v Independent News Auckland Ltd [1997] 3 NZLR 590 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding the defence of fair comment / honest opinion to a claim involving defamation
Background
In the aftermath of the death of comedian Billy T. James, his uncle Awa took his body away from his Pakeha wife, in order to give him a customary Māori burial at his ancestral marae.
Auckland's Sunday News newspaper covered it with a quote referring to Awa as "Billy's 'body snatching' uncle".
Awa subsequently sued for defamation, which the newspaper claimed was "fair comment".
Held
The Court held it was fair comment.
References
Court of Appeal of New Zealand cases
New Zealand tort case law
1997 in New Zealand law
1997 in case law
Jim Kozimor is a television/radio sportscaster who has worked on four Olympic Games as a Play-by-Play announcer (Beijing, London, Rio, PyeongChang) for The NBC Sports Group. Play-by-Play with NBA, WNBA, MLS, College Football/Basketball & Olympic Sports background. Host/Anchor for NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL, MLS & U.S. Open events along with Daily Sports Talk program & Nightly News Sports Anchor. Previous Host of MLS on NBCS. He is a three-time Emmy Award winner.
Olympics
Kozimor has been involved in four Olympic Games calling Play-by-Play of badminton in 2008 (Beijing), 2012 (London), 2016 (Rio). He also called Curling for the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games for the NBC Sports Group. Kozimor also announced Play-by-Play for Luge, Triathlons and Shooting Sports for Universal Sports.
Play-by-Play
He has worked with four NBA franchises in various broadcast capacities. Began as a back-up announcer for the Golden State Warriors (1989–92). Then did radio Play-by-Play for the Philadelphia 76ers (1992–94). He worked for the Houston Rockets and Sacramento Kings and also handled TV/Radio Play-by-Play for the WNBA Comets and Monarchs for 10 seasons. Also filled in TV Play-by-Play for Detroit Pistons basketball. Hosted Kings TV Pregame show "House Party Live".
Kozimor has currently called college basketball games for the West Coast Conference. He has called college sports in the Pac-12 for football, men's/women's basketball, baseball, water polo, volleyball and lacrosse. He has also done the Women's NCAA Tournament for Westwood One Radio (2011–12).
He was the Play-by-Play announcer for the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer from 2010-2012. Awarded MLS Call of the Year in 2011. In 2012 also hosted MLS on NBC Sports pregame/postgame shows on NBCSN.
From 2009-2011 Kozimor worked for Universal Sports and called triathlons and luge events.
NBC Sports Bay Area/California
On April 4, 2011, Kozimor was hired by Comcast SportsNet Bay Area as an anchor for SportsNet Central and continued as a play-by-play announcer for the San Jose Earthquakes. Went on to host "SportsTalk Live" nightly sports talk show. Has hosted pregame and postgame shows for the Sacramento Kings, Golden State Warriors, San Francisco Giants, Oakland A's, San Jose Sharks and Oakland Raiders. Kozimor has won three Emmy Awards for his work as a host on championship parades (2015, 2016, 2018). Was Sports Anchor for NBC Bay Area Nightly News and host of "Xfinity Sports Sunday" weekend sports wrap-up show.
Radio
Is currently a show host on KGMZ-FM 95.7 The Game. Hosted Raiders pregame and postgame show (2017-2019). Spent ten years in Sacramento hosting a nighttime sports talk show on KHTK-AM 1140. Co-hosted a morning radio show in Houston on KSEV with Matt Thomas (1997–98) and was a host on WMVP AM 1000 Chicago (1994–96).
Personal life
Kozimor is a native of Chicago. He went to high school in Troy, Michigan and holds a bachelor's degree in communications from Michigan State University.
Kozimor and his wife Sandra have three daughters: Addison and twins Ava and Sasha.
Broadcast history
2011-current: NBC Sports Bay Area show Host for NBA, NHL, MLB, NFL programming.
2002-current: Play-by-Play college sports football, basketball, baseball, volleyball, water polo
2011-2012: Women's NCAA Tournament play-by-play, Westwood One radio
2010-2012: San Jose Earthquakes—play-by-play announcer.
2018: Winter Olympics (Curling)
2008-2016: Summer Olympics (Badminton).
1998-2009: Sacramento Kings, Sacramento Monarchs broadcaster.
1996-1998: Houston Rockets & Houston Comets.
1992-1994: Philadelphia 76ers—play-by-play announcer.
1989-1992: Golden State Warriors—sideline reporter, fill-in play-by-play announcer.
(1994–96): WMVP—talk show host.
(1989–92, 1988–89): San Jose Jammers, La Crosse Catbirds.
References
External links
Jim Kozimor's page at CSN Bay Area
Sacramento Kings Broadcasters Bios
Sacramento Monarchs Media Guide, Broadcasters
National Basketball Association broadcasters
Association football commentators
Olympic Games broadcasters
Michigan State University alumni
American television sports announcers
Sacramento Kings announcers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American radio personalities
Women's National Basketball Association announcers
College basketball announcers in the United States
Clearwater Lake Provincial Park was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba in 1963. The park is in size. The park is considered to be a Class II protected area under the IUCN protected area management categories.
See also
List of protected areas of Manitoba
External links
iNaturalist: Clearwater Lake Provincial Park
eBird: Clearwater Lake Provincial Park
References
Provincial parks of Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
is a private junior college in Beppu, Ōita, Japan, established in 1986. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1964.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1964
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ōita Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
Beppu, Ōita
1964 establishments in Japan
The Hits Album 6 is a compilation that was released in July 1987 by CBS, WEA and BMG in the UK. It was a successful album and reached #1, also achieving a platinum BPI award, becoming the 5th best selling album of 1987. It is also the second Hits Album to be released on compact disc, with 17 tracks from the standard 32 track LP/MC. A music video compilation was also released on VHS by CBS/Fox Video.
Noted for its extremely strong track selection, The Hits Album 6 includes six songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: "I Wanna Dance With Somebody", "I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)", "Respectable", "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now", "La Isla Bonita" and "Star Trekkin'".
LP/MC track listing
Record/Tape 1 Side 1 (1)
Whitney Houston - "I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)" (#1)
George Michael and Aretha Franklin - "I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)" (#1)
Terence Trent D'Arby - "If You Let Me Stay"
Club Nouveau - "Lean on Me"
Five Star - "The Slightest Touch"
Donna Allen - "Serious"
George Michael - "I Want Your Sex"
Mel and Kim - "Respectable" (#1)
Record/Tape 1 Side 2 (2)
Starship - "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" (#1)
Alison Moyet - "Weak in the Presence of Beauty"
Chris Rea - "Let's Dance"
Whitesnake - "Is This Love"
Fleetwood Mac - "Big Love"
Carly Simon - "Coming Around Again"
Errol Brown - "Personal Touch"
John Farnham - "You're the Voice"
Record/Tape 2 Side 1 (3)
Madonna - "La Isla Bonita" (7" Remix) (#1)
Bruce Willis - "Under the Boardwalk"
Living in a Box - "Living in a Box"
Curiosity Killed the Cat - "Ordinary Day"
Level 42 - "To Be with You Again"
Echo & the Bunnymen - "The Game"
The Jesus and Mary Chain - "April Skies"
Marillion - "Incommunicado"
Record/Tape 2 Side 2 (4)
Labi Siffre - "(Something Inside) So Strong"
Elkie Brooks - "No More the Fool"
Johnny Logan - "Hold Me Now"
Judy Boucher - "Can't Be with You Tonight"
Wet Wet Wet - "Wishing I Was Lucky"
Johnny Hates Jazz - "Shattered Dreams"
Pepsi & Shirlie - "Goodbye Stranger"
The Firm - "Star Trekkin'" (#1)
CD track listing
Whitney Houston - "I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Who Loves Me)"
George Michael and Aretha Franklin - "I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)"
Terence Trent D'Arby - "If You Let Me Stay"
Club Nouveau - "Lean on Me"
Five Star - "The Slightest Touch"
Madonna - "La Isla Bonita" (7" remix)
George Michael - "I Want Your Sex"
Mel and Kim - "Respectable"
Starship - "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now"
Alison Moyet - "Weak in the Presence of Beauty"
Chris Rea - "Let's Dance"
Whitesnake - "Is This Love"
Fleetwood Mac - "Big Love"
Carly Simon - "Coming Around Again"
Errol Brown - "Personal Touch"
John Farnham - "You're the Voice"
Labi Siffre - "(Something Inside) So Strong"
Video selection
Terence Trent D'Arby - "If You Let Me Stay"
Five Star - "The Slightest Touch"
Donna Allen - "Serious"
Alison Moyet - "Weak in the Presence of Beauty"
Errol Brown - "Personal Touch"
Living in a Box - "Living in a Box"
Curiosity Killed the Cat - "Ordinary Day"
Level 42 - "To Be with You Again"
Labi Siffre - "(Something Inside) So Strong"
Johnny Logan - "Hold Me Now"
Pepsi & Shirlie - "Goodbye Stranger"
Wet Wet Wet - "Wishing I Was Lucky"
The Jesus and Mary Chain - "April Skies"
Echo & the Bunnymen - "Lips Like Sugar" (Never released on a Hits album)
References
Collins Complete UK Hit Albums 1956-2005. Graham Betts. 2005. .
1987 compilation albums
Pop compilation albums
CBS Records compilation albums
Warner Music Group compilation albums
Hits (compilation series) albums
Julie Marie Harris (born 1967) has been Director of Research in the School of Psychology and Neuroscience (2011–21) and a Professor of Vision Science at the University of St Andrews. Her research investigates visual systems and camouflage.
Early life and education
Harris was born in Wolverhampton. She initially studied physics at Imperial College London and graduated in 1988. She moved to the University of Oxford for her doctoral studies and earned her Doctor of Philosophy degree under the supervision of Andrew J. Parker in 1992. Her doctoral research investigated the efficiency of binocular stereopsis. To do this she added binocular disparity noise to a stereogram and compared judgements of depths made by a human with those made by an ideal detector with the correct disparity. She demonstrated that human efficiency was low, particularly when depth profiles were not smooth.
Career and research
Harris joined the Smith-Kettlewell Eye Research Institute in San Francisco in 1992, where she worked as a postdoctoral fellow for three years.
In 1995 Harris was appointed a lecturer in neuroscience at the University of Edinburgh. She moved to Newcastle University in 1998 where she was made an associate professor. In 2005 she joined the University of St Andrews as a Professor of Psychology.
Harris studies visual systems; and in particular what environmental information a given visual system can process and how it makes use of the information. As part of this research Harris uses psychophysical, computational and behavioural approaches, which allow her to understand the processes that underlie human vision and how they connect to motor action. Her early work considered the accuracy of binocular judgements of the direction of motion. Through her work Harris looks to uncover countershading, a means by which animal species disrupt shape perception, how the brain perceives motion, shape and depth and different eye movements. Her studies of animal camouflage have included monitoring the three-dimensional camouflage of the caterpillar. In 2019 Harris and co-workers uncovered how the brain processes three-dimensional information; establishing that the brain separated motion signals into two distinct pathways as they move from the eye to the brain. These signals – of which one arrives quickly and the other slowly – allow for information to be extracted simultaneously from each pathway, and alert the visual system that there is a three-dimensional object. She has shown that people with lazy eye syndrome may be able to process fast three-dimensional motion. Harris looks to apply this understanding to situations where visual communication goes wrong.
Alongside her work on animal camouflage and three-dimensional vision, Harris has investigated the relationship between visual sensory and visuo-motor behaviour during the training of elite athletes. In 2019 she was awarded a Leverhulme Trust grant to study how unusual patterns in complex visual environments may specifically stimulate the visual system.
Selected publications
Her publications include;
Guidance of locomotion on foot uses perceived target location rather than optic flow
Speed discrimination of motion-in-depth using binocular cues
Binocular vision and motion-in-depth
References
Alumni of Imperial College London
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Vision scientists
Academics of the University of St Andrews
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of Newcastle University
1967 births
Living people
Smith-Kettlewell Eye Research Institute people
The silver-backed tanager (Stilpnia viridicollis), also known as the silvery tanager, is a species of bird in the tanager family. It is found in humid highland forests in southern Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia. It is regularly spotted at Machu Picchu.
References
silver-backed tanager
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
silver-backed tanager
silver-backed tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Mount Tomlinson () is a mountain 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) south of Mount Marsland in the northeast part of the Scott Mountains, Enderby Land of British Columbia, Canada. It was plotted from air photos taken from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) aircraft in 1956 and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for R.C. Tomlinson, a member of the crew of the Discovery during the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (BANZARE) of 1929–31. Mount Thomlinson has an elevation of 2451m.
Mountains of Enderby Land
Ken Kelley may refer to:
Ken Kelley (journalist) (1949–2008), American journalist and publisher
Ken Kelley (American football) (born 1960), American linebacker
See also
Ken Kelly (disambiguation)
Iron Dragon is a suspended roller coaster located at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio. Built in 1987 by Arrow Dynamics, it is located in the Millennium Midway section of the park.
History
Before Iron Dragon's 1987 debut, the Western Cruise (later known as Paddlewheel Excursions) boats circumnavigated the waters around this island. The popular boat ride's station sat on the same part of the midway where Iron Dragon's station rests today. (Riders can still spot the docking cleats welded to the dock while climbing the stairs to the boarding station.) The Monster circular ride used to call the land under Iron Dragon's transfer track home. Monster closed on Labor Day weekend in 1986 so Iron Dragon construction could begin. Planning for Iron Dragon began in 1985, the same year the Frontier Lift cable car ride (similar to the Sky Ride found on Cedar Point's main midway) opened for its final season.
In the early and mid-1990s, a "remote a boat" game was housed in the water under Iron Dragon's final helix element. This was removed in 1997.
With the closure of XLR-8 at Astroworld, Eagle Fortress at Everland, and Big Bad Wolf at Busch Gardens Williamsburg, Iron Dragon became the longest operating suspended roller coaster in the world. Iron Dragon is also the oldest of the five remaining suspended coasters built by Arrow Dynamics.
Characteristics
Iron Dragon's previous color scheme was red track with gray supports, similar paint schemes to that of Ninja at Six Flags Magic Mountain and Vortex at Canada's Wonderland (both are also Arrow suspended swinging coasters). In 2004, the supports were repainted yellow orange.
Virtual reality
In July 2016, Cedar Point began testing the use of virtual reality on Iron Dragon, in which riders wear Samsung Gear VR headsets to experience the 3D digital effects. Availability was limited from 6 – 9 p.m, and guests were required to sign up earlier in the day. Following positive feedback, Cedar Point made the new feature permanent on June 9, 2017, but later removed it on September 8, 2018.
Ride experience
This type of roller coaster features cars that hang beneath the track by a chassis allowing them to swing side to side. Some parts of the ride are built on artificial lagoons, and the track takes riders into wooded areas and over water. Iron Dragon is one of two roller coasters at Cedar Point to utilize two separate lift hills, the other being Cedar Creek Mine Ride. Both hills are built side by side and head in opposite directions.
After departing the station, the ride turns to the right. After ascending the first lift, which travels partially underneath Rougarou's lift hill and first drop, the ride descends down the ride's first drop and then rises into a wide left turn. This leads into a right turn, followed by a slight turn to the left and another turn to the right. The ride descends as it continues right and climbs upward, entering a descending, 270-degree helix. The train then enters a brake run and second lift hill, which moves in the opposite direction as the first. The drop off of the second lift is not very steep, but twists side to side, first going left, then right, then left again. The ride then pulls up, transitioning from a left to a right turn. The next drop curves left slightly, followed by a right-hand turn and drop into a right-hand helix over the lagoon. Water nozzles that spray mist are positioned under the pretzel-shaped helix, although these do not always run. After exiting the helix, the ride dips and rises once more, turns left and then right, followed by the final brake run leading back into the station.
References
External links
Cedarpoint.com - Official Iron Dragon page
Official POV of Iron Dragon
Iron Dragon at The Point Online
RCDB listing of operating suspended coasters by length
RCDB listing of Arrow suspended coasters
Cedar Point
Roller coasters introduced in 1987
Roller coasters operated by Cedar Fair
Roller coasters in Ohio
1987 establishments in Ohio
James Aikman Cochrane (born 24 June 1888) was a Scottish soldier of the British Army who won the Military Cross and the Belgian Croix de Guerre avec Palme and Croix de Chevalier de l'Ordre de Leopole. With his wife Margarita, he had two children, a daughter Marigold and a son also called James Aikman who Margarita decreed should be known as "Peter" to distinguish him from his father and a cousin. Peter Cochrane himself won a Military Cross during the Second World War in the Western Desert in 1940 and a Distinguished Service Cross in 1941 during the Battle of Keren.
References
Scottish soldiers
Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders officers
1888 births
Year of death missing
British Army personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Military Cross
Military personnel from Glasgow
Christopher Moretti (born November 8, 1986 in Cesena) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1986 births
Italian motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
People from Cesena
Supersport World Championship riders
Sportspeople from the Province of Forlì-Cesena
Sărmășag Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Sărmășag, Sălaj County with estimated coal reserves of 10.6 million tonnes. The legal entity managing the Sărmășag mine is the Ploieşti National Coal Company which was set up in 1957.
References
Coal mines in Romania
The Michigan Department of Agriculture & Rural Development (MDARD), formerly the Michigan Department of Agriculture is a department of the Michigan state government created in 1921 to enforce laws regarding agriculture production and distribution. Agriculture in the State of Michigan is now a $104.7 billion industry. A five-member commission heads the Department with a Director of Agriculture & Rural Development to administer the day-to-day activities.
Under Governor Rick Snyder, MDARD is now part of the "Quality of Life" group within state government, along with the Department of Natural Resources and Department of Environmental Quality.
The mission of the Michigan Department of Agriculture & Rural Development is, "To protect, promote and preserve the food, agricultural, environmental and economic interests of the people of Michigan."
The Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development has six divisions, which work to cultivate and expand new economic opportunities for the food and agricultural sector; safeguard the public's food supply; inspect and enforce sound animal health practices; control and eradicate plant pests and diseases threatening the food and agriculture system; preserve the environment by which the farming community makes their living and feeds consumers; and protect consumers by enforcing laws relating to weights and measures
History
The Michigan Department of Agriculture & Rural Development (then known only as the Department of Agriculture) was brought into existence in 1921 by the provisions of Act 13 of the Public Acts of 1921. Previous to this time, the regulatory work affecting agriculture was administered by commissions, departments and individuals. The act creating the department brought under one head the administering of all regulatory laws affecting agriculture. Commissions were abolished and all their work turned over to the newly created department.
Along with a proposed merger of the Department of Environmental Quality and Department of Natural Resources, in 2009 former Governor Jennifer Granholm issued an Executive Order making the Department's Director appointed by the Governor instead of the Agriculture Commission. In 2011, then Governor Rick Snyder renamed the department to Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, giving it an expanded mission in the rural areas to include economic, social, and educational.
Divisions
Agriculture Development Division
Animal Industry Division
Environmental Stewardship Division
Food and Dairy Division
Laboratory Division
Pesticide and Plant Pest Management Division
MDARD Executive Office
Human Resources is now part of Quality of Life Group HR Division
List of directors
John A. Dolle (1921 - 1926)
L. Whitney Watkins (1926 - 1928)
Herbert E. Powell (1928 - 1934)
Samuel T. Metzger (1934 - 1936)
James F. Thomson (1936 - 1937)
Burr B. Lincoln (1937 - 1938)
John B. Strange (1938 - 1940)
Elmer M. Beamer (1940 - 1942)
Leo V. Card (1942 - 1944)
Charles Figy (1944 - 1954)
George S. McIntyre (1954 - 1966)
B. Dale Ball (1966 - 1980)
Dean Pridgeon (1980 - 1983)
Dr. Paul E. Kindinger (1983 - 1989)
Robert L. Mitchell (1989 - 1991)
Bill Schuette (1991 - 1994)
Dr. Gordon E. Guyer (1994 - 1996)
Dan Wyant (1996 - 2005)
Mitch Irwin (2005 - 2007)
Donald Koivisto (2007 - 2010)
Keith Creagh (2011 - 2012)
Jamie Clover Adams (2012 -2018)
Gordon Wenk (2018 to 2018)
Gary McDowell (2019 to present)
Boards and councils
Pesticide Advisory Committee (PAC)
Michigan Craft Beverage Council
Fertilizer Research Advisory Committee
Rural Development Fund Board
Office of Racing Commissioner
Executive Order No. 2009 — 45 signed on October 8, 2009 transfer the duties of the Racing Commissioner from MDARD to the Michigan Gaming Control Board and abolishes the office effective January 17, 2010.
References
Agriculture Department
Michigan
1921 establishments in Michigan
Humphrey John Ikin (born 7 May 1957) is a New Zealand furniture designer.
Early life and family
Born in Lower Hutt on 7 May 1957, Ikin was educated at King's College in Auckland, before going on to study at Massey University from 1975 to 1977, and the University of Auckland in 1981.
In 1979, Ikin married Philippa Anne Malden.
Furniture design
Ikin's furniture is known for its design quality and Pacific minimalist look. In 1998, New York's I.D. Magazine listed him as one of the top 40 designers in the world and featured his piece Red Stave Chair alongside work by well-known designers Jasper Morrison (England), Philippe Starck (France), and Antonio Citterio. In 2001 he won the prestigious John Britten Design Award, presented annually by the Designers' Institute of New Zealand. In 2003 he received an Arts Foundation of New Zealand Laureate Award.
Ikin's work is held in both public and private collections in New Zealand and throughout the world. He teaches part-time at Unitec New Zealand in Auckland where, in 2002 he was appointed Adjunct Professor of Furniture Design at the School of Design.
In 1997, he co-curated with Carin Wilson a major exhibition of furniture at the Dowse Art Museum in Lower Hutt. Entitled Framed, the exhibition displayed the work of 23 studio furniture makers, ranging from young designers to experienced practitioners.
References
Helen Schamroth, 100 New Zealand Craft Artists (Auckland: Godwit Press, 1998)
Exhibitions
1987 - Solo Exhibition, Janne Land Gallery, Wellington
1990 - Solo Exhibition, Fisher Gallery, Auckland
1991 - Solo Exhibition, RKS ART, Auckland
1994 - Solo Exhibitions, RKS ART, Auckland
1994 - Room, Solo Exhibition, Dowse Art Museum, Lower Hutt
1997 - Facing North, Solo Exhibition, City Gallery, Wellington and the Auckland Museum (1998)
List of works
Works from the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
1957 births
Living people
New Zealand furniture designers
New Zealand artists
Massey University alumni
University of Auckland alumni
People from Lower Hutt
People educated at King's College, Auckland
Hercules Christiaan van Heerden, commonly known as Harry van Heerden (Schaapskraal, Tarkastad, Cape Colony, 2 September 1862 – Schaapskraal, Tarkastad, 17 July 1933), South African farmer and politician.
Van Heerden was president of the Senate of the Union of South Africa from 1920 to 1929.
1862 births
1933 deaths
Afrikaner people
South African people of Dutch descent
Presidents of the Senate of South Africa
The Euro Tour is a series of professional pool events set around Europe, founded in 1992, and created by the European Pocket Billiard Federation. The Tour's first event was the Belgium Open, held on May 29 – 31, 1992. The event was won by Mika Immonen.
As of 2022, the Euro Tour has hosted 173 tournaments, in the discipline of 9-Ball, hosting between 1 to 6 events per year, since 2010. The events are part of the official Matchroom Pool world rankings list; with the rankings contributing to playing in the Mosconi Cup.
Tournament statistics
Players from 23 different countries have already won a Euro Tour tournament. The Most successful player is Ralf Souquet of Germany, who has won 23 tournaments on the Tour.
References
External links
Official Website
Euro Tour
Cue sports leagues
Pool tours and series
Recurring sporting events established in 1992
Viridistria striatovirens is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1883. It is found in India.
References
External links
Images at Flickr
Pantheinae
Moths of Asia
The Orland Park Public Library serves the residents of Orland Park, Illinois. Orland Park is a southwest suburb of Chicago. Currently the library services approximately 58,590 residents. The library currently has 300,000 items available. The library is located at 14921 Ravinia Avenue, Orland Park, IL 60462.
History
The Orland Park Public Library was formed in 1937, when the Orland Park Women's Club decided to make the founding of a public library its major activity for the year. Partial funding was provided by a WPA library project through the Illinois State Library Extension board in Springfield. Mr. Roy Loebe donated the Purple Candle Building to use rent-free. Many other donors contributed to the fledgling library.
In 1940, the population of Orland Park was 631. In 1941, the Village Board passed an ordinance establishing a free public library operated by volunteers and stocked by donations. In 1943, a referendum was passed allowing taxes to be levied for the operation of the library.
By 1960, the population had grown to 2,592 and the library began receiving a new state library service, a bookmobile. This service continued until 1967 when the library joined the Suburban Library System. The population in 1970 was 6,391 and the Purple Candle Building simply could not hold another thing — records were even stacked in a bathtub. Plans were made to move the library into a larger building.
Expansion came in the form of a gift. As the Orland Park Herald reported in January 1975, "In an unprecedented gesture of largesse Andrew Corporation gave a gift of a new Library Building to the community of Orland Park at the Village Board meeting on January 13." The 7,000 square foot building, the Aileen S. Andrew Memorial, at 14760 Park Lane was dedicated on November 14, 1976.
The Village of Orland Park kept growing; the population for 1980 was 23,045. The Andrew Foundation once again donated the needed money, providing an addition to the library building, which increased its size to almost 18,500 square feet. Besides the addition completed in August 1983, the library began contracting for bookmobile service from the Frankfort Public Library during the summer.
The 1990 census reported 35,720 residents and the library was again in need of space. The Library Board purchased a bookmobile and an expansion of the building was approved. The second addition added the bookmobile garage, meeting room, boardroom, and Technical Services area. There was also a small remodeling project to add shelves for the public where the old Technical Services area had been. Financing, for the first time, was through a municipal bond issue.
In 2002, the Board of Trustees placed a referendum on the ballot to build a new facility to be located on 149th and Ravinia Avenue, replacing the current facility. The referendum passed with two-thirds of the votes in favor of the proposed building. Michael Barnes, an architect from Lohan Anderson, designed the 93,000 square foot building and W.E. O'Neil was chosen as the General Contractor. The new facility officially opened at 14921 Ravinia Avenue on September 12, 2004, and has won numerous awards for its building design.
Library programs
Orland Park Public Library offers a variety of programming for all age groups.
Special programs for babies and toddlers including storytime, crafts, and playtime are scheduled regularly. Smaller children are invited to Discovery Depot, Family Dance Parties, Board Game Fun, educational reviews of states and countries, holiday programming, and more. Some events require that residents sign up early in order to let staff know how many will be in attendance. Children of all ages have enjoyed visits from puppeteers, presenters, and superheroes. Older children can come in for science experiments and clubs based around being conscious of people's impact on the environment.
Teens have their own separate section with an iMac, an iPad, computers, appropriate books, and a cool hang-out area. Teen programs encourage youth to take charge and help out by becoming a discovery guide, a techie, or by joining on a variety of service projects. Teens also are invited to book clubs, crafting events, movies, and more.
Adult programming has a little bit for everyone. Adults can come and do genealogy, learn to use a computer, learn various social media, learn a new language, read the newspaper, and more. Adult writers groups, book clubs, and classes are all available. Programming for older adults is also available. Presenters have come in to talk about understanding Medicare and reminiscing about U.S.O. events from World War II.
Special events including singers, artists, historians, chefs, and decorators have also been scheduled.
Americans with Disabilities Act Statement : The Orland Park Public Library is subject to the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Individuals who require accommodation for a disability for any of the library presentations should contact the library at 708-428-5100 at least five working days prior to the event.
Awards
Winner of 2014 Downs Award
Winner of 2007 Brick In Architecture Awards Competition
Winner of 2006 Chicago Building Congress Merit Award
References
External links
Orland Park Public Library Home Page
Library Technology Guides Orland Park Public Library
NCES Library Statistics Program Orland Park Public Library
Brick Industry Association Awards Page
Chicago Building Congress Award History
Public libraries in Illinois
Libraries in Cook County, Illinois
Works Progress Administration in Illinois
Library buildings completed in 1976
Library buildings completed in 2004
Orland Park, Illinois
1937 establishments in Illinois
Youssef Ibrahim (; born 2 December 1995), nicknamed Youssef Obama (), is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Egyptian Premier League club Zamalek.
A product of the Zamalek youth system, he made his debut for the club in the Egyptian Premier League in 2014. He was sent out on loan twice between 2015 and 2016, with Al Ittihad and Wadi Degla, before returning to Zamalek.
Career
Obama began his career with Zamalek, being promoted from the under-23 squad to the first team in July 2014 by manager Mido. He was given the nickname Obama due to his resemblance to former U.S. President Barack Obama. In 2015, he joined Al Ittihad on a season long loan deal, along with teammate Ahmed Samir. He scored seven goals in 31 appearances to finish the season as the club's top goalscorer.
During his loan spell with Al Ittihad, Obama missed the funeral of his mother in order to play for the club. Having learned of his mother's death hours before a match against El Entag El Harby, he decided to remain with the squad and scored the winning goal in the match before breaking down in tears during his celebration. He later commented, "I wanted to follow my mother's wishes not to leave my team for any reason." Obama attracted worldwide attention for his reaction to missing a penalty during an Egyptian Premier League match while on loan with Al Ittihad. After seeing his penalty saved, Obama ran straight off the pitch and into the tunnel forcing manager Mokhtar Mokhtar to make a substitution as he failed to return to the pitch.
The following year was sent out on loan again with Wadi Degla, scoring twice in fourteen appearances. After returning to Zamalek, Obama agreed a transfer to Portuguese side C.D. Feirense following the expiration of his contract. However, the transfer was later cancelled and he signed a new four-year contract with Zamalek.
Zamalek
On August 27, 2017, Obama debuted for Zamalek against Haras El Hodoud SC. He got Shikabala's number 10.
On May 21, 2018, Obama scored the last penalty that marked the defeat of Smouha in the 2018 Egypt Cup final, which Zamalek won after beating Smouha 5-4 on penalties in the final match.
Obama signed a new four-year contract with Zamalek.
On July 31, 2019, Obama decided to hand his number 10 to Shikabala in the new season. His new number became 14.
On January 02, 2021, Obama scored a goal in Zamalek's victory over Enppi, with two goals to one at Petrosport Stadium in the fifth round of the Egyptian League.
On January 9, 2021, Obama scored his goal in the 17th minute in the match against Tala'ea El Gaish SC, which ended with Zamalek's 3-0 victory at Al-Jaish Stadium in Suez.
On January 19, 2021, the Zamalek team succeeded in occupying the top of the Egyptian League after beating El Gouna 1-0, the goal was scored by Youssef Obama in the 10th minute of the match that was held between the two teams at Petrosport Stadium.
On January 28, 2021, Obama scored two goals, in Zamalek's victory over Misr Lel Makkasa SC, in the tenth round of the Egyptian League.
Honours
Zamalek
(12 titles)
Egyptian Premier League (3): 2014-2015, 2020–21, 2021-22
Egypt Cup (5): 2013–14, 2014–15, 2017–18, 2018–2019 , 2021
Egyptian Super Cup: 2019–20
Saudi-Egyptian Super Cup: 2018
CAF Confederation Cup: 2018–19
CAF Super Cup: 2020
References
1995 births
Living people
Zamalek SC players
Al Ittihad Alexandria Club players
Wadi Degla SC players
Egyptian Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Egyptian footballers
Ekaterina Vladimirovna Malkova ((; born 12 December 1992; née Bolotova) is a Russian badminton player. She was the women's doubles silver medalist at the 2015 Baku European Games with partner Evgeniya Kosetskaya, and later won a bronze medal in 2019 Minsk with Alina Davletova.
Personal life
She is married to Saratov badminton player Vladimir Malkov.
Achievements
European Games
Women's doubles
BWF Grand Prix (2 runners-up)
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Women's doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series (14 titles, 4 runners-up)
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
Ekanerina Bolotova at www.baku2015.com
1992 births
Living people
People from Orekhovo-Zuyevo
Badminton players from Moscow
Russian female badminton players
Badminton players at the 2015 European Games
Badminton players at the 2019 European Games
European Games silver medalists for Russia
European Games bronze medalists for Russia
European Games medalists in badminton
In Oregon, mobs drove Chinese workers out of small towns and workplaces territory-wide in the Winter of 1885 and Summer of 1886. Many of the Chinese expelled across Oregon made their way to Portland, where they settled in the city's Chinatown. In Portland the Chinese were tolerated in part because of its close commercial shipping ties to China.
In 1886 an anti-Chinese convention was held for the entire Pacific coast in Portland. Governor Sylvester Pennoyer penned a letter on March 15 of that year, advocating that "legal" means such as officially sanctioned boycotts should be used to remove Chinese people from the state.
See also
Chinese American history
Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882
Chinese Massacre Cove in Wallowa County
Scott Act, 1888 and Geary Act, 1892
Anti-Chinese violence in California
Anti-Chinese violence in Washington
Chinese massacre of 1871
San Francisco riot of 1877
Rock Springs massacre, 1885
Attack on Squak Valley Chinese laborers, 1885
Tacoma riot of 1885
Seattle riot of 1886
Hells Canyon massacre, 1887
Torreón massacre, 1911 in Mexico
Lone Fir Cemetery
Xenophobia_and_racism_related_to_the_COVID-19_pandemic#Oregon
References
External links
Floor speech by US Senator John H. Mitchell on anti-Chinese violence, in 1886.
1885 riots
1886 riots
Anti-Chinese violence in the United States
Chinese-American culture in Oregon
Riots and civil disorder in Oregon
Hate crimes
1885 in Oregon
1886 in Oregon
Gyeongwon, Kyongwon, or Kyungwon (; also written with hyphens) may refer to:
Kyung-won (name), Korean given name
Kyongwon County, North Hamgyong Province, North Korea
Gyeongwon Line, railway line between Seoul, South Korea and Wonsan, North Korea
Gyeongwon, a former name of Incheon, South Korea
One human poll comprised the 1938 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year.
Legend
AP Poll
The scheduled final AP Poll was released on November 29, with Notre Dame No. 1, prior to their season-end game against Southern California.
The poll was extended for one week due to the "select quality of last Saturday's games, three of which had a direct bearing on the ranking".
The revised final AP Poll was released on December 5, at the end of the 1938 regular season, still weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
References
College football rankings
USS Kailua (IX-71) was originally CS Dickenson, a civilian supply and personnel transport cable-repair ship of the Commercial Pacific Cable Company that was based in Honolulu serving the island cable stations at Midway and Fanning Island.
The cable repair ship served as support ship for the company's central Pacific cable stations as well as doing cable repair. Dickenson evacuated personnel from the islands and arrived with the evacuees of Honolulu as the attack on Pearl Harbor began.
The ship was acquired by the United States Navy on 19 May 1942 to be renamed Kailua and assigned the Miscellaneous Unclassified (IX) number 71. After wartime service in the Pacific and Southwest Pacific Area the ship was sunk as a target on 7 February 1946. The wreck was found off the coast of Oahu at a depth of in 2013 by the Hawaii Undersea Research Laboratory.
CS Dickenson
Dickenson was designed by naval architects Cox & Stevens for the Commercial Pacific Cable Company to be built by the Sun Shipbuilding & Drydock Company of Chester, Pennsylvania. The ship was to be stationed at Honolulu for both supply and personnel support for the stations in the central Pacific and cable repair.
The ship's keel was laid as hull number fifty-seven on 16 November 1922, launched 17 February 1923 and delivered to the owner on 4 May. The ship was named for Samuel S. Dickenson who had planned, scouted and negotiated cable landing arrangements with local authorities, including in China and Japan, for the first trans Pacific cable begun in 1902 with cable from San Francisco to Honolulu. Dickenson's daughter, Mary Dickenson, sponsored the ship at launch. Dickenson was registered in New York. The ship sailed 23 May 1923 under Captain George Piltz, in charge of the Honolulu-Midway supply service for Commercial Pacific Cable Company, from Chester to Honolulu. On 12 July 1923 Dickenson sailed for Midway arriving on 27 July and sailing for the return to Honolulu on 27 July.
Superstructure on the shelter deck consisted of a forward deck house with bridge and pilot house at boat deck level and quarters for navigating officers and the superintendent's stateroom and office. The after house contained six two bed staterooms, two lavatories and one bathroom. Below the shelter deck, on the upper deck aft, were quarters for engineering officers, steward and galley personnel with crew quarters forward in two person staterooms. Galley and hospital spaces were also located on that deck. All living areas were ventilated and equipped with steam heat. In the hold, forward of boiler room and service oil bunkers, were four refrigerated spaces totaling . The fuel oil bunkers consisted of the service bunkers taking three frame spaces between the boiler room and refrigeration plant and two reserve bunkers each side aft at the engine room.
Ship's power was by means of four corrugated furnaces with a grate area of that heated two single-ended boilers, in diameter and in length, with a combined heating surface of . They supplied steam at 185 lbf/in2 to her three-cylinder triple expansion engine, which developed 800 horsepower [166 NHP] and gave her a speed of . The two masts could carry sail to steady the ship under normal operating conditions.
The ship had a diameter, high cable storage tank and two bow sheaves with a modified cargo winch for cable operations. For the dual role of cable work and supply ship for the Commercial Pacific Cable Company's remote island stations there were two cargo holds and room for twelve passengers. Registry information for 1939 shows a crew of 28 for normal commercial cable and passenger/cargo operations.
In 1941 Cable & Wireless chartered the ship to evacuate cable station and plantation staff from Fanning Island. Dickenson arrived off Honolulu with British evacuees from the island as the attack on Pearl Harbor began. The ship was followed by a Japanese submarine which was sunk by a U.S. destroyer.
Naval service
The Navy bareboat chartered Dickenson on 19 May 1942 and renamed her Kailua. She was commissioned on 5 May 1943.
Kailua left Pearl Harbor on 15 May 1943 to join the Service Force of the United States Seventh Fleet. Upon her arrival at Pago Pago, Samoa, 25 May she immediately began operations as an auxiliary in the Pacific islands. In June she reached Milne Bay, New Guinea, and for the next year remained there laying cables, anti-submarine nets, and buoys. Kailua reached Pearl Harbor 4 July 1944 and performed similar services there for the rest of the War.
She was decommissioned at Pearl Harbor 29 October 1945 and sunk as a target on 7 February 1946.
Rediscovery
In 2013 the wreck of the Kailua was discovered by the Hawaii Undersea Research Laboratory. It is located off the coast of Oahu at a depth of . The discovery was made on a dive of Pisces V to examine potential maritime heritage targets off Oahu. After checking two Japanese Type A midget submarines that were known, two other, unknown, targets were examined. The first was recognized as the cable repair ship and the second unknown was eventually shown to be the Japanese I-400-class submarine I-400 sunk during 1946 torpedo testing.
Awards
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal
Footnotes
References
External links
photo gallery at navsource.org
SBB-27: Cable-laying Ship USS Kailua Hawaii Undersea Research Laboratory Archive wreck data
press release announcing discovery of the wreck of the Kailua.
news article GERONTIC 'Ghost ship' prowled the undersea cables of the 1940s
1923 ships
Cable ships of the United States Navy
Ships built by the Sun Shipbuilding & Drydock Company
Shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Steamships of the United States
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Deportivo Bluefields is a Nicaraguan football team.
Based in Bluefields at the country's Caribbean coast, the club has played in the Nicaraguan Premier Division, their most recent the 2008/2009 season.
Despite its economic difficulties it features a talented squad, and many of the star players in Nicaragua's top clubs like Real Esteli or Diriangen began their career at Bluefields.
Coaches
José Nelson Lima (2006)
References
Football clubs in Nicaragua
1997 establishments in Nicaragua
Association football clubs established in 1997
Joaquín Jiménez Hidalgo (18 December 1935 – 2 December 2021) was a Spanish politician. A member of the People's Alliance, he served in the Senate of Spain from 1982 to 1986.
References
1935 births
2021 deaths
Spanish politicians
Members of the Senate of Spain
People's Alliance (Spain) politicians
People's Party (Spain) politicians
People from the Province of Córdoba (Spain)
The Church of St Michael and St Mary Magdalene, is the Parish Church of Easthampstead, Berkshire. The parish of Easthampstead is one of the largest parishes in the Church of England. The ethos of the parish is one of traditional worship allied to a liberal theology and inclusive approach to both social issues and theology. The church supports a large and growing congregation with activities and study groups for all ages.
History
God has been worshipped on the site of the church for well over 1000 years. By tradition, St Birinus, the first Christian missionary to the area, baptised in the spring just west of the present Church. According to legend, it was here that Cynegils, king of the West Saxons, first accepted Christianity in AD 635. Its prominent position on a hill, coupled with the dedication to St. Michael, one of the four archangels, and destroyer of the Devil, suggests that it might have been a place of pre-Christian worship.
The church was originally at the centre of a small ancient village, situated at the western gate to Windsor Forest, but is now part of the new town of Bracknell.
The present Parish Church was largely rebuilt in 1867, but retains many items from across the centuries. Rev. Osborne Gordon, Rector of Easthampstead from 1860, organised the rebuilding of the Church as well as the enlarging of the parish schools. The work was paid for by Caroline, Marchioness of Downshire, who lived at nearby Easthampstead Park.
There are nineteenth-century stained glass windows by William Morris and four windows by Sir Edward Burne-Jones, including the great east window featuring the building's patron saint at the Last Judgment (from the Book of Daniel). This is probably the artist's best work in glass to be seen anywhere.
On 9 June 2013, a new stained glass window in the porch, by the artist Thomas Denny, was unveiled by John Nike OBE DL. The window depicts Cynegils King of Wessex's baptism, witnessed by King Oswald of Northumbria and two of the daughters of Cynegils. The baptism established Christianity in the Thames Valley and may have taken place at Easthampstead in 635. The window marks the 60th anniversary of the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
There are memorials to the Trumbull and Downshire families, to the poet, Elijah Fenton, and to the polar explorer Frederick George Jackson.
In January 2009, major repair works to the roof were started, to deal with problems of dry rot, and damage from Death-watch beetle larvae. During this time, the congregation moved to the Roman Catholic church of St Margaret Clitherow in Bracknell.
Churchyard and wildlife
In recognition of the wildlife interest, the churchyard was entered into the Living Churchyards and Cemeteries Project in 2002 and received an Award in 2004. Work undertaken as part of the entry into the project has included monitoring wildlife, erecting bat and bird boxes and planting wildflowers.
Despite its busy urban setting, the churchyard is a haven for wildlife. Over a hundred plant species are found here, including many traditionally found in churchyards, for example germander speedwell (Angel's eyes), snowdrops (Eve's tears) and greater stitchwort (Easter bell).
The tombstones support lichens and mosses. Insects use the crevices present in many of the stones for shelter, and the stag beetle, an increasingly threatened insect which is listed on the Borough's Biodiversity Action Plan, has been spotted here.
The oldest living organism in the churchyard is a veteran yew tree near the south gate. Its girth exceeds 13 feet and in February its male cones release drifts of pollen into the wind.
Phone mast
During the early 2000s, phone companies applied to erect a phone mast in the Easthampstead area. After surveying was carried out, a report concluded that there was no suitable land on which to build a normal mast. Opposition to the visual impact came from local residents, who also cited health concerns over its proximity to a local school. The mast was erected but not in the conventional sense: the antennae have been placed on the four faces of the bell tower, and have been disguised to look like architecture.
References
External links
Church of England church buildings in Berkshire
Bracknell
Easthampstead, St Michael
Churches completed in 1867
Rebuilt churches in the United Kingdom
The Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive is a charitable initiative conducted by the United States Postal Service, National Rural Letter Carriers' Association & National Association of Letter Carriers in the United States to make significant donations of food to organizations serving needy persons.
History
For many years, a number of branches (locals) of the NALC had collected food for the needy as part of their community service effort.
The national, coordinated effort by the NALC to help fight hunger in America grew out of discussions in 1991 by a number of leaders at the time, including NALC President Vincent R. Sombrotto, AFL-CIO Community Services Director Joseph Velasquez, USPS Postmaster General Anthony M. Frank, and NALC Director of Public Relations Drew Von Bergen. A pilot drive was held in 10 cities in October 1991, and it proved so successful that work began immediately on making it a nationwide effort.
After receiving input from food banks and pantries, the NALC decided that the best time of year for this food drive to take place would be in the late spring. Most food banks start running out of food this time of year due to the largest donations being made around Thanksgiving and Christmas.
A revamped food drive was organized for May 15, 1993. The goal for the organization was to have at least one branch of the National Association of Letter Carriers participate from all 50 states. The first year of the nationwide effort collected over 11 million pounds of food, which was a one-day record in the United States, and with more than 220 union branches covering more than 1,000 communities participating.
Thereafter, the national drive was set for the second Saturday of May each year.
In 2010, 77.1 million pounds of food were collected, which helped the food drive surpass the 1 billion pound mark in total food collected over its history.
In 2016, the food drive collected a record 80 million pounds of nonperishable food, raising the total amount of donations picked up over the quarter-century history of the drive to more than 1.5 billion pounds.
In 2017, the food drive celebrated its 25th anniversary. The official magazine of the National Association of Letter Carriers, The Postal Record, ran a history of the drive's first 25 years, featuring an interview with Drew Von Bergen, a former NALC employee who coordinated the drives for many years.
In 2010, the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association became a full partner in the annual drive (though the NRLCA had participated in the drive from its inception), The food drive was not held in 2020 or 2021 due to COVID-19.
How it works
The Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive is held in all 50 states every year on the second Saturday of May: on this day, mail carriers both deliver mail and collect food donations. It is held in May because most food banks face a depletion in donations from the holiday season. Today, the Stamp Out Hunger effort is the United States' largest single-day food drive.
Impact
In 2016, the food drive collected a record 80 million pounds of nonperishable food, raising the total amount of donations picked up over the quarter-century history of the drive to more than 1.5 billion pounds.
The NALC food drive has also received two Presidential Certificates of Achievement.
Partnerships
The Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive has many supporters including The U.S. Postal Service, Campbell Soup Company, Cox Target Media, Valpak, the National Rural Letter Carriers Association, the Feeding America food bank network, the United Way of America and its local United Ways, the AFL-CIO Community Services network, Uncle Bob's Self Storage, and AARP.
Signing on as national food drive partners in 2017 were the U.S. Postal Service, the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association, the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union (UFCW), United Way Worldwide, AFL-CIO, AARP Foundation, Valpak] and Valassis.
Donations
The Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive will take donations of nonperishable foods in non-breakable containers such as cereals, dry milk, cereal bars, baby formula, canned fruit, canned vegetables, canned meats and fish, boxed or canned juices, canned soups, peanut butter, boxed instant food, pasta/boxed pasta, boxed rice and dried beans.
Trademarks
As of December 2015, the phrase "Stamp Out Hunger" is a registered trademark of the National Association of Letter Carriers. As of January 2017, the official logo of the Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive is a registered trademark of National Association of Letter Carriers.
Spokespersons
ActorEdward James Olmos is the official national spokesperson for the Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive.
References
External links
Social welfare charities based in the United States
National Association of Letter Carriers
Hoploparia benedeni is a species of fossil lobster found in Cretaceous rocks in northern France. It was first described in 1886 by Paul Pelseneer.
Stratigraphy and taxonomy
The type specimen was discovered in 1868 near Grandpré, Ardennes, France, and collected by M. F. L. Cornet. It was found in a phosphatic nodule in greensand deposits of Albian age.
The species was originally described by Paul Pelseneer in an 1886 article in the Bulletin du Musée royal d'histoire naturelle de Belgique, entitled "" ("Report of a crustacean from the green sands of Grandpré"). The specific epithet commemorates Professor Pierre-Joseph van Beneden, who donated the specimen to Pelseneer for study.
Description
The specimen is nearly complete. The tail fan (telson and uropods) and many of the thoracic appendages are not visible, but two large claws are well preserved. The length of the specimen, from the rostrum to the tail is – of which is the rostrum – and the animal has a maximum width of . Since the proportions of lobsters change little as they grow, it is impossible to say whether the specimen is a juvenile or an adult. Pelseneer originally placed the species in the genus Hoploparia, rather than the closely related genus Homarus, because the rostrum was not adorned with lateral spines. It was later considered part of the genus Homarus as the relationship between the two genera was reassessed, but has since been restored to Hoploparia.
References
True lobsters
Cretaceous crustaceans
Fossil taxa described in 1886
Fossils of France
Early Cretaceous animals of Europe
Barrow Gravel Pits is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Barrow upon Soar in Leicestershire.
This site in the flood plain of the River Soar has open water in the former gravel pits, marshes, hay meadows, woodland and scrub. Aquatic plants include yellow water lily, rigid hornwort, lesser pondweed and fan-leaved water crowfoot.
There is access through a caravan park from Bridge Street.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Leicestershire
First Community Bank (FCB), is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community. It is licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Overview
, the bank's total assets were valued at about US$187.62 million (KES:18.762 billion), with shareholders' equity of about US$14 million (KES:1.46 billion), and customer deposits of US$161 million (KES:16.126 billion). At that time, the bank was ranked number 21, by assets, out of 43 licensed banks in Kenya then.
History
First Community Bank was established in 2007 according to Sharia law by private Muslim investors in Kuwait, Kenya and Tanzania. The bank received a Kenyan commercial banking license the same year, and started operations in June 2008. The FCB is the first Kenya-based bank to operate according to the laws of Sharia. Since the founding of First Community Bank, another Sharia bank, the Gulf African Bank, has also received a commercial license from the Central Bank of Kenya.
Subsidiaries
The bank's first subsidiary is FCB Takful Insurance Agency, in which it maintains 100% shareholding. The insurance agency was established in 2010. The bank also owns a second subsidiary, FCB Capital Limited, the first Sharia-compliant Investment Bank in Kenya. It also is wholly owned by First Community Bank.
Branch network
, the bank maintains a network of branches at the following locations:
Wabera Street Branch - Prudential Assurance Building, Wabera Street, Nairobi
Eastleigh Branch I - United Textile Building, First Avenue, Eastleigh, Nairobi
Eastleigh Branch II - General Warungu Street, Eastleigh, Nairobi
Industrial Area Branch - Enterprise Road, Nairobi
Kimathi Street Branch - Jamia Mosque, Nairobi
Westlands Branch - Mpaka Plaza, Mpaka Road, Westlands, Nairobi
South C Branch - South C Shopping Center, Nairobi
Garissa Branch - Bajweed Building, Wajir Road, Garissa
Lunga Lunga Branch - Lunga Lunga Road, Industrial Area, Nairobi
Kisumu Branch - CAC House, Oginga Odinga Street, Kisumu
Nakuru Branch - Merica Hotel Building, Kenyatta Avenue, Nakuru
Malindi Branch - Malindi Shopping Complex, Lamu Road, Malindi
Mombasa Branch I - Shah Mansion Building, Digo Road, Mombasa
Mombasa Branch II - Imara Building, Digo Road, Mombasa
Moyale Branch - Shariff Guest House, Moyale
Wajir Branch - Mandera Road, Wajir
Mihrab Branch- FCB Mihrab Building, Lenana Road Nairobi
Isiolo Branch- White House Building, Moyale-Isiolo Road Isiolo
Bondeni Branch- Bat-Haf Plaza, Abdel Nasser Road Mombasa
AMAL Branch- Amal Plaza, Eastleigh First Avenue Nairobi
Governance
The bank is governed by Board of Directors. Sheikh Mohamed Mbaye, one of the non-Executive Directors, is the Chairman of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is Dr. Hussein Assad Ahmed Hassan.
See also
CBK
Kenya Banks
Kenya Economy
Sharia Banking
Gulf African Bank
References
External links
Website of First Community Bank
Website of Central Bank of Kenya
Banks of Kenya
2007 establishments in Kenya
Banks established in 2007
Companies based in Nairobi
The Clock in the Hatbox is a 1939 mystery detective novel by Anthony Gilbert, the pen name of British writer Lucy Beatrice Malleson. It is the fifth in her long-running series featuring the shady London lawyer and detective Arthur Crook. It was published during the Golden Age of Detective Fiction. Reviewing it for the Times Literary Supplement, Maurice Percy Ashley noted "The tale is very fairly told. Mr. Gilbert, whose work has not perhaps always been sufficiently appreciated in the past, has written a thoroughly entertaining story".
Synopsis
One of the jurors at the trial of the attractive Viola Ross, accused largely on circumstantial evidence of smothering her husband, has severe doubts about the case. The lone dissenter on the jury preventing a unanimous verdict of murder, a retrial is ordered. Convinced now of her innocence he engages the solicitor Arthur Crook to investigate the case and discover what really occurred.
References
Bibliography
Magill, Frank Northen . Critical Survey of Mystery and Detective Fiction: Authors, Volume 2. Salem Press, 1988.
Murphy, Bruce F. The Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery. Springer, 1999.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1939 British novels
British mystery novels
British thriller novels
Novels by Anthony Gilbert
Novels set in London
British detective novels
Collins Crime Club books
John Purifoy (1842–1927) was a politician from Alabama. He served as Secretary of State of Alabama from 1915 to 1919, Alabama State Treasurer 1911 to 1915 and State Auditor of Alabama from 1892 to 1896.
He was born on March 21, 1842. He went to Tennessee University where he left in April 1861 to join the Confederate Army. Following the end of the Civil War, he was a schoolteacher for several years and engaged in farming. Purifoy was elected Probate Judge of Wilcox County, Alabama in 1880 and, ten years later, was elected to the Alabama House of Representatives.
His son James L. Purifoy died in 1939.
References
Additional sources
http://www.archives.alabama.gov/conoff/purifoy.html
1842 births
1927 deaths
Alabama Democrats
Secretaries of State of Alabama
State treasurers of Alabama
State Auditors of Alabama
Danae is a monotypic genus of flowering plants. Danae racemosa is a slow-growing evergreen shrub about 60 cm in diameter and its common names are Alexandrian laurel and poet's laurel. In the APG III classification system, Danae is placed in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae (formerly the family Ruscaceae).
This shade-loving plant is grown primarily for its elegant glossy green foliage. The small greenish flowers are followed by red berries. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit (confirmed 2017).
The hydro-methanolic extract as well as two flavonoids isolated from the leaves of this plant have been found to exhibit anti-nociceptive properties in rats.
References
External links
Nolinoideae
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Robert Charles McMaster (1913 - July 6, 1986 Delaware, Ohio), a pioneer in nondestructive testing, was Regents Professor Emeritus of Welding Engineering and Electrical Engineering at Ohio State University (OSU). He has more than 300 publications and 19 patents.
Education
McMaster earned a B.S. in 1936 in electrical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University ; an M.S. in 1938 in electrical engineering and a Ph.D. in electrical engineering and physics in 1944 from California Institute of Technology. His Ph.D. research focused on the effects of light on power transmission lines.
Personal life
His daughter is novelist Lois McMaster Bujold.
References
1913 births
1986 deaths
American engineers
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
Ohio State University faculty
People from Delaware, Ohio
Esmond A Million (born 15 March 1938) is a former football goalkeeper.
Playing career
A Million played for Middlesbrough from 1956 to 1962. He joined Bristol Rovers in 1962.
In April 1963, he took a £300 bribe to throw a match. The ploy failed and A Million was exposed amid the 1964 British football match-fixing scandal. After having been banned from football for life, he emigrated with his family to Canada where he became active in professional ice hockey. He would eventually return to Britain and is now thought to be living in Tunbridge Wells, Kent.
References
1938 births
Living people
Middlesbrough F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
English footballers
Sportspeople involved in betting scandals
Thunder Warrior (, also known as Drug Traffikers) is an Italian action film written and directed by Fabrizio De Angelis (credited as Larry Ludman). It had two sequels, one released in 1985 and the other in 1988. The premise borrows heavily from First Blood.
Premise
A Native American named Thunder returns home following a long absence and discovers a construction company that's destroying a native burial ground, which is a breach of the treaty signed a century ago between his grandfather with the US Government. His attempt to alert the local authorities results in him being escorted out of the county by one of the sheriff's deputies, who order him to stay out of town. Having done no wrong and after being assaulted by the construction workers, Thunder returns and the situation continues to escalate. Leading into a war between the lone native warrior and the entire sheriff department.
Cast
Mark Gregory as Thunder
Valeria Cavalli as Sheela
Raimund Harmstorf as Rusty
Bo Svenson as The Sheriff
Antonio Sabàto as Thomas
Paolo Malco as Brian Sherman
Bruno Corazzari as Frank
Nazzareno Zamperla as Thomas's Friend
Slim Smith as Grandfather to Thunder
Production
Parts of the film were shot in Monument Valley, Utah.
Sequels
Thunder Warrior II (1987)
Thunder Warrior III (1988)
References
External links
Italian action films
1983 action films
English-language Italian films
Films directed by Fabrizio De Angelis
Films scored by Francesco De Masi
Neo-Western films
Films shot in Utah
Redsploitation
1980s English-language films
1980s Italian films
Flavio Crispo is a 1720 opera by Dresden kapellmeister Johann David Heinichen concerning Flavius Crispus, son of the Emperor Constantine I
The opera was never performed due to an incident where the star castrato singer Senesino tore up the music for one of his arias and cast it at the composer's feet. The incident was witnessed by Baron von Mordaxt, Protector of the King's Music who reported it to Friedrich August I, leading to the three Italian singers involved being dismissed and the opera cancelled. Senesino may have wanted to escape from the contract due to a more attractive offer from Handel, who the previous year had attempted to recruit the castrato to his company in London. Senesino was quickly hired by the Royal Academy of Music and spent the next 16 years in London. Heinichen never composed another opera for Dresden.
Recording
Flavio Crispo Leandro Marziotte - as Flavio, Dana Marbach - as Elena, English princess at the court, Alessandra Visentin - Fausta, Silke Gäng - as Imilee, Nina Bernsteiner - Gilimero, Tobias Hunger - Massenzio, Ismael Arronitz - Constantino, Il Gusto Barocco, Jörg Halubek CPO 2018
References
1720 operas
Operas
Port Pirie Junction railway station was located in the city of Port Pirie.
History
Port Pirie Junction station opened on 23 July 1937 when the Commonwealth Railways standard gauge Trans-Australian Railway was extended south from Port Augusta, and the South Australian Railways line broad gauge north from Redhill to a new break of gauge station in the Port Pirie suburb of Solomontown.
On 12 November 1967, it was replaced by Port Pirie (Mary Elie Street) station and later demolished.
References
Disused railway stations in South Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1937
Railway stations closed in 1967
Port Pirie
1967 disestablishments in Australia
The rufous-tailed xenops (Microxenops milleri) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
rufous-tailed xenops
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
rufous-tailed xenops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wythenshawe Town Centre is a tram stop on the Manchester Metrolink Airport Line. It opened on 3 November 2014. It is in Wythenshawe town centre next to shops, the library and Wythenshawe Forum. A new Wythenshawe bus station was built next to the Metrolink station, which replaced existing stops at the former bus station and Wythenshawe Forum.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Manchester city centre and south to Manchester Airport.
Ticket zones
Wythenshawe Town Centre stop is located in Metrolink ticket zone 4.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Wythenshawe Town Centre area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Branch Village is a village located on Rhode Island Route 146A ("Great Road") near the intersection of St. Paul Street in North Smithfield. The village takes its name from the Branch River which runs through it.
In 1795 Elisha Bartlett of Glocester built a scythe and tool mill in Branch Village powered by the river. After his death in 1805, the mill was expanded to manufacture cotton. Branch Village is home to restaurants, supermarkets, a fire station with an adjoining fire lookout tower, and other businesses.
External links and references
Villages in Providence County, Rhode Island
Villages in Rhode Island
Inundative application of a biological control or natural enemy of a pest refers to the release of overwhelming numbers of a mass-produced biological control agent in the expectation of either achieving a rapid reduction of a pest population, or to improve the long-term survival of the biocontrol agent.
References
Biological pest control
The 7 Adventures of Sinbad (previously The 7 Voyages of Sinbad) is a 2010 American adventure film directed by Adam Silver and Ben Hayflick. As a mockbuster distributed by The Asylum, it attempts to capitalise on Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time and Clash of the Titans.
Plot
Adrian Sinbad is a millionaire owner of an oil company and is from a long-line of descendants of great mariners. He and a small group of people fly to the Indian Ocean after learning that his oil rig has sunk after being taken over by Somali pirates. The helicopter becomes trapped in a thunderstorm and Sinbad refuses to go back, ignoring the pleas of his pilot. The helicopter crashes into the sea and he is washed ashore, Sinbad later battles a giant crab and meets up with his surviving crew, Gemma and Whitaker as well as Mehrak, the leader of the Somali pirates, and Atash, the oil tanker's captain and his crew member. Sinbad also encounters Loa, a female warrior living on the island. Loa tells Sinbad that he must fulfill a long-forgotten pledge and become a warrior to save the world from catastrophe from Elmec Ishu, a supernatural force that is angered by the oil spill after Sinbad's rig is sunk. The island suddenly experiences a violent earthquake, and the group then plunges into the sea, the island is actually the back of an enormous but harmless sea creature and they are attacked by a flock of large flying reptiles (called Rocs in the film), they take them back to their nest to be fed to their young. Meanwhile, Simon, the CEO of Sinbad's company, takes over while Sinbad is missing.
The group manage to fight off a Roc and flee their nest, but a crew member is devoured by a young Roc. They flee to a cave, which is home to a club-wielding Cyclops. Whitaker checks out the inside of the cave, but is ultimately killed and possibly eaten by the Cyclops. Sinbad blinds the Cyclops and later trips and impales him by a stalagmite. When night falls, the men are seduced and hypnotized by some Sirens, and are to be eaten by them. Loa and Gemma prepare to kill the Sirens when it is darker, so that they can avoid getting hypnotized by looking into their eyes. But unfortunately, Gemma is hypnotized by a Siren and devoured. Loa kills all of the Sirens as they are preparing to devour the men, and Sinbad finishes off their queen. Later Sinbad and his companions enter a small village, called 'Utopia', where all those who are stranded join. Loa realizes her father is the leader of the 'Utopia' and Sinbad, Mehrak, and Atash are forced to fight each other. Atash is shot by one of them after Mehrak refuses to kill him.
Sinbad tries to convince the people that he knows a way to escape, but one of them says he's lying, Loa kills the man and a fight is started between those who want to join Sinbad and those who want 'Utopia'. Mehrak is injured and fights gallantly but is killed seeing her father get injured. while trying to distract them while Sinbad and Loa escape. Sinbad knows that he must retrieve otherworldly crystals in a mountain, in order to escape the island and lowers himself down, and retrieves the crystal and kills a demon residing in the mountain with explosives. Sinbad and Loa learn that the crystal produces steam when in contacts with water after her father died. They use an old hot-air balloon and use the crystal to power the balloon, and find a ship and call for help, Loa is missing but the ship crew manages to find her. Sinbad and Loa head back to his company and uses his mini submarine to head into the sea to bring the oil rig to surface while Elmec Ishu unleashes his wrath on the city by summoning deadly water spouts, Simon is killed after sabotaging Sinbad's mission. The submarine is confronted by a giant squid, but it does not attack them, the oil rig is successfully raised and Elmec Ishu stops his rampage and appears, and commands the squid to bring the submarine to safety.
Cast
Patrick Muldoon as Adrian Sinbad
Sarah Desage as Loa
Bo Svenson as Simon Magnusson
Kelly O'Leary as Gemma Hargrove
Berne Velasquez as Mehrak
Dylan Jones as Joseph Atash
Peter Greathouse as Whitaker
Clifford Garbutt as Abdi the Consul
Dax as Maxamillion
Gautam Sabnani as Lincoln
Horacio Louis Guerrero as Andrews
Rhondeen Pitts as Mei
Oliver Mason as Alex Degraves
Victoria Jefferies as Queen Siren
Mark Lopez as sailor
References
External links
The 7 Adventures of Sinbad at The Asylum
2010 films
The Asylum films
Direct-to-video adventure films
2010s English-language films
Films based on Sinbad the Sailor
2010s adventure films
2010 independent films
Mockbuster films
2010s American films
Richard Lee Kester (born July 7, 1946) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher. Kester played for the Atlanta Braves from to .
External links
1946 births
Living people
Baseball players from New York (state)
Atlanta Braves players
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Iola, Kansas
Arizona Instructional League Braves players
Austin Braves players
Greenwood Braves players
Richmond Braves players
Þórir Jónsson (22 August 1926 – 1 July 2017) was an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed in two events in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
References
1926 births
2017 deaths
Thorir Jonsson
Alpine skiers at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Thorir Jonsson
The minimum weight is a concept used in various branches of mathematics and computer science related to measurement.
Minimum Hamming weight, a concept in coding theory
Minimum weight spanning tree
Minimum-weight triangulation, a topic in computational geometry and computer science
Tingole is a town and seat of the commune of Binko in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Petra Henzi (born 14 October 1969) is a retired Swiss professional mountain biker. Throughout her sporting career, she has won numerous Swiss national championship titles, and more importantly, a total of four prestigious medals (one gold, one silver, and two bronze) in women's cross-country race at the UCI Mountain Bike World Championships. Henzi later represented her nation Switzerland, as a 38-year-old senior, at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and also rode professionally for more than five seasons on Fischer-BMC Team, before retiring from the sport in early 2010.
Racing career
As a full-time member of Fischer-BMC team since her professional cycling debut in 2002, Henzi sought sporting headlines on the international scene at the 2005 UCI Mountain Bike World Championships in Livigno, Italy, where she claimed the bronze medal in the women's marathon race, adding the Swiss national championship title to her career resume in that same year.
A year later, Henzi continued to flourish her ample success in mountain biking, as she collected a Swiss national championship title in women's cyclo-cross, and a prestigious silver medal in the marathon race at the 2006 UCI World Championships in Oisans, France. With the sudden absence of three-time world and defending Olympic champion Gunn-Rita Dahle Flesjå of Norway due to a sustained stomach virus, Henzi managed to hold off a sprint cross-country race against Germany's Sabine Spitz for an elusive gold medal in the same distance at the 2007 UCI World Championships in Verviers, Belgium. Henzi's striking effort on her gold-medal success strongly guaranteed an automatic spot for her team at the Olympics.
Henzi qualified for the Swiss squad, along with her teammate and European junior champion Nathalie Schneitter, in the women's cross-country race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing by receiving one of the nation's two available berths for her team from the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), based on her best performance at the World Cup series and Mountain Biking World Rankings. She successfully completed a 4.8-km sturdy, treacherous cross-country course with a career-high, sixth-place effort in 1:48:41, narrowly missing out the Olympic podium by more than two seconds.
Shortly after the Olympics, Henzi established herself again as the top female cyclist by surpassing her teammate Esther Süss for another gold medal at the second and final stage of the Nissan UCI MTB World Cup in Ornans, France. Because of her continuous triumphs and a more profound dedication to the sport, Henzi was officially nominated to be the Swiss Sportswoman of the Year, but did not reach the final shortlist.
At the 2009 UCI World Championships in Graz, Austria, Henzi could not match a sterling ride with a bronze-medal effort in the women's cross-country race, trailing behind her rivals Spitz and Süss by almost three minutes.
Career achievements
2005
1st Swiss MTB Championships (Cross-country), Champéry (SUI)
UCI World Championships (Marathon), Livigno (ITA)
UCI World Championships (Cross-country), Livigno (ITA)
2005
1st Swiss MTB Championships (Cyclo-cross), Meilen (SUI)
UCI World Championships (Marathon), Oisans (FRA)
2007
UCI World Championships (Marathon), Verviers (BEL)
2008
Stage 2, Nissan UCI World Cup, Ornans (FRA)
6th Olympic Games (Cross-country), Beijing (CHN)
2009
UCI World Championships (Marathon), Graz (AUT)
2010
2nd Swiss MTB Championships (Marathon), Mendrisio (SUI)
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1969 births
Living people
People from Aarau District
Swiss female cyclists
Cross-country mountain bikers
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Switzerland
UCI Mountain Bike World Champions (women)
Sportspeople from Aargau
Guillermo Mendoza Molina (born 25 June 1945), is recognized like GuilleMendo is a former Mexican cyclist. He competed in the men's tandem at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Mexican male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Mexico
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Mexico City
Arvydas Novikovas (born 18 December 1990) is a Lithuanian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club Erzurumspor F.K..
Club career
Lithuania
Novikovas started his professional football career in Lithuania, his hometown of Vilnius. He first played for the youth side of FK Vilnius and on loan to sister-club Interas-AE Visaginas. At the time in Lithuania, he impressed while on trial with Benfica, but did not sign for them.
Heart of Midlothian
In September 2008, Novikovas signed for Heart of Midlothian. He made his first team debut for Hearts in the last game of the 2008–09 Scottish Premier League season, a goalless draw against Celtic, coming on as a substitute in the 51st minute for David Templeton.
In the 2009–10 season, Novikovas earned a first team place, though spending most of the time on the bench, in most matches. Towards the end of the season, Novikovas signed a contract with the club, a three-year deal which would keep him in Edinburgh until 2013.
Still very young, Novikovas suffered a serious injury and upon his return, he was sent to play some games for Hearts reserve and feeder team Tynecastle FC. There he was injured again after a horror tackle by Alasdair Kilgour, which delayed his return to the Hearts first team.
In the 2010–11 season, his playing time in the first team was still slender. Despite the first team lack of opportunities, he scored his first league goal for Hearts in the 5–0 win over Aberdeen at Tynecastle on 11 December 2010. Throughout the remainder of the 2010–11 season, he went on loan to Scottish Premier League's rivals St Johnstone.
In the 2011–12 season, on 13 August 2011, he struck his second goal for Hearts, again against Aberdeen, after starting the game up front alongside John Sutton, who scored the other two goals in a 3–0 victory for Hearts. A week after scoring his second goal, he made his European debut, playing the entire game in the second leg of the UEFA Europa League Qualification Round, a goalless draw against Tottenham Hotspur, which eliminated Hearts after a 5–0 loss in the first leg. He's been in and out of the first team ever since joining the club. In a 2–2 draw with Dundee United, Novikovas came off the bench to score an equaliser, his third goal for the club. After the match, Novikovas said his equaliser against Dundee United was the best he had ever scored.
In the 2012–13 season, Novikovas first team opportunities started to increase, following the departure of a bunch of players. He scored his fourth goal for the club in a 2–2 draw against Inverness Caledonian Thistle on 18 August 2012 and played both legs in the Europa League Qualification Round against Liverpool, which proved to be too strong for the Scottish side. Still the Edinburgh-based team pulled out a 1–1 draw in the second leg. In March 2013, Novikovas was then included in the substitute bench for the final of the Scottish League Cup against St Mirren and would come on for Jamie Walker on the 64th minute, as Hearts lost 3–2.
The official Hearts website announced that he had left the club to pursue his career elsewhere on 31 May 2013. After his departure, Edinburgh Evening News reported that if Novikovas joined a new club, the club would receive £100,000 compensation.
St Johnstone (loan)
On the last day of the January 2011 transfer window, Novikovas went on loan to St Johnstone until the end of the 2010–11 season. He made his debut for St Johnstone in their 2–0 victory over Hamilton on 1 February. In all he made six appearances for the Perth side.
Erzgebirge Aue
On 22 June 2013, it was announced that Novikovas signed a three-year deal with Erzgebirge Aue. It was thought that Novikovas was signed as Jan Hochscheidt replacement who has moved to Eintracht Braunschweig. During first league match for his new team Novikovas received two yellow cards and was sent off. In fourth league match for Aue he scored double, helping team to reach 2–1 victory over FC Energie Cottbus.
Vfl Bochum
On 24 July 2015, Vfl Bochum announced that they signed Novikovas for free from FC Erzgebirge Aue on a two-year deal Novikovas played 20 games for Vfl Bochum, providing only 1 assist on his stay there. On 12 January 2017, Vfl Bochum confirmed that Novikovas has left for Jagiellonia Białystok on a free.
Jagiellonia Białystok
Novikovas joined Jagiellonia Białystok on a free, signing a contract until 31 December 2019. Novikovas was given the number 9 and was immediately a starter. During his two season there he has helped Jagiellonia Białystok finish second twice in a row. He scored 16 goals and provided 12 assists in the 58 games he has played for them, starting the 2018–19 season with three goals and two assists in his first nine games.
International career
Novikovas represented the Lithuania under-21's when he was just a 16-year-old.
In May 2009, he was called up to the Lithuania squad, for their FIFA World Cup qualifier with Romania. On 9 September, Novikovas scored for Lithuania under-21s 1–1 against Macedonia under-21 in the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification Group 9 match.
On 25 May 2010, he gained his first cap against Ukraine in Kharkiv.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Lithuania's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Novikovas goal.
References
External links
Player profile at heartsfc.co.uk
Player profile at national-football-teams.com
1990 births
Living people
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
Lithuanian footballers
Footballers from Vilnius
Lithuanian people of Russian descent
FC Vilnius players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
St Johnstone F.C. players
Interas-AE Visaginas players
Association football wingers
Lithuania international footballers
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
VfL Bochum players
2. Bundesliga players
Jagiellonia Białystok players
Legia Warsaw players
Ekstraklasa players
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Büyükşehir Belediye Erzurumspor footballers
Arthur Clifford "Hi" Ladd (February 9, 1870 – May 7, 1948) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Boston Beaneaters in 1898. Arthur is the great great grandfather of current NHL player Andrew Ladd
External links
1870 births
1948 deaths
Major League Baseball outfielders
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Boston Beaneaters players
Fall River Indians players
Charleston Seagulls players
Paterson Giants players
Worcester Farmers players
Newark Colts players
Derby Angels players
Bridgeport Orators players
19th-century baseball players
Baseball players from Connecticut
Woonsocket (minor league baseball) players
is a private university in Aoba-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. In 2009, the university was reorganized from a two-year college to a four-year university.
Originally established in 1966 as a women's junior college.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2010
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Yokohama
Western Metropolitan Area University Association
2010 establishments in Japan
Mande may refer to:
Mandé peoples of western Africa
Mande languages
Manding, a term covering a subgroup of Mande peoples, and sometimes used for one of them, Mandinka
Garo people of northeastern India and northern Bangladesh
Mande River in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mandé, Mali
Surname
Hendrik Mande (d. 1431), Dutch mystical writer
Jerold Mande (b. 1954), American nutritionist and civil servant
See also
Mand (disambiguation)
Manda (disambiguation)
Mandi (disambiguation)
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Ypsolopha colleaguella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the Volga River valley in southern Russia and Kazakhstan (the area of the lower Irtysz River near the Chinese border).
The wingspan is 17.5–19.5 mm. The forewings are lanceolate and two-coloured. The division line between the two colours runs along the white narrow band passing in the half of its width from the base to the external margin. The part adjusted to the costal margin is white, but sometimes tinged dark-brown scales. The fragment adjusted to the rear margin is dark grey with a narrow whitish streak at the dorsum. There are irregularly distributed small dark dots over the whole area of the wing. The fringes are three-coloured and the colour of a given part matches that of the corresponding part of the wing. The hindwings are white-grey at the base and in the middle part, but distinctly dark grey at the apex. The fringes are of the same colour. The thorax is white-grey and the abdomen is white with a few grey scales. The legs are covered with two-coloured white-grey adherent scales.
Etymology
The name is a dedication to the friends of the author who helped in his work on Ypsolophidae.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Asia
Chautar or Chaotaer (Cotton cloth) is an old cotton fabric of the Mughal period. The chautar was a mulmul variety, and the finest mulmul was termed as "Mulmul Shahi" in Hindi and Persian languages. It was produced in Eastern India. Way back, Chittagong was exporting this cloth. Conceivably then cloths were produced in smaller pieces only since the Chautar is described as a piece good. It has been recorded with specific dimensions, i.e., length 12.44 meters and width 77.75 centimeters. Chautar was compared with sansuo, which was a three shuttle cloth, type of fine cotton variety produced at Songjiang .
Cloths with similar names
"Chowtars" (means four wires) were characterised as cloth made with four warp and weft threads on both sides. "Chautahi" a "four folded cloth" was a quality more often used in the Punjab region.
Special mentions
Ma Huan a Chinese voyager also referred Chautar. In the 1431 expedition, he visited Bengal, Chittagong, Sonargaon, Gaur and Calicut. From Calicut, he was sent by Eunuch Hong Bao as emissary to Mecca.
Abu'l-Fazl ibn Mubarak, one of the nine Jewels of Akbar's royal court, mentioned this fabric the Ain-i-Akbari.The Chautar was very much light and thin. They used it to strengthen the paper by inserting one layer between the two layers of paper.
See also
Mughal Karkhanas
Ain-i-Akbari
Panchtoliya
References
Textiles
