Katherine de la Pole (1410/1411 – 1473) was the abbess of Barking Abbey.
Life
La Pole was born in about 1410 and she was the oldest daughter of Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk and Katherine de Stafford.
She became abbess of Barking Abbey in January 1433. In this capacity, between 1437 and 1440, she took care of Edmund and Jasper Tudor, the two eldest sons of Catherine of Valois (widowed queen of King Henry V of England) by her second husband Owen Tudor. Katherine persuaded King Henry VI to take an interest in the boys, who were his half-brothers. Henry later ennobled them, thereby instigating one of the important steps to Edmund's son Henry Tudor later claiming the English throne. Edmund's wife Lady Margaret Beaufort, mother of Henry Tudor, had been a ward of Katherine's brother, William de la Pole, steward of the royal household.
There is a story about a slippery priest named Robert Colynson who managed to cheat her out of five pounds. He had offered to go to Rome and to say prayers for the nuns. He was paid five pounds in 1453 but he never went.
Her abbey's water supply was ransomed by John Rigby of Cranbrook Manor in 1462. The water conduit to the abbey had broken and John Rigby had it repaired. He then decided that the abbey should pay an annual fee for its water supply. Katherine de la Pole was annoyed at this and instigated work to find an alternative and independent supply from their own spring.
She died at Barking Abbey in 1473 and is presumed to have been buried there.
Notes
15th-century English nuns
Daughters of British earls
People from Barking, London
English Roman Catholic abbesses
Michael Julian Meyer (born 1 September 1992) is a South African swimmer. He competed in the men's 400 individual medley event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He finished 17th in the heats with a time of 4:18.13 and did not qualify for the final.
References
1992 births
Living people
South African male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of South Africa
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Arizona Wildcats men's swimmers
North Carolina Tar Heels men's swimmers
20th-century South African people
21st-century South African people
Lena Düsterhöft (born 26 August 1996) is a German ice hockey player for the Minnesota State Mavericks and the German national team.
She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Munich
German women's ice hockey defencemen
Minnesota State Mavericks women's ice hockey players
German expatriate ice hockey people
German expatriate sportspeople in the United States
NGC 501, also occasionally referred to as PGC 5082 or GC 284, is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Pisces. It is located approximately 224 million light-years from the Solar System and was discovered on 28 October, 1856 by Irish astronomer R. J. Mitchell.
Observation history
Although John Dreyer, creator of the New General Catalogue, credits the discovery to astronomer William Parsons, 3rd Earl of Rosse, he notes that many of his claimed discoveries were made by one of his assistants. In the case of NGC 501, the discovery was made by R. J. Mitchell, who discovered it using Lord Rosse's 72" reflecting telescope at Birr Castle in County Offaly, Ireland. The object was described "very faint, small (E in Birr diagram)" in the New General Catalogue.
See also
Elliptical galaxy
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
Pisces (constellation)
References
External links
SEDS
Elliptical galaxies
Pisces (constellation)
0501
5082
Astronomical objects discovered in 1856
Discoveries by R. J. Mitchell (astronomer)
This is a list of the independent Ogisos (Kings) of Igodomigodo, which was to become the Benin Empire, from 40 BCE to 1100 CE. The dating is based on the recollection made by Daryl Peavy of the oral traditions of the Edo people. The Ogiso were assisted by seven nobles called the "Uzama". During the reign of ogisos, Edo lands were called Igodomigodo and they had administrative centers or capitals at Ubinu which was later called Benin City. Community autonomy was given to each community by the Ogiso during their reign.
References
External links
edo-nation.net
Edo people
History of Nigeria
Ogiso
Ogiso
Kingdom of Benin
Senator Carr may refer to:
David G. Carr (1809–1889), Virginia State Senate
Francis Carr (District of Maine politician) (1751–1821), Maine State Senate
Peter P. Carr (1890–1966), Wisconsin State Senate
Robert S. Carr (1845–1925), West Virginia State Senate
Samuel Carr (politician) (1771–1855), Virginia State Senate
Salik (; , Səlik) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,763 as of 2010. There are 16 streets.
Geography
Salik is located 22 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Velikent and Kala are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Tabasarans, Azerbaijanis and Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Rural Hall is a historic community meeting place on Surry Road (Maine State Route 172) in Surry, Maine. Built in 1871-76, Rural Hall has been the principal social meeting point for the small rural community of East Surry. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 for its importance in the social history of the community.
Description and history
Rural Hall is set facing south on the south side of Surry Road, about east of the village center of Surry. It is a long rectangular wood frame structure, with a front-gable roof, clapboard siding, and a stone foundation. It is set facing away from the road because the road alignment at the time of its construction 1871-76 was to the south. Its main facade is three bays wide, with a central entrance sheltered by an enclosed vestibuled under a hip roof. The entry is flanked by paired narrow sash windows, a form repeated above the entrance in the gable end. Similar window pairs line the sides of the building. The rear, which now faces the road, has no windows and a single doorway sheltered by a bracketed gable-roof hood. The interior of the building, beyond the vestibule, is an open auditorium, with portable wooden benches and a raised stage at the north end. A balcony, probably added late in the 19th century, extends across the southern end of the hall. Part of the balcony is taken up by a small kitchen area, added in the 1940s, from which food can be delivered to the lower level via a dumbwaiter. An area under the balcony has been enclosed for use as a bathroom. The building retains its original heating system—a wood stove with a long chimney pipe.
Construction of the Rural Hall had its genesis in the 1868 meeting of a local sewing circle, at which it was decided to raise funds for construction of a community hall. The Rural Hall Association was formed in 1870, and funds raised by subscription. The building's construction between 1871 and 1876 was chronicled by the local historian, who also donated the land on which it was built. The hall has been used since its construction by a wide variety of local social groups.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hancock County, Maine
References
Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Italianate architecture in Maine
Buildings and structures completed in 1876
Buildings and structures in Hancock County, Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Hancock County, Maine
Khar Barreh (; also known as Qāsmīyeh) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 52 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
WBKO (channel 13) is a television station in Bowling Green, Kentucky, United States, affiliated with ABC, Fox, and The CW Plus. Owned by Gray Television, the station maintains studios on Russellville Road (US 68/KY 80) near its junction with Interstate 165 on the west side of Bowling Green. Its transmitter is located in unincorporated northern Warren County.
WBKO went on the air in 1962 as WLTV; after five years without a network affiliation, it has been aligned with ABC since 1967. In 1969, WLTV's tower was blown off its base in a dynamiting incident. The station was sold the next year and new transmission facilities built, emerging as the only source of television news and information for much of south-central Kentucky for most of its history. It has been owned by Gray since 2002.
History
As WLTV
In 1956, two groups filed with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to build a television station on channel 13 in Bowling Green, the only allotted VHF channel for southern Kentucky. The first group to file was Sarkes Tarzian, who owned television stations in Indiana. A second application followed shortly thereafter, from George A. Brown, Jr., the Kentucky representative for Nashville-based General Shoe Corporation. It was not until February 1957 that the commission designated the applications against each other for hearing, and it took another 18 months for a hearing examiner to give the initial nod for the channel to Tarzian, citing his superior programming plans and broadcast experience as a factor that outweighed the local ownership represented by Brown. Brown appealed the initial decision, and the FCC granted him the permit in 1959.
Taking the call letters WITB (changed before launch to WLTV), Brown and his wife Nellie incorporated the Argus Broadcasting Corporation in 1960 along with Joe Walters, a former RCA engineer. Construction of studios and a transmission facility began in early 1961 at a site north of Bowling Green, near Hadley, on U.S. 231.
WLTV made its debut on June 3, 1962. It was an independent station for its first five years of operation, with productions including live wrestling, musical shows, and news, befitting the slogan "Wonderfully Live Television". One child's program, Sundown and Friends, used live animals raised at the station site at Hadley. The station continued without network programming for nearly five years before finally obtaining ABC affiliation in January 1967. Programs were received by off-air pickup and by a private microwave link that fed ABC affiliate WSIX-TV in Nashville to new studios in the former National Guard armory in downtown Bowling Green.
1969 tower dynamiting incident
At 2 a.m. on September 26, 1969, residents throughout Bowling Green and surrounding Warren County heard a blast. When the sun came up, the transmitter engineer saw that the WLTV tower was leaning 15 degrees, having bowed in the middle, after an estimated 48 sticks of dynamite were set off at the base of the station's mast. Windows shook at the transmitter building, where debris from the explosion punctured holes in the roof and in two surrounding homes; as the engineer had already left for the night, there were no injuries.
The investigation centered on one possible reason. WLTV had in recent months become known for editorials on crime in the Bowling Green area. However, there was little information for an investigation to go on. A grand jury was convened in October, to which WLTV's news director testified, but no charges resulted; much of the evidence was destroyed by the blast itself.
Meanwhile, efforts immediately began to restore service from WLTV. With the microwave link to the Armory studios severed, equipment was carted back up to the transmitter site to permit limited local broadcasts, and a makeshift antenna out of chicken wire was tested. The damaged mast was purposely brought down October 1, permitting workers to begin erecting a temporary tower; an antenna was shipped by air freight from California. From these facilities, WLTV returned to the air on October 6.
WBKO
In February 1970, Argus reached a deal to sell WLTV to Professional Telecasting Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of the Lincoln International Corporation of Louisville. Professional Telecasting immediately promised to complete the task of rebuilding the station to provide full-power service again and to begin color broadcasts; at the time, the only color programs seen on WLTV were rebroadcast from ABC. The $1 million transaction was approved by the FCC in June.
Professional Telecasting opted to rebuild WLTV's transmission facility at a site to the south of Bowling Green, near Richardsville, instead of to the north. This was because many Bowling Green TV antennas were pointed south to receive Nashville stations. In order to complement the technical overhaul, the owners also filed to change the call letters to WBKO.
In February 1971, WBKO adopted the new call sign and activated the new transmission facility, which had come as part of hundreds of thousands of dollars in capital improvements.
In 1976, Lincoln International sold WBKO to Bluegrass Media, a company led by general manager Clyde Payne and a group of local businessmen. Under Bluegrass ownership, WBKO made plans to build new studio facilities in 1981 on the site of a former drive-in movie theater. However, these never came to fruition. The Payne group sold WBKO in 1983 to Benedek Broadcasting, with Payne remaining as general manager.
Payne would prove to be a long-lasting leader at WBKO and a national figure, serving on the board of directors of the National Association of Broadcasters and as president of the ABC affiliates board. In 1977, Arbitron classified Bowling Green as its own area of dominant influence for the first time, carving it out of Nashville; WBKO was the only commercial station in the new ADI. Nielsen Media Research followed suit in 1985, constituting the Bowling Green designated market areas. He led the station through the start of the first competing local commercial outlet in Bowling Green, WQQB (channel 40, later WKNT and now WNKY), in December 1989. He also refused to air NYPD Blue when ABC debuted the show in 1993; while there were 48 affiliates that refused to air it, Payne was their most visible representative, appearing on an episode of Donahue, where he was jeered at for telling the New York audience that the show "just doesn't work in Bowling Green". In 1997, with television ratings now a reality, Payne opted to begin carrying Blue on WBKO; in the meantime, WKNT had been airing the program. Later that year, Payne left his role as general manager to work directly for Benedek corporate.
In 1998, as part of a group deal with Benedek, WBKO and local cable providers started "WBWG" (later known as "WB12"), a local feed of The WB 100+ Station Group for the Bowling Green area, with WBKO providing sales and promotional opportunities to the venture. It also replaced WKRN-TV on cable.
Gray ownership
In the early 2000s, financial problems developed at Benedek. The early 2000s recession dented ad sales and caused the company to be unable to pay interest on a set of bonds issued in 1996, prompting a filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Most of Benedek's station, including WBKO, was sold to Gray Communications Systems—today's Gray Television—of Albany, Georgia. Gray was already familiar with WBKO; in 1997, it had analyzed potentially trading for WBKO as part of a swap of other stations in small Southern markets.
Under Gray, WBKO added a Fox subchannel in 2006; WKNT (now WNKY) had previously carried Fox from 1992 to 2001 before switching to NBC, but on cable, viewers were receiving WZTV from Nashville. The WB cable channel affiliated with The CW in 2006 and became a third subchannel of WBKO.
WBKO has continued to be a market leader and one of the most-viewed small-market stations in the United States. In 2008, it was the second-highest-rated ABC affiliate in a market ranked above 100, and in 2018, it accounted for 76.1 percent of all local TV advertising revenue in Bowling Green. By 2020, it produced 26 hours a week of local news programming.
Out-of-market coverage
WBKO's signal extends well past the six counties that constitute the Bowling Green television market proper and into dozens of communities in south central Kentucky, including Central City, Hopkinsville, Russellville, Leitchfield, and Elizabethtown, as well as some areas between Nashville and Bowling Green. Even though these communities are drawn into adjacent media markets such as Evansville, Louisville, Lexington or Nashville, WBKO had a long history on cable in these areas, and some of them are part of the Bowling Green metropolitan area or participate in regional economic development efforts centered on Bowling Green. When a new ABC affiliation agreement in 2014 required that WBKO no longer grant cable providers serving some of these out-of-market areas the ability to rebroadcast the station in its entirety, they invested in expensive switching equipment to air WBKO's local programming alongside the network and syndicated offerings from the in-market ABC station. Providers in some of these communities petitioned the FCC to modify WBKO's statutory television market to include them, so as to provide full-time WBKO service (though subject to syndication exclusivity) as they had prior to 2014; they cited viewership information, coverage provided by WBKO of their areas, and, for those areas drawn into the Nashville market, the provision of Kentucky information into "orphan counties" primarily served by television stations in another state. The FCC agreed with the providers and modified WBKO's market to allow full-time cable carriage in these areas.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Translator
WBKO operates digital translator W34FG-D (channel 34), which allows homes with issues receiving WBKO's VHF signal in the immediate Bowling Green area or only a UHF antenna to receive WBKO in some form.
Analog-to-digital conversion
On December 8, 2008, at 1:15 a.m., the station turned off its analog transmitter. This early shutdown was done to allow the station to prepare final replacement of its pre-transition digital facility, on UHF channel 33, with the present VHF digital transmission equipment. Work was planned to be completed by Christmas, but inclement weather and a planned holiday break for the tower crew meant work was not completed until the start of 2009.
References
External links
WBKO
Television channels and stations established in 1962
1962 establishments in Kentucky
BKO
ABC network affiliates
Gray Television
Olimpia may refer to:
Sports teams
Club Atlético Olimpia, a sports club based in Montevideo, Uruguay
Club Deportivo Olimpia, a football team based in Tegucigalpa, Honduras
Club Olimpia, a sports club based in the city of Asunción, Paraguay
Olímpia Futebol Clube, a football team from Brazil
Olimpia Elbląg, a football team from Elbląg, Poland
FC Olimpia Bălţi, a football team from Moldova
FC Olimpia Satu Mare, a football team from Satu Mare, Romania
FC Olimpia Volgograd, a football team from Volgograd, Russia
Olimpia Milano, a basketball team based in Milan, Italy
KK Olimpija, a defunct basketball team based in Ljubljana, Slovenia
Olimpia Basketball Club, a basketball team based in Venado Tuerto, Argentina
Other uses
Olimpia Awards, the most important sports awards in Argentina
Olimpia Sports Hall, an indoor arena in Ploiești, Romania
Olimpia, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Olímpia, a city in the Brazilian state of São Paulo
Olimpia, a character in E.T.A. Hoffmann's short story "The Sandman"
See also
Olympia (disambiguation)
Olympus (disambiguation)
Olympe (disambiguation)
Tatlyar (; , Tatlar) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Tatlyarsky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,510 as of 2010. There are 30 streets.
Geography
Tatlyar is located 29 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Karadagly and Ullu-Terkeme are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis and Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The Lowbrow Reader is a comedy zine from New York City. It was established in 2001 by its editor, Jay Ruttenberg, and designer, Matthew Berube. In 2012, Drag City published a Lowbrow Reader book anthology, The Lowbrow Reader Reader.
The Lowbrow Reader first published in New York in 2001, spotlighting comedians often considered “lowbrow,” including Adam Sandler, Joan Rivers, Gilbert Gottfried, and Mo'Nique. Writing in the New York Times, Dwight Garner called the publication, “a smart little journal about what's sometimes perceived as dumb humor.” Contributors to the zine have included David Berman, Shelley Berman, Drew Friedman, Gilbert Gottfried, Neil Hagerty, Lee Hazlewood, Amy Heckerling, Rick Moranis, Taylor Negron, Gilbert Rogin, and George Saunders. Its coverage of Rogin, by Jay Jennings, led to the reissues of Rogins's two novels.
The Lowbrow Reader's book anthology, The Lowbrow Reader Reader, was published in 2012 by Drag City, featuring work from the first eight issues. The book received praise from the New York Times, Entertainment Weekly, Politico, the Chicago Tribune, and Vulture.
The Lowbrow Reader's live events have featured performances by Wyatt Cenac, the Fiery Furnaces, Adam Green, and John Mulaney.
References
Literary magazines published in the United States
Trev "Trev" G. Broudy (born October 21, 1968) is an American actor and former model. Broudy came to national attention when he became the victim of a violent attack in 2002, which touched off a national discussion of hate crimes, drawing comparisons to the Matthew Shepard case.
On September 1, 2002, Broudy and friend Edward Ulett were attacked after embracing outside Broudy's West Hollywood, California home by three black male assailants, Larry Walker, Torwin Sessions and Vincent Dotson. Broudy was beaten with a baseball bat and left in a coma for 10 days. In response the West Hollywood gay community organized a candlelight vigil.
Upon his regaining consciousness, Broudy's doctors determined that he had suffered permanent brain damage and was left legally blind. Part of his skull was replaced with a metal plate.
Walker, Sessions and Dotson were initially charged with attempted robbery, assault with a deadly weapon and conspiracy to commit robbery. Republican Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley declined to press hate crime charges, a decision that sparked outrage in the community. West Hollywood City Councilmember Sal Guarriello and his political consultants immediately launched a recall campaign against Cooley to demonstrate their disgust for Cooley's homophobia. Cooley stated that he believed the motive to be robbery, not bias, a conclusion that Broudy disagreed with. After the preliminary hearing, an additional charge of aggravated mayhem was added for each defendant.
On August 27, 2003, Walker pleaded guilty to all charges and a day later Sessions and Dotson did the same. Walker was sentenced to 13 years in prison, Dotson received a seven-year sentence and Sessions was sentenced to 21 years.
Career
Prior to the attack, Broudy was best known for a small role in the independent film The Fluffer. After the attack he narrated the 2003 VH1 special Totally Gay! in which he countered the generally light-hearted tone of the special by describing the attack and the devastating effects on his life. Broudy has appeared in a number of guest roles in a variety of television series and has started a career as a voice actor, performing in television and radio commercials and playing Cole Yeager in Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Double Agent and Captain America in Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
References
External links
American male television actors
American male film actors
American male voice actors
Male models from California
Male actors from California
American gay actors
1968 births
Living people
Gay models
Dastak may refer to:
Dastak (1970 film), a Hindi film
Dastak (1996 film), a Hindi-language Indian film
Dastak, Iran, a village in Dehgah Rural District, Gilan Province, Iran
Dastak (trade permit) a permit given to European traders in India by Mughal emperors.
Mohammad Ali Ramazani Dastak (1963–2020), Iranian politician
Siedliszcze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Mikel Zarrabeitia Uranga (born May 14, 1970 in Abadiño) is a Spanish former road bicycle racer.
In the 11th stage of the 2000 Vuelta a España, Zarrabeitia cut off the top of his finger. He was trying to repair his distance counter during the descent from Alt de la Rabassa when the accident happened.
Major results
1991
3rd GP Villafranca de Ordizia
5th Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1992
1st Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
1st Stage 2
2nd Klasika Primavera
3rd Overall Tour of the Basque Country
7th Overall Volta a Catalunya
7th Overall Vuelta a Aragón
10th Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1993
8th Subida al Naranco
9th Overall Volta a Catalunya
1994
2nd Overall Vuelta a España
1996
4th Subida al Naranco
5th Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1997
1st Gran Premio Navarra
1st Klasika Primavera
2nd Overall Vuelta a Aragón
1st Stage 3
3rd Overall Volta a Catalunya
5th Tour du Haut Var
6th Overall Tour of the Basque Country
7th Overall Paris–Nice
7th Subida a Urkiola
9th Overall Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
1998
4th Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
4th Overall Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
5th Overall Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana
5th Subida al Naranco
7th Overall Paris–Nice
7th Overall Tour of the Basque Country
7th Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1999
5th Overall Vuelta a Murcia
6th Overall Critérium International
9th Overall Tour de Suisse
9th Züri-Metzgete
9th GP Villafranca de Ordizia
2000
4th Overall Euskal Bizikleta
6th Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
10th Overall Tour of Galicia
2001
3rd Overall Vuelta a Murcia
4th Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1st Stage 1
7th GP Miguel Induráin
8th Overall Volta ao Algarve
2002
1st Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1st Stage 4b
1st Prueba Villafranca de Ordizia
3rd Overall Vuelta a Burgos
4th Overall Volta a Catalunya
8th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
10th Subida al Naranco
2003
2nd Overall Paris–Nice
9th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
Palmarès by cyclingbase.com
1970 births
Living people
People from Abadiño
Cyclists from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Biscay
Justice Jennings may refer to:
Newell Jennings (1883–1965), associate justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court
Renz L. Jennings (1899–1983), associate justice of the Arizona Supreme Court
R v Kapp, 2008 SCC 41 is a Supreme Court of Canada case dealing with an appeal from a British Columbia Court of Appeal decision that held that a communal fishing license granted exclusively to Aboriginals did not violate section 15 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The Supreme Court dismissed the appeal on the basis a distinction based on an enumerated or analogous ground in a government program will not constitute discrimination under section 15 if, under section 15(2): (1) the program has an ameliorative or remedial purpose; and (2) the program targets a disadvantaged group identified by the enumerated or analogous grounds. In other words, the Court found that the prima facie discrimination was allowed because it was aimed at improving the situation of a disadvantaged group as allowed by section 15(2) of the Charter.
This decision recognizes difficulty found with Law v Canada (Minister of Employment and Immigration) in trying to employ "human dignity" as a legal test. No doubt human dignity is an essential value underlying section 15, but it is an abstract and subjective notion that, even with the guidance of the four factors outlined in Law, is confusing to apply and has proven to be an additional burden on equality claimants. This case reinterprets Law so that it does not impose a new and distinctive test for discrimination, but rather affirms the approach to substantive equality set out in Andrews v Law Society of British Columbia and developed in the following decisions.
The central purpose of combatting discrimination underlies both sections 15(1) and 15(2). Section 15(1) focuses on preventing governments from making distinctions based on the enumerated or analogous grounds that have the effect of perpetuating group disadvantage and prejudice, or impose disadvantage on the basis of stereotyping. Section 15(2) focuses on enabling governments to proactively combat existing discrimination through affirmative measures.
See also
substantive equality
References
Full text of R. v. Kapp SCC (CanLII)
Supreme Court of Canada cases
Canadian Aboriginal case law
2008 in Canadian case law
Section Fifteen Charter case law
Putnowice Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Sarfaryab () may refer to:
Sarfaryab District
Sarfaryab Rural District
Mania was a British pop duo composed of Niara Scarlett and Giselle Sommerville. The two met while contributing songwriting for the British pop production house Xenomania, and formed Mania in 2004. Mania was a joint venture between the record producer Brian Higgins and BMG.
They released only one single, "Looking for a Place", and the #29 UK Singles Chart placing of the lead single meant that the planned album 'Do You Know Your Daughter's On The Roof?' was never released. Several of their songs, including "Money In My Pocket" and "I'm Not Shy", were covered by the girl group Frank. All of their songs were produced by Higgins and the Xenomania team.
Discography
'Looking For A Place' (sampler):
"Looking For A Place"
"Close"
"Money In My Pocket"
"L.O.V."
"Baby When You Go"
"I'm Not Shy"
Two other songs, "DNA" and "If You Need A Good Girl", were released on the group's official website and on the "Looking For A Place" single respectively.
References
External links
Just Like Candy blog entry
July 2004 Observer article
English pop girl groups
English pop music duos
Musical groups established in 2004
Ehud Yatom (, born 26 September 1948) is an Israeli former Shin Bet agent and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 2003 and 2006.
Biography
Ehud Yatom was born in Netanya. He is the brother of Danny Yatom. He worked for the Shin Bet and was one of the agents who killed two terrorists in the Kav 300 extra judicial killing in 1984, by smashing their heads with rocks. In 2001, Israel's High Court of Justice ruled that Yatom was unfit to serve as a top government anti-terror advisor six months after he was named for the position by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
Political career
In the 2003 elections he was placed 23rd on the Likud list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 38 seats. Whilst an MK, he served as a member of several committees; the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee, the Internal Affairs and Environment Committee and the Labour, Welfare and Health Committee. He was also a member of the parliamentary inquiry committee for the Amona events.
Prior to the 2006 elections he placed 32nd on the Likud list, and lost his seat when the party won only 12 seats.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli people of Romanian-Jewish descent
Likud politicians
Members of the 16th Knesset (2003–2006)
People from Netanya
People of the Shin Bet
Bianca Scacciati (3 July 1894 in Florence – 15 October 1948 in Brescia) was an Italian operatic soprano, noted for her prominence in verismo.
Biography
Born into a family of opera-loving railwaymen, she showed her talents at singing from a very early age. Her abilities as a soprano was first recognised by the singing teacher Ernesta Bruschini, sister of the more famous Matilde Bruschini.
On 1 November 1917, only just turned 24, she made her debut at the Teatro della Pergola in Florence in the role of Margherita in Faust by Charles Gounod in the (sung in Italian), going on with the same role at the Teatro Comunale di Bologna, with such names as Alessandro Bonci (Faust), Vincenzo Bettoni (Mefistofele) and Luigi Piazza (Valentino).
On the 27th of July 1920, she sang at the Arena di Verona, in one of the very first seasons of the theatre, in Boito's Mefistofele, alongside Nazzareno De Angelis, Aureliano Pertile, Linda Barla Ricci, directed by Piero Fabbroni.
In 1922 she played three important roles in the season of the Teatro Regio in Parma: Desdemona in Otello by Verdi, La Wally by Catalani and Margherita in Mefistofele. In the same year she played Margherita again in Mefistofele at the Teatro Carlo Felice in Genoa, with De Angelis and Pertile, conducted by Gino Marinuzzi.
In 1922 she made the first of her six tours in South America where, in order to replace an indisposed colleague, she had to perform Aida; in spite of the initial complexity, she obtained a resounding success with the critics and the audience.
At the Teatro alla Scala in Milan she performed, among other operas: in 1926 Turandot by Giacomo Puccini, in the title role, alongside the tenor Francesco Merli. In the same year also, in the role of Santuzza in Cavalleria rusticana, later Don Carlo, again Cavalleria rusticana, Siberia by Umberto Giordano, and Verdi's I Lombardi alla prima crociata.
In 1927 she made her debut at Covent Garden, London for the first London performance of Turandot by Giacomo Puccini, in the title role, alongside the tenor Merli.
At the Teatro Costanzi in Rome she triumphed in Tosca 1924, then also Turandot again in 1928, and again at the Teatro San Carlo, Naples in 1929.
On her debut in Rome with Turandot, she was invited by Mussolini to the Palazzo Venezia to be given a signed photograph by the Duce. She declined the invitation, stating her belief in her family's socialist viewpoint.
This 'disrespect' got her ostracised by theatres, so she was forced to continue her career singing mainly in South American theatres.
She also sang at the Teatro Colòn, Buenos Aires, in 1928, in Aida, Il Trovatore, Manon Lescaut and Un Ballo in Maschera. While in South America, she also sang in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, Brazil, in the late 1920s, alongside other famous singers.
In 1933 she married Giulio Poli and settled in Brescia, the latter's hometown.
She retired in 1942, after finally having sung as Tosca at the Brescia Theatre.
List of operas at La Scala
A regular presence at La Scala, she had been called by Arturo Toscanini for an audition in 1926, but had proudly refused, inviting the Maestro to the premiere of Don Carlo in Rome. The charm of her voice and her excellent stage presence impressed him, so much so that he immediately cast her.
The following are the operas performed by Scacciati at La Scala in the various years:
December 1926 - Turandot (Giacomo Puccini) - Scacciati (then Llácer) (Turandot), Franco Lo Giudice (then Merli, then Melandri) (Calaf), Zamboni (later Pampanini) (Liù), Walter (Timur) - Dir. Panizza
December 1927 - Cavalleria Rusticana (Pietro Mascagni) - Merli (Turiddu), Scacciati (Santuzza) - Dir. Toscanini
January 1928 - Turandot (Giacomo Puccini) - Scacciati (Turandot), Merli (Calaf) (later Kiepura), Pampanini (Liù), Walter (Timur) - Dir. Panizza
April 1928 - Don Carlo (Giuseppe Verdi) - Trantoul (Don Carlo), Pasero (Filippo II), Stignani (Eboli), Galeffi (Rodrigo), Walter (Grand Inquisitor) - Dir. Toscanini
December 1928 - Tosca (Giacomo Puccini) - Pertile (then Granda, then Kiepura) (Cavaradossi), Stabile (then Galeffi) (Scarpia), Baccaloni - Dir. Santini
March 1929 - Turandot (Giacomo Puccini) - Scacciati (Turandot), Favero (Liù), Thill (Calaf), Walter (Timur) - Dir. Panizza
March 1929 - Un Ballo in Maschera (Giuseppe Verdi) - Pertile (Riccardo), Scacciati (Amelia), Minghini Cattaneo (Ulrica), Galeffi (Renato), Baccaloni (Tom) - Dir. Santini
December 1929 - La Vestale (Gaspare Spontini) - Arangi-Lombardi (then Vera Amerighi Rutili) (La Gran Vestale) Molinari (Cinna), Scacciati (Giulia), Vaghi (Sommo sacerdote) - Dir. Guarnieri
December 1929 - La Forza del Destino (Giuseppe Verdi) - Scacciati (Leonora), Pertile (Don Alvaro), Stignani (Preziosilla), Molinari (Don Carlo), Marone (Padre Guardiano) - Dir. Del Campo
January 1930 - Turandot (Giacomo Puccini) - Scacciati (Turandot), Thill (Calaf), Saraceni (Liù), Walter (Timur) - Dir. Del Campo
February 1930 - Il Trovatore (Giuseppe Verdi) - Lauri-Volpi (later Merli) (Il Conte di Luna), Scacciati (Leonora), Franci (Conte di Luna), A. Dal Monte (later Stignani) (Azucena) - Dir. Guarnieri
December 1930 and January 1931 - I Lombardi alla Prima Crociata (Giuseppe Verdi) - Merli (Oronte), Scacciati (Giselda), Ciani (Arvino), Sabat (Acciano), Vaghi (Pagano and L'eremita)
December 1930 - La Forza del Destino (Giuseppe Verdi) - Scacciati (Leonora), Merli (Don Alvaro), Galeffi (Don Carlo), Vaghi (Padre Guardiano) - Dir. Del Campo
January 1931 - Aida (Giuseppe Verdi) - Scacciati (then Pacetti) (Aida), Stignani (Amneris), Merli (then Taccani) (Radames), Galeffi (Amonasro), Righetti (Ramfis) - Dir. Del Campo
March 1931 - Norma (Vincenzo Bellini) - Scacciati (Norma), Mirassou (later Trantoul) (Pollione), Pasero (Oroveso), Stignani (Adalgisa) - Dir. Del Campo
December 1931 and January 1932 - Norma (Vincenzo Bellini) - Scacciati (Norma), Pertile (Pollione), Stignani (Adalgisa), De Angelis (Oroveso) - Dir. Panizza (Only three of the four performances scheduled were carried out due to the indisposition of the tenor Verona, Pertile's double, who in turn was engaged in the evening performance of Fedora).
April 1933 - Aida (Giuseppe Verdi) - Scacciati (then Cigna) (Aida), Pertile (Radames), Buades (Amneris), Franci (Amonasro), Santiago Font (Ramfis) - Dir. de Sabata
Discography
Columbia
Some discs recorded by Columbia of Bianca Scacciati:
(Disc number, Side A and Side B, Ø = disc diameter in centimetres):
D 12475 - Aida - Duet Rivedrai le foreste I | Aida - Rivedrai le foreste II.a parte (with baritone Augusto Beuf)
D 12476 - Il Trovatore - Tacea la notte placida | Il Trovatore - D'amor sull'ali rosee - Ø 25
D 12491 (and DQ 1067) - Mefistofele - L'altra notte in fondo al mare | Mefistofele - Spunta l'aurora pallida - Ø 25
D 12517 (and GQ 7038) - Turandot - In questa reggia I part | Turandot - In questa reggia II part (with the tenor F. Merli) - Ø 25
D 12518 (and CQ 709) - Cavalleria Rusticana - Voi lo sapete | Tosca - Vissi d'arte - Ø 25
D 12519 - Manon Lescaut - In quelle trine morbide | Un ballo in maschera - Ma dall'arido stelo - Ø 25
D 12555 (and GQ 7069) - La Bohème - Donde lieta uscì | Otello (Verdi) - Ora e per sempre (Tenore F.Merli) - Ø 25
D 12576 (and DQ 1060) - La Gioconda - Suicidio! | La Wally - Ebben, ne andrò lontana - Ø 25
D 12605 (and DQ 1117) - Il Trovatore - Tacea la notte placida | Il Trovatore - Cabaletta (Di tal amor)
D 14712 (and GQX 10252) - Andrea Chenier - Act IV Duet La nostra morte (with tenor Francesco Merli) | Cavalleria Rusticana - Voi lo sapete o mamma - Ø 30
D 14714 (and CQX 16502) - Andrea Chenier - La mamma morta (Sop. B.Scacciati) | Andrea Chenier - Un di m'era di gioia (Bar. M.Stabile) - Ø 30
D 14691 (and GQX 10231) - La Bohème - Si, mi chiamano Mimì (Sop. B.Scacciati) | Il Barbiere di Siviglia - La Calunnia (Basso T. Pasero) - Ø 30
D 15256 (and DQ 1132) - Aida - Ritorna vincitor I | Aida - Ritorna vincitor II.a parte
D 18023 (and GQX 10161) - Tosca - O dolci mani | Tosca - Amaro sol per te - (with tenor Alessandro Granda) - Ø 30
D 18027 (and GQX 10165) - Un ballo in maschera - Morrò, ma prima in grazia | Tosca - Vissi d'arte - Ø 30
D 18064 (and GQX 10202) - Il Guarany - Sento una forza indomita I | Il Guarany - Sento una forza indomita II.a parte (with tenor Francesco Merli) - Ø 30
D 18069 (and GQX 10206) - La Forza del Destino - Me pilgrim and orphan | Peace my God
D 18076 (and GQX 10213) - La Forza del Destino - Terzetto Finale (with F.Merli and T.Pasero) (B) | Loreley - O forze recondite (A) - Ø 30
GQX 10202 - Ruy Blas - Duetto Io che tentai | followed by Duetto O dolce voluttà (with tenor Francesco Merli) - Ø 30
GQX 10203 - Lorely - Deh Ti rammento | Loreley - Vieni Deh Vieni (with tenor Francesco Merli) - Ø 30
GQX 10206 - La Forza del Destino - Me pellegrina ed orfana | Pace mio Dio - Ø 30
GQX 10212 - Andrea Chenier - Duet "Vicino a te" | cont'd Duet "La nostra morte" (with tenor Francesco Merli) - Ø 30
GQX 10521 - I Lombardi alla Prima Crociata - Terzetto Qui posa il fianco | seguito Terzetto Qual voluttà trascorre (with F.Merli and T.Pasero, violin E.Minetti) - Ø 30
N.B. (Reprints in brackets)
La Cigale" London records (Columbia sub-brand)
D 12713 - Cavalleria Rusticana - Voi lo sapete o mamma | Tosca - Vissi d'arte
D 12719 - Turandot - In questa reggia | Turandot - Enigmi II.a parte (with tenor Francesco Merli)
Complete Works Columbia
Puccini - Tosca - Bianca Scacciati, Alessandro Granda (Cavaradossi), Enrico Molinari (Scarpia), Salvatore Baccaloni (Angelotti), Aristide Baracchi, E.Venturini, T.Cortellino - Dir. Lorenzo Molajoli - M° del Coro V. Veneziani - 1929 - Double 78rpm records Columbia D 14594/14607 - Ø 30
Verdi - Il Trovatore - Francesco Merli, Bianca Scacciati, Enrico Molinari, Giuseppina Zinetti, Corrado Zambelli - Dir. Molajoli - Orchestra e Coro del Teatro alla Scala di Milano - Studio, 1930 - 78rpm double discs Columbia GQX 10047/10060, reissued in 33rpm Mono Columbia QCX 10143/4, EMI "Discoteca Classica" 3 C 153 03024/25(1978) and Rodolphe RPC 32 539/550 (2 CDs);
Other labels
Excelsius - Edizioni Ricordi
RI 8127 - Cavalleria Rusticana - Voi lo sapete o mamma | Tosca - Vissi d'arte (conductor Paolo Lo Monaco, Professori d'Orchestra della Scala di Milano) - Matrici M/3636 and M/3637 - Ø 25
Notes
Maybe the correct catalogue number is CQX 10502
References
Bibliography
G.dell'Ira - The Pisan opera firmament - Staderini Editions
AA.VV. - Grande Enciclopedia della Musica Lirica - Longanesi & C. Periodici
Bruno Tosi - Pertile una voce, un mito - CGS Edizioni Venezia
Two hundred years of Teatro alla Scala - Chronology - Grafica Gutenberg Editrice
Columbia General Records Catalogue April 1929
General catalogue Columbia records December 1930
General Disks Catalogue Columbia January–June 1937
External links
Bianca Scacciati: 'A real Italian voice'
Trovatore - Rec. 1930 - Naxos EDITED - Classics Today
Bianca Scacciati | Archivio Storico del Teatro dell'Opera di Roma
VERDI Il Trovatore Molajoli [CF]: Classical Reviews- January 2002 MusicWeb(UK)
Artistcamp
VERDI: Trovatore - NaxosDirect
Canzone italiana
Montisi - Teatro della Grancia: "Bianca Scacciati, la principessa socialista" - Concerto di Maria Billeri | OperaClick
1894 births
1948 deaths
Musicians from Florence
Italian operatic sopranos
20th-century Italian women opera singers
Radical 68 or radical dipper () meaning "dipper" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 32 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 96th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
shìdǒu, sometimes represented by dǒu alone, is also the symbol for a Chinese traditional measurement of dry volume equaling about 10 liters, which is ~18.16 pints, ~2.27 gallons, ~610.2 cubic inches, or ~0.3531 cubic feet.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6597
068
096
Mount Smuts is a mountain summit located in the Spray Valley, near the northern end of the Spray Mountains range. It is situated on the shared boundary of Peter Lougheed Provincial Park with Banff National Park in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada. Mount Smuts is not visible from any road in Banff Park, however, it can be seen from Alberta Highway 742, also known as Smith-Dorrien/Spray Trail in Kananaskis Country. Mount Smuts' nearest higher neighbor is Mount Birdwood, to the south-southeast.
History
Mount Smuts was named by the Interprovincial Boundary Commission in 1918 for General Jan Smuts (1870–1950), a noted South African statesman and mountaineer. During World War I, he led the armies of South Africa against Germany, capturing German South-West Africa and commanding the British Army in East Africa in 1916-1917.
The mountain's name was officially adopted in 1924 by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
The first ascent of the peak was made in 1926 by M. Crosby, M. Kennard, H. S. Crosby, C. A. Willard, with guide Rudolph Aemmer.
Geology
Mount Smuts is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Smuts is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. In terms of favorable weather, July through September are the best months to climb. Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains west into Spray River, or east to Smuts Creek, both of which empty into Spray Lakes Reservoir.
Climbing
Mount Smuts is a difficult and exposed scramble on limestone slabs via the south ridge, and very few parties successfully summit each year. Rope is recommended for anything less than ideal conditions.
See also
Geography of Alberta
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
Canadian Rockies
References
Gallery
External links
Mount Smuts weather: Mountain Forecast
CBC News: 2018 fatality on Mt. Smuts
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Canadian Rockies
Alberta's Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
Jan Smuts
The 1982 Norwegian Football Cup Final was the 77th final of the Norwegian Football Cup. The final took place at Ullevaal Stadion in Oslo on 24 October 1982. SK Brann were in their 9th final (4 wins and 4 runners-up), while Molde were in their first ever final and therefore had the chance to win the first major trophy in the club's history.
The final between the two teams ended with a 3–2 victory for Brann. The goal scorers for the winning team were Geir Austvik after 17 minutes, Ingvar Dalhaug after 42 minutes and Neil MacLeod after 58 minutes. For Molde, Rune Ulvestad scored in the 21st minute, and Steinar Henden scored in the 37th minute. Øyvind Pettersen was sent off for Brann in the 88th minute. 24,000 spectators watched the match at Ullevaal Stadion in Oslo. The referee was Torbjørn Aass.
Route to the final
(D1) = 1. divisjon team
(D2) = 2. divisjon team
(D3) = 3. divisjon team
(D3) = 4. divisjon team
Match
Details
See also
1982 Norwegian Football Cup
1982 1. divisjon
1982 2. divisjon
1982 in Norwegian football
References
Jan Hedenstad (editor). Sportsboken 82-83. Hjemmet. .
External links
Cup final at rsssf.no
1982
SK Brann matches
Molde FK matches
Cup
Sports competitions in Oslo
1980s in Oslo
October 1982 sports events in Europe
For other record labels named Impact Records, see Impact Records (disambiguation)
Impact was a New Zealand record label which released records by, among others, Erana Clark, Ray Columbus, Allison Durbin, Gerry Merito, Lew Pryme, Bunny Walters, Ray Woolf, Larry's Rebels and Golden Harvest. The label started releasing records in 1966 and continued throughout the 1970s.
Background
The idea of the label was conceived by Russell Clark while he was still at school. It was founded in 1966 by Clark and Benny Levin. Ray Columbus, who had just left Zodiac Records, was the first artist to be signed. According to the edition of 1 January 1966 of Billboard, after Columbus, two other acts were to have releases. They were the group Larry's Rebels and the singer Gerry Merito. One of the artists it would have a lot of success with was Bunny Walters. Walters who had 12 singles released on the label had 5 charting hits with the label, the last being "The Nearest Thing To Heaven which made #10 in 1974.
References
New Zealand independent record labels
1966 establishments in New Zealand
England's Gazetteer, or, an accurate description of all the cities, towns, and villages of the kingdom was a large road atlas printed in the mid 18th century. The Gazetteer was written by Stephen Whatley (1712–1741) and was published in three separate editions, each of which offered maps of the roads of England and Wales. Editions 1 and 2 included a dictionary of the cities, corporations, market towns, and the most-noted villages. Edition 3 went further, including an alphabetical register of the less noted villages with their distance, or bearing, from the next market town or well known place. In London, it was published by J. and P. Knapton, D. Browne, A. Millar, J. Whiston and B. White.
References
Further reading
v.2
v.3
Geography of England
Atlases
Gazetteers
Books about England
The 1915 Georgetown Blue and Gray football team represented Georgetown University during the 1915 college football season. Led by Albert Exendine in his second year as head coach, the team went 7–2.
Schedule
References
Georgetown
Georgetown Hoyas football seasons
South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association football champion seasons
Georgetown Blue and Gray football
Mayabazar (also known as Sasirekha Parinayam) is a 1936 Indian Telugu-language fantasy film directed by P. V. Das and produced by Vel Pictures. The film stars Yadavalli Nageswara Rao, S. P. Lakshmana Swamy, Rami Reddy, and Santhakumari. Music was composed by Galipenchala Narasimha Rao.
The story is an adaptation of the folk tale Sasirekha Parinayam, which in turn is based on the epic Mahabharata. The film was was a huge hit. P. V. Das died before the release of the film.
Cast
As per the Hindu article:
Yadavalli Nageswara Rao as Krishna
S. P. Lakshmana Swamy as Abhimanyu
Rami Reddy as Ghatotkacha
Santhakumari as Sasirekha
Production
Das chose stage actor Yadavalli Nageswara Rao to portray Lord Krishna. Master Saluri Rajeswara Rao who was introduced in Srikrishna Leelalu (1935) portrayed the younger version of Abhimanyu while S.P. Lakshmanaswamy portrayed the elder version. Rayapralu Subrahmanyam and Rami Reddy were selected to portray Duryodhana and Ghatothkacha respectively.
While searching for the actress to portray the role of Sasirekha, P. V. Das found Subbamma at a school teaching music. Though her parents was initially against her decision to enter acting, they later relented. Subbamma was rechristened as Santhakumari.
Soundtrack
The song "Vivaha Bhojanambu" which became popular in the 1957 version of Mayabazar, was previously composed for this film. It was said to be there in the 1932 Hindi Mayabazaar too. That tune was inspired by Charles Penrose's 1922 song "The Laughing Policeman", written by Penrose under the pseudonym of Charles Jolly.
References
1936 films
1930s Telugu-language films
Films based on Indian folklore
Hindu mythological films
Indian fantasy films
Films based on the Mahabharata
1930s fantasy films
Indian black-and-white films
Radical 74 or radical moon () meaning "moon" or "month" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary. there are 69 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 88th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China. Character with the alternative form of Kangxi Radical 130 ( "meat") is merged to this radical in Simplified Chinese, and no associated indexing component is left after the merger.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6708
074
088
Żniatyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 210.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Route 137 is a highway in southern Missouri. Its northern terminus is at Route 32 in Licking; its southern terminus is at U.S. Route 60/U.S. Route 63/Route 76 in Willow Springs.
History
The road that is Route 137 first appeared on state maps in 1933 as Route J. However, in that year it was only a short spur from U.S 60 & 63, only going as far as the Texas/Howell County line. Route J was extended to Route 17 in Yukon the following year. Route J was upgraded to Route 137 in 1937. In 1964, Route 137 was extended to Licking, taking over a section of U.S Route 63 (U.S 63 was subsequently routed on to a new road to the west). The former section of U.S 63 between Houston and Raymondville still remains part of the state system as Route B (Route T from 1964–75).
Major intersections
References
137
Transportation in Howell County, Missouri
Transportation in Texas County, Missouri
Set My Love In Motion is the fifth studio album by American singer and songwriter Syreeta Wright, released on October 21, 1981 by Motown.
The album yielded three singles: "You Set My Love in Motion", "Can't Shake Your Love" and "Quick Slick". Set My Love in Motion did not score any commercial success, reaching the lower half of the Billboard 200 album chart, where it peaked at No. 189, but fared much better on the Black Albums chart, where it reached the top forty on that chart.
Track listing
Side one
"Quick Slick" (Norma Helms, Hal Davis, Mitchell Bottler) – 5:24
"Move It, Do It" (Angelo Bond, Todd Cochrane, William Weatherspoon) – 3:54
"You Set My Love in Motion" (Maureen Bailey, David Richard Cohen) – 3:29
"There's Nothing Like a Woman in Love" (Brian Short, Gloria Sklerov) – 4:22
"Can't Shake Your Love" (Norma Helms, Hal Davis, Mitchell Bottler) – 4:12
Side two
"I Must Be in Love" (Kenneth Hirsch, Mark Mueller) – 3:52
"Wish Upon a Star" (Syreeta Wright) – 3:45
"Out the Box" (Ollie E. Brown, Paul M. Jackson, Jr., Syreeta Wright) – 5:44
"I Know The Way To Your Heart" (Joe Blocker, Marlo Henderson) – 4:07
"I Love You" (Paul Hines, James S. Stewart, Jr., Syreeta Wright) – 4:21
Personnel
Syreeta – vocals
Barry Finnerty, Carlos Rios, David T. Walker, Robert Palmer – guitar
Paul Jackson Jr. – synthesizer, guitar
Todd Cochran – keyboards, synthesizer
Nathan Watts, Romeo Williams – bass guitar
Clarence McDonald, John Barnes, Sylvester Rivers – keyboards
Michael Boddicker – synthesizer
Marlo Henderson – guitar, sitar
Wayne Stalling, William Bryant Jr. – clavinet, piano, synthesizer
Eddie "Klunis" Summers, James Gadson, Kenneth Elliott, Ollie E. Brown – drums
Melvin "Melmel" Webb, Ollie E. Brown, Paulinho da Costa – percussion
Gary Herbig, Gerald Albright – saxophone
Andrea Robinson, Jeanette Hawes, Jim Gilstrap, Lynn Davis, Marti McCall, Patti Brooks, Suzanne Coston – backing vocals
Jerry Hey – horn arrangements
Gene Page – string arrangements
Chart performance
References
External links
1981 albums
Syreeta albums
Boogie albums
Albums arranged by Gene Page
Albums produced by Hal Davis
Tamla Records albums
Abbot Hall Art Gallery is a museum and gallery in Kendal, England. Abbot Hall was built in 1759 by Colonel George Wilson, the second son of Daniel Wilson of Dallam Tower, a large house and country estate nearby. It was built on the site of the old Abbot's Hall, roughly where the museum is today. Before the Dissolution of the Monasteries this was where the Abbot or his representative would stay when visiting from the mother house of St Mary's Abbey, York. The architect is unknown. During the early twentieth century the Grade I listed building was dilapidated and has been restored as an art gallery.
Abbot Hall is closed to the public while Lakeland Arts carries out a redevelopment of the building and grounds.
Building
Originally a town house, Abbot Hall was converted into an art gallery in 1957–62. The building is in stone on a plinth, with quoins, a belt course, a modillioned eaves cornice, and a parapet. The central block has two storeys with cellars, and there is a symmetrical east front of seven bays. Curved steps lead up to a central round-headed doorway in an architrave with moulded imposts, a projecting keystone, and an interlaced fanlight. This is flanked by two-storey canted bay windows, and outside these are recessed bays in one storey containing Venetian windows. The outermost two bays on each side are gabled, lower and further recessed, and have one storey. They contain two round-headed sash windows with an oval window in a pediment above.
Collection
It has one of the most important collections of George Romney's paintings in Britain and several of his sketchbooks and drawings. Paintings from the eighteenth century include a pair of views of Windermere by Philip James de Loutherbourg. There is also an important group of work by another local artist, Daniel Gardner. It has a significant collection of watercolours, mainly from the second half of the eighteenth and the first half of the nineteenth centuries. Many of the greatest watercolourists of the period are represented, including John Robert Cozens, David Cox, Peter De Wint, John Sell Cotman, John Varley and Edward Lear as well as J. M. W. Turner's watercolours The Passage of Mount St. Gotthard and Windermere (1821).
In 2011 a triptych of Lady Anne Clifford, entitled The Great Picture (currently (2011) in the ownership of the Lakeland Arts Trust) went on display.
The Victorian art critic and social commentator, John Ruskin, lived in the Lake District and the gallery has one of the most comprehensive collections of his drawings and watercolours. The modern collection concentrates more on painting but has sculptures by Barbara Hepworth, Jean Arp, and Elisabeth Frink. There are also works by Ben Nicholson, Kurt Schwitters, Bryan Wynter, Sean Scully, David Hockney, LS Lowry, Graham Sutherland, Victor Pasmore, David Bomberg, Hilde Goldschmidt and many others.
The gallery also has a display about English writer Arthur Ransome. His desk, typewriter and other memorabilia are exhibited. The gallery is also the official address of The Arthur Ransome Society.
Exhibitions
2019
Ruskin, Turner & the Storm Cloud, this also featured work by Emma Stibbon retracing the steps of Ruskin and Turner.
Refuge: The Art of Belonging
Coming Home: Lady Anne Clifford
2018
Julie Cope's Grand Tour: The Story of a Life by Grayson Perry
Alison Watt: A Shadow on the Blind
2013
Picasso's Tête de Femme
Exultant Strangeness: Graham Sutherland Landscapes
Bethan Huws & The Bistritsa Babi: Singing for the Sea (1993)
Lynn Chadwick: Evolution in Sculpture
Uwe Wittwer: In The Middle Distance
2012
Hughie O'Donoghue: Vivid Field
Francis Bacon to Paula Rego
Abbot Hall at Fifty
Turner and his Contemporaries: The Hickman Bacon Watercolour Collection
2011
ARTIST ROOMS: Richard Long
Kitaj: Portraits and Reflections
Sheila Fell
Drawn from Life
2010
Thomas Bewick: Tale-pieces
The Barber Goes North: Treasures from The Barber Institute of Fine Arts,
University of Birmingham
The Loneliness of Lowry
Mark Francis: Arena
Basil Beattie: Paintings from the Janus series II 2010
2009
Andrzej Jackowski: The Remembered Present
David Nash: Drawings and Sculpture
Garry Fabian Miller: Time Passage
Robert Bevan and the Cumberland Market Group
2008
Prunella Clough
Frank Auerbach Etchings and Drypoints 1954 - 2006
Ben Nicholson
Craigie Aitchison Prints
2007
Maggi Hambling, No Straight Lines: Waves and Waterfalls
Collecting the Past, Present & Future
2006
David Bomberg
Morandi's Legacy: Influences on British Art
Drawing Inspiration: Contemporary British Drawing
The Oliver Thompson Collection of British Watercolours
2005
Pictures of Innocence
Nicola Hicks: Sculpture, Drawing and Light
Wyndham Lewis: The Bone Beneath the Pulp
Sean Scully: Paintings and Works on Paper
Freud, Auerbach, Hockney & Rego: Drawing on Copper and Stone
2004
Walter Richard Sickert
Paula Rego & Graham Sutherland: Prints
Celia Paul: Stillness
John Duncan Fergusson: Living Paint
2003
Euan Uglow
Tony Bevan: Works from Deptford
Bruce Bernard: Artists and their Studios
2002
Stanley Spencer
RB Kitaj
Bridget Riley
Fabric - Reinterpreting the House
2001
Paula Rego
Andy Goldsworthy
Li Yuan-chia
Sculpture from the Tate
Hughie O'Donoghue
2000
Ruskin & the Light of Nature
Paula Rego
Goya - Etchings
Edward Weston - photography
The Art of the Feltmaker
CHORA
Edgar Holloway & Friends
Royal Society of Painter-Printmakers
Matisse: Jazz
Conrad Atkinson
Pottery by William Plumptre
1999
Callum Innes
Queen Victoria's Travels and Family
Henry Moore - 'Sheep'
Ruskin Pottery
The St Ives School
Watercolours from the Permanent Collection
1998
Bridget Riley
1997
Sublime Inspiration
1996
Lucian Freud
The Cornish Torbock Bequest of Lake District Watercolours
James Hugonin
John Ruskin: Paintings & Etchings
Mary Newcomb
See also
Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria
Listed buildings in Kendal
References
External links
Abbot Hall Art Gallery
Art museums and galleries in Cumbria
Museums in Cumbria
Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria
Tourist attractions in Cumbria
Kendal
Grade I listed museum buildings
The UK Armed Forces Polo Association (formerly the Combined Services Polo Club) oversees the sport of polo within the three armed services of the United Kingdom. The Royal Navy and Royal Marine Equestrian Association, the Army Polo Association and the Royal Air Force Polo Club are subordinate to the organisation.
The UKAFPA's patron is the Prince of Wales, and its president is General Sir James Everard.
Polo was first played by cavalry of the British Army in 1871, and in 1922 a club was established in the grounds of Tedworth House, Wiltshire, where polo is still played.
References
External links
Polo clubs in the United Kingdom
Sport in Wiltshire
The Bornean wren-babbler (Ptilocichla leucogrammica) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia, where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swampland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Ptilocichla
Endemic birds of Borneo
Birds described in 1850
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Might-E Truck is a fully electric, mid-sized work vehicle manufactured by Canadian Electric Vehicles in British Columbia, Canada. It is designed for use as a utility, work, urban or leisure vehicle and is manufactured using solely standard North American automotive parts. With a top speed of , Might-E Truck is road legal and meets the requirements for a Low Speed Vehicle or Neighborhood Electric Vehicle.
History
The first Might-E Truck model was first designed and built in 1996 by Canadian Electric Vehicles and featured a Direct current electrical system. Since then, physical changes have been made to both the chassis and body. As well, recent improvements in both batteries and electrical systems have resulted in a much more efficient and long lasting unit.
Components
Might-E Truck is powered by 12, 225 amp hours 6 volts, lead acid batteries giving it a range of up to . The batteries supply a 550 amp alternating current controller which then powers a 25 horsepower electric motor. The motor runs directly to the rear gear box and into the rear differential. This enables users without knowledge of standard transmission operation to use the vehicle as well as reduces maintenance.
Features
Might-E Truck is manufactured with a heavy-duty steel box frame, with spring steel rear and front bumpers. It is upheld by leaf spring suspension with shock absorbers and automotive rack and pinion steering. The cab features left hand drive steering with 2 adjustable seats, an automotive safety glass windshield and a sunroof. Additional optional features include power steering, regenerative brakes and audio systems. The customizable pickup comes with an electromechanical or hydraulic lift and can feature a simple flat deck, box or bucket; or custom assemblies such as garbage disposal or refueling units.
References
Electric trucks
Low-speed vehicles
Now is the third studio album by American R&B singer Maxwell. It was released on August 14, 2001, by Columbia Records. Following the lukewarm critical reception of his 1998 record Embrya, Maxwell pursued a different direction while recording Now, abandoning the conceptual style of his previous albums.
Now received positive reviews and became Maxwell's first album to reach number one on the Billboard 200, selling over 296,000 units in the U.S. in the first week, according to Nielsen SoundScan, and was later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The album's third single "This Woman's Work", a live staple of Maxwell's, charted at number 58 on the Hot 100 and at number 16 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Now was Maxwell's last album before an eight-year hiatus, which culminated in the release of his fourth studio album BLACKsummers'night (2009).
Critical reception
Now received generally positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 78, based on 11 reviews. In Entertainment Weekly, Tom Sinclair found Maxwell's New Age spiritual musings to be outside the R&B mainstream and said "as mellowed-out as much of Now is, it's definitely not aural wallpaper, but a cohesive effort that rewards repeated listenings". Boston Herald critic Sarah Rodman said Maxwell had made the "truly terrific" Prince album the artist himself was no longer making while continuing to "distinguish himself from the current glut of overwrought and under- erotic r & b lotharios with his retro, almost absurdly soulful ways". Daryl Easlea from BBC Music highlighted the cover of the 1989 Kate Bush song "This Woman's Work" and deemed the album "grown-up, frequently gorgeous music that epitomises the very best in neo-soul". Greg Kot from the Chicago Tribune found Maxwell's lyrics far more straightforward than Embryas "almost impenetrable" songs, while applauding his ability as a singer to achieve an "enlightened empathy" that "neither panders nor demands" to his fictitious lovers. James Hunter wrote in The Village Voice that Maxwell and Stuart Matthewman had avoided the gratuitous productions of Embrya in favor of more grounded music, against which the singer performed masterfully. "He is, as throughout Now, a soul singer who knows precisely what he's doing", Hunter wrote. Fellow Village Voice critic Robert Christgau gave Now an "honorable mention" in his review column, singling out "Temporary Nite", "This Woman's Work", and "Lifetime" as its best songs, while writing that Maxwell "can't outbeat D'Angelo, so he works on outsinging and outsonging him".
In a less enthusiastic review for PopMatters, Mark Anthony Neal said Now was one of 2001's "most accomplished R&B recordings", but qualified his praise by finding some of the music unadventurous and not indicative of the artistic maturity Maxwell seemed to show on Embrya. Miles Marshall Lewis was more critical in LA Weekly, believing the singer was "not Prince" and had regressed musically with Now, throughout which "the quiet storm of Maxwell's signature sound becomes damn near somnolent". Teresa Wiltz of The Washington Post said the record predictably followed his previous albums' formula of "moody musings" on romance and heartbreak, funky musical backdrops, and pleading vocals; Wiltz lamented Maxwell's inability to "stretch beyond his self-imposed limits" on record, as she believed he had "to spectacular effect" at his concerts.
Track listing
On physical copies, "Get to Know Ya" is separated into two tracks: the first four seconds on track 1, followed by the rest of the song on track 2. The album packaging simply lists the song as track 1, with "Lifetime" as track 3. On digital copies, "Get to Know Ya" is one track, as listed above.
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
David A. Belgrave – marketing
Mitchell Cohen – A&R
Maxwell – drum programming, horn arrangements, producer (credited as "musze")
Michael Bland – drums
David Blumberg – harp arrangement, string arrangements
Bruce Bouton – pedal steel
Steve Conover – assistant engineer
Tom Coyne – mastering
Hod David – bass, drum programming, guitar, keyboards
Andy Davies – engineer
Bill Esses – engineer
Paul J. Falcone – drum programming, engineer, Pro-Tools
Mark Fellows – editing
Clark Gayton – trombone
Drew Griffiths – engineer
Jason Groucott – assistant engineer
Bashiri Johnson – percussion
Eric Johnson – photography
Tony Maserati – engineer
Steve Mazur – engineer
Daniel Milazzo – assistant engineer
Michael Neal – bass
John O'Mahoney – assistant engineer
Flip Osman – assistant engineer
Matt Owens – art direction
Mike Pela – engineer, pro-Tools
Federico Pena – keyboards
Larry Phillabaum – engineer, pro-Tools
Chris Ribando – engineer
Andre Roberson – horn arrangements, saxophone
Iain Roberton – engineer
Tom Schick – engineer
Etienne Stadwijk – keyboards
Wah Wah Watson – guitar
Chart positions
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Now at Discogs
2001 albums
Maxwell (musician) albums
Columbia Records albums
The 1976 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1976 NCAA Division I football season. In its second season under head coach Richard Williamson, the team compiled an 7–4 record and outscored opponents by a total of 241 to 182. The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Lloyd Patterson with 1,563 passing yards and 42 points scored, Terdell Middleton with 919 rushing yards, Ricky Rivas with 529 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Shawn Moran (born November 19, 1961 in Lakewood, California) is an American former professional motorcycle speedway rider who was one of the most popular and talented riders ever to race for Sheffield Tigers who also represented the United States in international speedway competitions.
Career
Moran first rode in British speedway for Hull Vikings in 1979 under the alias 'David East', before riding under his real identity in 1980. He joined Sheffield from Hull in 1980 for £8,000 and established himself as a fans' favourite who topped the clubs averages every year he was with them.
After finishing 15th at the 1980 European Under-21 Championship, Moran won the 1981 Championship in Slaný, Czechoslovakia with a 15-point maximum. This championship was renamed as the World Under-21 Championship in 1988. Shawn and fellow Californian Ron Preston who won the title in 1979, are the only American riders to have won the Under-21 title (as of 2014).
In 1982, along with reigning World Champion Bruce Penhall, Bobby Schwartz, Scott Autrey, and his older brother Kelly Moran, Shawn won the Speedway World Team Cup at the White City Stadium in London, England. He would later repeat this success with Team USA in 1990 at the Svítkov Stadion in Pardubice, Czechoslovakia alongside Sam Ermolenko, Rick Miller, Billy Hamill and Kelly Moran.
Moran also helped the US team to second place in both 1985 and 1988 at the Veterans Memorial Stadium in Long Beach (the only times that the World Team Cup Finals were held outside of Great Britain or Europe), while finishing third in 1984 (Leszno, Poland) and 1987 (three rounds held at Fredericia in Denmark, Coventry, England and Prague, Czechoslovakia).
In 1986 Moran was joined by his brother Kelly at Sheffield. Shawn amassed a total of 3,257 points for the Tigers at an average of 9.36. Although regarded as a world-class rider, the individual World Championship eluded him. Moran was first nicknamed 'Shooey' by Bobby "Boogaloo" Schwartz and it stuck throughout his career.
He rode in three World Championships in 1984 (Göteborg) where he finished 8th, 1985 (Bradford) where he finished 5th and 1990 (Bradford). Arguably 1985 was his best season as he won both the Overseas and Intercontinental Finals on his way to the World Final at Bradford. He finished the 1985 World Final at the Odsal Stadium in fifth place with 10-points and two wins from his 5 rides. In the 1990 World Final at Odsal he lost a run-off to Sweden's Per Jonsson after both finished on 13 points, 1 point clear of Australia's Todd Wiltshire.
Moran, though, remains America's only World Longtrack Champion. He won the crown in 1983 while still recovering from a broken leg. He is also a three time winner of the Intercontinental Final, winning in 1984 in Vojens. Denmark, 1985 in Vetlanda, Sweden, and 1990 at Fjelsted Speedway Stadium in Denmark.
In 1989 Moran won the Peter Craven Memorial Trophy at the Belle Vue Stadium in Manchester.
During his career, Shawn Moran was a regular visitor to Australia. He proved to be a popular rider 'Down Under' and enjoyed success on the often larger Australian tracks. In the 1989/90 Australian season Moran was a resident international rider at the tight North Arm Speedway in Adelaide, and rode for a "Rest of the World" team in a series of test matches against the Australians throughout the season.
In 1984 Moran released a cover version of the 1975 Chris Spedding single, "Motor Bikin'".
World Final Appearances
Individual World Championship
1984 - Göteborg, Ullevi - 8th - 7pts
1985 - Bradford, Odsal Stadium - 5th - 10pts
1990 - Bradford, Odsal Stadium - 2nd - 13pts + 2pts*
* 1990 - Disqualified - Failed random drug and alcohol test at 1990 Overseas Final
World Pairs Championship
1984 - Lonigo, Pista Speedway (with Bobby Schwartz) – 4th – 19pts (8)
1985 - Rybnik, Rybnik Municipal Stadium (with Bobby Schwartz) - 3rd - 22pts (11)
1988 - Bradford, Odsal Stadium (with Sam Ermolenko) - 3rd - 39pts (23)
World Team Cup
1982 - London, White City Stadium (with Bruce Penhall / Bobby Schwartz / Kelly Moran / Scott Autrey) - Winner - 34pts (8)
1984 - Leszno, Alfred Smoczyk Stadium (with Kelly Moran / Bobby Schwartz / Lance King / John Cook) – 3rd – 20pts (6)
1985 - Long Beach, Veterans Memorial Stadium (with Bobby Schwartz / John Cook / Lance King / Sam Ermolenko) – 2nd – 35pts (11)
1986 - Göteborg, Ullevi, Vojens, Speedway Center, Bradford, Odsal Stadium (with Bobby Schwartz / Sam Ermolenko / Lance King / Rick Miller) - 2nd - 76pts (27)
1987 - Fredericia, Fredericia Speedway, Coventry, Brandon Stadium, Prague, Marketa Stadium (with Sam Ermolenko / Lance King / Rick Miller / Kelly Moran / John Cook) - 3rd - 93pts (23)
1988 - Long Beach, Veterans Memorial Stadium (with Sam Ermolenko / Lance King / Kelly Moran / Rick Miller) - 2nd - 32pts (8)
1990 - Pardubice, Svítkov Stadion - Winner - 37pts (10)
Individual Under-21 World Championship
1980 - Pocking, Rottalstadion - 15th - 2pts
1981 - Slaný, Slaný Speedway - Winner - 15pts
Between 1977 and 1987 the Under-21 Championship was known as the European Junior Championship.
References
Further reading
Burford, B (2002) The Moran Brothers
American speedway riders
Sheffield Tigers riders
Hull Vikings riders
Belle Vue Aces riders
Living people
1961 births
Sportspeople from California
People from Lakewood, California
The 1925 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1925. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land. 1925 season was the first Pacific hurricane season that was covered in detail by Monthly Weather Review, and this season included the most intense November Pacific hurricane on record until beaten by Hurricane Kenneth in 2011.
Systems
Tropical Cyclone One
A small tropical cyclone existed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec from June 3 to 6. It had gale-force winds, and its lowest reported pressure was .
Hurricane Two
Off the coast of Mexico, a hurricane existed from July 7 to 10. The lowest reported pressure was .
Tropical Cyclone Three
A tropical cyclone existed from July 17 to 22.
Tropical Cyclone Four
On July 31 and August 1, a tropical cyclone was encountered by a steamer called the West Calera. This tropical cyclone headed west-northwest and stayed south of the Hawaiian Islands. It brought gales to Honolulu from August 1 to 4. It also brought heavy surf to Oahu and the Big Island. That surf flooded a warehouse at Honuapo. It also flooded houses in Honuapo and Punaluu Beach, and collapsed flumes at Hutchinson Plantation. On Oahu, Fort Kamehameha was flooded. Lawns at Diamond Head and Kahala were damaged, as were houses on the northern side of Oahu.
Tropical Cyclone Five
A tropical cyclone existed on August 16. It had gale-force winds. The lowest reported pressure was .
Hurricane Six
Far from land, on September 27 to 28, the same ship that encountered the July 31 to August 4 cyclone encountered a hurricane east of the Hawaiian Islands. That ship reported a pressure of .
Hurricane Seven
South of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone formed. It headed west-northwest. On October 24, it re-curved to the north, and made landfall near Cabo Corrientes on October 25. The next day, it dissipated inland. The lowest pressure reported in association with this hurricane was . It caused rain throughout coastal areas near where it hit. This hurricane also damaged many houses, and blew down trees in mountainous areas. Roads were damaged, and telegraph lines were downed. In Puerto Vallarta, 270 houses were destroyed while 200 families were left homeless. Three people died and many were injured.
Hurricane Eight
A ship encountered a strong tropical cyclone near Acapulco on November 10. On November 11, it was near Manzanillo. It was not seen after that. This tropical cyclone was initially reported to have a pressure of uncorrected). However, a later report attributes a pressure of . Even in HURDAT, the modern "best track" database, there was no November tropical cyclone this intense until Hurricane Kenneth in 2011, which broke this record. This hurricane also caused heavy rains to coastal areas of Mexico.
Tropical Cyclone Nine
A tropical cyclone existed from December 22 to 26.
See also
1925 Atlantic hurricane season
1925 Pacific typhoon season
1920s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1920s Pacific hurricane seasons
Pacific hurricane seasons
This is a list of yearly Texas Conference football standings.
Texas Conference football standings
References
Standings
Texas Conference football
Wanurr Bob Namundja (c.1933–2005) was an Aboriginal Australian artist known for his bark paintings.
Biography
Wanurr Bob Namundja was born in western Arnhem Land to the Kardbam clan in 1933. He spoke Kunwinjku which is part of the Bininj Gun-Wok language group.
During the 1960s, he lived on the Oenpelli Mission in what is now known as Gunbalanya in the Northern Territory of Australia. With the rise of the outstation movement, he split time in the 1970s between Gunbalanya and the small community of Makorlod. By the mid-1980s, he had returned to Gunbalayana with his wife Dianne and his four children to work as a police tracker.
He was the older brother of Don Nakadilinj Namundja, who also became an artist.
Wanurr spent many years traveling throughout Australia, participating in cultural ceremonies and maintaining his relationships with his extended family. Specifically, he had known social affiliations with the Yirritja moiety and Nawakadj subsection.
Outside of being an artist and a family man, he also worked in law enforcement and as a stock-man in Central Arnhem Land.
Career
During the 1960s, Wanurr was part of a group of artists who began painting professionally through the Church Mission Society's Oenpelli Mission, under the encouragement of linguist Peter Carroll. After the closing of the Oenpelli Mission, Wanurr painted for Dorothy Bennett, until the founding of the Injalak Arts Centre in 1989.
Along with Bardayal Nadjamerrek, Wanurr was one of the senior managers of the Kunabibi ceremony which the anthropologist Luke Taylor argues had a major impact on the range of imagery produced in western Arnhem Land, particularly in depictions of Ngalyod (the Rainbow Serpent). Ngalyod is associated with the fertility and seasonal changes of spring, especially with the monsoons during the wet season. Because of this, she is often represented using transformations into plants and animals, such as waterlilies and fish. There are also pieces that include features of several animals morphed into one being. Wanurr was one of the earlier artists to draw this figure in a more contemporary sense as it represents the unification of various groups and resonates the idea that humans are all one people. Hence, Wanurr opted to take a more abstract approach in order to capture this shift in social awareness among Kunwinjku artists.
Wanurr is usually associated with a small group of men from the southern clans of western Arnhem Land whose style was heavily influenced by Bardayal "Lofty" Nadjamerrek. These men, which included Dick Nguleingulei Murrumurru, Kalarriya "Jimmy" Namarnyilk and Don Nakadilinj Namundja. Painting alongside each other, these men drew heavily on their rock art heritage, remaining steadfastly figurative in their motifs, and restricting themselves to single, parallel-line infill (or rarrk) to embellish their figures. This was in contrast to many other artists who chose to use more elaborate cross-hatching like that used in ceremonial designs.
Bob Namundja painted what he saw around him as well as culturally relevant inspirations. He learned the tradition of rock art from his father. His works ranged from painting plants and animals found in Arnhem Land to ancient spirits and ancestors. His mediums of choice are natural pigments and eucalyptus bark. He favored earthy red and yellow colours that were more traditional to Aboriginal art in his works, stemming from their use of natural pigments. He favors using a single, parallel line infill technique, often grouped in bands of the earthy red and yellow pigments. Also, due to his Yirritja connection, his art features diamond shapes.
Collections
National Museum of Australia
Museum of Contemporary Art Australia
Significant exhibitions
1984-5: Kunwinjku Bim: Western Arnhem Land paintings from the Collection of the Aboriginal Arts Board. National Gallery of Victoria. 7 December 1984 – 24 June 1985.
1995: Meat Market Craft Centre, Melbourne Victoria, September 1995.
1998: Japingka Gallery Desert Designs, Perth WA, March 1998.
1998: Dreamings. Spazio Pitti Arte, Florence Italy, April 1998.
1998: Volkenkundig Museum, Rotterdam Netherlands, May 1998.
1998: The Hague Unites the Nations. The Hague Netherlands, May 1998.
1998: From Bush to City. Hogarth Galleries, Sydney NSW, October 1998.
2004: Salon "ART PARIS". Carrousel du Louvre, Paris.
2004: Crossing Country: The Alchemy of Western Arnhem Land Art. Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney, 25 September - 12 December 2004.
2005: Old Men's Stories: Senior Artists from Oenpelli. Indigenart, The Mossenson Galleries, 29 January–20 February 2005.
2005: Terre de Rêves, Terre des Hommes. Musée de la Préhistoire d'Île de France, Nemours.
2005: The Art of Two Brothers. National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne Victoria, 24 November–17 December 2005.
2006: L'art aborigène contemporain. Médiathèque Cathédrale de Reims, Reims.
References
Australian Aboriginal artists
1933 births
2005 deaths
The Queen is a 1968 American documentary film directed by Frank Simon and narrated by Flawless Sabrina. It depicts the experiences of the drag queens organizing and participating in the 1967 Miss All-America Camp Beauty Contest held at New York City's Town Hall. The film was screened at the International Critics' Week section of the 1968 Cannes Film Festival; however, the festival was ultimately curtailed and ended due to ongoing civil unrest in France before any awards could be given out.
First released in the United States in June 1968 to generally positive reviews, it was subsequently screened in France (November 1968), Netherlands (1969), Denmark (1969), and Finland (1969). The film was revived in January 2013 at New York Film Forum, followed by a 4K restoration screened during the 2019 Melbourne International Film Festival.
In 2020, Kino Lorber released a Blu-ray of the restored version of The Queen, with bonus additional footage, an interview with Flawless Sabrina, and Queens at Heart as additional features.
Synopsis
Jack, a 24-year-old gay man living in New York and working as a drag queen named Flawless Sabrina, is the mistress of ceremonies for the 1967 Miss All-America Camp Beauty Contest. The competition operates on a points system: a maximum of five points each for walk, talk, bathing suit, gown, make-up and hair-do; and ten points for beauty.
In between rehearsing and performing, the contestants discuss topics such as draft boards, sexual identity, sex reassignment surgery, transgender identities, and being a drag queen. One contestant, Pepper Labeija recounts receiving a draft notice and being turned away because of his feminine appearance, despite requesting to serve and protect his country.
Jack's protégé, Richard, performs under the name Rachel Harlow and enters the contest. Also competing is Crystal LaBeija (who would later become the founder of the House of LaBeija). Rachel and Crystal both make it into the top five, with each finalist completing a final runway walk into the audience, which includes Andy Warhol, George Plimpton and Terry Southern. Crystal places fourth, to her displeasure, and storms off the stage. Rachel is ultimately crowned as the winner.
Some contestants are shown protesting Rachel's win; Crystal states that the contest was fixed and that she may sue Sabrina. As they leave the building, Crystal runs into Rachel and Sabrina on the stairs where Sabrina denies the allegations. The film closes on Rachel out of drag, walking through the Port Authority Bus Terminal and twirling her crown on one hand.
Reception
Critical response
The documentary originally opened to generally positive reviews in June 1968, when first released in the United States, with subsequent releases across Europe in 1968 and 1969.
In January 2013, The Queen was revived at the Film Forum in New York, then restored in 2019 by Kino Lorber for screenings at the IFC Center and Melbourne International Film Festival.
In a 1968 The New York Times review, Renata Adler called the film an "extraordinary documentary" that "shows us another America." Andrew Sarris from Village Voice stated "The drag queen contestants are eminently likable in curiously peripheral ways."
In a retrospective piece written after the film's restoration, Jerry Portwood of Rolling Stone described the film as "extraordinary because it captures so much, doubling as a time capsule of a generation's innocence and fashion-forward sophistication. You can tell why it functioned as a template for many future gender-nonconforming people looking for some sort of pre-internet guide through the confusing maze of sexuality and gender."
Influence on popular culture
The film's concluding scene featuring Crystal LaBeija has led to The Queen become a "cult favourite"; Crystal's speech was sampled in the track "Ambience 001" in Frank Ocean's album Endless, and drag queen Aja (who would later join the House of LaBeija) impersonated LaBeija in season three of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars.
The Queen has often been compared to Paris Is Burning, a documentary focusing on the New York City drag ball scene of the 1980s, which includes in its cast members of the House of LaBeija.
References
Further reading
External links
1968 films
1968 documentary films
Documentary films about LGBT topics
American documentary films
Historiography of LGBT in New York City
Drag (clothing)-related films
1968 LGBT-related films
1960s English-language films
Films directed by Frank Simon
1960s American films
Mattias Ohlin (born 4 February 1978) is a former international freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Sweden, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 2000.
Ohlin is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 4×100 m freestyle at the 2000 FINA Short Course World Championships in Athens, Greece.
References
1978 births
Living people
Swedish male backstroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Sweden
People from Trelleborg
World record setters in swimming
Swedish male freestyle swimmers
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Trelleborgs SS swimmers
Sportspeople from Skåne County
Gezim Ljalja (, ; born July 25, 1956) is a former Yugoslav footballer who spent his entire career at FK Zemun and became one of the greatest and most notable players of the club. He has also served as a football coach at many clubs abroad.
Career
Born in Gjakova, SAP Kosovo, back then an autonomous province of SR Serbia within Yugoslavia, Lala grew up in his hometown where he started playing football from a young age.
At the time of high-school he had three passions, painting, music and football, but he was most attracted by the last one, and joined local side KF Vëllaznimi. At the age of 12 he was selected to be part of the representative youth team of the province of SAP Kosovo. They finished in first place at the tournament of the Yugoslav republics and provinces held in Borovo and immediately after, Yugoslav youth national team managers, Stevan Vilotić and Ante Mladinić, called him to the Yugoslav national team to the tournament in Monte Carlo. Immediately upon their return, Stjepan Bobek and Marko Valok, who were coaching at the time FK Galenika Zemun, brought Lala along with his Vëllaznimi teammate Đokica Stanojević, to the club.
Zemun is a suburb of capital Belgrade, and initially Lala had difficulties in adapting since he was coming from a rural area. After six months Lala was already feeling at home. The team was playing well with attractive football displayed by a number of great teammates, and all this was resulting in major enthusiasm and support from the fans. Around mid-1970s, as a player of FK Galenika Zemun, Lala was playing for Yugoslav youth national team at the Monte Carlo tournament in honour of Prince Charles. At that initial period he also played for the National amateur team of Yugoslavia and also the Yugoslav Olympic team.
At that time footballers were starting to become real media stars and Lala gradually rose to fame and was considered a local star, especially in Zemun. His great performances with FK Zemun in the Yugoslav First and Second Leagues made him grow in prominence significantly. At some point, after filming a movie "Trener" (translated "Coach") in which Lala was an actor, the president of Red Star Belgrade, Dragan Džajić along with his associates Branko Stanković and Stevan Ostojić, spoke with Lala about the possibility of him joining "the giants", Red Star. Unfortunately, the transfer was never realised. Then Vladica Kovačević arranged a move of Simo Nikolić and Lala to Olympique Lyonnais, however, Zemun management decided that only one could leave, and they chose Nikolić over Lala. During the long period Lala spent at Zemun, he was also at trials in New York to join New York Cosmos but president of the club, Georgije Bošković, was advised by the coach that Lala was crucial for the club and that they couldn't let him go, so his transfer to Cosmos did not materialise.
Lala was part of the generation that took Zemun to the semi-finals of the 1981–82 Yugoslav Cup in which they lost against Red Star, but previously eliminating Hajduk Split and also winning against Partizan, on their home court, by 2–0 with Lala scoring the first goal. All in all, Lala spent his entire senior career at FK Zemun becoming one of club's greatest legends, having played over 350 official matches. His speed, agility, explosiveness, dribbling and general creativity of playing on the field left his fans in awe and inspired many to play football afterwards. After retiring Lala led the youth department of FK Zemun which produced numerous notable players such as Nenad Džodić, Ilija Stolica, Nenad Đorđević, Mateja Kežman and many more.
He was declared an honorary citizen of Zemun by the Zemun Municipality.
Personal life
With time, he has dedicated himself more to painting. He married at age 41 to his wife Kimet which he met during holidays in Gjakova, and has two children, a son Eduard and a daughter Edita both born and living in Belgrade, Zemun.
References
1956 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gjakova
Kosovan footballers
Association football midfielders
KF Vëllaznimi players
FK Zemun players
Kosovan football managers
FK Zemun managers
Kosovan expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Libya
Expatriate football managers in Oman
Sacbrood virus or SBV disease is an infectious disease caused by the Morator aetatulas virus that affects honey bee larvae. When sick, the colony declines gradually with few or no replacement workers, costing 20-80% of honey production.
Reasons
SBV is caused by the M. aetatulas virus. Transmission is due to bees taking care of larvae, other bees entering the colony to steal, bees entering the wrong hive through a source of flowers, or through beekeepers' activities (changing bridges, importing hives, etc). The disease spreads and flares up when the operation of importing bee breeds is not controlled.
According to Borchert, when studying the disease in 1966, one diseased larva could infect 3,000 healthy larvae. Bailey in 1981 claimed that the liquid in a killed larva containing 1 mg of virus can infect all worker larvae of 1,000 healthy bees.
Symptoms
When sick bees go to work, particularly heavy hives noticed that bees take dead larvae out of the nest. The screw cap on the pupil surface is sunken, and a few small pinholes are present. The larvae die at the new stage screw cap (pupa). At the pointed tip of the diseased larva protruding between the nest holes, the tip of the larvae tilts towards the abdomen. At the larvae's end is a small transparent water bag. Dead larvae have no odor.
Prevention and treatment
The best preventative measures are hygiene of means, transporting tools and beekeeping tools when trading, importing, and transporting bees and products, as well as inspecting and interacting with bees; when importing the breeds, choose healthy, clean and clear hives.
Antibiotics do not affect this disease. Biological techniques such as replacing the sick lord with a royal cap or silk thread, confining the hive for 8-10 days, removing bridges so that the bees thicken the remaining bridges, feeding 5-6 nights in a row to transfer to a new and better source of flowers and isolation from other bee farms and merging the weakening hive.
See also
Evolution of the Sacbrood Virus
References
Iflaviridae
Western honey bee pests
Bee diseases
The 2016–17 Greek Football Cup was the 75th edition of the Greek Football Cup. Just as last year's edition, a total of 34 clubs were accepted to enter. The competition commenced on 14 September 2016 with the Preliminary Round and concluded on 6 May 2017 with the Final. The winner of the competition was PAOK for fifth time.
Teams
Calendar
Participating clubs
Preliminary round
The draw for this round took place on 24 August 2016.
Summary
|}
Matches
Sparta won 5–1 on aggregate.
OFI won 2–0 on aggregate.
Group stage
The draw for this round took place on 29 September 2016.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Knockout phase
Each tie in the knockout phase, apart from the final, was played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scored more goals on aggregate over the two legs advanced to the next round. If the aggregate score was level, the away goals rule was applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs advanced. If away goals were also equal, then extra time was played. The away goals rule was again applied after extra time, i.e. if there were goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score was still level, the visiting team advanced by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals were scored during extra time, the winners were decided by a penalty shoot-out. In the final, which were played as a single match, if the score was level at the end of normal time, extra time was played, followed by a penalty shoot-out if the score was still level.The mechanism of the draws for each round is as follows:
In the draw for the round of 16, the eight group winners are seeded, and the eight group runners-up are unseeded.The seeded teams are drawn against the unseeded teams, with the seeded teams hosting the second leg.
In the draws for the quarter-finals onwards, there are no seedings, and teams from the same group can be drawn against each other.
Bracket
Round of 16
The draw for this round took place on 20 December 2016.
Seeding
Summary
|}
Matches
Asteras Tripolis won 3–0 on aggregate.
PAOK won 6–1 on aggregate.
Panathinaikos won 7–0 on aggregate.
Xanthi won on away goals.
AEK Athens won 7–0 on aggregate.
Atromitos won 4–2 on aggregate.
Olympiacos won 3–1 on aggregate.
Platanias won 3–1 on aggregate.
Quarter-finals
The draw for this round took place on 27 January 2017.
Summary
|}
Matches
Panathinaikos won 5–0 on aggregate.
Olympiacos won 2–1 on aggregate.
AEK Athens won 3–0 on aggregate.
PAOK won on away goals.
Semi-finals
The draw for this round took place on 21 March 2017.
Summary
|}
Matches
PAOK won 4–2 on aggregate.
AEK Athens won on away goals.
Final
References
External links
2016–17 Greek Football Cup at the Greek Football Federation site (Greek)
Greek Football Cup seasons
Cup
Greece
Mirza Asadullayev Shamsi oghlu (; 1875–1936) was an Azerbaijani industrial magnate, philanthropist and statesman who served as Minister of Industry and Trade in the third cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and was member of Parliament of Azerbaijan.
Early years
Asadullayev was born in 1875 in Baku, Azerbaijan to the family of famous oil magnate Shamsi Asadullayev. After graduating from a Baku gymnasium, he worked for his father's oil company. In early 1900s, he married the daughter of another oil magnate Musa Nagiyev, Umm-El-Banine Assadoulaeff. Due to his father's oil business, Asadullayev has spent considerable time living in Moscow and St. Petersburg. He also chaired the Muslim Charity Society organization. After the February revolution in Russia, Asadullayev was elected a member to the Executive Committee of the Interim Muslim National Council. In 1918, he was elected chairman of Baku Oil Industry Council.
Political career
After establishment of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, he played an important role in the economy of the country. On December 26, when the third cabinet led by Fatali Khan Khoyski was formed, Asadullayev was appointed the Minister of Industry and Trade of ADR. He's recognized as an important contributor in development of industry sector of Azerbaijan.
After Bolshevik occupation of Azerbaijan in 1920, Asadullayev was arrested and imprisoned. He was released the same year and with permission from the authorities, was allowed to leave the country.
Asadullayev settled in Paris where he lived until his death in 1936.
See also
Azerbaijani National Council
Cabinets of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (1918-1920)
Current Cabinet of Azerbaijan Republic
References
1875 births
1936 deaths
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic politicians
Government ministers of Azerbaijan
Businesspeople from Baku
Engineers from Baku
Azerbaijani businesspeople in the oil industry
Politicians from Baku
Azerbaijani philanthropists
Soviet emigrants to France
Members of the National Assembly of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic
The 1988 Bucknell Bison football team was an American football team that represented Bucknell University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Bucknell tied for third in the Colonial League.
In their third and final year under head coach George Landis, the Bison compiled a 3–7 record. Ed Foley, Chris Hackley and Steve Weiss were the team captains.
The Bison were outscored 323 to 229. Their 2–3 conference record placed Bucknell in a three-way tie for third (and for next-to-last) in the six-team Colonial League standings.
Bucknell played its home games at Memorial Stadium on the university campus in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania.
Schedule
References
Bucknell
Bucknell Bison football seasons
Bucknell Bison football
This is a list of notable restaurants in Sweden.
Stockholm
Bacchi Wapen
Bellmansro
Berns Salonger
Blanchs café
Brostugan, Kärsön
Cattelin
Clas på Hörnet
Crazy Horse, Stockholm
Den gröne Jägaren
Den gyldene freden
Edsbacka krog
Frantzén
Kaknästornet
Lady Hutton
Mathias Dahlgren
Operakällaren
Stallmästaregården
Elsewhere
Flickorna Lundgren
See also
Lists of restaurants
Restaurants
Sweden
Louis Nathan Blair (September 10, 1910 – July 7, 1996) was an American Major League Baseball infielder. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season. In 137 games, he posted a .279 batting average (135-for-484) with 5 home runs and 66 RBI.
In college, Blair was named to the All-Tournament Second Team in the very first SEC Men's Basketball Tournament in 1933. He was a forward for Louisiana State University which made it to the semi-finals in the tournament. Blair played on the 1935 team that won the American Legion Bowl in Atlantic City which the team claims the National Championship for. They beat the Pitt Panthers 41–37.
References
Major League Baseball infielders
Philadelphia Athletics players
Baseball players from Mississippi
LSU Tigers basketball players
LSU Tigers baseball players
Louisiana State University alumni
1910 births
1996 deaths
People from Columbia, Mississippi
American men's basketball players
Alexandria Aces players
Binghamton Triplets players
Kansas City Blues (baseball) players
Newark Bears (IL) players
Norfolk Tars players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Vicksburg Billies players
Vicksburg Hill Billies players
Route 46 is a highway in northern Missouri. Its eastern terminus is at U.S. Route 69 north of Eagleville; its western terminus is at U.S. Route 59 east of Fairfax.
History
Route 46 is one of the original state highways from 1922. Its original termini were the east and west county lines of Worth which it ran completely across.
Major intersections
References
046
Transportation in Atchison County, Missouri
Transportation in Nodaway County, Missouri
Transportation in Worth County, Missouri
Transportation in Harrison County, Missouri
Afiyah Matthias (born 20 December 1992) is a Trinidad and Tobago footballer who plays as a midfielder. She has been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team.
Club career
Matthias has played for Real Dimension in Trinidad and Tobago.
International career
Matthias capped for Trinidad and Tobago at senior level during the 2010 CONCACAF Women's World Cup Qualifying and the 2014 CONCACAF Women's Championship.
References
1992 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Trinidad and Tobago women's international footballers
Michael Paulson is an American journalist. From 2000 to 2010 he covered religion for The Boston Globe. Since 2010, he has worked at the New York Times, where he initially continued his religion coverage. His work there reflected his early politics roots and continued to tie religion to national issues. Since April 2015, he has covered theater at the New York Times.
Personal
Paulson is a native of Newton, Massachusetts and now lives in Boston. He graduated from Newton South High School and obtained his degree from Haverford College.
Career
Mr. Paulson was the National Religion reporter for the New York Times. While working for The Boston Globe, Paulson was responsible for covering the world's faith and spirituality. He began working for The Boston Globe in January 2000. Prior to this, his career included seven years working as a city hall reporter, a state house bureau chief, and as a Washington correspondent at the Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Before that he worked as a political reporter for the San Antonio Light in Texas.In May 2021 Michael received criticism for a piece about Broadway reopening after COVID-19 restrictions. His article is accused of being fat shaming.
Books
Paulson co-authored the book, "Betrayal: The Crisis in the Catholic Church."
Awards
Paulson won a number of awards which include:
In 2003, he shared in the Pulitzer Prize for his coverage of child abuse affairs in the archdiocese of Boston. He has also won the Mike Berger, Templeton and Supple awards in 2008, and is a four-time winner of the Wilbur Award for his coverage of the Boston archdiocese abuse scandal, the elevation of Episcopal Bishop Gene Robinson, and the death of Pope John Paul II.
The Religion Communicators Council has awarded him its Wilbur Award in 2003, 2004, and 2005.
Associated Press Managing Editors' Freedom of Information Award
Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting
George Polk Award
A medal from Investigative Reporters and Editors
Selden Ring Award
Sigma Delta Chi Award from the Society of Professional Journalists
Taylor Family Award
Worth Bingham Award
The New York Times Company's Punch Sulzberger Award
His team also won a media award from the Massachusetts Association and the Spirit Award from Jane Doe Inc.
See also
Catholic sex abuse cases
References
Media coverage of Catholic Church sexual abuse scandals
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Newton South High School alumni
Haverford College alumni
American male journalists
Greatest Hits Part 2 is a 1996 compilation album by the rock band Styx and a follow-up to The Greatest Hits, another compilation album released in 1995. The album features 14 previously released Styx songs as well as two new songs, "Little Suzie" and "It Takes Love". Major omissions that were not included on either Greatest Hits packages are 2 top 40 charted singles, "Why Me" (#27, 1980) and "Music Time" (#40, 1984).
Track listing
Personnel
Dennis DeYoung - keyboards, vocals
Tommy Shaw - guitar, vocals
James "J.Y." Young - guitar, vocals
John Curulewski - guitar
Chuck Panozzo - bass, vocals
John Panozzo - drums
Glen Burtnik - guitar, vocals
Todd Sucherman - drums
References
1996 greatest hits albums
Styx (band) compilation albums
A&M Records compilation albums
Maharaja Srimant Yeshwantrao Hindurao Ghorpade (13 November 1908 - 11 October 1996) was the ruler of the princely state of Sandur from 1928 to 1949. He was the last Rajah of Sandur and presided over the accession of the state to the Dominion of India. He was also an ardent wildlife conservationist and member of the Bombay Natural History Society.
Early life and education
Yeshwantrao was born on 13 November 1908 in Sanduru, the capital of Sandur state to Bhujangrao Yeshwantrao Raje Ghorpade, the jagirdar of Gajendragad and his wife, Tarabai Sahib Ghorpade. Yeshwantrao had his education at Baldwin High School, Bangalore and Holkar College, Indore and graduated from the Allahabad University. On 5 May 1928, he succeeded his deceased cousin, Venkata Rao III as the Raja of Sandur and was formally installed on 20 June 1928.
Reign
Yeshwantrao ruled as the Rajah of Sandur till the state's accession to Indian on 10 August 1947. The state was initially governed by an administrator till 5 February 1930 when he assumed full administrative powers. Yeshwantrao's reign is notable for his social and administrative reforms apart from his efforts at wildlife conservation. Yeshwantrao abolished untouchability and opened the gates of Hindu temples to all castes through legislation in 1932. In 1931, he set up a legislature comprising an upper and a lower house, the Sandur State Council.
The famous writer and wildlife conservationist, Madhavaiah Krishnan was an employee of the Sandur State Civil Service and was instrumental in drawing the Rajah's attention to wildlife conservation. After independence, Ghorpade served as Vice-President of the Expert Committee of Wildlife Conservation in India.
Honours
Yeshwantrao was a recipient of the King George V Silver Jubilee medal (1935), King George VI coronation medal (1937) and the Indian Independence Medal (1948).
References
1908 births
1996 deaths
Members of the Bombay Natural History Society
Rose Rehert Kushner (June 22, 1929 – January 7, 1990) was an American journalist and pioneering advocate for breast cancer patients. She wrote the 1975 book Why Me? What Every Woman Should Know About Breast Cancer to Save Her Life.
Early life and career
Rose Rehert was born on June 22, 1929, in Baltimore, Maryland. Her parents were Eastern European immigrants Israel and Fannie Gravitz Rehert, both of whom died by the time she was 10 years old. As a child, she aspired to a career as a physician, but her family was unable or unwilling to send her to college. After high school she worked at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine from 1947 to 1951 and took pre-med courses at Baltimore Junior College in 1949.
In 1951 she married Harvey Kushner and had three children, born between 1952 and 1958. She returned to college in the 1960s, changing her concentration to journalism, and in 1972 receiving an A.B. degree summa cum laude from the University of Maryland. In the late 1960s and early 1970s she did medical writing and freelance journalism work, including work in Bolivia and Vietnam, as well as coverage of the 1973 Yom Kippur war.
Breast cancer advocacy
After Rose Kushner's June 1974 discovery of a cancerous lump in her breast, breast cancer became the focus of her life. On the basis of her library research into breast cancer treatment, she objected to the treatment which was then standard, in which a tumor biopsy and radical mastectomy were performed in a single surgical operation while the patient was under anesthesia. However, she had difficulty finding a doctor who would perform a diagnostic biopsy and allow her to decide what action to take next. After a biopsy determined that her tumor was cancerous, she resisted the then-standard radical mastectomy procedure, in which muscle tissue and lymph nodes were removed along with the breast. In order to have a less invasive procedure, she traveled from her Kensington, Maryland home to Buffalo, New York, where she had found a doctor (Dr. Thomas Dao) who was willing to do a modified radical mastectomy.
As Kushner recovered from her surgery, she started writing about her experiences with breast cancer. She was outspoken in her criticism of Betty Ford's September 1974 treatment for breast cancer, using personal connections in Washington, DC, in an unsuccessful effort to convince the First Lady not to undergo a one-step biopsy and radical mastectomy. After being told that "the President has made his decision" (regarding his wife's medical treatment) she railed against the "male-chauvinist-piggery" represented by that statement, writing in a letter: "That statement has got to be engraved somewhere as the all-time sexist declaration of no-woman rights."
Her first major article on the topic of breast cancer was published in The Washington Post on October 6, 1974. She traveled to Europe to learn about breast cancer treatment there, finding that the radical mastectomy was not used as widely as in the United States. Upon her return home, she started a book about the causes, diagnosis, and treatment of breast cancer, completing the manuscript in just seven weeks. The book, published in 1975 under the title Breast Cancer: A Personal History and Investigative Report, contained extensive medical information and advice for patients, including strong criticism of radical mastectomies and the practice of performing a biopsy and a mastectomy as a one-step surgical procedure. In her critique of prevalent medical practices she used rhetoric familiar to the 1970s feminist movement, with statements such as "No man is going to make another impotent while he's asleep without his permission, but there's no hesitation if it's a woman's breast." The book was strongly endorsed by Dr. Dao, who had conducted research on breast cancer treatment and had performed Rose Kushner's surgery, but it was widely criticized by other doctors and the American Cancer Society.
In 1975 Kushner and Dorothy Johnston, established a telephone hotline called the Breast Cancer Advisory Center, based in Kensington, Maryland, that operated until 1982, responding to calls and letters from thousands of women wanting information about breast cancer and its treatment. The center's establishment was motivated in part by Kushner's desire to promote patient self-help and mutual support, thus displacing the medical profession and the American Cancer Society from their roles as information "gatekeepers".
Kusher became a relentless critic of the treatment of breast cancer by the medical profession. She attended numerous meetings of medical professionals, interrupting presentations, questioning conclusions, and speaking against the prevalent practices of one-step breast cancer surgery and radical mastectomy. In 1975 she was "booed off the stage" at a meeting of the Society of Surgical Oncology, whose members objected to her challenges to traditional treatments.
In spite of her unpopularity with the mainstream medical profession, Kushner's work was well received in the public and won increasing respect in official circles. In June 1977, she was the only lay member appointed to a ten-member National Institutes of Health (NIH) panel that evaluated treatment options for primary breast cancer. In 1979, the panel issued its findings, concluding that the Halsted radical mastectomy should no longer be the standard treatment for suspected cases of breast cancer, instead recommending total simple mastectomy as the primary surgical treatment. Additionally, Kushner convinced her fellow panel members to include a statement calling for an end to the one-step surgical procedure. At the time of her death, Dr. Bruce A. Chabner of the National Cancer Institute said she was "probably the single most important person" in ending the practice of one-step surgery for breast cancer, because of her persistence and because she brought medical information to a wide public audience that otherwise might have remained unaware of the options.
Following her service on the NIH panel, President Jimmy Carter appointed Kushner to the National Cancer Advisory Board as the board's first lay member, and she was engaged by the NIH to review grant applications. She took pleasure in the fact that she was working within the system, joking "I'm a full-fledged member of the Establishment."
After Kushner's cancer recurred in 1981, she refused chemotherapy, which she considered to be unacceptably toxic, and was treated with tamoxifen. In the 1980s she campaigned against aggressive use of chemotherapy. In a 1984 article "Is Aggressive Adjuvant Chemotherapy the Halsted Radical of the '80s?" she suggested that chemotherapy was being used as indiscriminately as radical mastectomy surgery had been in earlier decades, saying that doctors gave insufficient attention to the serious side effects of chemotherapy, and calling chemotherapy "therapeutic overkill." Barron Lerner has suggested that the vehemence of her attack on chemotherapy may have reflected a conflict of interest, related both to her personal interest in the implications of her own decision to refuse chemotherapy and a "close working and financial relationship with the manufacturers of tamoxifen."
She continued to advocate for the interests of breast cancer patients for the rest of her life. In 1986 she was a cofounder of the National Alliance of Breast Cancer Organizations, an umbrella organization on whose board she served from 1986 to 1989. In 1989 she was appointed to the Breast Cancer Task Force of the American Cancer Society. Up until a few days before her death in 1990, at the age of 60, she was actively lobbying for the U.S. federal government to require health insurance to cover mammograms.
Works
The following are among Rose Kushner's published writings:
Kushner, Rose (1977), Why Me? What Every Woman Should Know About Breast Cancer To Save Her Life (originally published in 1975 as Breast Cancer: A Personal History and Investigative Report). ,
Kushner, Rose (1979), "If You've Thought About Breast Cancer..." (brochure), American Cancer Society, District of Columbia Division. Rose created and wrote the first six editions of this series, which was continued by the National Cancer Institute.
Kushner, Rose (1984), Is Aggressive Adjuvant Chemotherapy the Halsted Radical of the '80s?, CA Cancer J Clin 1984; 34:345-351.
Kushner, Rose (1985), Alternatives: New Developments in the War Against Breast Cancer, Warner Books. , ,
Awards and recognitions
Kushner received awards from the American Medical Writers Association in 1980 and 1985 for her books and articles about breast cancer. The American Cancer Society honored her with its Medal of Honor in 1987 and its Courage Award in 1988.
In 1990 she was the posthumous recipient of the James Ewing Award of the Society of Surgical Oncology, recognizing outstanding contributions by a lay person to the fight against cancer.
References
External links
Rose Kushner's "If You've Thought About Breast Cancer..."
Papers, 1953-1990. Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University.
American health activists
American women journalists
Jewish American journalists
Deaths from breast cancer
Writers from Baltimore
People from Montgomery County, Maryland
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
1929 births
1990 deaths
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American women writers
Women's health movement
20th-century American Jews
The white-browed babbler (Pomatostomus superciliosus) is a small, gregarious species of bird in the family Pomatostomidae. They are endemic to the open woodlands and shrubby areas of central and southern Australia. The Latin name superciliosus refers to the supercilium or ‘eyebrow', which is a feature synonymous with the pomatostomine babblers (Hall's babbler, chestnut-crowned babbler, grey-crowned babbler and white-browed babbler).
Description
Ranging from 17 cm to 21 cm in length the white-browed babbler is the smallest of the Australian babblers. It is a medium-sized terrestrial bird with a long and decurved bill. The wings are short and rounded in shape adjoining to a plump, full body which is similar, but slightly smaller than the chestnut-crowned or Hall's babbler. The tail is long and graduated ending with a rounded tip. The gregarious nature of this species means that the tail is often fanned or raised or any mix of the two. There are many variations to colour, however the adult babbler generally varies from a dark grey-brown to solid dark brown with distinguished white supercilium and dark brown eye stripe. The underside is usually lighter in colour, varying from light grey or white to light brown, sometimes lighter for females, but generally sexes are similar. Juveniles often have more pronounced dark plumage with a chestnut or cinnamon motif, especially on the underside. Breeding adult males may sometimes have a more pronounced brown ‘cap' compared to females or juveniles.
Similar species
Hall's babbler is the species most often confused with the white-browed babbler because of their similarity in size, the two can best be distinguished by comparing the supercilium. Hall's babbler has a narrow and very dark brown crown-stripe with a much broader, vivid white supercilium. Secondly, Hall's babbler does not have a ‘fading' eye-stripe towards the rear of the head where there is more chestnut brown colouration. Individuals will have vivid colouration on the face and will never have a white dot under the eye which is sometimes present in the white-browed babbler. The tail will also have a square edge rather than a round edge which the white-browed babbler would have, however this feature is sometimes not as reliable in juveniles.
Chestnut-crowned babblers are most easily defined by the colour of their cap and wing patterns. They have a much lighter ‘chestnut' coloured cap and distinct double white wing-bars across coverts.
The grey-crowned babbler is significantly larger than its white-browed counterpart. Their size means that to conserve energy their wing beat pattern changes to a more sporadic flapping and gliding rather than even and fast wing beats.
Habitat
The habitat for the white-browed babbler varies across the southern regions of Australia from dry sclerophyll woodlands, shrublands, heathland, semi-arid grasslands or open forests. They prefer areas with a dense understory of shrubs or spinifex for protection and nesting. Their range extends through arid and semi arid areas all the way across the South Australian coastline to Western Australia, and by doing so crosses many different ecological vegetation classes (EVCs). No preference seems to be shown with the overall composition of habitat, only that when the understory provides a good quality protection from the environment and predators the species is more successful. Populations have been found in many locations across southern Australia including dry, rocky gibber desert, mulga, eucalypt or acacia woodlands Studies have also found many populations in and around human related infrastructure (see below).
Babblers spend the majority of their time foraging through leaf litter on the ground, although during nesting periods they retreat to nests inside hollowed logs, grass clumps, fallen branches or shrubs.
Distribution
Populations of white-browed babbler live throughout the southern mainland of Australia. Generally they are located south of the tropic of Capricorn from the east to west coast of Australia. The populations that exist in the central areas of Australia tend to be more isolated than those nearer to the coastline.
Behaviour
Breeding
Breeding is widespread throughout the year and across distribution, it depends mostly on environmental conditions. During drought breeding is less prevalent, or the amount of eggs laid can be reduced from four or five to two. Co-operative breeding is common within this species. This is when groups of between two and four breeding pairs and various other individuals form a breeding community which take turns incubating eggs and repairing nests. Incubation takes around 19 days followed by a further 20 days developing in the nest.
Breeding pairs are usually monogamous even though co-operative breeding takes place. Pairs spend almost the entire year in close proximity, preening each other regularly and working in unison to defend territory or feeding together. Prospective males perch next to females facing the same direction and begin a loud chatter jumping from one side of female to the other and then fluttering their wings with their head thrown back. Females then mimic the chatter and wing fluttering. Usually this occurs from late August to mid-September although you can occur at other times before breeding.
Nests are dome-like in shape with a hooded entrance, usually made from small sticks from surrounding environment. Some nests in colder areas have been found to be lined with soft scavenged furs. On some occasions they build two nests, one for roosting and the other for brooding, in other words one for resting and the other for raising young.
Feeding and diet
The diet of the white-browed babbler varies depending on the area that they live in and the availability of food sources. Insects, spiders, amphibians, crustaceans, reptiles, fruit, seeds and nuts have been found to be part of their diet, most commonly varieties of these which can be found on the ground where they spend the majority of their time. Adult feeding individuals have a log or branch from which they hide in and return to, rarely venturing from their nest or feeding areas that are known to them. Juveniles without partners tend to be more adventurous while feeding or searching for partners, although they still move between safe areas.
Voice
The most common call heard is a low repeated ‘chuck' call which is thought to be a contact call while foraging. The long-distance call consists of chattering ‘mee' sounds repeated three or more times followed by whistled ‘wee-aw' which rises in pitch. As the name suggests this may be used for communication over long distances with individuals removed from the group, it tends to be much louder than other calls.
When a group is in distress they all form a chorus of ‘churring' sounds, this combined with moving from perch to perch seems to communicate danger and serves as an alarm. There have been studies that suggest that varying numbers of these calls or the speed of them suggest varying levels of danger.
Threats and human interactions
Threats to the species are generally associated with habitat clearing and fragmentation from expanding agriculture and forestry. The most prevalent areas of agriculture are in the Western Australian wheat belt area, where land clearing has led to highly disconnected vegetation. Forestry and landscape sized bushfires in Victoria are responsible for widespread clearing of remnant vegetation.
Pressure from predation also occurs from introduced species such as cats and foxes. These species, among others have a complex and widespread effect on the ecosystem. Models that predict the effects of these species suggest that they could affect the numbers of native birds in the long term.
Some studies have found nesting sites on roadsides, golf courses, orchards, agricultural areas and buildings. Other studies indicate that anywhere that understory and groundcover was dense or protection was offered there were likely to be higher densities of white-browed babbler.
Status and conservation
Commonwealth status: Not listed
State of Victoria: the least concern
State of South Australia: the least concern
State of Western Australia: the least concern
Given the large range of the species the IUCN has deemed that the population of white-browed babblers in Australia does not approach the thresholds for vulnerable under the range size criterion. The size and density has generally been in decline since the 1970s although the rate at which this is occurring suggests that there is little need for concern for the species.
Given that the persistence of the species is of little concern there are no conservation efforts tailored specifically for it, however there is significant decline of other species in the ecosystems which the white-browed babbler inhabits. Many of these studies suggest that remnant vegetation is integral to the health of these ecosystems, and that their removal can cause higher levels of competition in an area. This leads to interspecies competition for remnant vegetation and the species that rely on them decline in number. Others suggest that the generalist style of feeding is best suited to these degraded landscapes, and therefore the white-browed babbler is least susceptible to degraded conditions.
Also known as
White-eyebrowed babbler, white eyebrowed chatterer, white-browed chatterer, cackler, catbird, chatterer, go-always, happy family, hopping dick, hopping jenny, jumper, kangaroo bird, stickbird and yahoo.
References
white-browed babbler
Endemic birds of Australia
Least concern biota of Oceania
white-browed babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Ogonek-class river patrol craft, also known as Project 12130 Ogoniok river gunboat, is a Russian Coast Guard vessel. The patrol craft is designed to operate in rivers and perform various missions of the Russian Coast Guard like protecting Russian maritime borders, law enforcement, enforcement of navigation rules, search and rescue, and fisheries protection. These vessels work alongside other classes of Russian Coast Guard vessels, such as the and the s.
Design
The patrol craft are designed similar to other Russian river patrol vessels. In terms of armament, PSKR-201, 202 are only equipped with one 30 mm gun rather than two 30 mm guns and carry a 12.7 mm machine gun; all of the vessels carry the SAM system and the 7.62 mm machine gun. The suite of armaments they are equipped with allows the craft to engage surface, air, and ground threats and targets. The vessels are equipped with a simple navigational radar and communication systems. The vessels are equipped with 2 x 1100 hp M401B diesel engines, two fixed pitch propellers, 2 x 30 kW diesel generators; this gives them a top speed of about 25 knots.
See also
List of ships of Russia by project number
References
Patrol vessels of Russia
Patrol boat classes
Caenagnathasia ('recent jaw from Asia') is a small caenagnathid oviraptorosaurian theropod from the Late Cretaceous of Uzbekistan.
Discovery
The type species Caenagnathasia martinsoni was named and described in 1994 by Philip J. Currie, Stephen Godfrey and Lev Nesov. The generic name is a combination of a reference to the species' placement in the Caenagnathidae, with Asia, the continent of its provenance. The specific name honours Gerbert Genrikhovich Martinson. The genus is based on holotype N 401/12457, a pair of fused dentaries of the lower jaws. The specimen was found near Dzharakuduk in layers of the Bissekty Formation, dating to the Turonian-Coniacian, around 90 mya, making it the oldest known caenagnathoid. A second specimen was referred to the species, N 402/12457, a right dentary of a slightly smaller individual. Both individuals were adult. In 2015, new material of Caenagnathasia was described. From the same site as the holotype, the material includes various vertebrae, a dentary, and a femur.
Description
Caenagnathasia is the smallest known oviraptorosaur and one of the smallest non-avian dinosaurs. The jaw fragments are only a few centimetres long and total skull length has been estimated at . A 2010 estimate by Gregory S. Paul gave it a length of and a weight of . Caenagnathasia would presumably have resembled other oviraptorosaurs, which were feathered, bird-like dinosaurs with beaked skulls, long necks, and long limbs. Recent studies suggest it was one of the more primitive members of the Caenagnathidae.
Classification
Caenagnathasia was originally assigned to the Caenagnathidae. It was even included in the definition of that clade published by Hans-Dieter Sues. It has been suggested however, that it might have a more basal position in the Oviraptorosauria, outside of the Caenagnathoidea. In 2015 after the description of new material, it was found that Caenagnathasia could confidently be referred to Caenagnathidae.
The below cladogram is based on that resolved in the description of Anzu.
See also
Timeline of oviraptorosaur research
References
External links
Image of C. martinsonii at The Dinosauria
Caenagnathids
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossils of Uzbekistan
Bissekty Formation
Fossil taxa described in 1994
Taxa named by Philip J. Currie
Francis Bedford (1815 in London – 15 May 1894) was one of England's most prominent landscape photographers and the first to accompany a royal tour.
Early life
Bedford was the eldest son of the successful church architect Francis Octavius Bedford. He was christened at St Giles in Camberwell on 11 September 1815. He began his career as an architectural draughtsman and lithographer, before taking up photography in the early 1850s.
Career
He helped to found the Royal Photographic Society in 1853. In 1854, at Marlborough House Queen Victoria commissioned him to photograph objects in the royal collection and in 1857 she commissioned him to photograph her husband Prince Albert's hometown of Coburg, Germany. There followed several more royal commissions, and his series of stereographs of England and Wales have come to be regarded as some of the finest landscape works of their time. Following the death of Prince Albert in 1861 his eldest son, Prince Albert (later King Edward VII), invited Bedford to photograph his extensive tour of Greece and the Middle East, the first royal tour to be photographically documented.
For much of his career Bedford tended towards photography as an art form, painting in clouds, enhancing fine detail with pencil or brushes, and using tissue paper to darken negatives to improve lighting, but by the late 1870s, he was an advocate of simplicity. Between 1851 and 1894 he produced nearly 9,000 wet collodion negatives and albumen prints, making him one of the most prolific landscape photographers of his time.
Personal life
On 1 November 1843 he married Mary Graham at St Andrew's in Holborn, London. The couple appear on the 1851 census living at 23 Rochester Road, Kentish Town, London, with their two young sons, Arthur and William. Francis gave 'Lithographic Artist' as his profession. When the 1861 census was taken, Francis, now an 'Artist', was staying at a hotel in Peterborough. Ten years later he and Mary were living at 326 Camden Road, London. Francis now gave 'Photographic Artist' as his profession. He was still at the same address in 1881. Also present that night were his wife Mary, his son William, his daughter-in-law Wilhelmina, and his six-year-old grandson Francis.
He died on 15 May 1894 and is buried on the west side of Highgate Cemetery, close to the grave of another celebrated Victorian photographer, Henry White.
Photography records
On 19 February 2009 Swann Galleries set an auction record for Bedford's work Photographic Pictures Made by Mr. Francis Bedford During the Tour in the East, a suite of three albums from 1862. The albums sold for $132,000.
Collections
Duke University Libraries
National Gallery of Art, Department of Image Collections
The Royal Collection
Museum of Modern Art
National Galleries of Scotland
J. Paul Getty Museum
Ryerson Image Centre
Gallery
References
1816 births
1894 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
19th-century English photographers
Photographers from London
Early photographers in Palestine
During the 1960–61 NCAA University Division men's basketball season, a major gambling scandal broke. The scandal involved 37 arrests of students from 22 different colleges.
Jack Molinas, already a known gambling associate from the CCNY point shaving scandal in 1951, was implicated in this gambling scandal. His partners were bookmaker Joe Hacken and Genovese crime family enforcer Vincent Gigante.
Included were Doug Moe of UNC, Tony Jackson from St. John's University, Roger Brown of University of Dayton, and students from NYU, North Carolina State, and the University of Connecticut
Hall of Famer Connie Hawkins was kicked out of Iowa, but was never involved: as a freshman he could have had no effect on varsity games. No investigative action was taken against coach Scheuerman or varsity players (including All-American Don Nelson). Hawkins was barred from playing in NCAA, NIA, or the NBA due to these allegations until his lawsuit for reinstatement was successful in 1969, and he played with the Phoenix Suns.
Saint Joseph's University was stripped of its third-place finish in the 1961 NCAA tournament. Paul Tagliabue unknowingly played in a fixed game and as a result became ardently anti-gambling as the NFL's future commissioner.
References
Gambling
1961 in sports in New York (state)
Academic scandals
College basketball controversies in the United States
History of college basketball in the United States
NCAA sanctions
NYU Violets men's basketball
Sports betting scandals
Zhuangzi Tests His Wife () is a 1913 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Minwei. It is the earliest feature film of Hong Kong cinema, and the only film made by the Huamei (Chinese-American) Studio, which was co-founded by Benjamin Brosky, who had sold his Asia Film Company in Shanghai, and Li Minwei. The film was never screened in Hong Kong. Brosky brought the film to the United States, and it became the first Chinese film to be shown abroad when it was exhibited in the Chinese communities of Los Angeles and San Francisco. It is based on the zidishu play "The Butterfly Dream" written by Chunshuzhai.
Cast
Li Minwei stars as the wife of Zhuangzi, and Li Minwei's wife Yan Shanshan (1896-1951) became the first Chinese film actress, playing a servant girl.
Li Beihai ... Zhuangzi
Li Minwei ... Zhuangzi's wife
Yan Shanshan ... Servant Girl
Background
Fourth century BCE Zhuangzi (or Zhuang Zhou), one of the two defining figures of Chinese Taoism, based his philosophy on all things changing, and the perception of truth depending on the context under which it exists. Throughout history, his teachings have been particularly favored by Chinese scholars and artists, many of whom were inspired by Zhuangzi's philosophy.
Plot
In other media
Operatic versions of Zhuangzi Tests His Wife have been performed on stage by the Peking Opera and others.
Most operatic versions end with Zhuangzi burying his wife after she commits suicide for being disloyal to her husband. But this version tackles the story from a different angle. While Tian Shi still ultimately kills herself, Zhuangzi turns her and himself into butterflies and then, eventually, into dust.
See also
Cinema of Hong Kong
List of Hong Kong films
References
External links
Zhuangzi Tests His Wife at Internet Movie Database
Chinese silent films
Hong Kong black-and-white films
1913 films
1913 drama films
Chinese black-and-white films
Chinese drama films
Films set in the Warring States period
Silent drama films
Bănică Oprea (born 2 November 1967) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a forward. After he ended his playing career he worked as a manager at clubs from the Romanian lower leagues.
Honours
Callatis Mangalia
Divizia C: 1987–88, 1998–99
Notes
References
1967 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football forwards
Liga I players
Liga II players
FCV Farul Constanța players
FC Callatis Mangalia players
Romanian football managers
People from Medgidia
Mike Stroud may refer to:
Mike Stroud (physician) (born 1955), British physician and explorer
Mike Stroud (musician), guitarist in the New York electronic rock duo Ratatat
Branewka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Branewka-Kolonia
The black goby (Gobius niger) is a species of ray-finned fish found in the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea. It inhabits estuaries, lagoons, and inshore water over seagrass and algae. It feeds on a variety of invertebrates and sometimes small fish. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
This fish reaches a maximum length of TL. This fish's neck is scaled and both of its dorsal fins have a black spot on the front end.
Description
The black goby is deeper-bodied than the common goby, sand goby and two-spotted goby with a more rounded snout and generally a larger size. It has two dorsal fins that are almost continuous, the anterior one having six spines, which may project from the fin membrane, and the posterior and shorter one having soft rays. The posterior dorsal fin terminates close to the caudal peduncle in contrast to the common and sand gobies where there is a long gap. The pelvic fins are fused. The colour is some shade of dark brown with indistinct black blotches. The colour of the male becomes almost black during the breeding season and his fins become more vivid. The average size of this fish is about
Distribution and habitat
The black goby is native to shallow waters in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea. Its range extends from Cape Blanc in Mauritania to Trondheim in Norway and the Baltic Sea and it is usually found at depths less than . Its typical habitat is lagoons, estuaries and inshore waters, on sandy or muddy bottoms and among seagrasses and seaweeds, and it occasionally moves into fresh water.
Behaviour
The black goby feeds on small invertebrates on the seabed. It breeds in the summer at which time the male creates a territory in a shallow weedy area and prepares a nest on a clean piece of seabed. He invites the female to inspect it and if she approves, she lays her eggs there and the male guards them until they hatch.
References
External links
black goby
Fish of the Adriatic Sea
Fish of the Mediterranean Sea
Fish of the Baltic Sea
Fish of the Black Sea
Fish of the North Sea
Marine fish of Europe
Marine fauna of North Africa
Fauna of the British Isles
black goby
black goby
The Yunlin County Council (YLCC; ) is the elected county council of Yunlin County, Republic of China. The council composes of 43 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018.
History
The current county council building was completed and started its operation on 27 September 2001.
Architecture
The county council building has a 1,090 m2 area of session room. There is also a 4,000 m2 Democracy Square in front of the building.
Transportation
The council is accessible from south west of Douliu Station of Taiwan Railways.
See also
Yunlin County Government
References
External links
County councils of Taiwan
Yunlin County
Guilt by Association Vol. 3 is a compilation album released November 15, 2011 by Engine Room Recordings. Like its previous installments, Guilt by Association Vol. 1 and Guilt by Association Vol. 2, Guilt By Association Vol. 3 features indie rock artists covering popular rock songs.
Overview
In this, the third in the series of compilations released by Engine Room Recordings, Guilt by Association Vol. 3 features indie rock artists, including Canon Logic, Gold Lake and Helmet, covering their favorite guilty pleasure songs. Special to this part of the series is an added theme within a theme. All the songs on this album are covers of famous 80's hair metal tracks by such bands as Ratt and Cinderella. Conceived and compiled by Engine Room Recordings, the album brings together a variety of artists in the indie scene. Since its release, Guilt by Association Vol. 3 has received rave reviews.
Track listing
See also
Guilt by Association Vol. 1
Guilt by Association Vol. 2
References
External links
Official Myspace of GbA
Official website by Engine Room Recordings
Official Facebook fanpage
2011 compilation albums
Covers albums
Engine Room Recordings albums
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1570.
Events
December (approximate date) – Torquato Tasso travels to Paris in the service of Cardinal Luigi d'Este.
unknown date – The Académie de Poésie et de Musique is founded in France by the poet Jean-Antoine de Baïf and the musician Joachim Thibault de Courville.
New books
Prose
Roger Ascham – The Scholemaster (posthumous)
William Baldwin – Beware the Cat (new edition)
Thomas North – The Fables of Bidpai: The Morall Philosophie of Doni (translation of the Panchatantra from the Italian of Anton Francesco Doni)
Abraham Ortelius – Theatrum Orbis Terrarum (the first modern atlas)
Poetry
See 1570 in poetry
Births
October 4 – Péter Pázmány, Hungarian philosopher and theologian (died 1637)
December 29 – Wilhelm Lamormaini, Netherlandish theologian (died 1648)
Unknown dates
Sir Robert Aytoun, Scottish poet (died 1638)
Pedro de Oña, Chilean poet (died 1643)
Alexander Leighton, Scottish pamphleteer (died 1649)
Deaths
February 28 – Domingo de Santo Tomás, Spanish grammarian (born 1499)
March 25 – Johann Walter, German poet and composer (born 1496)
July 3 – Aonio Paleario, Italian humanist, reformer and pamphleteer (born c. 1500)
October 20 – João de Barros, Portuguese historian (born 1496)
November – Jacques Grévin, French dramatist (born c. 1539)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Scopula neoxesta is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
References
Moths described in 1888
neoxesta
Moths of Australia
The discography of American singer and ex-Pussycat Dolls member Ashley Roberts consists of one studio album, two lead singles, two promotional singles, and four music videos.
In 2010, Roberts announced that she was in the studio recording songs for her first solo album. Her first solo song, a cover of "A Summer Place", was released on iTunes on September 28. She also made an appearance in ex-bandmate Wyatt's music video for the single "Stars in Your Eyes". On June 14, 2012, Roberts made a cameo appearance in Bobby Newberry's music video for his debut single "Dirrty Up", with ex-bandmate Melody Thornton. On October 10, 2012, she released a preview of a cover version of Bobby Newberry's "All in a Day", produced by The Invaders. The full version was released at the end of October. On November 5, 2012, Roberts announced that her first promotional single would be "Yesterday", released that week via Cherry Red Records. On March 31, 2014, she announced her debut single "Clockwork", released on May 25, 2014. The single reached No. 175 in the UK and was released through Metropolis London Music; Roberts had parted ways with her former record label sometime the year before.
In June 2014, Roberts announced her debut album, entitled Butterfly Effect, to be released September 1, 2014. It was preceded by the album's second single "Woman Up". The single failed to chart, whereas the album peaked at No. 36 on the UK Independent Chart.
Studio albums
As lead artist
Promotional singles
Other solo songs
Music videos
Other appearances
References
Discographies of American artists
Xinpu may refer to:
China
Xinpu District (新浦区), a former district in Lianyungang, Jiangsu, now part of Haizhou District
Xinpu, Cixi (新浦镇), town in Cixi, Ningbo, Zhejiang
Xinpu, Jiaoling (新铺镇), a town in Jiaoling County, Meizhou, Guangdong
Xinpu, Shimen (新铺乡), a township in Shimen County, Changde, Hunan
Taiwan
Xinpu, Hsinchu (新埔鎮), urban township in Hsinchu County
Xinpu Station (新埔站), station on the Banqiao Line of the Taipei Metro in Banqiao, New Taipei
Garrett Nugent (1822-1898) was an Irish Anglican priest.
Nugent was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. and ordained in 1849. After a curacy at Clontibret he was an SPG missionary in Vaughan, Ontario from 1851 until 1862. He then held incumbencies at Ardnurcher and Balrathboyne. He was Archdeacon of Meath from 1882 until his death on 7 March 1898.
Notes
1898 deaths
Church of Ireland priests
Irish Anglican missionaries
1822 births
Archdeacons of Meath
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
19th-century Irish Anglican priests
Crossbows and Catapults, also known as Battlegrounds, is a game of physical skill first released in 1983. It has since been published by several different game publishers including Lakeside, Alga (Brio), Base Toys, Tomy and currently Moose Toys (under the name Battlegrounds Crossbows and Catapults). In the game, two sides, originally Vikings and Barbarians but later other names were used, build fortifications from plastic bricks and then attempt to destroy the other's castle with rubber-band powered crossbows (similar to ballistae) and catapults firing plastic disks. In the most recent version, launched in 2007, the two sides were Orcs and Knights.
In the Tomy version, the two armies are called the Impalers of the Clannic Shelf and the Doomlords of Gulch. The Impalers inhabit the Clannic Shelf, a large floating rock island 500 metres above the surface of Otherworld. The shelf has a gravitational effect on the Doomlords, causing them to have a shorter, squatter frame than the Impalers.
Rules and play
Tomy (1983) version
Gameplay
Players set the opposing game mats on opposite ends of a flat surface. Players place their tower over the treasure graphic in the center of the mat, and build a wall around their tower using their twelve wall pieces. A flag is placed on top of the tower, and also on the far left and right sides of the field of play, outlining what will be considered "castle grounds". The play area should be 6 feet long and 5 feet wide, with 1 foot at each end used for the castle grounds.
Players take turns using either the crossbow or catapult to attack the opposing player's castle. The weapons shoot the disc-like "caroms". Crossbows slide the caroms across the gameplay surface, whilst catapults fling the caroms in a wide arc. Players must choose which weapon to use to attack.
Landing the caroms in different places of the playing field leads to differing results. Landing on the moat or castle grounds gets the carom captured and removed from play. Landing on the tower island turns the carom into a "spy", and it gets replaced with a corresponding figure. Landing in the battlefield allows the player to fire from that point, improving their chances of doing some damage to the opponents tower. Hitting an opponent's carom captures it. Landing "out of bounds" (outside of the play area marked by the flags) allows the projectile to be recovered by the player.
There is also a "king" carom for each team. King caroms allow players to capture more opponents, and can only themselves be captured by a king carom.
There are four different ways to win: 1) Knock over the enemy tower; 2) Capture all of your opponents projectiles; 3) Get four spies into the enemy courtyard; 4) Knock the enemy tower over/out of the way, and land a projectile (spy) on the secret treasure beneath it.
Players are also encouraged to pick one or more winning goals, or use their imagination to create their own set of rules.
Battlegrounds (2007) version
Measure out a width of 39 inches and length of 59 inches on the floor/table. This will be the play area. Measure out twelve inches from each side of the area. This area will be the players' camps.
Players then set up their camp. The only rule regarding piece placement is that no Hero or Warrior may be obstructed from your opponent's view by a weapon or building (does not include brick walls).
Play begins with the Orcs attacking first. Each player has only two actions per turn. One action consists of either moving a warrior, hero or weapon or firing a weapon. Once a weapon is fired, it may not be fired again in the same turn.
Piece movement: Movement distance for pieces is easy to remember. Warriors and weapons can move only six inches per action. Heroes can move 12 inches.
Weapon rules: Before a player can fire a weapon, they must determine if the weapon is capable of being fired. A hero or warrior must be within two inches of a weapon to fire it. They can not be behind the weapon.
Qualification for piece removal after each turn: If a piece is lying on its side, the piece is removed. If a piece is bumped, it is left alone. If a Hero is killed before all the warriors are eliminated, the hero is put back into place; the player who owned the hit hero will lose an action on their next turn.
The game is over when all a player's warriors and then the hero have been killed.
External links
Games of physical skill
1980s toys
1980s fads and trends
Food Jammers is a cooking show featuring Micah Donovan, Chris Martin, and Nobu Adilman; three backyard mechanics who make homebrew cooking equipment using junkyard parts, found objects, and locally sourced ingredients. Cooking is essentially an excuse for them to build things.
Inspired by an interest in music and vernacular culture, Food Jammers features a wide range of bands from the likes of Comets on Fire, Snooky Pryor, Stereolab, and Joel Plaskett.
The trio is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and they often shop at local Toronto markets (like Kensington Market and St. Lawrence Market), scrapyards, and the curb-side to find things for their cooking.
Three seasons of thirteen episodes have been filmed, plus a one-hour special.
In the United States, it airs on Cooking Channel and Halogen TV. It had also aired in Asia through the Asian Food Channel.
The series was produced by Peace Point Entertainment Group and developed and supervised by Peace Point Vice President, Vallery Hyduk
External links
Food Network Canada - Show Page
Food Network (Canadian TV channel) original programming
2000s Canadian cooking television series
2010s Canadian cooking television series
2006 Canadian television series debuts
2010 Canadian television series endings
The Justice Court Building is a historic court and municipal building located in Glen Cove in Nassau County, New York. Built for the city between 1907 and 1909, it was designed by the architect Stephen Francis Voorhees (1878–1965). The 3-story, rectangular red brick building has a steeply pitched roof covered with green clay tile. A -story rear addition was built in 1923, used for some time as a jail. It is decorated with ceramic-glazed moldings and molded terra cotta decoration and exhibits features of the Dutch Colonial Revival or Collegiate Gothic style. It features a square bell tower. The former rectory contains the museum and is a 2-story rectangular building in the Tudor Revival style.
The building on Glen Street was used for the court, city hall and later as police headquarters. In the early decades, the Women's Exchange was located just to the west of the building; the group raised money to provide social services.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It has been acquired by the North Shore Historical Museum, which plans to renovate the building for use as a museum.
References
External links
North Shore Historical Museum, official website
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Dutch Colonial Revival architecture in the United States
Government buildings completed in 1907
Buildings and structures in Nassau County, New York
Glen Cove, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the New Zealand Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match. New Zealand have taken part in the competition since 1924. Before that, New Zealander was represented by the Australasia Davis Cup team. Only one New Zealander competed for Australasia (Tony Wilding), though another Australasian representative, Australia's Alfred Dunlop, was New Zealand-born.
Players
References
Lists of Davis Cup tennis players
Davis Cup
Vasant Narkar is an Indian film and documentary director and writer. His work as a filmmaker includes the films The Lady Dabang, Odhani and Dikro Maro Vahal No Varasdaar.
Early life and education
Narkar was born in Ahmedabad, Gujarat to a family from Maharashtra. As he grew up in Gujarat, his schooling was in Gujarati. Narkar was interested in becoming an actor when he was in 7th standard at school and enrolled in a college where there was a drama club.
Career
Narkar has been in the Gujarati film industry for thirty years as an actor, writer, director and producer. In 2014 Narkar's movie The Lady Dabang was centred around its female lead, played by Gujarati actress Hemangini Kaj. In July 2015 the action comedy movie was directed by Narkar and produced by Shailesh Shah. In 2016 Narkar directed 3 November, his first film in Hindi.
Filmography
Feature films
Television
Stage
References
External links
Living people
20th-century Indian film directors
Artists from Ahmedabad
Hindi-language film directors
Gujarati-language film directors
Film directors from Gujarat
Year of birth missing (living people)
Awaruite is a naturally occurring alloy of nickel and iron with a composition from Ni2Fe to Ni3Fe.
Awaruite occurs in river placer deposits derived from serpentinized peridotites and ophiolites. It also occurs as a rare component of meteorites. It occurs in association with native gold and magnetite in placers; with copper, heazlewoodite, pentlandite, violarite, chromite, and
millerite in peridotites; with kamacite, allabogdanite, schreibersite and graphite in meteorites.
It was first described in 1885 for an occurrence along Gorge River, near Awarua Bay, South Island, New Zealand, its type locality.
Awaruite is also known as josephinite in an occurrence in Josephine County, Oregon where it is found as placer nuggets in stream channels and masses in serpentinized portions of the Josephine peridotite. Some nuggets contain andradite garnet.
An occurrence of awaruite is being developed commercially as an ore mineral in a large low grade deposit in central British Columbia, some 90 km northwest of Fort St. James. In the deposit awaruite occurs disseminated in the Mount Sidney Williams ultramafic/ophiolite complex.
References
Native element minerals
Cubic minerals
Minerals in space group 221
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe is the central bank of Zimbabwe and is headquartered in the capital city Harare.
History
The bank traces its history to the Reserve Bank of Rhodesia, founded on 22 May 1964, but which succeeded the Bank of Rhodesia and Nyasaland (1956-1963) which had been liquidated at the collapse of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in 1963. Prior to 1956, there was a Central African Currency Board from 1953, but which had been established as the Southern Rhodesia Currency Board in 1938 to provide Rhodesian currency, fully backed and bound to the British pound sterling at par face value. The local currency which Central African Currency Board was mandated to supply to Southern Rhodesia (colonial Zimbabwe), Northern Rhodesia (colonial Zambia) and Nyasaland (colonial Malawi) had been established through the Southern Rhodesia Coinage and Currency Act of 1932. The Reserve Bank of Rhodesia (which became the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe at independence in 1980) has continued to function, and has grown in operations and staff, through a variety of changes in sovereignty and governmental structure in Rhodesia and Zimbabwe.
Building location
For over 4 decades the RBZ operated from the Reserve Bank Building along Samora Machel Avenue (formerly Jameson Avenue) adjacent to First Street. In the late 1980s a competition was conducted to design the new building and the winning design was by Clinton & Evans and Architects, the engineer was Marjem Chatterton; they went on to design the Reserve Bank of Malawi Building as well. Construction of the new RBZ building began in 1993 and was fully completed in 1997 but was officially opened by President Robert Mugabe on May 31, 1996. The building is the tallest in Zimbabwe standing at a height of 394 feet (120 m) with 28 floors above ground.
Structure and governors
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Act provides for a board of directors and a governor. The governor, assisted by three deputy governors, is responsible for the day-to-day administration and operations of the bank. The current governor is John Panonetsa Mangudya. The governor and his three deputies are appointed by the president for five-year terms that may be renewed. The governor also serves as chairman of the board. The board's membership includes the three deputies and a maximum of seven other non-executive directors, intended to represent key sectors of the economy.
Governors of the Reserve Bank of Rhodesia
Anthony Grafftey-Smith, 1956-1960
B. C. J. Richards, 1960-1964
Noel H. Bruce, 1964-1976
Desmond Krogh, 1976-1980
Governors of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe
The Governor is appointed by the President of Zimbabwe for renewable five-year-terms.
Desmond Krogh, 1980 - 1983, transitional governor from Reserve Bank of Rhodesia
Kombo James Moyana, 1983 - 1993, deputy in 1981
Leonard Tsumba, 1993 - June 2003
Charles Chikaura, June 2003 - December 2003, acting
Gideon Gono, 2003-2013
Charity Dhliwayo, 2013-2014, acting
John Mangudya, 2014-
Operations
The Reserve Bank's most important role is to create and enact monetary policies. According to the bank's website, as the only producer of Zimbabwe's banknotes and coins, it regulates the amount of money in circulation. However, since a range of foreign currencies is currently in use for domestic transactions, the bank's ability to control money supply is limited. The Reserve Bank also looks after the country's gold, as well as purchase and refine precious minerals like diamonds, gold and silver through its subsidiary Fidelity Printers and Refinery. The bank serves as an advisor to the government, providing the government with daily banking services. It is also active in promoting financial inclusion policy and is a member of the Alliance for Financial Inclusion.
Relevancy
Due to the unstable economic conditions and failure to control inflation (2008), economists have suggested that the Reserve Bank be abolished. Some economists have suggested that the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe be reformed. Legislation in 2008 was debated in the lower house of the Zimbabwean parliament with a view to limiting the so-called quasi-fiscal activities of the Reserve Bank.
See also
Banknotes of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe
Economy of Zimbabwe
Zimbabwe Mint
Payment system
Zimbabwean Bond Coins
Real-time gross settlement
Zimbabwean Bond Notes
RTGS Dollar
List of central banks of Africa
List of central banks
References
External links
Official site: Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe
Zimbabwe
Economy of Zimbabwe
Banks established in 1956
1956 establishments in the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland
Paige Decker (born March 20, 1993) is an American professional stock car racing driver from Eagle River, Wisconsin. She has raced in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series and Xfinity Series and was a 2014 NASCAR Drive for Diversity participant.
Racing career
Decker started her racing career in snowmobiles as a 3-year-old. When Natalie was 9 years old, Chuck bought her a kart and he bought one for Paige too.
Decker raced in asphalt short tracks in Wisconsin and gradually branched out to other tracks in the Midwestern United States. She toured in the Mid-American Stock Car Series in 2010 and 2011. Then she moved up to racing in Super Late Models. She joined the TUNDRA Super Late Model Tour in 2013. Decker became the first woman and rookie to win in the series at the Golden Sands Speedway event. Decker was awarded the tour's Rookie of the Year in 2013.
NASCAR
Decker was named as a NASCAR Drive for Diversity driver in 2014. She competed in Whelen All-American Series events for Rev Racing that year at the Hickory Motor Speedway, Langley Speedway, and Motor Mile Speedway. She had been attending the University of Wisconsin-Stout (pursuing a degree in early childhood education) for two years but had to quit to race in the Southern United States for the season. She returned to college in 2015 while continuing to race super late models. Decker received a call from Mike Harmon Racing at New Smyrna Speedway during the World Series of Stock Car Racing within the Daytona Speedweeks to see if she was interested to race in one of their trucks. She attempted her first ever NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race driving the No. 74 Chevrolet for owner/driver Mike Harmon, but was one of four teams that failed to qualify. She qualified 33rd fastest, about 1/10 second behind the 32nd final spot. The first practice for the race had rained out and she had one 90 minute practice to find speed. She has NASCAR certification to run short tracks in the Truck Series only; her goal is to race in the Xfinity Series. Decker planned another attempt at Iowa Speedway on June 19, 2015; this deal, however, did not come together. Decker qualified in the fall Martinsville race and finished 30th. Decker returned in 2016, with her sister Claire Decker, and her cousin Natalie Decker competing in the Martinsville race. Claire and Paige qualified for the race, while Natalie was sent home.
Personal life
Decker is the daughter of Allen Decker who comes from a family of snowmobile racing riders. Four Decker brothers raced snowmobiles in the 1970s; Allen Decker was a factory rider for Bombardier along with teammate Jacques Villeneuve for the 1979–80 season. The Decker family raced snowmobiles against the Danica Patrick family during the 1970s. Sue Decker, Paige's aunt, introduced Danica Patrick's parents.
Her sister Claire Decker also races for her family's Decker Racing team. They are joined on the team by their younger cousin NASCAR Drive for Diversity driver Natalie Decker. Natalie's father (and Paige's uncle) is Chuck Decker, the former owner of the Eagle River Derby Track which hosts the World Championship Snowmobile Derby.
Decker was a student at the University of Wisconsin–Stout and graduated in December 2016.
Images
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Xfinity Series
Camping World Truck Series
Season still in progress
Ineligible for series points
References
External links
Decker Racing Official website
University of Wisconsin–Stout alumni
1993 births
People from Eagle River, Wisconsin
Racing drivers from Wisconsin
Living people
American female racing drivers
NASCAR drivers
21st-century American women
ARCA Midwest Tour drivers
Arnside is a railway station on the Furness Line, which runs between and . The station, situated north-west of Lancaster, serves the village of Arnside in Cumbria. It is owned by Network Rail and managed by Northern Trains.
A short distance west of the station, the railway crosses the River Kent on an impressive 50-span viaduct that is some long. The historic structure underwent major repairs and refurbishment, including the complete replacement of the rail deck in 2011. Similar work was carried out on the nearby Leven Estuary viaduct in the spring of 2006.
History
Opened on 1 August 1858 by the Ulverstone and Lancaster Railway (a company backed by, and later taken over by the Furness Railway) (FR), the station became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
When Sectorisation was introduced in the 1980s, the station was served by Regional Railways until the privatisation of British Rail.
A short branch line to Sandside and Hincaster Junction on the West Coast Main Line once diverged from the main line here, which carried a to Kendal local service from its opening in 1876 until 1942. In July 1922, this FR service ran five times per day in each direction on weekdays. The branch was also used by mineral trains from County Durham to the Barrow-in-Furness area, allowing them to avoid having to reverse direction at the busy junction at Carnforth. Local freight traffic continued as far as Sandside until final closure of the line in 1972. The disused platform face and trackbed is still visible behind the southbound platform.
Facilities
Whilst one building remains at the station, it is not in railway use. Shelters are provided for passengers on both platforms, but the only link between them is via a footbridge with stairs (no step-free access). Digital information screens, customer help points, timetable posters and automated announcements provide train running details. As the station is unstaffed, tickets can only be bought from the ticket machine or on the train.
Services
It is served by stopping trains between and Barrow, with some continuing to Sellafield or Carlisle via the Cumbrian coastline in the northbound direction and by some through services southbound to and . There is one train per hour in each direction on weekdays, although the varying nature of the stopping patterns of each service means the timetable is irregular. On Sundays there is a train every hour each way (up from a two-hourly frequency since May 2018).
References
Sources
Station on navigable Ordnance Survey map
External links
Railway stations in Cumbria
Former Ulverston and Lancaster Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1858
Northern franchise railway stations
Arnside
"Never Say Never" is a song written, performed and produced by British electronic music duo Basement Jaxx. Featuring vocals from Elliot Marshall (credited under the stage name "ETML"), it was written by Simon Ratcliffe, Felix Buxton and Marshall. A soulful disco, house, R&B pop song, it was compared to the works of artists including Calvin Harris, SBTRKT, Womack & Womack and Gavin DeGraw, and labels such as Ministry of Sound and West End Records. The song was well received by critics, with praise going towards the group's roots that never made the sound too dated.
"Never Say Never" was released on 27 June 2014, as a single off their 2014 album Junto. Remixes by Tiësto, MOTi, Gotsome Bring It Back, Wayward and Mark Knight have also come out, as well as an extended mix of the original song. In the group's home country, it reached number 18 on the UK Indie Chart. Elsewhere it became a number-one hit on the American Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart, and the duo's fourth song to top that chart. It also appeared on record charts in Australia, Belgium and Japan. The official accompanying music video, written and directed by Saman Kesh, premiered on 21 July 2014, and follows Japanese scientists trying to make a twerking robot.
Production and composition
"Never Say Never" was written by Simon Ratcliffe, Felix Buxton and Elliot Marshall. It was produced by the former two, with Baunz handling co-production. In addition to the lead vocals from Marshall (who is credited under "ETML"), the track also features backing vocals from Yzabel, as well as kids chorus vocals from Amara Charles, Kiarah and Shamouy Mills-Foster. It is a soulful mid-tempo disco house R&B pop song. Introduced with "deceptively cinematic strings" and a "vintage, slightly dusty" piano, "dub-leaning" bass and drums are also present in the arrangement. Many critics noted it to be more relaxed and less cartoonishness than many of Basement Jaxx's other songs.
Benjamin Aspray, a writer for PopMatters, compared it to records released by Ministry of Sound and West End Records. Adam Workman, in his review for the Abu Dhabi newspaper The National, noted it to be in the style of Calvin Harris, while Sean Thomas of Drowned in Sound and entertainment.ie's Rory Cashin described it as a SBTRKTy track. The 405 author Lyle Bignon said the song "take[s] us back to a warehouse somewhere in Brixton circa 1998, rushing hard and loving the vibe along with another five hundred party heads." Jon O'Brien of Mimo said the melody might've been taken from the song "Teardrops" by Womack & Womack, while FDRMX Taylor Lindsay noted it to have a chord structure similar to songs by Gavin DeGraw.
Release and remixes
The original mix of "Never Say Never" was initially released worldwide on 27 June 2014, and was sent to dance/EDM stations on 1 July. It is a single off their sixth studio album Junto where it is listed as the fourth track. Special editions of the album have also come with an extended mix of the song. Tiësto's remix he did with MOTi was issued on 22 July. The original track came out with the Gotsome Bring It Back and Wayward remixes in digital stores on 15 August. On 2 September, Mart Knight's remix of the song was released.
On the UK Indie Chart, "Never Say Never" peaked at number 18. It reached number seven and 14 on the Belgian Ultratip chart, and also 24 and 20 on the dance chart, in Flanders and Wallonia respectively. In the United States, it became a topper of the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart. It was their fourth in their entire career and also their first in 14 years since "Bingo Bango" was number one in July 2000. It was also in the top 20 of the Dance/Electronic Songs chart, where it peaked at number 18. In Japan, it had a peak of number 68 on the Japan Hot 100, and was also number ten on the Overseas chart. The single packaged with Mark Knight, Got Some, Wayward and instrumental mixes of the song reached number 15 on the Australian ARIA club chart.
Critical reception
"Never Say Never" earned positive reviews from critics. Angus Fitz-Bugden, in a Renowned for Sound article reviewing the single, gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five, praising the "vulnerable sensuality" of ETML's vocal performance and writing that Basement Jaxx "have managed to stay true to the sound that earned them their place with fans worldwide but without sounding dated." James West of DIY called it an "undeniably an instantly-rousing summer smash in waiting, even if vocal sensation [ETML] makes blatant advances towards that already-fiercely-competitive boyish soul futurist throne (watch out Sam Smith, John Newman et al)." In an Allmusic review, Heather Phares honored it as a "AMG pick track", opining the duo's roots present "never feels too self-conscious". Taylor Lindsay of FDRMX called it a standout of Junto, opining that "not ecstatic, but where it doesn't thrill, it innovates." He also gave liking to the pop elements, saying that they don't "go beyond flirting with it." Stereogum's Tom Breihan wrote that the song proved "their fundamentals are still strong". On 7 July 2014, Digital Spy staff members Lewis Corner and Amy Davidson named "Never Say Never" one of the "10 tracks you need to hear", writing that "Waves of signature Basement Jaxx beats washing over distinctive dance hooks affirm that time lapse aside, the British pair are still reigning over their genre."
Writing for musicOMH, Larry Day described it as "big, stadium-y and has a lovely R&B vocal line." Spin writer Colin Stutz highlighted the hook of the song that was "ripe for raving", and described it as "just plain blissful." He also praised the group's maturity present in the song. Chris Coplan of Consequence of Sound assumed that "One could easily enjoy this ditty with a nice afternoon mocaccino and some crackers", while NME's called it "proof that hooky house doesn't have to be totally cheesy". On the more mixed side, Nate Patrin of Pitchfork Media called the titular chorus of "Never Say Never" "relatively lacking in that giddy sense of control loss." John Daniel Bull, in his review for The Line of Best Fit, explained the song "combine bolshie beats with '90s house keys, and could quite easily soundtrack a Brit's week in Ibiza or Ayia Napa, but so could a prime example of something Example churned out in an evening".
Music video
The official accompanying music video for "Never Say Never" was written and directed by Saman Kesh, and premiered on 21 July 2014. In the video, Japanese scientists make a "TW3RK-BOT 1.0", the name of a new type of robot that can twerk. It opens with the text, spoken by Japanese narrators: "Without dance there is no love. Without love there is no passion. Without passion there are no humans. 72% have stopped partaking in the art of dancing. And in 15 years, 98% of us will cease to dance." According to Kesh, he wanted the video to have a documentary feel while also being exciting and energetic. In order to have this vibe, however, the video was not supposed to have too much of a happy feel either, and in the editing stages it was tough deciding how much "bubblegum" style the video should have.
Michelle Thompson was a wardrobe stylist for the video. Because the video was planned to take place in Japan, even though it wasn't really filmed there, the creators searched for images online on Japanese and Chinese hazmat suits to order. Then, she was asked by Kesh to modify the outfits to make them "fit sexy" for the women scientists.
The machine spoofs numerous futuristic Japanese robots, including Nobuhiro Takahashi's SHIRI and Mirikan humanoid robots made by Hiroshi Ishiguro. Mary-Ann Russon of the International Business Times said of the video: "While we're not sure how a twerking robot will help to get more people to dance, it's an interesting concept and a sign of the trend of inventing robots today."
Two versions of the video exist. In the one released by Kesh on Vimeo, there is a line where a woman says "Now, we can fuck." However, in the one put on Basement Jaxx's VEVO, this was changed to "Now, we can have sex", due to an agreement with the group's label.
Credits
Video and robot production
Saman Kesh ― writing, direction, co-production, editing, read-out motion & "add to cart" graphic
Shelly Townsend, Matt Factor ― executive production
Courtney Davies ― line production
Carrie Schreck — pick-up production
Royce Isaacson — pick-up assistant production
John Moule ― commission
Jesse Sternbaum — assistant direction
Guillermo Garza ― cinematography
Michelle Thompson — wardrobe styling
David McCabe — gaffer
Andrew Simone — branch and bond electric
David Connan — grip
Jake Smith — key grip
Jonathan Dec — first alternating current
Jordan Gaylor — second alternating current
Andres Cuevas — pick-up alternating current
Tim Nash — branch and bound grip
Paolo Arriola — data management
Mindy Iller — wardrobe seam sewing
Mandy Brown — editing
Greg Lang — production design
Coran Deloy Oberlin — art direction
Derek Hansen — coloring
Mike Kelley — visual effects, read-out motion
Justin Hantz — visual effects consulting, read-out motion
Cosimo Galluzzi — graphics and read-out designs
Brent Kiser — sound design
Ed Hobbs — prologue music
Cast
Toshiji Takeshima as Mr. Nakamatsu
Kazuho Yamazaki as Mrs. Nakamatsu
Nicole Steen as twerker
TJ Yoshizaki, Swee Khor, Muneki Nakamoto, Charles Han and Joe Chua as scientists
Ben Barrett as truck packer
Personnel
Credits are adapted from liner notes of Junto.
Basement Jaxx – songwriting, production
Songwriting, vocals – ETML
Co-production – Baunz
Mixing – Alex Evans, Duncan F. Brown
Background vocals – Yzabel
Kids chorus vocals – Amara Charles, Kiarah and Shamouy Mills-Foster
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2014 singles
2014 songs
PIAS Recordings singles
Basement Jaxx songs
Songs written by Felix Buxton
Songs written by Simon Ratcliffe (musician)
Jean de Gaulle (born 13 June 1953) is a French politician.
He is the son of Philippe de Gaulle and Henriette de Montalembert, and grandson of Charles de Gaulle. He was the Mayor of Thenezay from 24 March 1989 to 18 June 1995. He was prosecuted for concealing embezzlement and concealment of misappropriation of public funds.
He was a deputy of the National Assembly for the Deux-Sèvres department until his retirement at the 2007 elections.
References
Politicians from Bourg-en-Bresse
1953 births
Living people
Jean de Gaulle
Union for a Popular Movement politicians
Saint-Jean de Passy alumni
Deputies of the 12th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Members of Parliament for Paris
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kalyan is an Eastern Catholic eparchy in India within the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, based in Kalyan, India. The eparchy was established to cater the spiritual needs of the Syro Malabar Christians based in the Indian State of Maharashtra including the metropolitan cities of Mumbai, Pune and Nasik. Its first bishop was Mar Paul Chittilapilly. The current bishop is Mar Thomas Elavanal. The Eparchy celebrated its silver jubilee in the year 2013.
Historic Developments which led to the Establishment of the Eparchy
Migration of the Syro-Malabar Catholics to Mumbai and other major cities of Maharashtra like Pune, Nasik, etc. and other parts of our country, started in nineteen fifties and sixties after Indian Independence, seeking employment and better prospects of life. Hundreds of thousands of Christians of the Syro-Malabar Church who thus migrated were in a totally alien atmosphere with regard to their religious and spiritual life. They depended on the local Latin Church for their spiritual needs in the absence of Syro-Malabar jurisdiction. The priests of the Latin Dioceses were taking care of their spiritual needs. Yet they preferred to preserve their ecclesial traditions and heritage intact and to transmit them to their children. A formation in keeping with the spiritual, liturgical and ecclesial traditions of the Mother Church was obviously lacking. In order to preserve their faith and cultural heritage intact, the Syro-Malabar Catholics organized several spiritual exercises like the Lenten retreats and confessions, prayer meetings, Holy Mass Celebrations, etc.
In the light of the teachings of the II Vatican council, the problems related to the migration as well as the theology and ecclesiology of individual Churches were taken for discussions in CBCI meetings especially by Mar Joseph Powathil. Articles and memorandum prepared and published by Fr. Placid Podippara, Msgr. Mathew Vellanickal, Fr. Xavier Koodapuzha have caused warmth for discussions. In fact an all India seminar "The Church in India Today" paved the way to seriously discuss on this matter. The conclusions, suggestions, recommendations of the seminar were adopted by the CBCI and Committee for Rites was formed to deepen the matter. It was Pope John Paul I, who appointed an Apostolic Visitor, Mar Antony Padiyara, on 8 September 1978 to study the situation of the migrant Syro-Malabar Catholics. Fr. Xavier Koodapuzha was the secretary of the Apostolic Visitor. On 3 February 1979 to study the life situation and problems of Syro-Malabar Catholics Mar Antony Padiyara reached Mumbai and Kerala Catholic Association gave him all the necessary helps to study the situations especially the problems of Nurses. Eighteen meetings were held in different parts of Mumbai from 4 February 1979 to 18 February 1979.
A report was submitted in 1980. The matter was discussed in the CBCI from 1982 to 1985. At last, in the Synod held at Rome in 1985, the Bishops from the Oriental Churches spoke strongly on the rights of the Oriental Churches in India. On 1 February 1986 when Pope John Paul II addressed the Bishops of India in Delhi, he assured them of an earlier settlement of the problem and elicited the co-operation of all concerned. This was followed by the appointment of a high level Pontifical Commission. On the basis of this Commission's report, came the all-important letter of Pope John Paul II to the Bishops of India on 28 May 1987. On 30 April 1988, Pope John Paul II established the Eparchy of Kalyan comprising the areas of Bombay, Pune and Nasik. On 4 May 1988, the Apostolic Pre-Nuncio served the letter concerning the erection of the New Eparchy of Kalyan. This also involved the appointment of its very first bishop Mar Paul Chittilapilly. On 24 August 1988, the Eparchy of Kalyan was inaugurated. Along with this, there also took place the consecration of its first Bishop Mar Paul Chittilapilly. On 29 June 1991, the first curia of the Eparchy was set up which involved the Vicar General, the Chancellor and the Finance Officer. In August 1991, the Bishop's House was inaugurated at Powai. On 8 February 1997, Mar Thomas Elavanal was consecrated and enthroned as the new Bishop of the Eparchy of Kalyan. For facilitating the formation of seminarians aspiring to become priests in the eparchy of Kalyan, the Eparchial Minor Seminary was blessed and inaugurated by Mar Thomas Elavanal at Panvel on 1 July 2006. On 20 November 2011, the Cathedral church of the Eparchy (St Thomas Cathedral Church) was consecrated and blessed in Kalyan West. On 2 October 2012, the Animation and Renewal Centre (ARC) was blessed in Panvel. In November 2013, the Eparchy of Kalyan celebrated its silver jubilee year.
Parishes under the Eparchy of Kalyan
There are, at present, 101 parishes under the Eparchy of Kalyan. The Cathedral Church of the Eparchy is in Kalyan West (St Thomas Cathedral Church). There are 14 foranes in the Eparchy of Kalyan: Andheri, Antop Hill, Borivli, Kalina, Kalyan, Malad, Nasik, Navi Mumbai, Panvel, Powai, Pune, South-Mumbai, Thane and Vasai.
Bishops of the Eparchy of the Kalyan
Mar Paul Chittilapilly (1988-1997)
Mar Thomas Elavanal (1997-Present)
Saints connected with the Eparchy
St. Bartholomew the Apostle is considered to have done missionary activity in the Kalyan region.
References
External links
Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Kalyan
Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Kalyan at Catholic-Hierarchy
Syro-Malabar Catholic dioceses
Christianity in Maharashtra
Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Kalyan
Ed Greenwood (born July 21, 1959) is a Canadian fantasy writer and the original creator of the Forgotten Realms game world. He began writing articles about the Forgotten Realms for Dragon magazine beginning in 1979, and subsequently sold the rights to the setting to TSR, the creators of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game, in 1986. He has written many Forgotten Realms novels, as well as numerous articles and D&D game supplement books.
Early life and the Forgotten Realms
Greenwood grew up in the upscale Toronto suburb of Don Mills. He began writing stories about the Forgotten Realms as a child, starting in the mid 1960s; they were his "dream space for swords and sorcery stories". Greenwood conceived of the Forgotten Realms as one world in a "multiverse" of parallel worlds which includes the Earth. He imagined such worlds as being the source of humanity's myths and legends.
Greenwood discovered the Dungeons & Dragons game in 1975 and soon became a regular player. He used the Realms as a setting for his campaigns, which centered around the fictional locales of Waterdeep and Shadowdale, locations that would figure prominently in his later writing. According to Greenwood, his players' thirst for detail pushed him to further develop the Forgotten Realms setting: "They want[ed] it to seem real, and work on 'honest jobs' and personal activities, until the whole thing [grew] into far more than a casual campaign."
Beginning with the periodical's 30th issue in 1979, Greenwood published a series of articles set in the Realms in The Dragon magazine, the first of which was about a monster known as The Curst. Greenwood's articles in The Dragon often featured the wizard Elminster describing magic items, monsters, and spells.
Partnership with TSR
In 1986, the American game publishing company TSR began looking for a new campaign setting for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons game, and assigned Jeff Grubb to find out more about the setting used by Greenwood in his articles for Dragon magazine. According to Greenwood, Grubb asked him "Do you just make this stuff up as you go, or do you really have a huge campaign world?"; he answered "yes" to both questions. TSR felt that the Forgotten Realms would be a more open-ended setting than the epic Dragonlance setting, and chose the Realms as a ready-made campaign for AD&D 2nd Edition.
Greenwood agreed to work on the project, and began to prepare his Forgotten Realms material for official publication. He sent TSR a few dozen cardboard boxes stuffed with pencil notes and maps, and sold all his rights to the Realms to TSR for a token fee—just $5,000 and a promise to publish Greenwood's novels. The following year, Greenwood and coauthor Jeff Grubb wrote and published the Forgotten Realms Campaign Set (1987).
The campaign setting was a major success, and Greenwood continued to be involved with the evolution of the Forgotten Realms over the next decades. He went on to write numerous Forgotten Realms novels. Many of these center around the wizard Elminster, whom Greenwood has frequently portrayed at conventions and gaming events.
When TSR was in dire financial difficulties in 1996–1997, Greenwood offered to write some material for them for free to help get them back on their feet. Nothing came of the offer, but after Wizards of the Coast purchased TSR in 1997 and stabilized its finances, CEO Peter Adkison personally called Greenwood at the library he was working at to encourage him to continue writing Realms material. Greenwood responded he was happy to continue writing for the Realms for as long as he could.
Greenwood feels his work on the Realms that he likes best are "those products that impart some of the richness and color of the Realms, such as the novel I wrote with Jeff Grubb, Cormyr; the Volo's Guides; Seven Sisters; The Code of the Harpers; City of Splendors; and stuff that lots of gamers have found useful, such as Drow of the Underdark and Ruins of Undermountain."
Greenwood has also been contributing editor and creative editor of Dragon magazine.
Personal life and other activities
Greenwood has published over two hundred articles in Dragon Magazine and Polyhedron Newszine, is a lifetime charter member of the Role Playing Game Association (RPGA) network, and has been Gen Con Game Fair guest of honor many times. Greenwood has written over thirty-five novels for TSR, and written, co-written, or contributed to over two hundred books and game products from other publishers. Greenwood has also contributed to The Book of All Flesh (2001), an anthology based on All Flesh Must Be Eaten, and written short stories based on the Silver Age Sentinels role-playing game. Greenwood's Castlemourn setting was published by Margaret Weis Productions. He is co-creator (with fantasy novelist Lynn Abbey) of the Mornmist fantasy setting.
He has also contributed to most Forgotten Realms gaming accessories, and authored many more—including the detailed Volo's Guide series—and continues to DM his own campaign. He writes regular Realmslore columns for the Wizards of the Coast website.
In addition to all these activities, Greenwood works as a library clerk (and sometimes as a librarian) and has edited over a dozen small press magazines. When not appearing at conventions, he lives in an old farmhouse in the countryside of Ontario.
As of 1998, Greenwood lived in applegrowing country on Lake Ontario, still working full-time at the North York Community Library, as he had since 1974, and continued to run his original Waterdeep campaign with the same core group he started with, albeit meeting only sporadically.
Awards and honors
Greenwood won "best player" at the 1984 Gen Con AD&D Open tournament and several Gamer's Choice Awards and Origins Awards for his game design. He was inducted into the Gamer's Choice Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Academy of Adventure Gaming's Hall of Fame in 2003. Order of Cramahe 2017. He received the Port Hope Civic Awards Arts & Culture Award 2019.
Bibliography
Shandril's Saga
Spellfire (1987);
Crown of Fire (1994);
Hand of Fire (2002)
The Elminster Series
Elminster – The Making of a Mage (1994);
Elminster in Myth Drannor (1997);
The Temptation of Elminster (1998);
Elminster in Hell (2001);
Elminster's Daughter (2004);
Spellstorm (2015)
The Shadow of the Avatar Trilogy
Shadows of Doom (Greenwood novel)|Shadows of Doom (1995);
Cloak of Shadows (1995);
All Shadows Fled (1995)
The Cormyr Saga
Cormyr: A Novel (1996);
Death of the Dragon (2000)
The Harpers
Crown of Fire (1994);
Stormlight (novel)|Starlight (1996)
Double Diamond Triangle Saga
The Mercenaries (novel)|The Mercenaries (1998);
The Diamond (novel)|The Diamond (1998)
Sembia
"The Burning Chalice" - The Halls of Stormweather: A Novel In Seven Parts (2000)
The Knights of Myth Drannor Trilogy
Swords of Eveningstar (2006);
Swords of Dragonfire (August 2007);
The Sword Never Sleeps (November 2008);
The Sage of Shadowdale series
Elminster Must Die (August 2010)
Bury Elminster Deep (August 2011)
Elminster Enraged (August 2012)
The Sundering
The Herald (2013)
Other titles
Silverfall: Stories of the Seven Sisters (1999)
Death Masks (Forgotten Realms novel)|Death Masks (2016)
Anthology novellas
"One Comes Unheralded, to Zirta" - originally written in 1967, published in Best of the Realms 2 (2005);
"Elminster at the Mage Fair" - Realms of Valor (1993);
"So High A Price" - Realms of Infamy (1994);
"The Eye of the Dragon" - Realms of Magic (1995);
"A Slow Day In Skullport" - Realms of the Underdark (1996);
"The Whispering Crown" - Realms of the Arcane (1997);
"The Place Where Guards Snore at their Posts" - Realms of the Deep (2000);
"When Shadows Come Seeking A Throne" - Realms of Shadow (2002)
"Lord of the Darkways" - Untold Adventures (2011)
Non-Forgotten Realms novels
Band of Four Series
The Kingless Land (Tor Books 2000)
The Vacant Throne (Tor Books 2001)
A Dragon's Ascension (Tor Books 2002)
The Dragon's Doom (Tor Books 2003)
The Silent House: A Chronicle of Aglirta (Tor Books 2004)
Falconfar Series
Dark Lord (Ed Greenwood novel)|Dark Lord (Solaris Books 2007)
Arch Wizard (Solaris Books 2008)
Falconfar (Solaris Books 2010)
Novel of Niflheim Series
Dark Warrior Rising: A Novel of Niflheim (Tor Books 2007)
Dark Vengeance (Tor Books 2008)
Pathfinder Tales Series
The Wizard's Mask (Paizo Publishing 2013)
The Iron Assassin (Tor Books 2015)
Hellmaw Series
Hellmaw: Your World Is Doomed! (The Ed Greenwood Group 2016)
Hellmaw: Throckmorton's Trick (The Ed Greenwood Group 2017)
Hellmaw: My Talons In Her Throat (The Ed Greenwood Group 2017)
Stormtalons Series
Words Of Unbinding (The Ed Greenwood Group 2016)
Folklore: The Affliction Series
Folklore: The Affliction: The Whispering Skull (The Ed Greenwood Group 2017)
Come Octember (Haunted Castle Press 2018)
Other fiction anthology contributions
"The Sword of Dreams" - Tales From Tethedril (1998)
"The Witch of the Dawn" - Be Afraid! (2000)
"The Shadow of a Sword" - The Doom of Camelot (2000)
"One Last, Little Revenge" - The Book of All Flesh (2001)
"Writhe, Damn You" - Northern Horror (2002)
"No Stars to Steer By" - Oceans of Space (2002)
"All One Under the Stars" - The Bakka Anthology (2002)
"O Silent Knight of Cards" - Be Very Afraid! (2002)
"The Secret in the Cellar" - The Book of Final Flesh (2003)
"The Man In The Wall" - Path of the Just (2003)
"The Fallen Star" - Children of the Rune (2004)
"Stormsong" - Summoned by Destiny I: Realms of Wonder (2004)
"The Mad Mohj of Onteth" - The Dragons' Return (2005)
"Wrathclaw's Wyrmtide" - We Three Dragons (2005)
"Beowulf and the Wraith" - The Further Adventures of Beowulf: Champion of Middle Earth (2006)
"It Came From the Swamp" - Astounding Hero Tales (2006)
"Oroon Rising" - Wizards of the Coast (2006)
"King Harrowhelm" - Heroes in Training (2007)
"Secrets" - Dragons of Krynn (2007)
"Father Maims Best" - Catopolis (2008)
"What Dreams May Go" - Lilith Unbound (2008)
"How Fear Came To Ornath" - Worlds of Their Own (2008)
"A Perfect Night to Watch Detroit Burn" - Grants Pass (2009)
"Rescuing the Elf Princess Again" - Gamer Fantastic (2009)
"Edge of Moonglow" - Tesseracts Fifteen: A Case of Quite Curious Tales (2011)
"Biting a Dead Man's Hand" - First Contact: Digital Science Fiction Anthology 1 (2011)
"My Silent Slayer" - Heir Apparent: Digital Science Fiction Anthology 4 (2011)
"Daggers in her Garters" - Beauty Has Her Way (Dark Quest Books) (2011)
"Best Served Flash-Frozen" - Foreshadows: The Ghosts of Zero (2012)
"Midnight Knight" - The New Hero (2012)
"A Girl and Her Scaly Bits" - The Awakened (2013)
"Fae Blades for the Dread Duke" - By Faerie Light (2013)
"A Matter of Knives" - Pathfinder Tales (2013)
"Kheltae's Bright Scheme" - Tournament of Death (2014)
"The Sword of the Lord" - Arcane Synthesis (2014)
"Ghosts Galore" - Cadaver Bone (2014)
"The Dragon" - Gods, Memes, and Monsters (2015)
"The Magpie" - Gods, Memes, and Monsters (2015)
"The Haunting of the Lordly Lion" - The Bard's Tale: Stories and Recipes From The Black Dragon Inn (2015)
"Many Tentacles, Reaching" - The Awakened II (2016)
"My Doom May Come Soon" - Champions of Aetaltis (2016)
"Wolves Run By Night" - The Awakened Modern (2017)
"Under the Queen's Throne" - Art of War (2018)
"Three Aces for the Dancer" - Rocket Age Anthology 1: Tales of the Solar System (2018)
"Words to Die For" - Sisterhood of the Blade (2018)
Creatures from Fairy-Tale and Myth (2019)
Anthologies edited
When the Hero Comes Home (edited by Ed Greenwood and Gabrielle Harbowy) – Dragon Moon Press (2011)
When the Villain Comes Home (edited by Ed Greenwood and Gabrielle Harbowy) – Dragon Moon Press (2012)
Women In Practical Armor (edited by Ed Greenwood and Gabrielle Harbowy) – Evil Girlfriend Media (2017)
Role-playing games
1st edition Dungeons & Dragons Forgotten Realms Campaign Set (1987), a box set of material for running Dungeons & Dragons campaigns set in the Realms; since re-published various times for new editions.
City System (1988), an extensive collection of maps of the city of Waterdeep.
5th Edition Dungeons & Dragons The Border Kingdoms: A Forgotten Realms Campaign Supplement with Alex Kammer (Dungeon Masters Guild, June 2018)
Elminster's Candlekeep Companion with Anthony Joyce, Justice Arman, M.T. Black, Jeremy Forbing, Trevor Armstrong, Laura Hirsbrunner (Dungeon Masters Guild, April 2020)
Darkhold: Secrets of the Zhentarim with Justice Arman, M.T. Black, Anthony Joyce, Celeste Conowitch, Jeremy Forbing, Sadie Lowry, Noah Grand, Brittney Hay, Gabriel Hicks, Laura Hirsbrunner, Amber Litke, Jessica Marcrum, Kienna Shaw (Dungeon Masters Guild, August 2020)
Rashemen - Campaign Guide with Joe Raso, Andrew Bishkinskyi, Blaise Wigglesworth, Bryan Holmes, Emily Harmon, Florian Emmerich, Jean Lorber, Karl Resch, Lydia Van Hoy, Steve Fidler, V.J. Harris (Dungeon Masters Guild, September 2021)
Thay: Land Of The Red Wizards with Alex Kammer, Alan Patrick (Dungeon Masters Guild, February 2022)
Video games
J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, Vol. II: The Two Towers Eye of the Beholder III: Assault on Myth Drannor Pool of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor Haunted Halls of Eveningstar Mages of MystraliaCritical studies and reviews of Greenwood's workThe Iron Assassin
Media mentions
Ed Greenwood has appeared in the following podcasts, newspaper and magazine articles, websites, and podcasts.
Podcasts
Open Design No. 004: Dwarves of the Ironcrags. Ed provides the voice for the introduction to this show.
RPG Countdown: 29 July 2009 episode (Kobold Quarterly 010)
Dungeon Masters Block: Episode 69 & 70
Worldcasting: Episode 12 (by Worldbuilding Magazine)
Magazines
"To Believe the Magic Is Real: A Conversation with Ed Greenwood". Clarkesworld Magazine, December 2008.
Interview with Ed Greenwood, Cryptych'' Issue 1/IV, February 1994
Radio interviews
Sounds Like Canada: August 28, 2007 episode
References
External links
Biography of Ed Greenwood at Wizards.com
1959 births
Living people
20th-century Canadian novelists
21st-century Canadian novelists
Canadian fantasy writers
Canadian male novelists
Canadian science fiction writers
Dungeons & Dragons game designers
The rostral interstitial nucleus of medial longitudinal fasciculus (riMLF) is a portion of the medial longitudinal fasciculus which controls vertical gaze.
They project to the vestibular nuclei.
External links
https://uni-tuebingen.de/uni/knl/Vilis/originof.htm
http://anatomy.umc.edu/faculty/lynch.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20091021004541/http://isc.temple.edu/neuroanatomy/lab/atlas/papc/
Brainstem
Phyllostegia renovans is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name red-leaf phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010.
This species was discovered in 1989 and described to science in 1999. It is known from about 6 populations, but some of these populations contain only one plant each.
This subshrub has climbing stems that can reach 3 or 4 meters in length. The oval leaves are up to 20 centimeters long by 8.8 wide. The inflorescence is a raceme of white flowers each about 2 centimeters in length.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
renovans
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Plants described in 1999
The pound was the currency of Georgia until 1793. Initially, sterling coin circulated. This was supplemented from 1735 with local paper money denominated in £sd, with 1 pound = 20 shillings = 240 pence.
The State of Georgia issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars, at 1 dollar = 5 shillings. The continental currency was replaced by the U.S. dollar at the rate of 1000 continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar.
See also
History of Georgia (U.S. state)
Province of Georgia
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in the United States
Pre-statehood history of Georgia (U.S. state)
Economy of Georgia (U.S. state)
Shahpur is a census town in Betul district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Geography
There is a small town named Chopna located 18 KM from Shahpur. In Chopna region 36 Bangali villages. There is a Lord Hanuman temple near Aamdhana.
Demographics
India census, Shahpur had a population of 3997. Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%. Shahpur has an average literacy rate of 80%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 85%, and female literacy is 74%. In Shahpur, 11% of the population is under 6 years of age.
References
Cities and towns in Betul district
Turku Concert Hall (, ) is located on the north side of the Puutori market square in Turku, Finland. The hall was designed by architect Risto-Veikko Luukkonen and constructed in 1952. It was the first concert hall in Finland. The Turku Philharmonic Orchestra primarily performs at the concert hall but there are many top international venues that perform there as well.
There is one auditorium in the building and it was designed for concerts. Its audience capacity is 1,002. The acoustics are excellent. In addition to concerts, conferences, plays, fairs and other events take place in the hall.
External links
Meet Turku: Turku Concert Hall
Turku Philharmonic Orchestra & Turku Concert Hall
Music venues completed in 1952
Buildings and structures in Turku
Concert halls in Finland
Tourist attractions in Turku
The North Broad Street Historic District in Monroe, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included 56 contributing buildings.
It includes the Davis Edwards House, which is separately listed on the National Register.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Walton County, Georgia
Victorian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Qatar competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Athletics
Men's Track
Men's Field
Women's Field
See also
Qatar at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Qatari sport
"We're Going to Hang out the Washing on the Siegfried Line" is a popular song by Ulster songwriter Jimmy Kennedy, written whilst he was a Captain in the British Expeditionary Force during the early stages of the Second World War, with music by Michael Carr. It was first published in 1939.
Background and composition
The Siegfried Line was a chain of fortifications along Germany's Western border, analogous to the Maginot Line in France.
At the first big wartime variety concert organized by ENSA, which was broadcast by the BBC from RAF Hendon in North London on 17 October 1939, Adelaide Hall performed the song accompanied by Mantovani and his orchestra. A rare newsreel of this concert exists, and the footage is thought to be the earliest surviving film of a performer singing the song.
The song was used as a morale-booster during the war, particularly up to and during the Battle of France. It began:
Leslie Sarony (1897–1985) and Leslie Holmes added some possibly unofficial lines. The Sarony and Holmes version put "Mother dear, I'm writing you from somewhere in France" at the start and then, after the main section, added four lines starting "Everybody's mucking in and doing their job".
The song was recorded by many British musicians during the Second World War, including Arthur Askey, Flanagan and Allen, and Vera Lynn.
Parody
A mocking parody was written shortly after the Battle of France by a German songwriter, with translated lines that include:
References
External links
Jimmy Kennedy's obituary at the New York Times, April 1984
Three Youtube versions of the song (retrieved on Oct.12th, 2020): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BuetfQ3xQw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JJEN5lwbBw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mN8wZB8ae8
1939 songs
Songs with lyrics by Jimmy Kennedy
Flanagan and Allen songs
Songs of World War II
Songs about Germany
Songs with music by Michael Carr (composer)
General elections were held in Tonga on 27 May 1963.
Electoral system
The Legislative Assembly had seven directly-elected members; three representing Tongatapu and nearby islands, two representing Haʻapai and two representing Vavaʻu and nearby islands.. A further seven members were elected by the nobility based on the same constituencies, seven ministers (including the governors of Haʻapai and Vavaʻu) and a Speaker chosen by the monarch, Sālote Tupou III.
Results
References
1963 in Tonga
Tonga
Elections in Tonga
May 1963 events in Oceania
Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 507, in 138 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The European Championships is a multi-sport tournament which brings together the existing European Championships of some of the continent's leading sports every four years. The inaugural edition in 2018 was staged by the host cities of Berlin, Germany and Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom between 2 and 12 August. The second edition in 2022 took place in Munich, Germany. The various Europe-wide championships in the same disciplines that are held outside this quadrennial framework (annually in the cases of cycling, gymnastics, rowing and triathlon; biennially in the cases of athletics and aquatics) are unaffected by this event.
Overview
European Championships Management, co-founded by Paul Bristow and Marc Joerg, developed the event concept, and manages and implements the European Championships on behalf of the participating Federations.
The 2018 European Athletics Championships were held in Berlin, while Glasgow hosted the Aquatics, Cycling, Gymnastics, Rowing and Triathlon along with a new European Golf Team Championships.
The championships were being staged under one new brand with the 'Mark of a Champion', a star-like logo.
The European Broadcasting Union is a key partner in the event, broadcasting across Europe's free to air channels via its Eurovision Network, with an estimated audience of 1.03 billion. It is also being broadcast across radio and multiple digital platforms.
This competition is not related to the European Games organised by the European Olympic Committees.
First edition (2018)
The European governing bodies for athletics, aquatics, cycling, golf, gymnastics, rowing and triathlon, co-ordinated their individual continental championships as part of the first edition between 2 and 12 August 2018, hosted by the cities of Berlin (already chosen as the host for the 2018 European Athletics Championships) and Glasgow (already chosen as the host for the 2018 European Aquatics Championships, and which now also hosted the events of the other sports).
The initial participating continental governing bodies, and championships, are:
European Athletics organising the 2018 European Athletics Championships in Berlin, Germany
Ligue Européenne de Natation organising the 2018 European Aquatics Championships,
Union Européenne de Cyclisme organising the 2018 European Cycling Championships, bringing together the individual Track, Road, Mountain Biking and BMX championships of the continent,
FISA organising the 2018 European Rowing Championships,
European Triathlon Union organising the European Triathlon Championships, and
European Union of Gymnastics organising the 2018 European Artistic Gymnastics Championships, all in Glasgow, Scotland
European Tour and Ladies European Tour organising the inaugural European Golf Team Championships, in Gleneagles, Scotland.
The European Broadcasting Union (EBU), the umbrella body for the continent's free-to-air channels, was the broadcast partner for the combined championships, which were expected to generate more than 2700 hours of programming. Athletics alone, expects a 20% rise in television viewing figures compared to a traditional single-sport European Athletics Championships.
All of Europe's major free-to-air broadcasters will televise the European Championships in 2018. The European Broadcasting Union, which holds the broadcast rights on all platforms, has confirmed coverage across the top five markets, BBC in the United Kingdom, ARD/ZDF in Germany, France Televisions in France, RAI in Italy and TVE in Spain. Other EBU members already signed up include VRT (Belgium), HRT (Croatia), DR (Denmark), YLE (Finland), RTÉ (Ireland), NOS (Netherlands), NRK (Norway), TVP (Poland), SRG SSR (Switzerland) and SVT/TV4 (Sweden). The level of coverage is also enhanced by a deal with Eurosport. In total, over 40 EBU members have signed agreements as of April 2018. Discussions are ongoing with broadcasters in the remaining territories in Europe, plus other global territories like China, Japan and USA.
Glasgow 2018 has five Official Partners (People Make Glasgow, Scottish Government, Strathmore Water, Spar & Eurovision) and Berlin 2018 has six Official Partners (Spar, Le Gruyère, Nike, Toyo Tires, Generali & Eurovision) with another tier of Official Supporters across the two host cities. Overall over 56 companies have been signed up to support the inaugural event.
To be staged between 2 and 12 August 2018, around 1,500 athletes will compete at the European Athletics Championships in Berlin, whilst at the same time more than 3,000 will take part in the other championships in Glasgow. Each European Championship will be organised by their respective federation and host city.
On 1 August 2018, at the Opening Party in Glasgow, a new European Championship Trophy was unveiled, to be awarded to the nation achieving the most gold medals across all seven sports during the Championships. It was presented by Katherine Grainger, Emma Fredh and Angelina Melnikova on behalf of the seven European federations involved in the event.
Second edition (2022)
The second edition of the European Championships takes place in Munich, Germany, in the summer of 2022.
Bidding for 2022
The first step in the bidding process for 2022 was the distribution of the official Bid Information Document to interested parties, with a preliminary questionnaire to be submitted. The participating European Sports Federations were expected to announce the 2022 hosts after the first edition in August 2018.
Possible bids included (as host dates had to be 11–21 August to avoid conflicting with the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, England):
Athens in Greece - Subject to a joint bid with the local city Elefsina
Brussels, Antwerp, Hazewinkel in Belgium, and Eindhoven in The Netherlands, maybe gymnastics in Luxembourg to form a "Benelux" bid
Hamburg, Germany (Athletics in London, United Kingdom)
London, United Kingdom (to avoid two short-gap European athletics championships in Germany if other sports were hosted there)
Katowice, Poznan and Pruszków, Poland
Rome, Italy (rowing and track cycling in Lombardy region)
North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany (Athletics in London, United Kingdom)
Berlin, Germany (Athletics in London, United Kingdom)
Munich, Germany
Gothenburg and Malmö, Sweden (track cycling and rowing in Copenhagen, Denmark)
In November 2019, Munich was announced as the 2022 host.
Participants
The participating continental governing bodies, and championships, in the 2022 edition of the event, all in Munich, are:
European Athletics organising the 2022 European Athletics Championships,
UEC organising the 2022 European Cycling Championships, bringing together the individual Track, Road, Mountain Biking and BMX championships of the continent,
FISA organising the 2022 European Rowing Championships,
ETU organising the 2022 European Triathlon Championships, and
UEG organising the 2022 European Artistic Gymnastics Championships Scotland
CEV organising the 2022 European Beach Volleyball Championship, ◎
ICF organising the 2022 European Canoe Sprint Championships, incorporating the 2022 European Paracanoe Sprint Championships, the first para events to be included in the Championships,◎
IFSC organising the 2022 IFSC Climbing European Championships ◎, and
ETTU, organising the 2022 European Table Tennis Championships. ◎
◎ : inaugural appearance of the sport at the European Championships.
the European Tour golf organisation, which discontinued the European Team Golf Championships, and LEN/European Aquatics League, which are holding their 2022 European Aquatics Championships simultaneously but separately in Rome, do not return from 2018.
History
European Athletics, Ligue Européenne de Natation, Union Européenne de Cyclisme, FISA and the European Triathlon Union agreed in 2015 to organise their individual championships as part of the European Championships. The individual federations and the host cities will organise the individual championships with a co-ordinated timetable and a unifying common brand. The championships that will be included are the European Athletics Championships, the European Aquatics Championships, the European Road Championships, the European Track Championships, the European Rowing Championships, and the European Triathlon Championships as well as the European Gymnastics Championships and the new European Golf Team Championships. Both gymnastics and golf formally joined the new event on 23 October 2015.
In the lead up to the announcement of the programme for the second edition of the combined European Championships, both the European Tour and LEN announced that their respective sports would not be part of the event; the European Team Golf Championship was suspended after one edition, while the 2022 European Aquatics Championships was moved to Rome, Italy. On June 18, 2020, Munich 2022 announced the final sports programme of nine sports: Athletics, Cycling, Gymnastics, Rowing, Triathlon returned, while the four new sports of Beach Volleyball, Canoe Sprint, Sports Climbing and Table Tennis were added. The European Aquatics Championships will, however, be held over the same dates as the combined championships.
Host cities
European Championships Trophy
The European Championships Trophy, one of the unifying elements of the multi-sport event, is awarded to the nation that finishes top of the overall medal table featuring all participating sports.
Medal table
Medal Table after 2022 European Championship
Notes
Not included in the official medal table.
See also
European Championship
References
External links
European international sports competitions
Multi-sport events in Europe
Ballietsville is a small village located in North Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, eight miles north of Allentown and six miles west of Northampton. The estimated population is around 1,000 people. The village is served by the Parkland School District.
History
Ballietsvielle is the oldest village in North Whitehall Township. The town is named for Paulus Balliet, who owned the land the village now comprises.
References
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Vorkapić () is a surname distributed on the territory of Croatia and Serbia. The surname Vorkapić (including: Vorkapich, Vorkapic, Forkapic) in lower amount is present in 14 world countries on three continents.
Notable people with the surname include:
Slavko Vorkapić (1894–1976), film director and editor
Jasna Vorkapić-Furač (born 1942), a scientist
Vlatka Vorkapic (born 1969), movie director
Đurđica Vorkapić, designer and owner of the "Hippy Garden" fashion brand
Ljubomir Vorkapić (born 1967), football player
Serbian surnames
Croatian surnames
Man'gyŏngbong Sports Club (만경봉체육단) is a North Korean football club. The club plays in the DPR Korea League, the top-flight football league of North Korea. Man'gyŏngbong Stadium, which has a capacity for 2,000 people, is their home venue.
The club's football training facilities were upgraded in November 2013, including the installation of artificial turf meeting FIFA standards on the training pitch; when the work was completed, it was inspected by Kim Jong-un.
References
Football clubs in North Korea
Coconut production contributes to the national economy of Brazil. According to figures published in December 2009 by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, it is the world's fourth-largest producer of coconuts, producing 2,759,044 tonnes in 2009.
References
Brazil
Agriculture in Brazil
Steve Richmond (1941 − October 21, 2009) was an American poet from Southern California whose notoriety comes primarily from his association with the mid-career of poet Charles Bukowski in the 1960s. He is also associated with the "Meat School" of American poetry, known for a direct, tough and masculine style of writing. Other "Meat School" poets were Bukowski and William Wantling.
Bukowski helped mentor Richmond early in his career.
Early life
The son of a wealthy family with extensive holdings in rental properties in the beach communities of Southern California, Richmond attended U.C.L.A., where he was pledged to the Phi Lambda Phi fraternity. After graduating, he earned a juris doctor degree from U.C.L.A. Law School but failed to pass the bar. He wound up as a rent collector for the family's properties, many of which were located in Santa Monica.
Richmond would live in Santa Monica for most of his life, including 40 years in a beach cottage he first rented from his grandmother for $40 a month and then inherited. So close was his tie to the city, that one of his collections would be entitled Santa Monica Poems.
Meat Poet
Richmond began publishing poetry in 1964, when Wormwood Review accepted eight of his poems. Many of his books of poetry were self-published as he was a difficult and contentious person to deal with, as he was a serious user of narcotics. Addicted to heroin for 40 years, he finally kicked the habit three years before his death. One of his proposed prose books was about his relationship with Jim Morrison (Richmond's style influenced the poetry written by the frontman of The Doors), but the publisher backed out.
He developed a unique style based on the rhythms of gagaku (雅楽, literally "elegant music"), the Shinto-influenced classical music performed at the Japanese imperial court. Richmond heard gagaku music on records at U.C.L.A.'s Department of Ethnomusicology. In a 2009 interview with writer Ben Pleasants, Richmond claimed he had written an estimated 8,000-9,000 gagaku poems.
Richmond eventually inherited $2 million, which he lived on, eventually spending all the money after a dozen years in which he nursed his heroin addiction. He eventually wound up in Santa Monica's homeless shelter, which combined with a hospital stay, helped him kick his habit.
Published works
Earth Rose (1966), Earth Rose 1
Demon Notebook (1988) Water Row Books
Aphrodite Rising (1990), Guerilla Poetics Books
Hitler Painted Roses. Poems. 1963/1994. (1994), Earth Books and Sun Dog Press
Spinning Off Bukowski (1996), Sun Dog Press
Red Work, Black Widow (1974), Duck Down Press
References
Pleasants, Ben. Visceral Bukowski: Inside the Sniper Landscape of L.A. Writers (Northville, MI: Sundog Press, 2004)
External links
RIP Steve Richmond (with Ben Pleasants' interviews)
"American Rimbaud: An interview with Steve Richmond" by Ben Pleasants
American male poets
Poets from California
2009 deaths
Outlaw poets
Year of birth missing
Estonia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. Their top placement was earned by Elizabeth Egel who finished 5th in women's 200 m individual medley SM11.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Cycling
Road
Swimming
Men
Women
See also
Estonia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Estonian sport
Liwcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References
Liwcze
John Doran (born 16 May 1978) is a former professional tennis player from Ireland.
Doran played in 12 Davis Cup ties for Ireland between 1996 and 2004. He had an 8/6 record in singles and was 5/3 in doubles.
His best result on tour came at a Challenger tournament in 2002, at Gosford, Australia, where he and Andrew Painter were doubles runners-up.
He is a graduate from Harvard University.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Irish male tennis players
Harvard Crimson men's tennis players
Harvard University alumni
Francis Xavier Weninger (; 31 October 1805, Wildhaus (), Styria, Austria (now Slovenia) - 29 June 1888, Cincinnati, Ohio) was an Austrian Jesuit missionary and author.
Life
When already a priest and doctor of theology, he joined the Society of Jesus in 1832 and in 1841 was sent to Innsbruck, where he taught theology, history, and Hebrew. As the Revolution of 1848 impeded his further usefulness at home, he left Europe and went to the United States. During his forty years he visited almost every State of the Union, preaching in English, French, or German, as best suited the nationality of his hearers. In the year 1854 alone he delivered nearly a thousand sermons, and in 1864 he preached about forty-five missions.
Works
He published forty works in German, sixteen in English, eight in French, three in Latin. Among his principal works are:
English
Manual of the Catholic Religion (Ratisbon, 1858)
Easter in Heaven (1863)
Protestantism and Infidelity. An Appeal to Candid Americans (1861, 1864)
On the Apostolical and Infallible Authority of the Pope, When Teaching the Faithful, and on his Relation to a General Council (1868)
Photographic Views: or, Religious and Moral Truths Reflected in the Universe (1873)
Reply to Hon. R.W. Thompson, Secretary of the Navy, Addressed to the American People (1877)
Lives of the Saints, With a Practical Instruction on the Life of each Saint, for Every day in Year, v.2 (1877)
Original, Short and Practical Sermons for Every Sunday of the Ecclesiastical Year (1881)
German
Die apostolische Vollmacht des Papstes in Glaubens-Entscheidungen (1841)
Ostern im Himmel (1866)
Kleiner Kathechismus der Christlichen Lehre zum Gebrauch für Katholische Schulen (1866)
Die Unfehlbarkeit des Papstes als Lehrer der Kirche (1869)
Der monat Maria (1878)
Vollstandiges Handbuch der Christ-Katholischen Religion, fur Katecheten, Lehrer (unknown)
French
Catholicisme, Protestantisme et Infidélité : Appel aux Américains de Bonne Foi (1866)
References
Woodstock Letters, XVIII, 43-68;
Hugo von Hurter, Nomenclator, III, 1217 sqq.
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia article
1805 births
1888 deaths
University of Innsbruck faculty
19th-century Slovenian people
19th-century Austrian Jesuits
Austrian Roman Catholic missionaries
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to the United States
People from the Municipality of Selnica ob Dravi
Jesuit missionaries in the United States
19th-century Slovenian writers
19th-century Austrian male writers
19th-century American Roman Catholic priests
"Doctor's Orders" is a song written by Roger Cook, Roger Greenaway and Geoff Stephens which, in 1974, was a hit in the UK for Sunny of Sue and Sunny; in the US the song was a hit for Carol Douglas.
Sunny version
In 1969, Roger Greenaway along with Sue and Sunny were recruited by Tony Hiller for the group Brotherhood of Man; Greenaway and Roger Cook — who had been writing songs together since 1965 as well as recording as David and Jonathan — were both house writers for Hiller's production company.
By 1973, the Brotherhood of Man's original members had opted out of the group and although Sue and Sunny had generally recorded as a team Sunny recalls that at this time "Sue decided she wanted to spend some time having babies, so I was just left to get on with things by myself. Roger Cook knew that I was going solo and rang me up to say that he had a song for me. Anyway, I went round to see him, heard the song and thought it might do something."
Sunny cut the track in November 1973 with Roger Greenaway producing while Chris Gunning provided the arrangement and conducted.
Shopped to CBS for a January 1974 release, "Doctor's Orders" gained momentum through club play but met resistance from BBC Radio, unsavoury undertones being read into the storyline of a woman consulting a doctor over intimate concerns. "Doctor's Orders" finally broke into the UK Singles Chart dated 30 March 1974 at number 42, to rise to a peak of number 7 on 4 May that year. The single was also a hit in Ireland (number 4) and, in the summer of 1974, in South Africa (number 16).
Doctor's Orders was also the title of Sunny's album released in January 1974 which, besides "Doctor's Orders", featured the Cook/Greenaway/Stephens compositions "Couldn't I Change Your Mind" and "Never Say Never", plus "Oh My Joe" (Cook/Greenaway/Tony Macaulay), "A Warm and Tender Romance" (Greenaway/Macaulay) and "Somebody Warm Like Me" (Macaulay). The album also featured the Brotherhood of Man track "Maybe the Morning", plus Sunny's renditions of the Drifters' hit "Like Sister and Brother" (Cook/Stephens) and White Plains' hit "My Baby Loves Lovin'" (Cook/Greenaway). The other tracks were "It's Only When You're Feeling Lonely" (the B-side of "Doctor's Orders"), "Don't Come Back" (S. Leslie) and "Lean on Me".
"A Warm and Tender Romance" backed with "Don't Come Back" was released as a follow-up single to "Doctor's Orders" but failed to chart.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Carol Douglas version
Background
The American version of "Doctor's Orders" was recorded for Midland International who ran an ad in Showbiz magazine specifically to recruit a singer to cover Sunny's UK hit for the US market: the successful applicant, Carol Douglas, was a veteran performer who had remained an unknown recording artist.
Douglas recalled when she first auditioned she was told "I sounded great, but too black. [The track's] producers wanted to capture my more melodic pop/commercial tones which undeniably made me sound white on the radio." Although Douglas admitted to reservations about the song itself - (quote) "I really [would have] wanted a more soulful song" - she'd also recall "I felt the minute I heard the music that it was going to be something, and after hearing my voice on the track it was even more amazing...[It] did throw me off when they played me the [Sunny] version. So I had to approach [singing the song] in my own way."
Douglas' version, recorded at Groove Sound Studio in New York City, was produced by Meco Monardo but because of contractual complications the production credit was assigned to Midland International vice-president Ed O'Loughlin. One of the players on the session was guitarist Jerry Friedman who, according to Monardo, invented the "bubble guitar" effect of "playing on a single muffled note" which became a trademark of disco music, as did the "gallop" effect provided by Carlos Martin pounding the conga with his fists.
In late 1974, Midland International issued test pressings of Douglas' "Doctor's Orders" to New York City discos where the positive response led to the track's rush release that November, with 100,000 units being sold the first week — mostly in the New York City area — and sales of 200,000 reported by 30 November 1974, the date of the Billboard Hot 100 chart on which Douglas' single debuted at number 79 to appear on the Top 40 that December, on its way to a number 11 peak (number 9 US Billboard R&B chart) in February 1975.1 "Doctor's Orders" also reached number 2 on the disco chart which Billboard had recently launched. The eventual U.S. sales tally for "Doctor's Orders" was cited as 900,000 units — 300,000 in the New York City area.
Also in February 1975, Douglas' "Doctor's Orders" hit number 1 on Canada's RPM chart and number 4 in France. The UK success of the Sunny original did not preclude a January 1975 UK release of Douglas' version: although this was not a success. Nevertheless, "Doctor's Orders" afforded Douglas a top ten hit in Belgium (number 10 in Flanders), Italy (number 8), New Zealand (number 6) and Spain (number 2), with her version also charting in Australia (number 31) and Germany (number 37). In June 1975, Midland International reported that global sales of the Carol Douglas single "Doctor's Orders" totaled one million units. Bytes of the song were used by CBS during their NBA telecasts.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Other versions
Patsy Gallant had a Canadian single release concurrent with the Carol Douglas version of "Doctor's Orders": Gallant's version reached number 83 on the Canadian chart.
Giti Pashaei, Persian singer, covered the song with Persian lyrics called "Owje Parvaz" (meaning: Flying as high as possible) in 1975.
Québécois singer Anne Renée had an April 1975 single release of the French rendering "Le docteur m'a dit": Rene Angelil – then married to the singer – produced the disc and spoke the "Allo" heard in its intro.
Sheila recorded the French rendering :fr:C'est le cœur (Les ordres du docteur) in 1975: like the Carol Douglas version "C'est le coeur..." peaked at number 4 in France.
The song was rendered in Finnish by Lea Laven as "Viittiks Tulla Takas" on the 1975 album Lea.
Reggae singer Pluto Shervington covered "Doctor's Orders" on his 1975 release "Pluto", released by Wild Flower, a subsidiary of Federal Records, Jamaica.
Van McCoy recorded a version of the song which was featured on his 1975 album Disco Baby.
"Doctor's Orders" was a 1988 UK single release for Lisa Carter, reaching 78 in the UK.
Sabrina remade the song for her 1988 album Super Sabrina.
In September 2005 Girl Talk—comprising Barb Jungr, Claire Martin and Mari Wilson—recorded "Doctor's Orders" for their eponymous 2006 album release.
In 2008, Jane McDonald recorded "Doctor's Orders" for her Jane album from which it was issued as a single.
In popular culture
The song was featured in the "Where There's Smoke..." episode of Sex and the City, aired in 2000.
The song opens up the film Last Days of Disco
References
External links
1974 singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Songs written by Roger Cook (songwriter)
Songs written by Roger Greenaway
Songs written by Geoff Stephens
Sabrina Salerno songs
Disco songs
1974 songs
CBS Records singles
RCA Records singles
My Diary may refer to:
Books
My Diary, illustrated children's book by engraver Edmund Evans 1882
My Diary 1915-17, by Benito Mussolini (English translation 1925)
My Diary, by Edith Holden, alternative title for The Country Diary of an Edwardian Lady
My Diary, by Marvel Comics 1950s in comics
My Diary, by "Jenny", pseudonymous post-nuclear war fiction by Yorick Blumenfeld 1983
My Diary, humour book by Gyles Brandreth 1986
My Diary..., various volumes by Sir William Howard Russell
Fragments from my Diary, by Maksim Gorky 1940
Music
My Diary, album by Indonesian band Mocca (band) 2002
My Diary (album), compilation album by R. Kelly 2005
"My Diary", single by Carol Connors (singer) 1961
"My Diary", single by Rosa Lee Parks from Jimi Hendrix discography 1965
"My Diary", song by Jim Jones from Harlem: Diary of a Summer 2005
A gros was a type of silver coinage of France from the time of Saint Louis. There were gros tournois and gros parisis. The gros was sub-divided in half gros and quarter gros. The original gros created by St Louis weighed about 4.52 g of nearly pure silver, and was valued at one sou, that is 12 deniers or 1/20 of a livre tournois. Unlike the gold écu that was minted in small numbers, mostly for prestige reasons, the gros was a very common coin, and very widely copied by non royal mints.
Notes
See also
Groschen
Medieval currencies
Numismatics
Kapronie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dzwola, south-east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Kapronie
Heidi Mount (née Whitworth, born April 6, 1987) is an American fashion model, modeling for fashion houses such as Michael Kors, Bottega Veneta, Sonia Rykiel, Versace, and Valentino. She has appeared in campaigns for Chanel, Prada, and Bally.
Early life
Mount was born Heidi Whitworth in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mount was discovered at age 12 at a Britney Spears concert with her mother and her sister. Heidi's mother's name is Jennifer and her father is Clark. She also has four siblings: brothers Justin, Mark, Jared, and sister Bailee.
Career
Mount began her modeling career in 2000, signing with Ford Models. Her debut on the international scene was in Yohji Yamamoto's Spring 2004 collection. From there, she posed for campaigns such as Frankie Morello and Armani Jeans.
Mount returned to modeling in September 2007, signing with IMG Models, and returning to runways for the Spring 2008 season, walking for designers like Shiatzy Chen, Alexander McQueen and Stella McCartney. A year later, she replaced Claudia Schiffer as the face of Chanel for Spring 2009, as well as opening and closing its fashion show. She also embraced the Spring 2009 campaigns for Alexander McQueen, ckOne, and Gap.
In an interview with The New York Times, Mount said the inspiration for her career was Christie Brinkley.
At Naomi Campbell's Fashion For Relief runway show for The White Ribbon Alliance to raise funds for mothers in Haiti, she modeled a Tracey Reese dress that sold for 150 dollars. She has appeared in campaigns for Chanel, Alexander McQueen, GAP, Bally, Armani, Calvin Klein, Dolce & Gabbana, Etro, Barneys, MaxMara, H&M, Hazzys, and Moschino. She has appeared in editorials for Italian Marie Claire, W Magazine, Harper's Bazaar, V Magazine, Vanity Fair, Numéro, I-D Magazine, and Russian, Chinese, German, Italian, and Japanese Vogue.
Mount appears in the 2011 Pirelli Calendar photographed by Karl Lagerfeld.
Personal life
Mount married hairstylist Shawn Mount in 2007. They separated in 2010, and divorced in 2013.
References
External links
Boulder Dash, The New York Times, November 18, 2011
Living people
1987 births
Female models from Utah
People from Salt Lake City
21st-century American women
Sheila Ann Dixon (born December 27, 1953) is an American politician who served as the forty-eighth mayor of Baltimore, Maryland. When the former mayor, Martin O'Malley, was sworn in as governor on January 17, 2007, Dixon, the president of the Baltimore City Council, served out the remaining year of his term. In November 2007, she was elected mayor. She was the first African-American woman to serve as president of the City Council, Baltimore's first female mayor, and Baltimore's third black mayor.
On January 9, 2009, Dixon was indicted on twelve felony and misdemeanor counts, including perjury, theft, and misconduct. The charges stem partly from incidents in which she allegedly misappropriated gift cards intended for the poor. On December 1, 2009, the jury returned a "guilty" verdict on one misdemeanor count of fraudulent misappropriation and Dixon received probation provided she resigns as mayor as part of a plea agreement, effective February 4, 2010. She was succeeded by the City Council president, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, on February 4, 2010.
By December 2012, Dixon had completed all of the terms of her probation. The case closed by the end of 2012.
In 2016, she unsuccessfully sought election as Mayor of Baltimore; she was defeated in the Democratic primary by State Senator Catherine Pugh. She then unsuccessfully challenged Pugh as a write-in candidate in the general election. In the 2020 Baltimore mayoral election, she again sought the Democratic nomination, but narrowly lost in the June 2 primary to Brandon Scott.
Early life and education
Dixon was born and was raised in the Ashburton neighborhood of West Baltimore. Her father, Phillip Dixon, Sr., was a car salesman, and her mother, Winona Dixon, was a community activist.
Dixon attended the Baltimore City public schools graduated from Northwestern High School. She earned a bachelor's degree from Towson University and a master's degree from Johns Hopkins University.
Career
Education and government
After graduating from college, Dixon worked as an elementary school teacher and adult education instructor with the Head Start program. She then worked for 17 years as an international trade specialist with the Maryland Department of Business and Economic Development.
In 1986, Dixon was elected to the Baltimore City Democratic State Central Committee representing the 40th Legislative District. In 1987, she won a seat on the Baltimore City Council representing the 4th Council District, where she served twelve years.
Shoe comment
In 1991, Dixon waved her shoe at white colleagues on the Baltimore City Council and yelled, "You've been running things for the last 20 years. Now the shoe is on the other foot." This incident led many people, including some of her supporters, to view her as a divisive person.
Dixon explained her earlier comment by stating that she had "matured" since making the shoe comment and that she now attempts "to communicate better with individuals."
City Council presidency
In 1999, Dixon was elected president of the Baltimore City Council, the first African-American woman elected to this position. In 2003, she won her re-election race for president of the Baltimore City Council, defeating her nearest competitor (Catherine Pugh) by 21,000 votes.
Mayor of Baltimore
As City Council President, Dixon was ex officio mayor pro tempore, and ascended as mayor when Martin O'Malley resigned after being elected Governor of Maryland in November 2006.
During her tenure, Baltimore's homicide rate dropped for the first time in the 30 years. In 2007 she introduced a crime plan that focused on more community policing and using police resources to target the most violent offenders. To combat crime, Dixon appointed Police Commissioner Frederick H. Bealefeld III, who supported her neighborhood crime strategy. In February 2008, the Baltimore City Police reported a sharp decline in homicides in Baltimore. According to police there were 14 murders in the city for the month of January, the lowest monthly total in 30 years. As of April 2008, there had been a 40% reduction in murders in the city after experiencing a record high in 2007 during Dixon's first year in office. By April 15, 2008, the number of murders in the city had grown to 54, the lowest total to this time of the year in recent memory, putting the city on pace for 189 murders in 2008. By the end of 2008, the murder count was 234—a 17% reduction over the previous year.
While her critics complained that crime had risen in Baltimore during her tenure and that she did not pay enough attention to the issue, her record shows that she had increased police patrols, cracked down on the possession of illegal guns, and actively secured federal and state funds for crime-fighting programs.
Several city developments were completed during Dixon's tenure such as Baltimore's Inner Harbor East community, the Legg Mason Tower, and the Baltimore Hilton Hotel.
As mayor, Dixon was a member of the former Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition.
2007 mayoral election
Dixon ran for a full term as mayor in the 2007 election and won the Democratic Party primary in September. Dixon maintained a strong fundraising advantage throughout the campaign. Scores of public officials, unions and newspapers endorsed the Mayor's campaign. This includes The Baltimore Sun, The Baltimore Afro-American, the AFL-CIO, former Rep. Kweisi Mfume, Minority Contractors Association, SEIU, SEIU United Healthcare Workers East, Gov. O'Malley, Comptroller Peter Franchot, Unite Here, United Auto Workers, and others.
A major issue during the primary mayoral campaign was crime. By mid-2007, homicides in Baltimore were on pace to surpass 300 for the year, the most since the early years of the O'Malley administration. On June 19, Dixon presented her crime plan to 500 Baltimore police officers, but Dixon was attacked by Mitchell and Carter for not doing enough. Dixon's crime plan departed from previous Mayor Martin O'Malley's as it stressed community policing and focusing on apprehending the most violent offenders as opposed to zero tolerance. As of June 19, there were 146 homicides and 340 non-lethal shootings in the city.
By the end of July 2007, Dixon's campaign had been endorsed by the Baltimore Metropolitan Council of the Maryland AFL-CIO collectively as well as several individual union endorsements. Maryland Comptroller Peter Franchot was the only statewide elected official to endorse Dixon until an August 13 rally where Governor Martin O'Malley gave his endorsement. Former Congressman Kweisi Mfume also endorsed Dixon at the same event in front of Baltimore's City Hall. State Delegates Tom Hucker (Montgomery County), Maggie McIntosh, Curt Anderson, Cheryl Glenn, Melvin L. Stukes, Talmadge Branch, Senators Nathaniel J. McFadden and Catherine Pugh and Baltimore City Council members Robert Curran, Bernard "Jack" Young, Ed Reisinger, Stephanie Rawlings Blake and Agnes Welch have endorsed Dixon and were at the rally as well.
Results
Dixon won the 2007 Baltimore Democratic Mayoral Primary over her closest opponent, Keiffer Mitchell Jr., with 63 percent of the total votes, virtually assuring her of a full term in this overwhelmingly Democratic city. She then defeated Republican Elbert Henderson in the general election in November, becoming the first woman elected in her own right as mayor.
The Democratic primary results were:
General election:
In her first inaugural address as Mayor, Dixon alluded to what she considers people's wrong impression of her and stated, "I want you to know that I am much more than a newspaper headline or a sound bite on the evening news."
Prosecution
In 2008, investigators from the Office of the State Prosecutor executed a search warrant at Dixon's residence in southwest Baltimore. Around the same time, several subpoenas were issued to aides. The investigation looked at gifts, including several fur coats, as well as Dixon's spending habits. Two of Dixon's associates—campaign chair Dale Clark and Mildred Boyer, a businesswoman who had hired Dixon's sister—pleaded guilty in 2008 to tax charges and cooperated with prosecutors during the Dixon investigation. The affidavit filed to support a search warrant on the company Doracon was published by The Baltimore Sun in June 2008; the affidavit stated that Dixon was being investigated regarding bribery.
On January 9, 2009, Dixon was indicted by a Baltimore grand jury on twelve counts: four counts of perjury, two counts of misconduct, three counts of theft, and three counts of fraudulent misappropriations.
Fraud trial
In November 2009, Dixon was tried for three counts of felony theft, three counts of misdemeanor embezzlement/misappropriation, and a single count of misconduct of office. The trial began on November 10, 2009, with Arnold M. Weiner serving as lead counsel. During the trial, two counts (one theft charge and one embezzlement/misappropriation charge) were dropped when prosecutors declined to call a key witness. On December 1, 2009, after seven days of deliberations, the jury returned verdicts on four of the five remaining counts. Dixon was found not guilty of the two felony theft charges, and one count of misconduct of office.
She was found guilty on one misdemeanor embezzlement charge relating to her use of over $600 worth of retail store gift cards that were intended to be distributed to needy families. The jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision regarding the final charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Resignation and Probation
On January 6, 2010, as part of a plea agreement reached with prosecutors, Dixon announced that she was resigning as mayor, effective February 4, 2010. Under the terms of the agreement Dixon will get probation before judgment (PBJ) in the recent case where she had been found guilty, as well as in a perjury trial that had been scheduled for March 2010. Under the Criminal Procedure Article, sec. 6–220 of the Annotated Code of Maryland, a PBJ is not a conviction, thereby enabling her to keep her $83,000 pension. Also, under Maryland law, a PBJ may be expunged from one's record once the probationary period is over.
Dixon was sentenced to four years of probation under the terms of the agreement. She also will be required to donate $45,000 to the Bea Gaddy Foundation and to serve 500 hours of community service at Our Daily Bread. In addition, she has agreed to sell gifts she received from developers, including a fur coat and electronics that she purchased with gift cards. She agreed to not seek office anywhere in the state of Maryland, including Baltimore during the term of her probation and she will not solicit or accept taxpayer money to pay her defense fees.
2016 Mayoral election
In 2015, Dixon made a second attempt at becoming mayor of Baltimore. She was the front-runner in the Democratic primary until early 2016, when Congressman Elijah Cummings endorsed her leading opponent, Catherine Pugh in April 2016. Pugh won the Democratic primary with 37% of the vote to Dixon's 35%.
2020 Mayoral election
On December 14, 2019, Dixon announced she was running for mayor of Baltimore in the 2020 election. After the first campaign finance reporting date in mid January of 2020, Dixon's campaign reported that it had raised roughly $100,000. Incumbent Mayor Jack Young, also running for mayor, had $960,000 cash on hand during the same reporting period. In the June 2, 2020, Democratic primary, she narrowly lost to Brandon Scott.
Personal life
Twice divorced, Dixon raised her two children, Jasmine and Joshua, as a single mom.
She is the aunt of professional basketball player Juan Dixon, who led the University of Maryland to the 2002 NCAA championship, and Jermaine Dixon, who played guard for the University of Pittsburgh Men's Basketball Team.
An active member of Bethel A.M.E. Church and former church trustee, Dixon continues to serve as a member of the Stewardess Board. She serves on other boards, including the Institute of Human Virology, the Transplant Resource Center, the Urban Health Initiative, the Baltimore Public Markets Corporation, the Living Classrooms Foundation, and the Walters Art Museum.
References
External links
CityMayors profile
1953 births
20th-century Methodists
African-American mayors in Maryland
African-American Methodists
American female criminals
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Living people
Maryland Democrats
Mayors of Baltimore
Northwestern High School (Baltimore) alumni
People of the African Methodist Episcopal church
Towson University alumni
Women in Maryland politics
Women mayors of places in Maryland
African-American city council members in Maryland
Maryland politicians convicted of crimes
African-American women mayors
Mołodiatycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Trzeszczany, west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The 2018 Gamba Osaka season was Gamba Osaka's 25th season in the J1 League and 31st overall in the Japanese top flight. It saw them compete in the 18 team J1 League as well as the J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup competitions.
Gamba will begin the season with a new manager in the shape of Brazilian, former Cerezo Osaka boss Levir Culpi who replaced long-standing manager Kenta Hasegawa who moved to FC Tokyo.
Culpi was fired after poor form saw Gamba sit in the J1 relegation zone at the halfway point of the season. He was replaced by Gamba Under-23 manager Tsuneyasu Miyamoto on July 23.
Transfers
Prior to the end of 2017, Gamba announced the capture of young defenders; Tetsuya Yamaguchi and Riku Matsuda as well as midfielder Yuya Fukuda all straight out of high school. Meanwhile, midfielder Ren Shibamoto and attacker Haruto Shirai were promoted to the first team squad after impressing for Gamba's Under-23 side in J3 during 2017.
Shortly before Christmas the signings of attacking midfielder Shinya Yajima and former Gamba youth product, centre-back Shunya Suganuma were announced, with the duo arriving from Urawa Reds and Montedio Yamagata respectively. This news was followed a few days later with the news of the signing of Japan Under-17 midfielder Keito Nakamura from Tokyo-based Mitsubishi Yowa SC as well as the promotion of Under-23 goalkeeper Kosei Tani to the first team squad.
2 league games into the campaign and Gamba secured the signing of former Brazil Under-20 defensive midfielder Matheus Jesus on loan from Portuguese side Estoril. His contracted would run until the end of the year.
Long serving goalkeeper Yosuke Fujigaya, who had made over 250 league appearances for the club announced his retirement at the end of the 2017 season after spending the previous 3 years providing backup to established number 1, Masaaki Higashiguchi. Holding midfielder Tatsuya Uchida turned his loan move to Tokyo Verdy into a permanent one and he would be joined at the Tokyo club by young forward Hiromu Kori who had spent the previous season on loan with Gamba Under-23, scoring 3 goals in 17 appearances.
Additionally experienced Japanese-born but Korean passport holding centre-back Kim Jung-ya moved to Vegalta Sendai, while Kashima Antlers forward Shuhei Akasaki returned to his parent club following a disappointing loan spell which yielded only 2 goals. Another forward with a poor goalscoring record, Hiroto Goya moved to J2 League outfit Tokushima Vortis in an effort to rediscover his scoring touch, he would be joined in J2 by backup goalkeeper Ken Tajiri who extended his loan spell at Zweigen Kanazawa for a further season. Gamba U-23 centre back and sometimes central midfielder made the move to J3 side Grulla Morioka after making close to 50 appearances in J3 but failing to crack Gamba's senior side.
At the beginning of January, a press conference was held confirming that key central midfielder Yosuke Ideguchi would join English EFL Championship side Leeds United. The Japanese international would however join Spanish Segunda División outfit Cultural Leonesa on loan for the remainder of the 2017–18 European club season. In the day's following Ideguchi's departure it was confirmed that young utility player So Hirao had been allowed to join Avispa Fukuoka on loan for 2018 and centre-back / defensive midfielder Shogo Nakahara had completed his loan spell with the club and would return to his parent club, Consadole Sapporo. Veteran midfielder Takahiro Futagawa also announced that he would spend another year on loan with Tokyo Verdy in J2 having spend the previous 18 months in Japan's capital.
The first of February saw the announcement that young South Korean centre-back Bae Soo-yong would join J3 outfit Giravanz Kitakyushu on a season long loan. He spent the 2017 campaign with Gamba's Under-23 side, scoring once in 24 games and earning to red cards in the process.
During the mid-season transfer window, it was announced at the end of June that midfielders Shinya Yajima and Jin Izumisawa would spend the second half of the year on loan at Vegalta Sendai and Tokyo Verdy respectively. Both players had struggled for game time with the top team and had spent large chunks of the season playing with Gamba U-23 in J3. Their departures cleared the way for the arrival of Renofa Yamaguchi midfielder Kosuke Onose at the end of July.
Following the departure of Brazilian coach Levir Culpi in July, Matheus Jesus, who Culpi brought to the club on loan at the start of the season, found game time hard to come by and his loan from Portuguese side Estoril was cancelled by mutual consent. New head coach Tsuneyasu Miyamoto moved further to re-shape the squad by bringing in Vissel Kobe striker Kazuma Watanabe on a permanent deal while the tall Shun Nagasawa moved in the opposite direction on loan until the end of the year.
In
Out
Coaching staff
The Coaching Staff for the 2018 J1 League season;
First team squad
Appearances and goals as of the beginning of the 2018 season.
* indicates player returned to Gamba Osaka from a loan spell with this club.
J1 League
On 13 January, Gamba's first 2 fixtures for the season were announced, at home to Nagoya Grampus and away to Kashima Antlers. The dates for the remaining games were made public on January 24.
Gamba endured something of a roller coaster ride during the 2018 season, a disastrous start under Brazilian coach Levir Culpi, including 5 losses in their first 6 games, saw Gamba spend most of the year facing the very real prospect of relegation to J2.
Fortunately after Culpi was replaced by Gamba U-23 coach and club legend Tsuneyasu Miyamoto, their fortunes began to change. Miyamoto's arrival initially brought better performances if not results, but along with returning injured players, midfield general Yasuyuki Konno and Brazilian attacker Ademilson as well as the arrival of the experienced forward Kazuma Watanabe from Vissel Kobe and winger Kosuke Onose from Renofa Yamaguchi, Gamba started to build a head of steam culminating in a 9-game winning streak which propelled them to the top half of the standings and a final position of 9th.
* = all times Japan Standard Time.
Match Day Line-Ups
The following players appeared for Gamba Osaka during the 2018 J1 League:
= Substitute on, = Substitute Off, = Number of goals scored, = Yellow Card and = Red Card.
Emperor's Cup
Gamba entered the 2018 Emperor's Cup at the 2nd round stage where they were drawn at home to Kwansei Gakuin University on 6 June. The match ended in an embarrassing 2-1 defeat after extra time.
Match Day Line-Ups
= Substitute on, = Substitute Off, = Number of goals scored, = Yellow Card and = Red Card.
J.League Cup Results
Having failing to qualify for the 2018 Asian Champions League, Gamba joined the J.League Cup at the group stage for the first time since 2014 when they went on to win the competition. The format was rejigged prior to the season with groups of 7 being replaced with groups of 4. Gamba were drawn in Group C along with Urawa Reds, Sanfrecce Hiroshima and Nagoya Grampus playing each team home and away.
Despite losing all three home group stage games, including two 4-1 reverses, Gamba qualified for the playoff round by virtue of 3 wins on the road and were paired with Júbilo Iwata. Home and away victories secured a passage to the quarter-finals where they faced off against Yokohama F. Marinos.
A 4-0 hammering in the home leg was followed by a 3-1 defeat in Yokohama to send Gamba crashing out 7-1 on aggregate.
* = all times Japan Standard Time.
Match Day Line-Ups
= Substitute on, = Substitute Off, = Number of goals scored, = Yellow Card and = Red Card.
Squad statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played on 1 December 2018
Goalscorers
Assists
Gamba Osaka Under-23
Gamba Osaka's Under-23 side compete in the J3 League where they are allowed to name 3 overage players of which one must be a goalkeeper. On January 24, their fixtures for the 2018 J3 League season were announced. Due to there being only 17 teams in the league, rounds 17 and 22 were bye rounds while the round 8 fixtures against FC Tokyo Under-23 was played at a later date so as to fall on a national holiday. The round 15 game against Thespakusatsu Gunma was postponed until August due to a large earthquake that occurred in Osaka in late June.
* = all times Japan Standard Time.
U-23 Squad statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played on 2 December 2018
References
Gamba Osaka
Gamba Osaka seasons
Galathea balssi is a species of squat lobster found throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific. Galathea balssi is a small crustacean, growing up to in carapace length, including the rostrum.
References
Crustaceans described in 1964
Squat lobsters
Bang Si Thong (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. The subdistrict is bounded by (clockwise from north) Bang Krang, Bang Si Mueang, Bang Phai, Bang Kruai, Wat Chalo and Bang Khanun subdistricts. In 2020 it had a total population of 11,426 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 5 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Si Thong Subdistrict Municipality ().
References
External links
Website of Bang Si Thong Subdistrict Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Gottlob Wilhelm Burmann (18 May 1737, in Lauban5 January 1805) was a German Romantic poet and lipogrammatist. He is best known for his dislike of the letter R. The letter does not appear in any of his 130 poems. He is even said to have eliminated it from his daily speech, refusing to say his last name for over seventeen years.
References
External links
Lipograms
1737 births
1805 deaths
People from Lubań
People from the Electorate of Saxony
German poets
German male poets
Roger-Wauthier van der Noot, born 27 February 1644, was a mayor of Brussels. He became the 1st Baron of Carloo.
Family
Roger-Wauthier van der Noot was the second son of Gilles van der Noot, Lord of Carloo, and Anne of Leefdael. His older brother, Philips Erard, became bishop of Ghent. Roger-Wauthier married Anne-Louise vander Gracht and had 10 successive sons and a daughter. They were buried in Uccle.
Roger-Wauthier van der Noot, 1st Baron of Carloo,married to Anne-Louis vander Gracht, Lady of Cortenbach.
Philippe-François van der Noot, 2nd Baron of Carloo;married to Antoinette d'Oyenbrugghe, Countess of Duras.
Philippe-Joseph van der Noot (+1748),married to Honorine-Françoise, baronnes of Hamme
Jean-Joseph van der Noot, Count of Duras, Baron of Carloo; Dies without heirs.
Anna van der Noot, married to Carl-Julius von Metzndorf.
Anne-Louise van der Noot (1744), married to Charles-Guillaume d'Alegamba, Count of Auderghem.
Jean-Joseph van der Noot, 1st Baron of Capelle:Teutonic knight.
Charles-Bonaventure, 1st Count van der Noot: descendants upon today, amongst them the current Marquess of Assche.
Maximilian-Anthoine van der Noot,
Guillaume-Louis van der Noot,
Roger-Lamoral van der Noot,
Maximilian-emmanuel van der Noot, Lord of Houtain
wauthier-Gilbert van der Noot,
Andrien-François van der Noot, noble Canon at the Cathedral chapter in Ghent.
Anne-Philippine van der Noot,married to lancelot de Gottignies, Lord-Chamberlain of the Empress
Career
Van der Noot served as mayor 1700-1702 and was succeeded by Charles van den Berghe, count of Limminghe.
References
1644 births
Barons of Belgium
Mayors of the City of Brussels
Year of death unknown
Philip Naameh (born 8 September 1948) is a Ghanaian prelate of the Catholic Church who has been archbishop of Tamale since 2009. He was bishop of Damongo from 1995 to 2009.
Biography
Philip Naameh was born on 8 September 1948 in Nandom-Ko in the Upper West Region. He had his elementary education from 1957 to 1962. He then continued to St. Charles Minor Seminary and Government Secondary School in Tamale, where he had his Secondary School and Sixth Form Education respectively. In 1971, he entered St. Victor's Major Seminary in Tamale for his Philosophical and Theological studies. He was matriculated into the University of Ghana, Legon, in 1973, where he later obtained a Diploma in Theology in 1976. From 1981 to 1986, he left for Germany for studies and obtained a PhD in Theology from the Westfälische Wilhelms Universität, Germany, he entered the school of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London in the UK for an MA in African History in 1992.
From 1986 to 1995, he was a lecturer at St. Victor's Major Seminary.
In December 1977, he was ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of Tamale. In the same year, after his ordination, he did his Pastoral ministry in the Archdiocese of Tamale at the Cathedral. He was in charge of the Laity council, was the Local Manager for Catholic Schools, and the Diocesan Vocations Director.
He was appointed bishop of the newly created Diocese of Damongo by John Paul II on 3 February 1995 and received his episcopal consecration on 28 May 1995.
On 12 February 2009, Naameh was appointed the Metropolitan Archbishop of Tamale by Pope Benedict XVI. He was installed there on 25 April 2009. He is the president of the Ghana Catholic Bishop's Conference (GCBC)
Naameh has taken up the issue of sexual abuse in the Church and made it his pastoral priority.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Ghanaian Roman Catholic archbishops
People from Upper West Region
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Ghana
Roman Catholic archbishops of Tamale
University of Ghana alumni
University of Münster alumni
Alumni of SOAS University of London
Roman Catholic bishops of Damongo
Cycling competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali, Colombia, were held from 26 November to 3 December 2021.
20 medal events were contested in four cycling disciplines: track (12), road (4), BMX Racing (2) and Mountain Biking (2).
Medal table
Medalists
Road cycling
Track cycling
Mountain biking
BMX racing
References
External links
Road cycling at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games
Track cycling at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games
Mountain biking at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games
BMX racing at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games
Junior Pan American Games
Events at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
Moniatycze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 171.
References
Moniatycze-Kolonia
Rómmel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Juliusz Rómmel (1881–1967), Polish military general
Karol Rómmel (1888–1967), Polish and Russian military officer, sportsman, and horse rider
See also
Rommel (surname)
Polish-language surnames
Michael John Kaszycki (born February 27, 1956) is a Canadian former ice hockey player.
Biography
As a youth, Kaszycki played in the 1968 and 1969 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournaments with the Toronto Christie minor ice hockey team.
He played major junior hockey with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds, of the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League (today's OHL), winning the Eddie Powers Memorial Trophy as the league's scoring champion in his final junior season of 1975–76.
Kaszycki was drafted by the New York Islanders 32nd overall in the 1976 NHL Amateur Draft and by the New England Whalers 38th overall in the 1976 WHA Amateur Draft. He signed with the Islanders, playing with them, the Washington Capitals and the Toronto Maple Leafs. Kaszycki played 226 games over five seasons in the NHL, scoring 122 points.
During the 1981–82 AHL season, while playing for the New Brunswick Hawks, Kaszycki won three individual American Hockey League awards. Kaszycki was awarded the Les Cunningham Award as Most Valuable Player, the John B. Sollenberger Trophy as top scorer, and the Fred T. Hunt Memorial Award for sportsmanship and perseverance.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1956 births
Canadian ice hockey centres
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
Dallas Black Hawks players
EV Zug players
Fort Worth Texans players
Genève-Servette HC players
HC Ambrì-Piotta players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Lausanne HC players
Living people
Memorial Cup winners
Moncton Golden Flames players
New Brunswick Hawks players
New England Whalers draft picks
New York Islanders draft picks
New York Islanders players
People from Milton, Ontario
Rochester Americans players
Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds players
SCL Tigers players
St. Catharines Saints players
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Toronto Marlboros players
Washington Capitals players
Sportspeople from Milton, Ontario
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Switzerland
The 2014 Donegal county football team season was the franchise's 110th season since the County Board's foundation in 1905. The team entered the season looking to improve on their poor 2013 run and return to prominence for the first time since winning Sam Maguire MMXII.
Jim McGuinness returned for his fourth season as the team's manager. Pioneer of the game's revolutionary tactic The System, he entered the season with two Ulster titles (2011, 2012), and added a third this season, before becoming the first manager in team history to lead his team to two All-Ireland Finals.
Personnel changes
Manager Jim McGuinness installed a new backroom team, consisting of Damian Diver, Paul McGonigle and John Duffy.
Ryan Bradley and Ross Wherity both emigrated after the 2013 season.
Ciaran Bonner and Leon Thompson returned to the panel for the first time since 2009. Christy Toye returned after missing the 2013 season due to illness. Returning also were Thomas McKinley (Naomh Colmcille) and Antoin McFadden — both excluded in the early part of the 2013 season after featuring as part of the 2012 panel. Conor Classon returned to the panel as well.
Hugh McFadden joined the panel after manager McGuinness noticed him during the 2013 Donegal Senior Football Championship. Also joining were Stephen McLaughlin (Malin) and Darach O'Connor.
Panel
Competitions
Dr McKenna Cup
National Football League Division 2
Donegal won promotion from Division 2.
2014 Division 2 table
Ulster Senior Football Championship
Donegal won the Ulster Championship for a third time in four seasons.
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship
Donegal reached the All-Ireland Final for the second time in three seasons.
Kit
Management team
Manager: Jim McGuinness
Selectors: Damian Diver, John Duffy, Paul McGonigle
Goalkeeping coach: Pat Shovelin
Strength and conditioning coach: Paul Fisher
Awards
All Stars
Donegal achieved four All Stars.
County breakdown
Kerry= 5
Donegal= 4
Dublin= 3
Mayo= 3
References
Donegal county football team seasons
Michael Benjamin Wang (born May 12, 1981) is an American artist based in New York. Wang's work uses systems that operate at a global scale as media for art: climate change, species distribution, resource allocation and the global economy. His works include Carbon Copies, an exhibition linking the production of artworks to the release of greenhouse gases, World Trade, a series tracing the trade in steel from the World Trade Center following the attacks of September 11, 2001; and Extinct in the Wild, a project that brings species that no longer exist in nature, but that persist under human care, into spaces of art. Wang's work has been shown in Europe, North and South America, and Asia, including the 13th Shanghai Biennale, Lower Manhattan Cultural Council's Arts Center at Governors Island in New York City, Manifesta 12 in Palermo, Italy, the Swiss Institute Contemporary Art New York, Parque Cultural de Valparaíso, Fondazione Prada in Milan, and Foxy Production in New York.
Early life and education
Wang was born in Olney, Maryland. He received his BA in Social Anthropology and Visual and Environmental Studies from Harvard University in 2003, an MA in Performance Studies from New York University in 2004, and an M.Arch from Princeton University in 2008.
Work
Early work
Early work includes the series Rivals (2014–), which engages the history of the readymade and its relationship to corporate capitalism, and Carbon Copies (2012–), which represents the carbon footprints of well known contemporary artworks as a set of sculptural objects. These objects, which the artist calls "Carbon Copies", are in turn sold in exchange for carbon offsets, erasing the carbon footprints of the works they represent.
Extinct in the Wild (2014–)
Wang's project Extinct in the Wild was first presented at the Fondazione Prada in Milan in 2017. It brings species of plants and animals that are no longer found in nature – but persist under human care – into spaces of art.
The Drowned World (2018)
For Manifesta 12 in Palermo, Italy, Wang presented a series of works titled The Drowned World. These drew connections between ancient organic processes and climate change. They included a pool tinted green by cyanobacteria and a living recreation of a Carboniferous period forest planted within the ruins of a coal gas plant.
Extinct in New York (2019)
Extinct in New York was one of two inaugural exhibitions at the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council's Arts Center at Governors Island in the fall of 2019. It returned to New York City species of plants, algae, and lichen known historically from the city but that no longer grow wild in any of the five boroughs. It was curated by Swiss Institute and was covered in Artforum, Fast Company, Art in America, and Hyperallergic.
10000 lis, 100 billion kilowatt-hours (一万里，一千亿千瓦时) (2021)
10000 lis, 100 billion kilowatt-hours was commissioned by the Power Station of Art for the 13th Shanghai Biennale. Installed within Columbia Circle in Shanghai, the work -- consisting of a large refrigeration unit and misting system -- re-created a fragment of the glaciers at the origin of the Yangtze River. The piece drew energy from the Shanghai electric grid (powered, in part, by the Three Gorges Dam on the Yangtze) and water from the Shanghai tap (also drawn from the Yangtze). With this work, Wang sought to connect these aspects of Shanghai's infrastructure back to their natural, hydrological origins, and to reveal the linkages between subtropical Shanghai and the distant glaciers of the Qinghai-Tibet plateau.
Writing
Wang has written extensively on art, architecture, technology and the environment.
His writing has appeared in Artforum, Art in America, Texte zur Kunst, and Mousse. He published an essay on the “back breeding” of the extinct aurochs in Cabinet, and an essay on the work of artist Ryan Trecartin in the reader Mass Effect: Art and the Internet in the Twenty-First Century.
Awards
Wang was a recipient of a Joan Mitchell Foundation Painters & Sculptors Grant in 2017 and the Curate Award, presented by the Fondazione Prada and the Qatar Museums Authority, in 2014.
References
External links
21st-century American artists
Artists from New York City
Artists from Maryland
People from Olney, Maryland
1981 births
Living people
New York University alumni
Princeton University alumni
Harvard College alumni
Łuszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 110 (P. Oxy. 110 or P. Oxy. I 110) is an invitation to dinner, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the 2nd century. Currently it is housed at Eton College in Eton, Berkshire.
Description
The document is a formal invitation from Chaeremon to an unnamed person to a dinner at the serapeum. The measurements of the fragment are 44 by 63 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
Text
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 109
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 111
References
110
2nd-century manuscripts
The 1998 United States Senate election in Ohio was held November 3, 1998. It was concurrent with elections to the United States House of Representatives. Incumbent Democratic U.S Senator John Glenn decided to retire, instead of seeking a fifth term. Republican Governor George Voinovich won the open seat.
Candidates
Democratic
Mary Boyle, former Cuyahoga County Commissioner and candidate in 1994
Republican
George Voinovich, Governor and nominee in 1988
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Ohio
1998
Fanaticism is a belief or behavior involving uncritical zeal or obsessive enthusiasm.
Religious fanaticism, fanaticism related to a religion
Fanaticism, Fanatic(s), Fanatical or The Fanatics may also refer to:
Fan (person), short for "fanatic", a person with a liking and enthusiasm for something
FANatic, a U.S. TV show on the MTV network in the late 1990s
Fanatic (album), a 2012 album by the band Heart
Fanatic (film), a 1965 British thriller
FANatical, a Canadian documentary television series
Fanatical (company), a digital video game retailer
Fanatic, a now defunct Games Workshop hobby, gaming, and Mordheim magazine
"Fanatic", a song by Heidi Montag from her 2010 album Superficial
The Fanatic (novel), a 2000 novel by James Robertson
The Fanatic (2019 film), a thriller film starring John Travolta
The Fanatics (film), a 1990s comedy film
The Fanatics (game show), a 2015 British game show
The Fanatic (novel), a novel by the Scottish author James Robertson
The Finatticz, an American hip hop group
Ocean Colour Scene, a band whose members formerly had a band called "The Fanatics"
Fanatics, Inc., an American online retailer
Fanatics (1917 film), an American silent drama film
Fanatics (2012 film), a Finnish film
Fanatics (group), a South Korean girl group
See also
The Fantasticks, a 1960 musical
Fanatik (disambiguation)
Fnatic, an esports organisation
Phillie Phanatic, mascot of the Philadelphia Phillies
1589 Fanatica, asteroid nammed after Eva Perón
USA-126, also known as GPS IIA-17, GPS II-26 and GPS SVN-40, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the seventeenth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-126 was launched at 00:50:00 UTC on 16 July 1996, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D237, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-126 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 15 August 1996, USA-126 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 723.60 minutes, and 55.03° of inclination to the equator. It broadcasts the PRN 10 signal, and operates in slot 3 of plane E of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years, however, it was kept in service for over 18 years before finally decommissioned from service on 16 July 2015.
Following decommissioning, it was subsequently placed in a disposal orbit approximately 1000 km above the operational constellation on 11 March 2016.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1996
GPS satellites
USA satellites
WRNQ (92.1 MHz "Q92") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Poughkeepsie, New York and serving the Mid-Hudson Valley of New York state. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and broadcasts an adult contemporary radio format, switching to Christmas music for much of November and December.
WRNQ has an effective radiated power of 520 watts, transmitting from the Illinois Mountain master tower in Highland, New York to which it moved in 2000. Unlike other Class A stations on that tower, WRNQ's signal is directional to protect first adjacents 92.3 WNYL New York City and 92.3 WFLY Troy, New York.
History
The original construction permit for what became WRNQ was awarded in December 1985, several years after the FCC amended the table of allotments to allow for the 92.1 frequency to become active in Poughkeepsie. Around 1987, the frequency was awarded to WKIP owner Richard Novik, gained the WLMS (Lite Music Station) calls and announced that the station would take on a format near-identical to that which hit the air. Due to potential ratings confusion with WLTW ("Lite FM") from New York City the call letters were replaced with WRNQ in 1989, a decision made by then-General Manager Don Verity. The difficulty obtaining a transmitter site in the market also was a problem and Novik eventually settled on a site in Lagrangeville, New York, east of Poughkeepsie, unlike most stations which broadcast on mountain peaks in Ulster County.
WRNQ, better known as "Rockin' Easy, Q-92"' hit the air on June 30, 1989 and made a splash with former WKIP morning man Van Ritshie anchoring an otherwise satellite-fed format (Unistar's "Format 41)." With no real competition in the format (WHUD was still easy listening and WKIP had changed to all-talk programming), Q-92 reached top of the ratings its first year on the air. Eventually, the station added the hugely successful "Love Songs on Q" a locally hosted evening love songs program hosted by Pete Clark (currently at WVKR and WPDH) and later by Rick Buser, formerly of WPDH.
In 1996, Novik sold WRNQ, WKIP, and new sister station WNSX ("Modern Rock, The X 96.1") to Straus Media (owned by Eric Straus, heir to former owner of WMCA New York City) who in turn replaced the satellite-fed time periods with all-local programming, much of which came from Straus stations in Ellenville and Hudson. With this, the station picked up Delilah After Dark evenings. The pickup of Delilah, later picked up by rival WHUD, was allowed via a geographic loophole (WHUD and WRNQ are technically in different markets) which also allowed the two rivals to have the same jingle package for several years.
Eric Straus decided to leave radio ownership in 2000 to start two online ventures (Regional Help Wanted and Cupid.com), selling the cluster to Clear Channel Communications. The next year, Van Ritshie retired from radio, and was replaced by Joe Daily (formerly of WBNR) in the morning slot. In 2002, WRNQ began airing Christmas music in the months before Christmas copying a programming move popular in other radio markets.
At the end of Christmas music in 2003, the station relaunched under the "LiteFM" brand of popular sister WLTW in New York City in a move of "branding unity" which also was ironic considering the station's pre-signon change done to minimize confusion with WLTW. Outside of some music refocusing and the addition of a Saturday night dance programming, no major changes were made until October 2011, when WRNQ switched to Premium Choice and Premiere Networks for content outside of Joe Daily in Morning Drive.
A variation of WRNQ's format, without the simulcast and with different disc jockeys, had been broadcast on 98.5 WCTW Catskill, New York. From March 2005 until November 2006, WRNQ's format and programming was "shadowcast" on 99.3 WFKP Ellenville, New York which aired the same air talent as WRNQ (and carried WRNQ's "Joe Daily in the Morning").
On September 8, 2014 WRNQ returned to its original "Q92" branding.
Previous logo
(WRNQ's logo under previous "Lite FM" branding)
References
External links
Q92 website
Dutchess County, New York
RNQ
Radio stations established in 1989
IHeartMedia radio stations
Mian Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Mīān Maḩalleh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 213, in 57 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
William James Asselstine (July 1, 1891 – August 21, 1973) was an engineer, gold miner and political figure in British Columbia. He represented Atlin from 1933 to 1945 as a Liberal and from 1956 to 1960 as a Social Credit member in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.
He was born in Renfrew, Ontario in 1891, the son of Samuel Asselstine and Jessie Wilson, and was educated in Verona and Sydenham. In 1906, he married a Miss Ida Carr. He was a member of the Canadian Expeditionary Force during World War I. Asselstine served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Mines, Minister of Trade and Industry and Minister of Labour. He ran unsuccessfully for reelection in 1960 and 1963 as a Social Credit member. He died August 21, 1973, aged 82.
References
1891 births
1973 deaths
People from Renfrew County
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
British Columbia Social Credit Party MLAs
Radical 83 or radical clan () meaning "clan" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 10 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 89th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6C0F
083
089
Ropa vieja (; "old clothes") is a dish with regional variations in Latin America, the Philippines, and Spain. It normally includes some form of stewed beef and tomatoes with a sofrito base. Originating in Spain, it is known today as one of the national dishes of Cuba. The name ropa vieja probably originates from the fact that it was often prepared using food left over from other meals.
The dish's origins appear to have first arisen among the Sephardic Jews of the Iberian Peninsula, as a slow-cooked stew that was prepared to be eaten over the course of a traditionally observed Shabbat, a kind of cholent called "handrajos" (similar to the Spanish word "andrajos"). Eventually this dish spread to North Africa and to the Canary Islands of Spain.
The dish is believed to have been brought to the Americas by immigrants from the Canary Islands and was first reported to have been cooked in Cuba in 1857, but today is well known as a Cuban national dish.
Regional variations
Canary Islands - Ropa vieja is served with both garbanzo beans and potatoes Some versions of the dish in the Canaries include other meats, including chicken and pork.
Colombia - the dish is known as both "ropa vieja" and "carne desmechada" and is often served with rice, fried plantains, or arepas.
Cuba - ropa vieja is well known as a national dish (most often served with rice and black beans), but famously was off the menu of many ordinary Cubans for a time during the Special Period of Cuban history, after the fall of the Soviet Union. While some Cubans improvised, substituting lamb or pork<ref>Bremzen, Anya Von "Pork Ripa Vieja with Raisins" Paladares: Recipes inspired by the private restaurants of Cuba" (2017, ) p. 246-247</ref> for beef during this time (or made special efforts to find beef to make the dish) the dish became commonly available in Cuba again, starting in 2010 with the advent of independent and legal paladares in 2010. Ropa vieja is especially popular among Cuba's Jewish community. Ropa Vieja in Cuba is often served with congri rice and fried plantains.
In Nicaragua the dish is called carne desmenuzada, or less commonly ropa vieja''. It is made with green bell peppers, onions, garlic, salt, Worcestershire sauce, sugar, and mustard. It is usually served with white rice or alongside gallopinto (national dish of Nicaragua), and fried cheese, fried or boiled plantains.
In the Philippines ropa vieja includes fish sauce and is served with jasmine rice.
Spain - ropa vieja is a make-do kind of dish in which a cook would stew leftovers in a sofrito base. Chickpeas are almost included in the Spanish version of this dish.
Venezuela - Like its neighbor Colombia, the dish is called both "ropa vieja" and "carne desmechada." The dish is often served as a filling for arepas as well as other dishes, and is commonly prepared using the herb annatto to provide deeper color. Ropa vieja is also famously a component of the plate known as the Pabellón criollo.
Other regions - The dish is popular in Honduras, Puerto Rico, and other parts of Latin America, as well as among immigrant communities in the United States.
See also
List of beef dishes
References
Andalusian cuisine
Caribbean cuisine
Cuban cuisine
Latin American cuisine
Canary Islands cuisine
Philippine cuisine
Beef dishes
Sephardi Jewish cuisine
National dishes
Frode Jakobsen (21 December 1906 in Østre Jølby, Denmark – 15 June 1997 in Denmark), was a Danish writer and politician who is remembered for his contribution to Danish resistance activities during the German occupation of Denmark in the Second World War.
In 1941, Jakobsen formed Ringen or the Ring, a secret resistance organisation. In 1943, became one of the key members of the Danish Freedom Council which coordinated resistance activities against the Germans until Denmark was liberated.
After the war he became a member of the Danish Social Democrats party until 1973.
In his book I Danmarks Frihedsråd, he recounts how he helped to bring several resistance organisations together to work towards Denmark's liberation.
References
Danish resistance members
1906 births
1997 deaths
Social Democrats (Denmark) politicians
People from Morsø Municipality
This article lists the poems of Catullus and their various properties.
Catullus' poems can be divided into three groups:
the polymetrics (poems 1–60)
the long poems (poems 61–68)
the epigrams (poems 69–116)
Historical context
Catullus (c. 84 BC - c. 54 BC) lived in the waning days of the Roman Republic, just before the Imperial era that began with Augustus. Catullus is the chief representative of a school of poets known as the poetae novi or neoteroi, both terms meaning "the new poets". Their poems were a bold departure from traditional models, being relatively short and describing everyday occurrences and intense personal feelings; by contrast, traditional poetry was generally large and epic, describing titanic battles among heroes and gods. These avant-garde poets drew inspiration from earlier Greek authors, especially Sappho and Callimachus; Catullus himself used Sapphic meter in two poems, Catullus 11 and 51, the second of which is almost a translation. His poems are written in a variety of meters, with hendecasyllabic verse and elegiac couplets being the most common by far.
Catullus is renowned for his love poems, particularly the 25 poems addressed to a woman named Lesbia, of which Catullus 5 is perhaps the most famous. Scholars generally believe that Lesbia was a pseudonym for Clodia and that the name Lesbia is likely an homage to Sappho, who came from the isle of Lesbos. Catullus is also admired for his elegies, especially Catullus 101 and Catullus 96, for his hymn to his homeland, Sirmio, in Catullus 31, and for his many depictions of everyday life in ancient Rome, such as Catullus 4, Catullus 10, and Catullus 13. Finally, he was well-nigh infamous even in his own time for his fierce, sometimes obscene, invectives against faithless friends (e.g., Catullus 12, Catullus 16, and Catullus 116), faithless lovers (Catullus 8, Catullus 30, Catullus 58, and Catullus 70), corrupt politicians (Catullus 28, Catullus 29), and bad poets (Catullus 14 and Catullus 44).
Catullus was admired in ancient times for his elegantly crafted poems, and inspired many of the next generation of poets, especially Ovid, Tibullus, and Sextus Propertius. Even Virgil and Horace are also known to have adopted some elements of his poetry, although the latter was also critical of his work. Martial seems to be the only later Latin poet to be influenced significantly by Catullus. Catullus is mentioned by a few other Roman scholars, such as Pliny the Younger and Quintilian, and by St. Jerome. Since Catullus' work was not adopted as part of a classical curriculum, it was gradually forgotten over time, although one Bishop Rather of Verona is said to have delighted in reading his poems c. 965 AD. That changed c. 1300 AD, with the discovery of a manuscript that contained 116 poems by Catullus.
Manuscript tradition
Almost all of Catullus' poems survived from antiquity in a single manuscript discovered c. 1300 in the Chapter Library of Verona, conventionally called "V" for the "Verona codex"; legend has it that the manuscript was found underneath a beer barrel. Two copies were made from the V manuscript, which was then lost. One of the copies was itself copied twice, after which it was lost in turn. Hence, Catullus' works depend on three surviving copies of the single V manuscript. The first printed edition (edito princeps) of Catullus appeared in Venice in 1472; the following year, Francesco Puteolano published the second printed edition in Parma.
For fourteen centuries (c. 1st century BC- c. 14th century AD), the poems of Catullus were copied by hand from other hand-written copies, a process that gradually led to a few errors in the received text. Scholars have applied methods of textual criticism to undo these errors and reconstruct Catullus' original text as much as possible. As an early example, Puteolano stated in the second edition (1473) that he made extensive "corrections" of the previous (1472) edition. In 1577, J. J. Scaliger published an emended version of Catullus' works, using the then novel genealogical method of textual criticism. Scholars since then have worked to emend these reconstructions to approximate more closely the original poems of Catullus; examples of these variant readings and emendations are given in the footnotes to the text below.
Main list
The table below lists all of Catullus' extant poems, with links to the full text, the poetic meter, the number of lines, and other data. The entire table can be sorted according to any column by clicking on the arrows in the topmost cell. The "Type" column is color-coded, with a green font indicating poems for or about friends, a magenta font marking his famous poems about his Lesbia, and a red font indicating invective poems. The "Addressee(s)" column cites the person to whom Catullus addresses the poem, which ranges from friends, enemies, targets of political satire, and even a sparrow.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
The following is merely a listing of a few sources that English-speaking readers may find useful in pursuing further research on Catullus.
Critical edition/textual criticism
Latin editions
English translations
Bilingual editions
Catullus' vocabulary
A concordance specifying the poem, line and case in which each word appears, e.g., hortulus appears in the ablative case hortulo in line 88 of Catullus' poem 61. Definitions for the words are not given.
This book lists the vocabulary, with definitions, needed to read Catullus' polymetric poems. After a general introduction to Catullus' vocabulary, a separate vocabulary list is given for subsets of 2–3 poems, e.g., poems 6–8 and 9–10. The words in each list is grouped by declension and gender for nouns and by conjugation for verbs.
Scholarship
List
Catullus
Articles containing video clips
EOA may refer to:
Eoa (moth), a genus of moth
Early-onset Alzheimer's disease, Alzheimer's disease diagnosed before the age of 65
Empire of Austenasia, a micronation and self-declared sovereign state in the United Kingdom
European Online Academy, a distance university specialized in European studies
Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture, a web-based reference work
Eve of Alana, a German band
East of Adelaide, a collection of neighbourhoods in London, Ontario
Effective orifice area, a quality measure for artificial heart valves
End of address, an ASCII control code
Campion Association Football Club is a football club based in Manningham area of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Scotchman Road.
History
The club was established by Michael Mahoney in 1963, with players coming from the St Edmund Campion youth club. In 1975 they joined Division Four of the Bradford Sunday League, and the following season also entered a team to the Red Triangle League, a Saturday league. By 1979 they had reached the league's Premier Division, finishing as runners-up and winning the Premier Division Cup in 1979–80.
In 1981 Campion moved up to the West Riding County Amateur League. Although financial difficulties led to them dropping back into the Red Triangle League for the 1985–86 season, the club returned to the West Riding County Amateur League for the 1986–87 season. In 1989–90 the club were Division Two champions, also winning the divisional cup. They went on to win Division One and the divisional cup in 1992–93, earning promotion to the Premier Division.
Campion won the Premier Division Cup in 2003–04, and then three times in succession between 2005–06 and 2007–08. In 2015–16 the club applied for promotion to Division One of the Northern Counties East League, which was achieved after finishing third. At the end of the 2020–21 season the club were transferred to Division One North of the North West Counties League.
Ground
The club play at Scotchman Road. The club house at the ground was built in 2006.
Honours
West Riding County Amateur League
Division One champions 1992–93
Division Two champions 1989–90
Premier Division Cup winners 2003–04, 2005–06, 2006–07, 2007–08
Division One Cup winners 1992–93, 1997–98
Division Two Cup winners 1989–90
Red Triangle League
Premier Division Cup winners 1979–80
West Riding Challenge Cup
Winners 2006–07
West Riding Charity Shield
Winners 2006–07
Bradford & District FA Cup
Winners 2000–01, 2009–10, 2011–12, 2015–16 2016–17
See also
Campion A.F.C. players
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in West Yorkshire
Manningham, Bradford
1963 establishments in England
Association football clubs established in 1963
Leeds Red Triangle Invitation League
West Riding County Amateur Football League
Northern Counties East Football League
North West Counties Football League clubs
is a free-to-play role-playing gacha game developed and published by DeNA for iOS and Android. The game features original characters and stories interacting with characters, scenarios, and battles from other games in the Final Fantasy series. It was released in Japan on September 24, 2014, and worldwide on March 26, 2015. The gameplay primarily consists of Active Time Battles with 2D sprite graphics. It has reached over 10 million downloads worldwide and is available in Japanese, English, French and Spanish. In 2020 all languages other than English were permanently removed. In June 2022 it was announced that the end of service for the global version of the game will be September 29, 2022.
Gameplay
Players enter each Final Fantasy titles world and fight to clear dungeons. As they accomplish this, they unlock new characters from those games. Players can combine parties of characters from different Final Fantasy titles. However, though using a game mechanic called "Synergy System", playing the characters that are initially from the world you are in gives characters a "stat bonus", which also applies to weapons and gear. The game has players reenact many climatic moments from the Final Fantasy series, such as the Battle on the Big Bridge against Gilgamesh. Characters can be given weapons or abilities that are collected along the way. The game is free-to-play and does have microtransactions.
In 2018, a new kind of dungeon, Record Dungeons were launched, featuring full pixel-art remakes of classic Final Fantasy scenes and dungeons, and an all-new adventure and records to explore alongside heroes of past games in the series.
Plot
Players control Tyro, a researcher who works in the history department for Dr. Mog. Being his best student, Dr. Mog shares his magic so that Tyro can enter paintings and see memories of different worlds, which are previous Final Fantasy titles. Tyro is also occasionally joined by original characters such as Elarra and Shadowsmith as they relive and restore the records of the great tales.
Development
Developer DeNA proposed doing a social role-playing game to Square Enix that would center around the Final Fantasy series, similar to a title the developer had worked on previously called Defender of Texel. That game used pixel graphics and characters battling in formation. Square Enix producer Ichiro Hazama decided that DeNA had the experience to build a successful mobile game for western markets and gave the game approval to be developed. Square Enix oversaw the game and the story, setting, and characters, but DeNA completed the backend publishing. DeNa producer Yu Sasaki stated that international release was expected to happen upon initial launch of the game but was delayed and released after modifications were made to please western audiences.
For the international release of the game, artwork from any remakes that had been done of earlier Final Fantasy games were used, as developers felt that American audiences connected more to later Final Fantasy games than earlier ones. Cutscenes were looked at again and polished for the same reason. The game was designed not to be difficult, and character profiles were also added for international release so new players could easily start enjoying the game. Tetsuya Nomura designed player character Tyro and supporting cast members Dr Mog, Cid, and Elarra. To draw in American audiences, the first world entered in the game is from Final Fantasy VII, and the next two are fan favorites in Japan: Final Fantasy IV and Final Fantasy VI. When the game runs events, characters are chosen based on player popularity. Characters are not added from games if there are not enough worlds or events from those same games. The game's producers felt that characters should be winnable through battle, and the game's currency of mithril given generously to encourage players to keep playing. Enemy bosses are animated, in a departure from the style of the older titles that are being referenced. Activities such as logging in to the game earn players in-game currency, and more opportunities to obtain free game currency were added for the international release. Western and Japanese versions of the game are on different servers, so no player communication is possible between the two versions. Producer Ichiro Hazama stated that the core of the experience of the game is “reliving the past”. Hazama also felt there was room for original story expansion in the game's plot and the new main character Tyro. On July 15, 2014, a teaser site appeared with a timer counting time for the game's actual reveal.
The game was announced to shutdown the global versions on September 29, 2022.
Reception
Final Fantasy Record Keeper received positive reviews overall. IGN praised the game's use of nostalgia for previous Final Fantasy games and fun combat and customization. However, they criticized its lack of character interaction and shallow story, making it hard for the game to hold players' interest. Kotaku voiced a similar sentiment, calling the game a "fun time waster" but noting the presence of the "much loathed stamina scheme" used to entice players to pay for more play time. VentureBeat said that the crafting and combining of items and weapons was "actually fun" and felt like a real Final Fantasy game, but condemned the gameplay as being boring because it is primarily a "hands-off" experience.
Within ten days of release, the game was downloaded over one million times. After a month, the game recorded three million downloads and one billion yen. The game reached five million downloads in six months in Japan and was in the top five highest-grossing games in the Apple App Store.
References
External links
Official website
Role-playing video games
Android (operating system) games
Final Fantasy video games
DeNA
IOS games
Retro-style video games
Single-player video games
2014 video games
Free-to-play video games
Video games developed in Japan
Aimee Allison (born 1969) is the Founder of She the People, a national network elevating the political power of women of color.
She is the People
In March 2018, Allison founded She the People to activate and mobilize women of color across the country in local and national politics and launched the inaugural She the People Summit, a national gathering of women of color transforming U.S. politics. In April 2019, Allison also organized the first presidential forum focused on women of color at Texas Southern University in Houston, TX. The forum featured Cory Booker, Julian Castro, Tulsi Gabbard, Kamala Harris, Amy Klobuchar, Beto O'Rourke, Bernie Sanders, and Elizabeth Warren.
In 2019, Allison also led listening sessions in battleground states to gather insights from women of color on the 2020 election.
Democracy in Color
Allison was the President of Democracy in Color, an organization that focuses on race, politics and the New American Majority and organized an event during the 2016 Democratic National Convention to highlight the strength and political vision of women of color in the Democratic Party, featuring Stacey Abrams and Nina Turner among others. She is also the host of the “Democracy in Color” podcast.
In 2017, Allison launched "Get in Formation," a national call for Black women to support Stacey Abrams in her race for governor of Georgia.
Early career
Beginning in September 2007, she was co-host of The Morning Show on Pacifica station KPFA, 94.1 FM in Berkeley, California. Allison was host of the San Francisco Bay Area Comcast NewsMakers show that aired on CNN Local Edition. Serving in the United States Army as a combat medic, Allison won an honorable discharge as a conscientious objector in the First Gulf War and was active in the peace movement. She is the co-author with David Solnit of the book Army of None: Strategies to Counter Military Recruitment, End War and Build a Better World which was published in 2007 by Seven Stories Press. She's also a contributor to 10 Excellent Reasons Not to Join the Military.
Her writings have been featured in a wide range of publications, including the New York Times, Huffington Post, Essence, The Hill (newspaper), and Remezcla.
Education
Allison holds a B.A. in History from Stanford University and an M.A. in Education from the Stanford Graduate School of Education. She has lived in Oakland since 1991.
Personal life
Allison was raised in Antioch, California and lives in Oakland, California.
Works
References
External links
Aimee Allison's website
American pacifists
American radio personalities
American conscientious objectors
California Greens
American anti-war activists
African-American people in California politics
American community activists
Activists from the San Francisco Bay Area
Stanford University School of Humanities and Sciences alumni
Stanford Graduate School of Education alumni
Living people
1969 births
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1594.
Events
c. February – The Shakespeare play Titus Andronicus is the first to be published, anonymously in London. His poem The Rape of Lucrece is published after May.
Spring – The London theaters reopen after two years of general inactivity due to the bubonic plague epidemic of 1592–94. Many actors who used to be Lord Strange's Men form a new company, the Lord Chamberlain's Men, under the patronage of Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon, Lord Chamberlain of England at the time.
April 6 and April 9 – Members of Queen Elizabeth's Men and Sussex's Men perform the early King Leir at the Rose Theatre in London.
May 14 – The reorganized Admiral's Men begin performances with Christopher Marlowe's The Jew of Malta.
October – The first firmly recorded performance of Marlowe's The Tragicall History of the Life and Death of Doctor Faustus is given by the Admiral's Men with Edward Alleyn in the title role.
Christmas – Students of Gray's Inn in London perform The Maske of Proteus and the Adamantine Rock before Queen Elizabeth. Written by Francis Davison with music by Thomas Campion, it is probably the first staged masque in England.
December 28 – Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors is performed at Gray's Inn.
unknown date – Franciscus Gomarus becomes professor of theology at Leiden University.
New books
Prose
Sir John Davys – The Seamans Secrets
Richard Hooker – Of the Lawes of Ecclesiastical Politie
Thomas Nashe – The Unfortunate Traveller
Drama
Anonymous
The Famous Victories of Henry V (first recorded)
A Knack to Know an Honest Man
Selimus published
The Taming of a Shrew (published)
The True Tragedy of Richard III (published)
Samuel Daniel – Cleopatra
Lope de Vega – El maestro de danzar (The Dancing Master)
Robert Greene (published)
Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay
Orlando Furioso
Thomas Lodge and Robert Greene – A Looking Glass for London (published)
Thomas Lodge – The Wounds of Civil War (published)
John Lyly – Mother Bombie (published)
Christopher Marlowe (k. 1593)
Edward II (the earliest known edition)
The Massacre at Paris (the earliest edition, undated, probable year)
(with Thomas Nashe?) – Dido, Queen of Carthage (published)
William Shakespeare:
The Comedy of Errors (performed)
Titus Andronicus (published)
Robert Wilson – The Cobbler's Prophecy (published)
Poetry
Richard Barnfield – The Affectionate Shepherd
George Chapman – The Shadow of Night
William Shakespeare – The Rape of Lucrece
Thomas Storer – Life and Death of Cardinal Wolsey
Henry Willobie – Willobie His Avisa
Births
January 24 – Pierre de Marca, French historian and bishop (died 1662)
March 25 – Maria Tesselschade Visscher, Dutch poet (died 1649)
September 30 – Antoine Gérard de Saint-Amant, French poet (died 1661)
Unknown date – John Spelman, English historian (died 1643)
Deaths
c. February 7 – Barnabe Googe, English poet (born 1540)
April 29 – Thomas Cooper, English lexicographer, controversialist and bishop (born c. 1517)
May 30 – Bálint Balassi, Hungarian lyric poet (born 1554)
June 3 – John Aylmer, English constitutionalist, translator and bishop (born 1521)
July – Girolamo Mei, Italian historian (born 1519)
c. July 16 – Thomas Kyd, English dramatist (born 1558)
November 29 – Alonso de Ercilla, Spanish noble, soldier and epic poet (born 1533)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
John Webber "Jerry" Turner (born January 17, 1954) is a retired American professional baseball player, an outfielder who played in seven full seasons and parts of three others in the Major Leagues from 1974–1983, mostly with the San Diego Padres (1974–1981; 1983). Turner threw and batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Biography
Turner was born on January 17, 1954 in Texarkana, Arkansas. He grew up in Los Angeles, attended Venice High School, and was selected by the Padres with their tenth pick in the 1972 Major League Baseball draft.
Turner was first called to the Majors in September 1974 after he batted .326 with 18 home runs, 68 runs batted in and 154 hits for the Double-A Alexandria Aces. The following season, he had another late season trial after batting .329 with 91 RBI for the Triple-A Hawaii Islanders. He then spent the next seven full seasons in the Majors, and was the Padres' regular left fielder in and . Turner also played ten games for the Chicago White Sox in and 85 games for the Detroit Tigers in .
In 733 MLB games, Turner had a .257 batting average with 448 hits, 222 runs, 238 RBIs, 73 doubles, nine triples, and 45 home runs.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
Alexandria Aces players
Baseball players from Arkansas
Baseball players from Los Angeles
Chicago White Sox players
Detroit Tigers players
Hawaii Islanders players
Las Vegas Stars (baseball) players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Portland Beavers players
San Diego Padres players
Tri-City Padres players
Venice High School (Los Angeles) alumni
Kalateh-ye Mohammad Jan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammad Jān) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 202, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Pope Clement XIV (r. 1769–1774) created 16 cardinals in twelve consistories.
18 December 1769
Paulo de Carvalho de Mendoça
29 January 1770
Mario Marefoschi
6 August 1770
João Cosme da Cunha
10 September 1770
Scipione Borghese
Giovanni Battista Rezzonico
12 December 1770
Antonio Casali
Pasquale Acquaviva d'Aragona
17 June 1771
Antonio Eugenio Visconti
Bernardino Giraud
23 September 1771
Innocenzo Conti
16 December 1771
Charles-Antoine de La Roche-Aymon
14 December 1772
Leopold Ernst von Firmian
15 March 1773
Gennaro Antonio de Simone
19 April 1773
Francesco Carafa di Trajetto
Francesco Saverio de Zelada
26 April 1773
Clement named two cardinals at this consistory and created another eleven cardinals in pectore. He died without announcing their names and their appointments lapsed.
Giovanni Angelo Braschi
Francesco D'Elci
References
Additional sources
Clement XIV
College of Cardinals
18th-century Catholicism
Railway Historical Centre is a heritage-listed warehouse at North Street, North Ipswich, City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1878 to 1879. It is also known as Railway Administration Building, Railway Store, and Tarpaulin Shop. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
This building, the oldest remaining on the original North Ipswich Railway Workshops site, was built in 1878-9 by Ipswich contractors, McGregor and Brown. It was initially used as a store. It was later used for administration and then as a tarpaulin store. In 1990, the tarpaulin store was converted into the Railway Historical Centre and was used for housing railway archival material and for other related functions.
Description
This is a fine example of a Victorian warehouse constructed of load- bearing brick on two levels. Outwardly, the building is a symmetrical gable ended structure with a centrally projecting transverse gable to the northern and southern facades. The formal entry is defined by a round headed arch and stairs leading up from The Terrace. Immediately opposite this on the southern side, is an upper level loading platform.
The symmetry of the building is reinforced by equally spaced segmental arch windows on both levels, and ridge ventilators at each end of the corrugated custom orb profile roof. Internally, the upper floor is dominated by Queen Post trusses which meet at the gable crossing with cruciform trusses. Along each end of the bottom chord are support rails with rope eyelets for suspension of tarpaulins. The original windlass is supported at the centre trusses for hoisting goods to and from the upper and lower levels through a timber trapdoor.
From the lower level, two large doors lead to the southern aligned railway tracks, and a tramway runs through the centre of the floor longitudinally. There is evidence of earlier service entry doors or cartways entering from the Terrace side.
The main timber floor frame is supported on sturdy hardwood columns with timber headstocks. Each bearer is jointed over the headstock with a scarfed joint and square timber key.
An early office compartment exists at the western end of the upper floor, constructed with a raised timber floor and tongue and groove timber partitions. At the eastern end there is a single storey timber frame extension which is not original.
Heritage listing
Railway Historical Centre was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
The Railway Historical Centre is the only remaining building on the southern section of the site, it is evidence of the first period of development of the railway workshops 1864–1885.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
The building retains evidence of its various uses as stores, administration, and tarpaulin store.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
It is fine example of a Victorian brick and stone warehouse and is of particular architectural merit.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
North Ipswich, Queensland
Railway buildings and structures
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Warehouses in Queensland
The Sheikh Mujib family () is a prominent Bangladeshi political dynasty, which primarily consists of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Sheikh Hasina and their relatives.
The Sheikh Mujib family is the most powerful family In Bangladesh. Their political involvement has traditionally revolved around the Bangladesh Awami League.
Family origin
The first Sheikh family member to come to Bengal was Sheikh Awwal. He was originally from Baghdad but settled in Chittagong in the 15th century, after he visited the region to preach Islam. He was married to a Bengali woman from Sonargaon and settled over there with his wife. His son, Sheikh Zahiruddin, married a girl from the Khandakar family of Kandirpar and settled there with his family. Many years later, he moved to Kolkata with his son Sheikh Jan Mahmud, since their wholesale business was based there. Sheikh Jan Mahmud's son, Sheikh Borhanuddin, continued to run that wholesale business and eventually shifted back to East Bengal. He married a girl from the Kazi family of Tungipara and permanently settled there. His son was Sheikh Qudratullah, who in turn had three sons: Sheikh Abdul Majid, Sheikh Abdul Hamid, and Sheikh Abdul Rashid. Sheikh Abdul Hamid was the father of Sheikh Lutfar Rahman and the paternal grandfather of both Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and his wife Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib, while Sheikh Abdul Majid was the father of Sheikh Sayera Khatun and the maternal grandfather of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. Sheikh Mujib and Begum Mujib's daughter, Sheikh Hasina, married M. A. Wazed in 1968 and adopted his surname, thus introducing the Wazed surname to the Sheikh family.
Family tree
Early ancestors
Family of Sheikh Lutfar Rahman and Sheikh Sayera Khatun
Family of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and Sheikh Fazilatunnesa
Family of Sheikh Fatema Begum
Family of Sheikh Asia Begum
Family of Sheikh Amena Begum and Abdur Rab Serniabat
Family of Sheikh Abu Naser and Begum Razia Naser Dolly
Family of Khadijah Hossain Lily and ATM Syed Hossain
Other relatives
Sheikh Abdul Rashid: He was the son of Sheikh Qudratullah, brother of both Sheikh Abdul Majid and Sheikh Abdul Hamid, paternal uncle of both Sheikh Lutfar Rahman and Sheikh Sayera Khatun, and paternal granduncle of both Sheikh Mujib and Begum Mujib. He was given the title of "Khan Saheb" by the erstwhile ruling British.
Sheikh Mosharraf Hossain: He was a paternal uncle of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. He was a member of the legislative assembly of Pakistan. He was given the title of “Khan Saheb” by the erstwhile ruling [ British Raj]. After independence he became a member of parliament from Gopalganj.
Sheikh Kabir Hossain: Son of Sheikh Mosharraf Hossain and founder of the Fareast International University in Dhaka.
Sheikh Nadir Hossain: Son of Sheikh Mosharraf Hossain Chairman of Milkvita Bangladesh.
Sheikh Shahidul Islam: Nephew of Sheikh Fazilatunnesa and cousin of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.
Shahid Serniabat: He was the nephew of Abdur Rab Serniabat and Sheikh Fazilatunnesa. He was Sheikh Hasina's first-cousin (through her mother) and also her second-cousin (since her parents were first-cousins, Shahid's father and her father were therefore first-cousins). He was killed along with his uncle and cousins in 1975.
General Mustafizur Rahman: He was married to a cousin of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. He served as the Chief of Army Staff from December 1997 to December 2000. General Rahman was one of the people (including his niece Sheikh Hasina) involved in the Mig-29 corruption scandal.
Mominul Haque Khoka: He was a first-cousin of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman (his mother was the sister of Sheikh Lutfar Rahman, Mujib's father) and a freedom fighter. Khoka died in 2014 at the age of 81 in Singapore, leaving behind a son and a daughter. His daughter, Farhana Haque, is married to Romo Rouf Chowdhury (son of A. Rouf Chowdhury, the founder of Rangs Group) a Bangladeshi businessman.
Sheikh Akram Hossain (Freedom Fighter and Politician) brother of Begum Fazilatunnesa and cousin of (Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib) & Uncle of Sheikh Hasina. Akram died in 2009. Leaving behind his children- Sheikh Milly, Sheikh Molly, Sheikh Hera & Sheikh Shafin they are first-cousins of Sheikh Hasina through Begum Fazilatunnesa Mujib. Washif Hossain & Sheikh Tanzid Islam (Grandsons of Sheikh Akram Hossain & Nephews of Sheikh Hasina)
Photos
See also
Political families of the world
References
Sheikh Mujibur Rahman family
Bengali families
Bengali politicians
Muslim families
Bangladeshi families
Bangladeshi people of Arab descent
ERENET (Entrepreneurship Research and Education NETwork of Central European Universities) is an open-ended research and development network aiming at carrying out research on entrepreneurship and developing entrepreneurial curricula and teaching materials among the Central- and Eastern European high-schools and academic universities. The network is based on a partnership relation among its members.
History
ERENET was established in 2005 at the initiative of Péter Szirmai (1947-2013), among others, following the suggestion of the Expert Meeting on "Good Governance for SMEs" organized in April 2004 by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe. The network is moderated by Antal Szabó. Currently, ERENET has 190 academic members from 43 countries.
Aims of ERENET and its main fields of activities
In order to realise its objectives, the network has undertaken the following actions:
Creation of an international network of higher education on teaching and investigating entrepreneurship
Providing exchange of information, making each other acquainted with their curriculum and research
Elaboration and implementation of common research projects
Collect best practices on entrepreneurial education, elaborate new syllabus and curriculum on entrepreneurship
Provide policy advise in the field of national entrepreneurship and SME policies, especially in such regions as Central and Eastern Europe, Black Sea Economic Cooperation, and South-Eastern Europe
Organising conferences, workshops, seminars in the field of entrepreneurship and SME-development issues, e.g. for the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation in cooperation with Konrad Adenauer Foundation, in cooperation with European Council of Small Business and Entrepreneurship (ECSB), etc.
Promotion of exchange of their professors, researchers, and possibly students
Develop an Internet-based quarterly publication called ERENET Profile which is collected in the Library of Congress as a reliable information source on enterprise development in Eastern and South Eastern Europe.
Legal status
According to international practice, ERENET is an international unregistered non-profit non-governmental organization. Members participate in specific projects, support each other's events, and contribute with their scientific research results and publications to common intellectual capital. The coordination of the international network is undertaken by the Hungarian membership organisation. The managing agent (called Permanent Secretariat) is the Small Business Development Centre at the Corvinus University of Budapest. The network is moderated and the activities are organized by the Scientific Director of the ERENET. In 2009, the Institut Ekonomskih Nauka (Institute for Economic Sciences, Belgrade) became the ERENET South-Eastern Secretariat. The Plenary Organization is the Annual Meeting. ERENET has an Executive Board which consists of the members of the International Board of the periodical ERENET Profile. There is no membership fee in the network. The free of charge membership significantly contributed that members from the CIS and SEE countries could join ERENET.
References
Further reading
Small and Medium-sized Enterprises in the Caucasian Countries in Transition. UNECE, Geneva, 2006 by Antal Szabó.
Strategies for the Development of Entrepreneurship and the SME Sector in the Black Sea Economic Cooperation Region. Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung. Istanbul, November 2007.
Zsuzsanna Katalin Szabó, Antal Szabó, Comparative Study on Entrepreneurship Education. National Case Studies. Kosice (Slovakia), 2009.
Antal Szabó (ed.), Emerging entrepreneurship and the policy development in the BSEC after the economic crises. Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung. Ankara, 2012, .
External links
ERENET in Hungarian
College and university associations and consortia in Europe
Corvinus University of Budapest
Business organizations based in Europe
Hermitage Capital Management is an investment fund and asset management company specializing in Russian markets founded by Bill Browder and Edmond Safra. Chief operating officer is Ivan Cherkasov. Hermitage Capital Management headquarters are in Guernsey, it also maintains offices in the Cayman Islands, London and Moscow.
Its main investment fund, the Hermitage Fund created in 1996, was rated as extremely successful after earning 2,697% between 1996 and December 2007.
Hermitage describe themselves as an activist fund. Its tactics include the exposure of corporate corruption in the companies it is holding, in the hope of improving managerial behaviour and lessen the significant discount that corruption has on share prices. Most famously, Hermitage has helped to expose several high-profile cases of corruption in Russia's largest company Gazprom between 1998 and 2000. In October 2000, Hermitage reported that "investors are valuing this company as if 99 percent of its assets have been stolen. The real figure is around 10 percent so that's good news."
In April 2007, the firm launched Hermitage Global, an activist fund focused on global emerging markets.
Since 2015, Hermitage has operated as a family office hedge fund based in London, having returned outside capital to investors. The focus of the fund is still in emerging markets.
Conflict with Russian government
Although the fund's founder William Browder was a supporter of Russian president Vladimir Putin, in November 2005 he was blacklisted by the Russian government as a "threat to national security" and denied entry to the country. According to publication in The Economist, the fund was blacklisted because its management interfered with the flow of money to "corrupt bureaucrats and their businessmen accomplices" in Russia.
In April 2008, because three of Hermitage Capital's subsidiaries had been placed under control of Boily Systems, which is a British Virgin Islands (BVI) company that CTL established in 2007 for G.S.L. Law & Consulting which is a firm in Russia, Hermitage Capital Management sent a letter to Commonwealth Trust Limited (CTL) claiming that thieves had taken control of Hermitage's three subsidiaries. One of the companies, Diron Trade LLP, a stolen Magnitsky company with a Great Britain postal box, assisted in more than $5.8 billion in money laundering transfers between Swedbank's baltic subsidiaries and Danske Bank during 6 months in 2010 and 2011 according to SVT.
As the New York Times reported in 2008, over the next two years, several of his associates and lawyers, as well as their relatives, were victims of crimes, including severe beatings and robberies during which documents were taken. In June 2007, dozens of police officers raided the Moscow offices of Hermitage and its law firm, confiscating documents and computers. When a member of the firm protested that the search was illegal, he was beaten by officers and hospitalized for two weeks. Hermitage became victim of what is known in Russia as "corporate raiding": seizing companies and other assets with the aid of corrupt law enforcement officials and judges. Three Hermitage holdings companies were seized on what the company's lawyers insist are bogus charges.
On 8 October 2008, Hermitage released a video on YouTube accusing Russian police of fraud.
On 16 November 2009, Sergei Magnitsky, a partner of the legal company Firestone Duncan, who was a representative and legal consultant for William Browder in Moscow, having been accused in tax fraud and imprisoned for 11 months, died in prison. In 2013 it was announced that Magnitsky will go on trial posthumously.
Opalesque.TV released a video on 8 February 2010 in which Browder reveals details of Sergey Magnitsky's ordeal during his eleven months in detention. In 2012, Hermitage filed a complaint with Cyprus anti-corruption agency Mokas regarding $31 million funds illegally moved from Russia through a chain banks in Cyprus. However, in 2015, Cyprus police passed the documents to Russian investigators in the alleged tax-evasion case of Magnitsky and Browder, widely described as a set-up.
In 2013, Hermitage closed its Russian fund which in 2005 had over $4 billion in assets under management. In 2013, the fund was evaluated as having less than $60 million in assets. Closing the fund led to a dispute between investors and HSBC which was a manager and trustee of the fund.
In December 2017, Browder and Cherkasov were sentenced in absentia to 9 years and 8 years of imprisonment respectively by a Russian court for tax evasion by Hermitage Capital Management and causing $58 million of damage to the Russian federal budget.
In April 2018, Natalia Veselnitskaya announced that on behalf of the General Prosecutor's Office of the Russian Federation, she was investigating Bill Browder and Hermitage Capital, but denied working for the Kremlin.
In May 2018, Bill Browder praised the Magnitsky amendment to the Proceeds of Crime Act released in the United States calling for "swift and robust action" adding that "top Putin oligarchs should be on that list". Also in May, Browder was briefly detained in Spain when a Russian arrest warrant for extradition placed him on Interpol's Red Notice.
In November 2019, an article published by Der Spiegel detailed a critical account of inconsistencies it claims to have found with Bill Browder's stories.
Notes
References
External links
Hermitage YouTube Video
Foreign Policy Magazine: They Killed My Lawyer. A story of Putin's Russia.
Hedge fund firms in the United Kingdom
Investment management companies of the United Kingdom
Corruption in Russia
Financial services companies established in 1996
British companies established in 1996
Ihu Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Gulf Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Avavu
02. Harevavo
03. Kaivukavu
04. Arehava
05. Kavava
06. Harilarewa
07. Lariau
08. Pakovavu
09. Haruape
11. Lovehoho
12. Ovahuhu
13. Vailala
14. Karokaro
15. Herehere
16. Koialahu
17. Lepokela
18. Akapiru
19. Hepa
20. Heawa
21. Mailava
22. Belepa
84. Ihu Station
References
Local-level governments of Gulf Province
Charles MacIvor (born 23 January 1957) is a British skier. He competed at the 1980 Winter Olympics and the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
British male biathletes
British male cross-country skiers
Olympic biathletes of Great Britain
Olympic cross-country skiers of Great Britain
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
People from Sutherland
Río Jueyes is a barrio in the municipality of Salinas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,360.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Río Jueyes barrio was 1,248.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
Río Jueyes (river)
References
External links
Barrios of Salinas, Puerto Rico
Matanui is a genus of triplefin blennies (family Tripterygiidae), they are endemic to New Zealand.
Species
Chatham deep-water triplefin, Matanui bathytaton (Hardy, 1989)
Deepwater triplefin, Matanui profundum (Fricke & Roberts, 1994)
Etymology
The name Matanui is derived from the Māori words mata meaning "eye" and nui meaning "large", a reference to its large eyes.
References
Tripterygiidae
Wirths is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carl Wirths (1897–1955), German politician
Eduard Wirths (1909–1945), Nazi German SS doctor at Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II
Günter Wirths (1911–2005), German chemist
Harold J. Wirths, politician, Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development (2010–present).
Wallace R. Wirths (1921–2002), former Westinghouse executive, author, newspaper columnist and radio commentator, and benefactor of Upsala College
See also
Wirth, a surname
German-language surnames
PSR J0348+0432 is a pulsar–white dwarf binary system in the constellation Taurus. It was discovered in 2007 with the National Radio Astronomy Observatory's Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope in a drift-scan survey.
In 2013, a mass measurement for this neutron star was announced: slightly over two times the mass of the Sun (). This measurement was done with a combination of radio timing and precise spectroscopy of the white dwarf companion.
This is slightly higher than, but statistically indistinguishable from, the mass of PSR J1614−2230, which was measured using the Shapiro delay. This measurement confirmed the existence of such massive neutron stars using a different measuring technique.
The notable feature of this binary pulsar is its combination of high neutron-star mass and short orbital period: 2 hours and 27 minutes.
This allowed a measurement of the orbital decay due to the emission of gravitational waves, as observed for PSR B1913+16 and PSR J0737−3039.
Background
The first radio pulsar was discovered in 1967 by Jocelyn Bell and her adviser, Antony Hewish using the Interplanetary Scintillation Array. Franco Pacini and Thomas Gold quickly put forth the idea that pulsars are highly magnetized rotating neutron stars, which form as a result of a supernova at the end of the life of stars more massive than about 10 times the mass of the Sun (). The radiation emitted by pulsars is caused by interaction of the plasma surrounding the neutron star with its rapidly rotating magnetic field. This interaction leads to emission "in the pattern of a rotating beacon," as emission escapes along the magnetic poles of the neutron star. The "rotating beacon" property of pulsars arises from the misalignment of their magnetic poles with their rotational poles. Historically, pulsars have been discovered at radio wavelengths where emission is strong, but space telescopes that operate in the gamma ray wavelengths have also discovered pulsars.
Observations
In 2007, the Green Bank Telescope underwent track repair, and was unable to track for several months. An international team of astronomers was nevertheless able to record the data from the antenna, letting the Earth do the job of moving the beam of the telescope across the sky, a process known as a drift scan survey. They found a total of 35 new pulsars, including 7 new millisecond pulsars and PSR J0348+0432.
In 2011 the white dwarf companion to the pulsar was observed with the FORS2 spectrograph of the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope, in Chile. These data were combined with radio observations to determine the mass of the white dwarf and the pulsar. Radio timing of the pulsar with the 305-m radio telescope at the Arecibo Observatory and the Effelsberg 100-m Radio Telescope soon also detected the orbital decay of the system due to the emission of gravitational waves. This matched the rate predicted by general relativity.
Significance
The combination of a large neutron-star mass, low white-dwarf mass (mass ratio ~ 1:11.7) and short orbital period (2 hours and 27 minutes) allows astronomers to test general relativity in a regime of extreme gravitational fields, where it has never been tested before. The result also has implications for the direct detection of gravitational waves and for understanding of stellar evolution. The measured mass of puts an empirical lower bound on the value of the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff limit.
PSR J0348+0432 is also a candidate for a hyperon star, a massive neutron star containing hyperons.
Notes
References
Taurus (constellation)
Pulsars
06.9
White dwarfs
Binary stars
Siril is a software application for astrophotography, which allows pre-processing and processing of images from any type of camera (CCD, planetary camera, webcam etc.). The images must be converted to 32-bit FITS format which is the format used natively by Siril. It is also possible to use the SER format (limited to 16 bits), generally used during "fast" planetary or deep sky acquisitions, without prior conversion.
It is based on the GNOME environment and therefore can be run on many systems like Linux, FreeBSD, macOS, and Windows.
It is free software distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL.
History
The project was launched in 2005 by François Meyer. Siril was initially developed as a clone of Christian Buil's IRIS software, in order to overcome the lack of astronomical image processing software under the Linux system; hence the name SIRI-L (IRIS for Linux). A new team took over development of the project in 2012 after a pause from 2007.
Features
Siril allows the conversion of a large number of formats (images or videos) to FITS.
The calibration, alignment and stacking of astronomical images is done by navigating through the tabs of the "control center". However, an algorithm for the automatic detection and correction of defective pixels is available off the tab, in the Image processing menu.
Since version 0.9.7, the global alignment which uses a recognized algorithm for this task has been added an optimization method thanks to the OpenCV library. In fact, Siril's automatic alignment allows to align images obtained with instruments of different focal lengths.
Some image processing algorithms are available in the standard menu, such as Histogram Transformation, Color Calibration, and Banding Reduction
Siril has a photometric analysis tool. Therefore, it is possible to study the transits of exoplanets, the variability of stars or even occultations. This tool requires the installation of gnuplot.
Since version 0.9.9, the ability to create scripts has been integrated into Siril. All you have to do is drop script files with the extension in a folder named 'scripts' and whose location is defined in the program's settings. After a restart, a new menu entry appears and allows the execution of the installed scripts. Preprocessing + alignment + stacking can thus be fully automated.
Since version 0.9.9, it is also possible to launch Siril through the console and run a script without the GUI. This can be useful when piloting a telescope remotely and only want to recover the pre-processed image. For example, entering the following command in a terminal runs the Processing.ssf script in the M31 images directory:
siril -s ~/.siril/scripts/Traitememnt.ssf -d ~/Images/M31
Version 0.9.10 allows commands to be sent through one named pipe while logs and status can be obtained through another. The mode is activated the command line argument -p.
Native file formats
FITS
Currently, Siril works internally with 32-bit FITS floating point images. Users can configure the program to work in unsigned 16-bit FITS format, in order to save computation time and disk space at the expense of image accuracy. Compression of FITS images is supported since version 0.99.4.
SER
The SER file format is a simple image sequence format, similar to uncompressed movies. Files in this format, widely preferred by astrophotographers in planetary imaging, do not need to be converted and can be edited on the fly.
Screenshot gallery
References
Astronomy software
Astrophotography
GNOME Applications
Free software
The Auto Shopper Magazine was established by Showcase Publications, Inc. of Toms River, New Jersey in 1978. In 1991, after expanding throughout the Northeast, the Auto Shopper established a second branch in Lakeland, Florida. The magazine is published weekly and is distributed free of charge.
References
External links
1978 establishments in New Jersey
Automobile magazines published in the United States
Consumer magazines
Free magazines
Magazines established in 1978
Magazines published in New Jersey
Weekly magazines published in the United States
Sumiya (; Dargwa: Сумиямахьи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Duakarsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 149 as of 2010.
Geography
Sumiya is located 36 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Duakar and Karbuchimakhi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Stade Pierre Brisson is a multi-use stadium in Beauvais, France. It is used mostly for football matches and serves as the home stadium for AS Beauvais Oise. The stadium is able to hold 10,178 spectators.
External links
World Stadiums entry
Pierre Brisson
AS Beauvais Oise
Sports venues in Oise
Collaborative tagging, also known as social tagging or folksonomy, allows users to apply public tags to online items, typically to make those items easier for themselves or others to find later. It has been argued that these tagging systems can provide navigational cues or "way-finders" for other users to explore information. The notion is that given that social tags are labels users create to represent topics extracted from online documents, the interpretation of these tags should allow other users to predict the contents of different documents efficiently. Social tags are arguably more important in exploratory search, in which the users may engage in iterative cycles of goal refinement and exploration of new information (as opposed to simple fact-retrievals), and interpretation of information contents by others will provide useful cues for people to discover topics that are relevant.
One significant challenge that arises in social tagging systems is the rapid increase in the number and diversity of tags. As opposed to structured annotation systems, tags provide users an unstructured, open-ended mechanism to annotate and organize web content. As users are free to create any tag to describe any resource, it leads to what is referred to as the vocabulary problem. Because users may use different words to describe the same document or extract different topics from the same document based on their own background knowledge, the lack of any top-down mediation may lead to an increase in the use of incoherent tags to represent the information resources in the system. In other words, the lack of structure inherent in social tags may hinder their potential as navigational cues for searchers because the diversities of users and their motivation may lead to diminishing tag-topic relations as the system grows. However, a number of studies have shown that structures do emerge at the semantic level – indicating that there are cohesive forces driving the emergent structures in a social tagging system.
Distinction between descriptive and predictive models
Just like any social phenomena, behavioral patterns in social tagging systems can be characterized by either a descriptive or predictive model. While descriptive models ask the question of "what", predictive models go deeper to also ask the question of "why" by attempting to provide explanations for the aggregate behavioral patterns. While there may be no general agreement on what an acceptable explanation should be like, many believe that a good explanation should have a certain level of predictive accuracy.
Descriptive models typically are not concerned with explaining the actions of individuals. Instead, they focus on describing the patterns that emerge as individual behavior is aggregated in a large social information system. Predictive models, however, attempt to explain aggregate patterns by analyzing how individuals interact and link to each other in ways that bring about similar or different emergent patterns of social behavior. In particular, a mechanism-based predictive model assumes a certain set of rules governing how individuals interact with each other, and understand how these interactions could produce aggregate patterns as observed and characterized by descriptive models. Predictive models can therefore provide explanations to why different system characteristics may lead to different aggregate patterns, and can therefore potentially provide information on how systems should be designed to achieve different social purposes.
Descriptive models
Information theory models
For most tagging systems, the total number of objects being tagged far exceeds the total number of tags in the collective vocabulary. If a single tag in this system is specified, many documents would match, so that using single tags cannot effectively isolate any one document. However, some documents are more popular or important than others, which is reflected in the number of bookmarks per document. Thus, the focus should be on how well the mapping of tags to documents retains information about the distribution of the documents. Information theory provides a framework to understand the amount of shared information between two random variables. The conditional entropy measures the amount of entropy remaining in one random variable when the value of a second random variable is known.
A 2008 paper by Ed Chi and Todd Mytkowicz showed that the entropy of documents conditional on tags, H(D|T), is increasing rapidly. This suggests that, even after knowing completely the value of a tag, the entropy of the set of documents is increasing over time. Conditional entropy asks the question: "Given that a set of tags is known, how much uncertainty remains regarding the document set referenced by those tags?" This curve is strictly increasing, which suggests that the specificity of any given tag is decreasing. As a navigation aid, tags are becoming harder and harder to use, and a single tag will gradually reference too many documents to be considered useful.
Another approach is through mutual information, a measure of independence between two variables. Full independence is reached when I(D;T) = 0. Chi and Mytkowicz's research shows that as a measure of usefulness of tags and their encoding, there is a worsening trend in the ability of users to specify and find tags and documents when they are engaged in simple fact retrieval. This suggests that search and recommendation systems should be built to help users sift through resources in social tagging systems, especially when they are engaged in activities beyond fact retrieval, as characterized by information theory. Although the number of documents associated with any given tag is increasing, there are many ways contextual information can help users to look for relevant information. This is one of the major weakness of the simple information theory in explaining usefulness of tags – it ignores how humans can extract meanings from a set of tags assigned to a document. For example, a 2007 paper showed that while the number of tags is increasing, the general growth pattern is scale-free – the general distribution of tag-tag co-occurrences follows a power law.
The same paper also found that the characteristics of this scale-free distribution depend on the semantics of the tag – tags that are semantically general (e.g., blogs) tend to co-occur with many tags, while semantically narrow tags (e.g., Ajax) tend to co-occur with few tags across a wide set of documents in a social tagging system. This suggests that the assumption of the information theory approach is too simple – when taking into account the semantics of the set of tags assigned to documents, the predictive value of tags on contents of documents is relatively stable. This finding is important for development of recommender systems – discovering these higher-level semantic patterns is important in helping people find relevant information.
Tag convergence
Despite this potential vocabulary problem, research has found that at the aggregate level, tagging behavior seemed relatively stable, and that the tag choice proportions seemed to be converging rather than diverging. While these observations provided evidence against the proposed vocabulary problem, they also initiated research investigating how and why tag proportions tended to converge over time.
One explanation for the stability was that there was an inherent propensity for users to "imitate" word use of others as they create tags. This propensity may act as a form of social cohesion that fosters the coherence of tag-topic relations in the system, and leads to stability in the system. It was shown that the stochastic urn model created in 1923 was useful in explaining how simple imitation behavior at the individual level could explain the converging usage patterns of tags. Specifically, the convergence of tag choices was simulated by a process in which a colored ball was randomly selected from an urn, then replaced in the urn along with an additional ball of the same color, simulating the probabilistic nature of tag reuse. This simple model, however, does not explain why certain tags would be "imitated" more often than others, and therefore cannot provide a realistic mechanism for tag choices and how social tags could be used as navigational cues during exploratory search.
Complex systems dynamics and emergent vocabularies
Research based on data from the social bookmarking website Del.icio.us has shown that collaborative tagging systems exhibit a form of complex systems (or self-organizing) dynamics. Furthermore, although there is no central, controlled vocabulary to constrain the actions of individual users, the distributions of tags that describe different resources has been shown to converge over time to a stable, power-law distribution. Once such stable distributions form, the correlations between different tags can be used to construct simple folksonomy graphs, which can be partitioned to obtain a form of community or shared vocabularies. Such vocabularies can be seen as emerging from the decentralized actions of many users – a form of crowdsourcing.
Tag choice by stochastic process
The memory-based Yule-Simon (MBYS) model attempts to explain tag choices by a stochastic process. It was found that the temporal order of tag assignment influences users' tag choices. Similar to the stochastic urn model, the MBYS model assumes that at each step, a tag would be randomly sampled: with probability that the sampled tag was new, and with probability 1- that the sampled tag was copied from existing tags. When copying, the probability of selecting a tag was assumed to decay with time, and this decay function was found to follow a power-law distribution. Thus, tags that were more recently used had a higher probability of being reused.
One major finding was that semantically general tags (e.g., "blog") generally co-occurred more frequently with other tags than semantically narrower tags (e.g., "Ajax"), and this difference could be captured by the decay function of tag reuse in their model. Specifically, it was found that a slower decay parameter (when the tag is reused more often) could explain the phenomenon that semantically general tags tended to co-occur with a larger set of tags. In other words, it was argued that the "semantic breadth" of a tag could be modeled by a memory decay function, which could lead to different emergent behavioral patterns in a tagging system.
Predictive models
Semantic imitation model
Descriptive models were based on analyses of word-word relations as revealed by the various statistical structures in the organization of tags (e.g., how likely one tag would co-occur with other tags or how likely each tag was reused over time). Thus, these models are descriptive models at the aggregate level, and have little to offer about predictions at the level of an individual's interface interactions and cognitive processes.
Rather than imitating other users at the word level, one possible explanation for this kind of social cohesion could be grounded on the natural tendency for people to process tags at the semantic level, and it was at this level of processing that most of the imitation occurred. This explanation was supported by research in the area of reading comprehension, which showed that during comprehension, people tended to be influenced by meanings of words rather than the words themselves. Assuming that people in the same culture tend to have shared structures – such as using similar vocabularies and their corresponding meanings to conform and communicate, users of the same social tagging system may also share similar semantic representations of words and concepts, even when the use of tags may vary across individuals at the word level. As such, part of the reason for the stability of social tagging systems can be attributed to the shared semantic representations among the users, such that users may have relatively stable and coherent interpretation of information contents and tags as they interact with the system. Based on this assumption, the semantic imitation model predicts how different semantic representations may lead to differences in individual tag choices and eventually different emergent properties at the aggregate behavioral level. The model also predicts that the folksonomies in the system reflect the shared semantic representations of the users.
Semantic imitation has important implications to the general vocabulary problem in information retrieval and human–computer interaction – the creation of a large number of diverse tags to describe the same set of information resources. Semantic imitation implies that the unit of communication among users is more likely at the semantic level rather than the word level. Thus, although there may not be strong coherence in the choice of words in describing a resource, at the semantic level, there seems to be a stronger coherence force that guides the convergence of descriptive indices. This is in sharp contrast to conclusions derived based on a purely information-theoretical approach, which assumes that humans search and evaluate information at the word level. Instead, the process of semantic imitation in social tagging implies that the information-theoretic approach is at most incomplete, as it does not take into account the basic unit of human information processing. Similar to the fact that human communication occurs at the semantic level, the fact that people may use different words or syntax does not affect the effectiveness of communication, so long as the underlying "common ground" between two people is the same.
In the social tagging case, as long as users share a similar understanding of the contents of the information resources, the fact that the information value of tag-document decreases (that humans have more words in their languages) does not imply that it will always be harder to find relevant information (similarly, the fact that there are an increasing number words in human languages does not mean that communication becomes less effective). However, it does point to the notion that one needs to effectively present these semantic structures in the information system so that people can effectively interpret the semantics of the tagged documents. Intelligent techniques based on statistical models of language, such as latent semantic analysis and the probabilistic topics model, could potentially overcome this vocabulary problem.
See also
Folksonomy
Crowdsourcing
Collaborative filtering
Knowledge tagging
Social collaboration
Hashtag
References
Social bookmarking
Emergence
Crowdsourcing
Collaboration
Folksonomy
News aggregators
Metadata
Mixed quantum-classical (MQC) dynamics is a class of computational theoretical chemistry methods tailored to simulate nonadiabatic (NA) processes in molecular and supramolecular chemistry. Such methods are characterized by:
Propagation of nuclear dynamics through classical trajectories;
Propagation of the electrons (or fast particles) through quantum methods;
A feedback algorithm between the electronic and nuclear subsystems to recover nonadiabatic information.
Use of NA-MQC dynamics
In the Born-Oppenheimer approximation, the ensemble of electrons of a molecule or supramolecular system can have several discrete states. The potential energy of each of these electronic states depends on the position of the nuclei, forming multidimensional surfaces.
Under usual conditions (room temperature, for instance), the molecular system is in the ground electronic state (the electronic state of the lowest energy). In this stationary situation, nuclei and electrons are in equilibrium, and the molecule naturally vibrates near harmonically due to the zero-point energy.
Particle collisions and photons with wavelengths in the range from visible to X-ray can promote the electrons to electronically excited states. Such events create a non-equilibrium between nuclei and electrons, which leads to an ultrafast response (picosecond scale) of the molecular system. During the ultrafast evolution, the nuclei may reach geometric configurations where the electronic states mix, allowing the system to transfer to another state spontaneously. These state transfers are nonadiabatic phenomena.
Nonadiabatic dynamics is the field of computational chemistry that simulates such ultrafast nonadiabatic response.
In principle, the problem can be exactly addressed by solving the time-dependent Schrödinger equation (TDSE) for all particles (nuclei and electrons). Methods like the multiconfigurational self-consistent Hartree (MCTDH) have been developed to do such task. Nevertheless, they are limited to small systems with two dozen degrees of freedom due to the enormous difficulties of developing multidimensional potential energy surfaces and the costs of the numerical integration of the quantum equations.
NA-MQC dynamics methods have been developed to reduce the burden of these simulations by profiting from the fact that the nuclear dynamics is near classical. Treating the nuclei classically allows simulating the molecular system in full dimensionality. The impact of the underlying assumptions depends on each particular NA-MQC method.
Most of NA-MQC dynamics methods have been developed to simulate internal conversion (IC), the nonadiabatic transfer between states of the same spin multiplicity. The methods have been extended, however, to deal with other types of processes like intersystem crossing (ISC; transfer between states of different multiplicities) and field-induced transfers.
NA-MQC dynamics has been often used in theoretical investigations of photochemistry and femtochemistry, especially when time-resolved processes are relevant.
List of NA-MQC dynamics methods
NA-MQC dynamics is a general class of methods developed since the 1970s. It encompasses:
Trajectory surface hopping (TSH; FSSH for fewest switches surface hopping);
Mean-field Ehrenfest dynamics (MFE);
Coherent Switching with Decay of Mixing (CSDM; MFE with Non-Markovian decoherence and stochastic pointer state switch);
Multiple spawning (AIMS for ab initio multiple spawning; FMS for full multiple spwaning);
Coupled-Trajectory Mixed Quantum-Classical Algorithm (CT-MQC);
Mixed quantum−classical Liouville equation (QCLE);
Mapping approach;
Nonadiabatic Bohmian dynamics (NABDY);
Multiple cloning; (AIMC for ab initio multiple cloning)
Global Flux Surface Hopping (GFSH);
Decoherence Induced Surface Hopping (DISH)
Integration of NA-MQC dynamics
Classical trajectories
The classical trajectories can be integrated with conventional methods, as the Verlet algorithm. Such integration requires the forces acting on the nuclei. They are proportional to the gradient of the potential energy of the electronic states and can be efficiently computed with diverse electronic structure methods for excited states, like the multireference configuration interaction (MRCI) or the linear-response time-dependent density functional theory (TDDFT).
In NA-MQC methods like FSSH or MFE, the trajectories are independent of each other. In such a case, they can be separately integrated and only grouped afterward for the statistical analysis of the results. In methods like CT-MQC or diverse TSH variants, the trajectories are coupled and must be integrated simultaneously.
Electronic subsystem
In NA-MQC dynamics, the electrons are usually treated by a local approximation of the TDSE, i.e., they depend only on the electronic forces and couplings at the instantaneous position of the nuclei.
Nonadiabatic algorithms
There are three basic algorithms to recover nonadiabatic information in NA-MQC methods:
Spawning - new trajectories are created at regions of large nonadiabatic coupling.
Hopping - trajectories are propagated on a single potential energy surface (PES), but they are allowed to change surface near regions of large nonadiabatic couplings.
Averaging - trajectories are propagated on a weighted average of potential energy surfaces. The weights are determined by the amount of nonadiabatic mixing.
Relation to other nonadiabatic methods
NA-MQC dynamics are approximated methods to solve the time-dependent Schrödinger equation for a molecular system. Methods like TSH, in particular in the fewest switches surface hopping (FSSH) formulation, do not have an exact limit. Other methods like MS or CT-MQC can in principle deliver the exact non-relativistic solution.
In the case of multiple spawning, it is hierarchically connected to MCTDH, while CT-MQC is connected to the exact factorization method.
Drawbacks in NA-MQC dynamics
The most common approach in NA-MQC dynamics is to compute the electronic properties on-the-fly, i.e., at each timestep of the trajectory integration. Such an approach has the advantage of not requiring pre-computed multidimensional potential energy surfaces. Nevertheless, the costs associated with the on-the-fly approach are significantly high, leading to a systematic level downgrade of the simulations. This downgrade has been shown to lead to qualitatively wrong results.
The local approximation implied by the classical trajectories in NA-MQC dynamics also leads to failing in the description of non-local quantum effects, as tunneling and quantum interference. Some methods like MFE and FSSH are also affected by decoherence errors. New algorithms have been developed to include tunneling and decoherence effects. Global quantum effects can also be considered by applying quantum forces between trajectories.
Software for NA-MQC dynamics
Survey of NA-MQC dynamics implementations in public software.
a Development version.
References
Computational chemistry
Zavino () is a small village in the hills south of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name
Zavino was first attested in written sources in 1763–87 as Svina. The name is derived from *Svinjino (selo)—literally, 'pig (village)'—indicating that the people of the village raised pigs. The form Zavino was an artificial modification of the name to avoid the association with pigs, but the original root is still preserved in the name of Svinjšček Creek, which runs west of the village. Local variations of the village name include Svinino, Svinno, and (dissimilated) Svilno. See also Sinja Gorica, Svino, and Vinje pri Moravčah for similar names.
References
External links
Zavino at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Ajdovščina
Presidential elections were held in the Maldives on 16 October 1998. Maumoon Abdul Gayoom was the sole candidate nominated by Parliament. His candidacy was approved by 90.9% of voters, with a turnout of 76%.
Results
References
Maldives
1998 in the Maldives
Presidential elections in the Maldives
Single-candidate elections
October 1998 events in Asia
Duraid Munajim is a Toronto-based film director and a freelance cinematographer.
Career
Munajim is an Iraqi-Persian born in Kuwait in 1972, to an Iraqi Arab father and Iranian Persian mother. Duraid was 17 years of age when his family immigrated to Canada. He began studying anthropology at Vanier College, Montreal but had later received his BFA in film production in 1997 from Concordia University, in Montreal in which he made his thesis film, Tempus Fugit.
His work has been screened in festivals around the world, including IDFA in Amsterdam, Dokfest in Munich, as well as festivals in Switzerland, Lebanon, France, and across the U.S. and Canada.
A short documentary that titled "what I've lost" was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival, Montreal Nouveau film fest, Gulf Film Festival and others. Another of his works, exile & empire: 20 shorts on Iraq, is an experimental 'essay-driven' documentary on Iraq, past and up to the U.S. invasion of 2003, told through a series of short films.
In 2007 Duraid worked as one of the principal camera operators on The Hurt Locker, which ended up winning multiple awards internationally, including Best Picture at the 2010 Oscar awards. In 2011 he served as Director of Photography on Buzkashi Boys, which was nominated for best live action short at the 2013 Oscars. In 2012 Duraid worked again with Kathryn Bigelow on Zero Dark Thirty as a principal camera operator.
Selected filmography
Zero Dark Thirty (2012)
Son of Babylon (2010)
The Hurt Locker (2009) (camera operator)
Les jeux d'enfants (2008)
What I've Lost (2008)
Next: A Primer on Urban Painting (2005)
Lower East Side Stories (2005)
Acrobats and Maniacs (2004) (TV)
All the Ships at Sea (2004)
Rings (2004)
Fire Watch (2003)
19. (2003)
Solo (2003)
Entre-temps à Beyrouth (2002)
References
External links
Official Site
Living people
1972 births
Concordia University alumni
Iraqi film directors
Iranian film directors
Iraqi cinematographers
Iranian cinematographers
Iraqi emigrants to Canada
Iranian emigrants to Canada
Iranian people of Iraqi descent
Awka South'' Local Government Area (LGA) is made up of nine towns, namely, Amawbia, Awka, Ezinato, Isiagu, Mbaukwu, Nibo, Nise, Okpuno and Umuawulu. There are three major streets that span this area, which are the Zik Avenue, Works Road and Arthur Eze Avenue. In the past, the people of Awka South LGA were well known for blacksmithing. Today they are respected among the Igbo people of Nigeria for their technical and business skills.Awka is a town in Awka south local government area. It is the seat of government and has a lot of prominent people both home and abroad. While Amawbia is home to the state house i.e. Governor's lodge and the State Prisons. Nise has notable infrastructures like WAEC (West African examination council) state head office and St. Paul University college situated there.
Isiagu community is a town in Awka south local government area. It is one of the agricultural areas in the state with rich fertile soil for farming. It is believed to be one of the ancient towns in south eastern Nigeria (igbo land).
Isiagu community have had two traditional rulers till date. The current traditional ruler is Igwe Augustine Nwankwo (igwe agu 1 of Isiagu).
Isiagu has two primary schools and one secondary school. The community has a history of peaceful coinhibition and strong cultural heritage,Isiagu till today still maintains its culture and traditions.
Schools
Awka south local Government area is the location of Nnamdi Azikiwe University
Here is the list of secondary schools in Awka South Local Government Area:
Bishop Crowther Seminary, Awka
Igwebuike Grammar Secondary School, Awka
St. John of God School, Awka
Girls Secondary School, Awka
Community Secondary School, Umuokpu
Capital City Secondary School, Awka
Kenneth Dike Memorial Secondary School, Awka
Ezi-Awka Community Secondary School, Awka
Community Secondary School, Okpuno
Nneoma * Community Secondary School, Nibo
Community Secondary School, Mbaukwu
Emeka Aghasili High School, Nise
Community Secondary School, Agulu-Awka
Community Secondary School, Amawbia
Union Secondary School, Umuawulu
Union Secondary School, Amawbia
Ezike High School, Nibo
Holy Cross High School, Umuawulu Mbaukwu
Community Secondary School, Isiagu
Krosa Model Schools, Amawbia
Nnamdi Azikiwe University Nibo''' is a town in Awka South, Anambra State, Nigeria. Its geographical coordinates are 6° 10' 0" North, 7° 4' 0" East.
References
Local Government Areas in Anambra State dated July 21, 2007; accessed October 4, 2007
Local Government Areas in Anambra State
Local Government Areas in Igboland
Ido Ekiti is a town in the Ido-Osi Local Government Area of Ekiti State, Nigeria. It is situated in the northern part of the state where the routes from Oyo, Osun and Kwara states respectively converge. Ido-Ekiti is the headquarters of the Ido-Osi local council. It is bounded in the east by Ipere and Iludun, in the south by Igbole and Ifinsin and in the north and northwest by Usi Ekiti and Ilogbo Ekiti.
Health care
The major hospital in Ido Ekiti is the Federal Teaching Hospital. It is a Federal Government-owned primary, secondary and tertiary health service provider and clinical training institution in Nigeria. The hospital is one of the fastest-growing teaching hospitals in the country. It was established in 1998 to provide affordable, high quality and accessible care to every state of the federation, particularly to the people in the Ekiti State and its surroundings.
References
Populated places in Ekiti State
Des Moines County is located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 38,910. The county seat and largest city is Burlington. It is one of Iowa's two original counties along with Dubuque County; both were organized by the Michigan Territorial legislature in 1834.
Des Moines County is part of the Burlington, IA–IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Des Moines County should not be confused with the city of Des Moines, which is the capital of Iowa. Des Moines County sits on Iowa's eastern border alongside the Mississippi River. The city of Des Moines is in Polk County in central Iowa. Both places derive their name from the Des Moines River, which flows through the city of Des Moines and originally flowed through the county. When the county was divided early in Iowa's history, the river ended up further west, forming the border between Lee County, Iowa and the state of Missouri.
History
At an extra session of the Sixth Legislative Assembly of Michigan Territory held in September, 1834, the Iowa District was divided into two counties by running a line due west from the lower end of Rock Island in the Mississippi River. The territory north of this line (which started just south of the present-day Davenport) was named Dubuque County, and all south of it was Demoine County. It was named after the Des Moines River. From July 3, 1836, until July 3, 1838, Des Moines County was part of Wisconsin Territory. The county underwent various border changes during this time. July 4, 1838, the named county became part of Iowa Territory (later the state of Iowa).
The current Des Moines County Court House was completed in 1940. The Iowa Army Ammunition Plant was also established in 1940.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.2%) is water. The Mississippi River forms the east border; Skunk River, the south border; and the county is drained by Flint Creek.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 61
Airport
The Southeast Iowa Regional Airport (IATA code BRL), is located on the southern side of Burlington. Commercial service is provided through Air Choice One. This service offers two weekday daily flights to St. Louis and Chicago, while offering single flights on weekends.
Adjacent counties
Louisa County (north)
Hancock County, Illinois (southeast)
Henderson County, Illinois (east)
Lee County (south)
Henry County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 38,910 in the county, with a population density of . 94.26% of the population reported being of one race. 82.03% were non-Hispanic White, 6.51% were Black, 3.20% were Hispanic, 0.20% were Native American, 1.04% were Asian, 0.06% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 6.97% were some other race or more than one race. There were 18,782 housing units of which 16,751 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 40,325 in the county, with a population density of . There were 18,535 housing units, of which 17,003 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 42,351 people, 17,270 households, and 11,536 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 18,643 housing units at an average density of 45 per square mile (17/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.69% White, 3.57% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.59% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.68% from other races, and 1.18% from two or more races. 1.75% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 17,270 households, out of which 29.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.70% were married couples living together, 10.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.20% were non-families. 28.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 26.10% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 16.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,790, and the median income for a family was $45,089. Males had a median income of $34,880 versus $22,530 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,701. About 8.20% of families and 10.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.30% of those under age 18 and 7.40% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Burlington
Danville
Mediapolis
Middletown
West Burlington
Census-designated places
Augusta
Beaverdale
Kingston
Oak Hills
Sperry
Yarmouth
Other unincorporated communities
Dodgeville
Townships
Benton
Concordia
Danville
Flint River
Franklin
Huron
Jackson
Pleasant Grove
Tama
Union
Washington
Yellow Springs
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Des Moines County.
† county seat
Politics
From 1896 through 1960, Des Moines County was a primarily Republican county, backing Democratic nominees only four times in the period (Woodrow Wilson in 1912, with a low plurality; Franklin Roosevelt in his two landslides in 1932 and 1936; and Harry Truman in 1948). From 1964 through 2012, it became a Democratic stronghold, backing the Democratic nominee in every election in this period save in Nixon's 1972 landslide. In 2016, Donald Trump became the first Republican since 1972 to carry the county, despite narrowly losing the overall national popular vote; the county swung over 25% in his favor relative to its 2012 vote. In 2020, Trump again carried the county, with an increased vote share, the first time the county has voted Republican twice in a row since 1956 and 1960.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Des Moines County, Iowa
References
Further reading
External links
County Government website
1834 establishments in Michigan Territory
Populated places established in 1834
Burlington, Iowa micropolitan area
Iowa counties on the Mississippi River
USA-100, also known as GPS IIA-15, GPS II-24 and GPS SVN-36, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the fifteenth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-100 was launched at 03:40:01 UTC on 10 March 1994, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D226, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-100 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 15 April 1994, USA-100 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 716.69 minutes, and 54.9° of inclination to the equator. It broadcasts the PRN 06 signal, and operates in slot 1 of plane C of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years, but it remained in service until 21 February 2014, shortly after the launch of USA-248.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1994
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Mokoia Island is located in Lake Rotorua in New Zealand. It has an area of 1.35 square kilometres. The uninhabited island is a rhyolite lava dome, rising to 180 metres above the lake surface. It was formed after the Rotorua caldera collapsed and rhyolitic magma was pushed through the cracks. One of the cracks was below where Mokoia island is today. The foreshores of the island have geothermal springs with hot spring water forming the Hinemoa pool, known to locals as Waikimihia. It also has very rich volcanic soil, which was why the local Māori grew kūmara on it. The stone statue of Matuatonga on the island protected the island's kūmara crop, and tohunga would bring seed kūmara to touch the statue. It was also a very good strategic location, which was why it was often fought over.
Mokoia Island is privately owned by local Māori iwi, who run it in conjunction with the New Zealand Department of Conservation. It is a bird sanctuary and access is limited to tour parties only. It is home to several rare species, including the North Island kokako, the North Island brown kiwi, and a breeding population of the endangered North Island saddleback.
The island is also the location of regular Mau rākau training camps in the Maori martial art of taiaha.
Hinemoa and Tūtānekai
The island is sacred to Māori of the Te Arawa iwi, and is the location of one of the most famous legends of New Zealand, that of Hinemoa and Tūtānekai, which has parallels with the classical Greek tale of Hero and Leander.
According to legend, the two lovers were forbidden to marry, and Hinemoa's father Umukaria, a chief from the shores of the lake, ordered that she not be allowed to travel by canoe to Tūtānekai's tribal village on the island. Hinemoa decided to swim 3.2 kilometres across the lake to the island, guided by the sound of Tūtānekai's flute-playing. For flotation she wrapped rushes (a type of reed) around her and swam her way to the island. According to another version, she made a flotation device from gourds.
The Te Arawa version of the widely known traditional Maori love song "Pokarekare Ana" references the story of Hinemoa and Tūtānekai. The lyrics imply Hinemoa's crossing the lake to reach Tūtānekai.
See also
Pokarekare Ana
List of volcanoes in New Zealand
List of islands
Desert island
References
External links
Images of Mokoia Island
Taupō Volcanic Zone
Lake islands of New Zealand
Rotorua
Māori mythology
Māori culture
Protected areas of the Bay of Plenty Region
Uninhabited islands of New Zealand
Pleistocene lava domes
Private islands of New Zealand
Rotorua Volcanic Centre
Rift volcanoes
The vitelline masked weaver (Ploceus vitellinus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in western, central and eastern Africa.
References
External links
Vitelline masked weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
vitelline masked weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
vitelline masked weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Richard Miles may refer to:
Richard Miles (diplomat) (born 1937), US diplomat
Richard Miles (historian) (born 1969), British historian and archaeologist
Richard Miles (Tswana catechist), Motswana (Tswana) catechist and preacher in South Africa
Richard Pius Miles (1791–1860), Roman Catholic bishop of Nashville
Dick Miles (1925–2010), American table tennis player
Richard Miles, pen name of Gerald Richard Perreau-Saussine, better known as American child actor Peter Miles (1938–2002)
See also
Rick Miles, Canadian politician
There are at least 126 named mountains in Madison County, Montana.
A P A Mountain, , el.
Bald Mountain, location unknown, el.
Baldy Mountain, , el.
Beaverhead Rock, , el.
Bell Peak, , el.
Big Horn Mountain, , el.
Big Mountain, , el.
Big Sheep Mountain, , el.
Black Butte, , el.
Black Mountain, , el.
Blaze Mountain, , el.
Block Mountain, , el.
Branham Peaks, , el.
Brownback Mountain, , el.
Bucks Nest, , el.
Bulldog Mountain, , el.
Cascade Mountain, , el.
Cave Mountain, , el.
Cedar Mountain, , el.
Circle Mountain, , el.
Cloudrest Peak, , el.
Copper Mountain, , el.
Dead Mountain, , el.
Divide Peakl, , el.
Dougherty Butte, , el.
Dry Lake Mountains, , el.
Dutchman Peak, , el.
East Butte, , el.
Echo Peak, , el.
Elk Mountain, , el.
Fan Mountain, , el.
Finger Mountain, , el.
Flatiron Mountain, , el.
Flatiron Mountain, , el.
Flattop Mountain, , el.
Fossil Peak, , el.
Freezeout Mountain, , el.
Gallatin Peak, , el.
Gold Butte, , el.
Gold Hill, , el.
Granite Mountain, , el.
Granite Peak, , el.
Grassy Mountain, , el.
Hilgard Peak, , el.
Hogback Mountain, , el.
Hollowtop Mountain, , el.
Horse Hill, , el.
Horse Mountain, , el.
Imp Peak, , el.
Ironrod Hills, , el.
Kid Mountain, , el.
Koch Peak, , el.
Lady of the Lake Peak, , el.
Lakeshore Mountain, , el.
Lava Mountain, , el.
Lazyman Hill, , el.
Leggat Mountain, , el.
Lion Mountain, , el.
Little Granite Peak, , el.
Little Sheep Mountain, , el.
Lobo Mesa, , el.
London Hills, , el.
London Peak, , el.
Lone Mountain, , el.
Lonesome Peak, , el.
Long Mountain, , el.
Maltbys Mound, , el.
Manhead Mountain, , el.
Marmot Mountain, , el.
McCartney Mountain, , el.
Middle Mountain, , el.
Mine Peak, , el.
Monument Hill, , el.
Moose Butte, , el.
Mount Bradley, , el.
Mount Carey, , el.
Mount Jackson, , el.
Mount Jefferson, , el.
No Man Peak, , el.
Noble Peak, , el.
Nutters Cathedral Peak, , el.
Old Baldy Mountain, , el.
Olson Peak, , el.
Pioneer Mountain, , el.
Point of Rocks, , el.
Point of Rocks, , el.
Porphyry Mountain, , el.
Potosi Peak, , el.
Queens Hill, , el.
Ramshorn Mountain, , el.
Red Hill, , el.
Red Knob, , el.
Red Mountain, , el.
Red Mountain, , el.
Sentinel Peak, , el.
Shedhorn Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Silica Butte, , el.
Skihi Peak, , el.
Sliderock Mountain, , el.
Smelter Mountain, , el.
Snowcrest Mountain, , el.
South Baldy Mountain, , el.
Specimen Butte, , el.
Sphinx Mountain, , el.
Spuhler Peak, , el.
Spur Mountain, , el.
Stonehouse Mountain, , el.
Strawberry Butte, , el.
Sugar Loaf Mountain, , el.
Sunrise Peak, , el.
Sunset Peak, , el.
Table Mountain, , el.
Table Mountain, , el.
Taylor Peaks, , el.
The Helmet, , el.
The Horn, , el.
Thompson Peak, , el.
Wallace Peak, , el.
Ward Peak, , el.
West Peak, , el.
Windy Hill, , el.
Woodward Mountain, , el.
Woodward Mountain, , el.
See also
List of mountains in Montana
List of mountain ranges in Montana
Notes
Madison
Yannis Voisard (born 26 July 1998) is a Swiss cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team .
Major results
2020
6th Overall Giro Ciclistico d'Italia
2021
7th Overall Giro Ciclistico d'Italia
1st Stage 9
2022
1st Overall Alpes Isère Tour
5th Overall Istrian Spring Trophy
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Swiss male cyclists
Jake Dreyer (born May 2, 1992) is an American musician who is the lead guitarist and songwriter for the progressive metal band Witherfall and former lead guitarist for Iced Earth. He was also a touring and session guitarist for the bands Demons and Wizards, White Wizzard, and Kobra and the Lotus.
Early life
At the age of 6, Dreyer started playing guitar after he heard the AC/DC song "Hells Bells". "I instantly knew that I wanted to do that too. I was hooked," says Dreyer during a July 2011 interview with Noisecreep. "Like anyone else, my tastes broadened over the years. So once I started progressing in my playing, I looked for heavier bands like Megadeth and Testament. In high school, I discovered all of the Shrapnel Records guys, but Yngwie Malmsteen was the first guitarist I heard that really changed my life. There was something about his playing that just pulled me in," remembers Dreyer. Dreyer released four EPs and an album before graduating from high school. During that time, he also studied under Chris Broderick (Megadeth, Jag Panzer, Nevermore) and David Shankle, (Manowar), and won the 2007, 2008, and 2009 award for best guitarist of the year.
Career
DeadRingers Guild (2007–2010)
Toward the end of 2007, Dreyer formed the melodic metal band DeadRingers Guild. During their 3 years together as a group, the band went on to release 2 professionally recorded EP's, 2008's DeadRingers Guild and 2010s DeadRingers Guild II and tour across the nation, sharing the stage with many national and international acts such as Paul Di'Anno (Ex-Iron Maiden), Enforcer, Cauldron, and Dark Castle. The former EP contained a single written by Dreyer called "War Path", which become a finalist in the Hard Rock/Metal category of the 2009 Independent Music Awards. The aforementioned award is often referred to as the "indie grammy". In September 2010, Dreyer left DeadRingers Guild to go out to Los Angeles to attend school at the Musicians Institute."Once that happened, the rest of the guys in the band just kind of did their own individual things. There is no bad blood between anybody in the band. I still talk to those guys all the time", Dreyer said in an August 2011 Metal Underground interview.
Jag Panzer (2011)
In July 2011, Dreyer was chosen to replace Christian Lasegue in the power metal band Jag Panzer (Century Media Records). Shortly after welcoming Dreyer into the group, Jag Panzer decided to disband. The unexpected breakup made news worldwide. Drummer Rikard Stjernquist said, "One player, 19-year-old Jake Dreyer, submitted videos of him nailing solos from both Chris Broderick and Christian Lasegue. We were ready to welcome Jake into the band, but, unfortunately, that will not happen. There is no doubt in any of our minds that Jake will go on to be a household name in his own right." Despite Christian Lasegue's replacement by the 19-year-old Dreyer, frontman Mark Briody stated,"the decision to split was not due to Lasegue's departure. It's what was best for the band as a collective and its individual members."
Deathriders (2011)
Shortly after Jag Panzer disbanded, Dreyer joined DeathRiders, a heavy metal band fronted by former Anthrax (American band) vocalist, Neil Turbin. The newly formed group soon started preparing for upcoming performances and the future "Stay Screaming" tour. When asked about DeathRiders new lineup, Giovanny Torres-Bass, Peter Vazquez-Drums, Mike Guerrero-Guiter, and Jake Dreyer-Guitar, Turbin stated, "This is the best group of guys I ever had the opportunity to work with! Right from the first time we played together there was an undeniable chemistry that I personally have been searching for, a powerful musical connection that I know the fans are going to feel as well. The musicianship is top-notch." DeathRiders performance was recorded live at the House of Blues in West Hollywood, California on August 23, 2011.
White Wizzard (2011–2013)
In September 2011, Dreyer became the new guitarist for the band White Wizzard. Within a month's time, he and the band set out on a nationwide tour as the opening act for Firewind on the "Frets of Fury" tour along with Arsis, and Nightrage. The tour was both well received and attended. Immediately thereafter, the band set out for Bochum, Germany to begin a two-month European tour as direct support for Iced Earth. Upon their arrival home, the band started writing new music. The first song from this collaboration,"Torpedo of Truth" was recorded in May 2012. When asked about the new music, the band posted, "It will feature, beastly rhythm, thunderous melodic bass and some serious shred at a whole new level. Soon thereafter, Dreyer and the band headed to Tokyo to play at Club Quattro for the band's first ever Japanese tour. On June 3, 2013, "The Devil's Cut" was released via Earache Records/Century Media featuring guitar solos by Dreyer.
Kobra and the Lotus (2014–2016)
In June 2014, Dreyer joined Kobra and the Lotus as a touring guitarist in support of the Kiss and Def Leppard 40th Anniversary Summer tour. The following two years with the band included various UK/European tours as well as the recording of the band's double album "Prevail I and II" (Napalm Records) with producer Jacob Hansen in Ribe, Denmark in early Spring 2016.
Demons & Wizards (2019–2021)
On May 28, 2019 it was revealed that Dreyer would be the lead guitarist for the band Demons & Wizards on their "A Magical Encounter with Demons & Wizards" tour beginning May 31 in Germany. Following Jon Schaffer's involvement in the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol, vocalist Hansi Kürsch disbanded the band on February 1, 2021.
Iced Earth (2016–2021)
On September 25, 2016, Dreyer was announced as the new lead guitarist of Iced Earth, replacing Troy Seele, who had left the band in August citing family commitments. Dreyer left the band on February 15, 2021 to focus on Witherfall following Jon Schaffer's involvement in the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol.
Witherfall (2013–present)
On December 12, 2016, Witherfall released the first single "End of Time" off their debut album "Nocturnes and Requiems" available for release on February 10, 2017. Witherfall is the collective brainchild of Dreyer, vocalist Joseph Michael and the late drummer Adam Sagan. With Dreyer and Michael having previously worked together in White Wizzard and Sagan collaborating with Dreyer on the critically acclaimed debut instrumental EP In The Shadows of Madness, the trio combined forces to begin writing the project in 2013.
Solo (2010–present)
In August 2010, Dreyer recorded his first solo instrumental EP In the Shadows of Madness with respected producer JJ Crews of Boogie Tracks in Panama City, Florida. In April 2011, the EP was mastered by mastering pro Maor Applebaum (Yngwie, Tony McAlpine, Rob Halford) and released a few weeks later. ITSM, which features Adam Sagan (Echoterra, Into Eternity) on drums and Noah Martin (Arsis) on bass guitar showcases Dreyer's many years of study under such masters as Chris Broderick (Megadeth, Jag Panzer, Nevermore), David Shankle (David Shankle Group, Manowar), and Rusty Cooley (Outworld). Positive reviews for ITSM appeared on websites all over the world. "When we first heard the music by guitar monster Jake Dreyer, our ears were immediately hooked to the sonic perfection that this very talented guitar shredder can accomplish note after note"
"...Dreyer is ready to become the latest American guitar protégé with his first solo-dubbed album 'In the Shadows of Madness'." As a solo artist, Dreyer is sponsored by Bogner Amplification, EMG, Inc, Kahler tremolo, RockBand Network, and Jackson Guitars.
He recorded a series of instructional videos for both Ultimate Guitar Archive and Reignlicks.com. which provided step-by-step instructions on playing featured "licks" of his original music. Dreyer's music has been played in rotation on stations such as Pandora Radio and Front Row Rock, as well as being in the top 10 airplay list for several weeks on Jango. In December 2011, ITSM was rated by Apoch's Metal as one of the top 20 EPs of 2011. In November 2011, the 2nd single Harmony of the Spheres was released on the Xbox 360 game, RockBand. In a December 2011 Metal Insider interview, Dreyer was asked,"what accomplishment/award are you most proud of?" He replied, "I would say that my favorite accomplishment so far has been this EP. Just due to the fact that I had such a great time writing and recording it and all the guys that were part of it JJ Crews, Adam Sagan and Noah Martin are all awesome dudes. I am pretty proud of the final product...”
Other
In late December 2011, Dreyer assisted Chris Broderick at the Skolnick/Broderick Winter Guitar Retreat in New York. In January 2012, he checked in with Jackson guitars.com to talk about his time with Broderick and the whole experience: “We got up on stage and jammed Jason Becker's "Perpetual Burn" on the last night. It was a great time!". In September 2011, Dreyer became a guest columnist for Guitar World.com: Getting Ready to Record: The Do's and Don'ts (September 7, 2011) and the Do's and Don'ts of Playing Live (February 13, 2012). He also took part in many artist interviews and stories.
Equipment
Jackson CS KV7 (Purple quilt top) with Dimarzio D-Activator's and a Kahler 2317 tremolo
Jackson KV2 (Black Ghost Flame)
Jackson SL7 (Natural Stained Black)
Charvel Guthrie Govan Signature (Natural)
Charvel San Dimas (Tobacco Burst)
Charvel DK 24 (Matte Green)
Amp:Bogner Ecstasy
Head: Bogner Uber-Cab;
Soldano SLO 100
Kemper (Live)
Rack/Effects
Furman Power Conditioner
Shure ULX S4 Wireless
DigiTech TSR-12 (Reverb Only)
Dunlop Rack Wah
Korg DTR2000
Discography
Witherfall
Nocturnes and Requiems (2017)
A Prelude to Sorrow (2018)
Vintage (EP) (2019)
The Other Side (Ep) (2021)
Curse of Autumn (2021)
Iced Earth
Incorruptible (2017)
Demons & Wizards
III (2020)
Kobra and the Lotus
Prevail I (2017)
Prevail II (2018)
White Wizzard
The Devil's Cut (2013)
Solo
In the Shadows of Madness (EP) (2011)
DeadRingers Guild
Demo 2008 (2008)
DeadRingers Guild II (2010)
Note
Dreyer and his musical work is registered with ASCAP.
References
External links
Jake Dreyer's website
Guitar World articles
Jake Dreyer official videos
American heavy metal guitarists
American multi-instrumentalists
Seven-string guitarists
Lead guitarists
Guitarists from Florida
1992 births
Living people
People from Bay County, Florida
American male guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American male musicians
Austin Patrick "Ocker" Robertson (21 November 1907 – 6 May 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and West Perth Football Club in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL).
Robertson debuted with South Melbourne at the age of 18 and played for the club between 1927 and 1937. He was well regarded as a key position player at both ends of the ground. He was one of the few players still adept at place kicking during the 1930s, noted for the length and accuracy of his kicks; he made several attempts over his career to break Dave McNamara's record for longest kick, often topping 70 yards but never breaking McNamara's mark of 86yds.
While at South Melbourne, he was also a world champion professional sprinter, winning the world title in 1930. He missed out on South Melbourne's 1933 premiership win because he was in America organising a head-to-head race with Eddie Tolan at the Chicago World's Fair. However, when he arrived in the United States, Tolan was not in training and was unable to race.
During the 1937 season, Robertson was transferred to Perth by his employer, General Motors-Holden. He was cleared to West Perth and played there for the rest of 1937. In 1938, he switched to Perth, and served as its playing coach for the next two years. General Motors returned Robertson to Victoria in 1940 and, despite expectations that he would return to South Melbourne, he signed with Victorian Football Association club Port Melbourne for a reported £6 per week, and crossed without a clearance from South Melbourne. He played for Port Melbourne under the VFA's throw-pass rules until 1941.
He was the youngest son of Mr and Mrs John Robertson, was educated at Xavier College Kew and married Dorothy McDonald in Elwood on 22 June 1940. His brother, Harold Robertson, and son, Austin Robertson Jr. were also champion footballers.
Robertson later served in the Australian Army during World War II.
See also
1927 Melbourne Carnival
References
External links
1907 births
1988 deaths
People educated at Xavier College
Australian male sprinters
Athletes from Melbourne
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
Sydney Swans players
Port Melbourne Football Club players
West Perth Football Club players
Perth Football Club players
Perth Football Club coaches
Turun Kisa-Veikot (TuKV for short) is a sports club from Turku, Finland. The club was founded in the then-independent municipality, Maaria, area where they still operate and own a club house. It was established in 1930 as Maarian Kisa-Veikot. Football was played since the formation of the club, other sections include futsal, ice hockey, roller hockey, badminton and capoeira, they also run amateur theatre. The club is a member of the Finnish Workers' Sports Federation, abbreviated as TUL.
Football
Football was part of clubs sports since foundation. They played in Finnish workers sports federation first level in 1938, 1939 and 1940 seasons. In 1943-44 Season they were qualified to Mestaruussarja but withdrew together with other TUL club Tampereen Pallo-Veikot before last round, this was the first season when Finnish FA and TUL clubs played in the same premiership. After WWII they played in the second level of TUL Leagues and were qualified for 1948 mestaruussarja. Between 1950 and 1953 they played in TUL competitions and when lower levels were also unified with Finnish FA in 1954 they started from third tier Maakuntasarja. In 2019 season their first team plays in sixth tier, Vitonen.
Season to Season
1 season in Mestaruussarja
4 seasons in Suomensarja
11 seasons in Maakuntasarja
6 seasons in Kolmonen
15 seasons in Nelonen
17 seasons in Vitonen
1 season in Kutonen
References
External links
Official site
Finnish Wikipedia
Sports clubs in Finland
Football clubs in Finland
Sport in Turku
1930 establishments in Finland
The Carrier was an American melodic hardcore band from Boston, Massachusetts, United States, which formed in 2006.
In 2006, the band self-released their debut demo whom they recorded with Jay Maas at the Getaway Group Studios. After a year of playing shows, in the summer of 2007 the band teamed up with Words of War Records to release a self-titled 7". In the winter of 2007, the band released its first full-length record entitled "One Year Later" on Rock Vegas Records. In 2008, the band released its second 7" entitled "No Love Can Save Me" on Deathwish Inc. In 2010, Deathwish Inc. re-released the album "One Year Later" in vinyl for the first time licensed from Rock Vegas Records. In 2011, the band released their second full-length record entitled "Blind To What Is Right" on Deathwish Inc.
The Carrier has completed tours alongside Agnostic Front, Shai Hulud, Killing the Dream, Dead Swans, Reign Supreme, plus several other DIY tours. They have played shows all across the United States, Europe, and Canada.
In early 2012, The Carrier and all members released a letter announcing their break up and consequent last European Tour and Boston show.
Discography
References
External links
The Carrier on Myspace
Melodic hardcore groups
Musical groups established in 2006
Deathwish Inc. artists
Albert Melville "Mel" Baker (1885 - ?) was a Welsh international, rugby union wing who played club rugby for Newport and South African regional team Griqualand West. He won three caps for Wales and was selected for the British Lions 1910 tour of South Africa.
Rugby career
Baker first played for Newport in 1907 and was part of the team that faced three the 1910 touring Australian team and scored Newport's only try in the game.
Baker was first capped for Wales on 6 February 1909 when he played against Scotland at Inverleith, under the captaincy of Billy Trew. Wales won the match, and Baker was selected to face France in a match which was at the time not classified as an official part of the Home Nations Championship. Wales beat France 47-5 in a one sided game in Paris, with Baker running in a hat-trick of tries. Wales won the Grand Slam that year but Baker was not part of the first game of the next season's tournament. He was reselected for the second match against Scotland, and scored a fourth international try in a 14-0 win for Wales.
In 1910 Baker was offered a place on the British Isles tour of South Africa under the captaincy of Newport's Tommy Smyth. Baker managed to play in only one of the three test games, but decided to stay in South Africa after the end of the tour. He played for South African regional team Griqualand West and in 1911 was part of the team that won the Currie Cup. He played one more game for Newport, during a visit to Wales in 1922, when he turned out in a game against the Barbarians, scoring one of the tries in a 15-6 win for Newport.
International matches played
Wales
1909
1909, 1910
British Isles
1910
Bibliography
References
Rugby union wings
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
1885 births
Rugby union players from Newport, Wales
Newport RFC players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Year of death unknown
Srđan Kusovac is a Serbian-Montenegrin journalist and state administrator in Montenegro. Since the fall of 2013, he has been the head of the Montenegrin government's Public Relations Bureau.
Prior to that, from 2009 until 2013, he was the editor-in-chef of the Montenegrin government-owned daily newspaper Pobjeda, the post to which he was named after being the media adviser to Montenegrin Prime Minister Milo Đukanović from 2008 until 2009.
Career
Born in Tuzla (Bosnia and Herzegovina) and raised in Belgrade, Kusovac started getting involved with media in 1984 through Radio Beograd 202 where he worked on the staff of Index 202, the station's daily youth programme. Simultaneously, Kusovac wrote for Indexovo radio pozorište, satirical comedy programme on Radio Beograd 202 that aired weekly. Already popular in Belgrade and the rest of Serbia, the radio programme also gained some prominence throughout SFR Yugoslavia so that it soon started airing live while being performed in front of a theater audience. Some of those live airings were basis for the productions that were later performed around the country as Indexovo radio pozorište partly evolved into a theater troupe. Kusovac wrote one such show, 1986's "Znanje imanje", which aired live on radio while simultaneously being performed in Duško Radović Theater. He left Index 202 and Indexovo radio pozorište in mid 1987.
Kusovac then worked at Radio B92 until 1993. In 1993 he was part of Radio Brod (short-lived European Union-sponsored outlet whose signal was broadcast into the former Yugoslav republics during the Yugoslav Wars), before getting hired at the United States Congress funded Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. At RFE/RL Kusovac first worked as a correspondent from the Balkans before moving to the station's headquarters in Prague. Simultaneously, he contributed to various print media outlets throughout the Balkans. From July 2006 until March 2008, he maintained a blog on B92.net website.
Kusovac was employed at RFE/RL until 2007, which is when he moved his family to Montenegro. Simultaneously, in Belgrade, he was one of the founders of e-novine.com, far left wing web portal.
In July 2008, Kusovac became the media adviser to Montenegrin Prime Minister Milo Đukanović, presiding over the media fallout from the Montenegrin recognition of unilaterally declared independence of Kosovo.
In October 2009, Kusovac got named the editor-in-chief of Pobjeda, daily newspaper owned by the Montenegrin government. During his reign, in 2010, the newspaper began to be published using the Latin script for the first time in its history after decades of using Cyrillic. Also, Kusovac got into several vicious printed exchanges with Željko Ivanović, editor-in-chief of Vijesti, rival Podgorica daily with a pro-opposition editorial policy. Kusovac left the editorial post at Pobjeda in August 2013. The manner in which he left the paper aroused controversy in Montenegro. Vijesti published the news of Kusovac's departure from Pobjeda in early August 2013, however Kusovac angrily denied it, saying he is only going on vacation while vowing to "throw the Vijesti people in jail just like I promised". However, despite Kusovac's denials, his departure from Pobjeda was officially confirmed in late September 2013.
At the same time Kusovac got announced as the new head of the Montenegrin government's Public Relations Bureau.
Two journalists from the independent weekly magazine Monitor, Milka Tadic Mijovic and Milena Perovic, sued Kusovac for damaging their "reputation and honour" in a series of articles that were published in Pobjeda between September 2011 and April 2012. The case was settled in 2019 when Kusovac was required to pay the two journalists 5,000 euros each.
References
Serbian journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Per Johan Sebastian Rajalakso (born 23 September 1988) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Syrianska FC.
Career
Rajalakso joined Djurgårdens IF in the beginning of 2008 from Enköpings SK. He made his debut against IFK Norrköping on March 30, 2008, scoring the 2-0 goal. During his time at Djurgården, he has usually been employed as a left winger in a 4-4-2 formation, but he has also been used as a central attacker in a 4-3-3 system.
He started the 2008 season by scoring in the first five games in the Swedish first league.
In early 2009, Rajalakso was called up to the Swedish U21 squad, taking part in two games against Belgium.
In 2014 Rajalakso played in Polish club Jagiellonia Białystok.
Personal life
Rajalakso was born in Sweden to a Finnish father and Swedish mother. He is the older brother of fellow footballer Joel Rajalakso.
Career statistics
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Enköping Municipality
Swedish footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Swedish people of Finnish descent
Enköpings SK players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Syrianska FC players
Jagiellonia Białystok players
Expatriate footballers in Poland
GIF Sundsvall players
Association football midfielders
Ekstraklasa players
Sportspeople from Uppsala County
Synthemis is a genus of dragonflies in the family Synthemistidae.
Species of Synthemis are medium-sized, slender, black and yellow dragonflies.
Species
The genus includes these species:
Gallery
References
Synthemistidae
Anisoptera genera
Odonata of Australia
Taxa named by Edmond de Sélys Longchamps
Witoldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Gustav Unfried (24 March 1889 – 13 September 1917) was a German international footballer.
References
1889 births
1917 deaths
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
BFC Preussen players
German military personnel killed in World War I
for others with the same name, see Rudolf Steiner (disambiguation)
Rudolf Steiner, b. 1942, is a German film director, scriptwriter and producer.
Steiner studied at the Film & Television Academy (HFF) "Konrad Wolf" in Potsdam-Babelsberg. From 1971 to 1973 he worked as a cameraman for Sender Freies Berlin (SFB).
As a producer he realized among other films Conversation with the Beast (director: Armin Mueller-Stahl).
Filmography
1987:
1988: 5 Beers + 1 Coffee
1996: Conversation with the Beast
External links
Rudolf Steiner at Filmportal.de
http://www.rudolf-steiner-film.de
Film people from Berlin
1942 births
Living people
KF Vardari Forinë (, FK Vardar Forino) is a football club based in the village of Forinë, Gostivar Municipality, North Macedonia. They are currently competing in the Macedonian Second League (West Division).
History
The club was founded in 1974.
References
External links
Vardari Forino Facebook
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Vardari Forino
Association football clubs established in 1974
1974 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
FK
Vardari
Apáthy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Stephan Apáthy (1863–1922), Hungarian zoologist and histologist
Jenő Apáthy (1883–1959), Hungarian fencer
Hungarian-language surnames
Gordon Thomas was the fourth head football coach at Tuskegee University in Tuskegee, Alabama, and he held that position for two seasons, from 1913 until 1914. His coaching record at Tuskegee was 4–2–4.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Tuskegee Golden Tigers football coaches
Slate Run is a tributary of Pine Creek in Tioga and Lycoming counties, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Formed by the confluence of two of its tributaries, the Francis Branch and the Cushman Branch, Slate Run flows generally southeast to join Pine Creek at the community of Slate Run. The first or so of the main stem are in the Tioga State Forest in Tioga County, and the rest passes through the Tiadaghton State Forest in Lycoming County. Named tributaries include Morris Run and Red Run, which enter from the left, and Manor Fork, which enters from the right.
Slate Run, a popular fishery, supports wild brook and brown trout. Fishing is allowed year-round, but anglers are limited to fly fishing with barbless hooks and must return all caught trout to the stream. Other fish in the creek include eastern blacknose dace, longnose dace, slimy sculpins, and white suckers.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Pine Creek (Pennsylvania)
Rivers of Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Tioga County, Pennsylvania
The 1998 United States Senate election in New Hampshire was held on November 3, 1998. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Judd Gregg won re-election to his second term.
Major candidates
Democratic
George Condodemetraky, engineer and Army veteran
Republican
Judd Gregg, incumbent U.S. Senator
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
New Hampshire
1998
Hiroichi Sakai (; Sakai Hiroichi; 21 March 1929 – 22 November 2021) was a Japanese politician. A member of the Komeito party, he served in the House of Representatives from 1969 to 1993.
References
1929 births
2021 deaths
Japanese politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Japan)
Komeito politicians
People from Wakayama Prefecture
Oro Bay Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Sariri
02. Gunimba
03. Jegerakambo
04. Emo
05. Banderi
06. Waiwa
07. Beama
08. Baberada
09. Dombada
10. Hanakiro
11. Kararata
12. Dobuduru
13. Barisari
14. Siremi
15. Buna
16. Killerton
17. Otobefari
18. Konje
19. Kausada
20. Jinanga
21. Bakumbari
22. Batari
23. Oure
24. Aure
25. Dewatutu
26. Bindari
References
Local-level governments of Oro Province
Orton Caswell "Cas" Walker (March 23, 1902 – September 25, 1998), was a Tennessee businessman, politician, and personality on television and radio. Walker founded a successful chain of small grocery stores that grew to include several dozen stores scattered throughout the Knoxville, Tennessee vicinity as well as parts of Virginia and Kentucky. From 1941 through 1971, Walker served on the Knoxville city council where he became legendary for his uncompromising political stances and his vehement opposition to what he claimed was a corrupt elitism in the city's government. The Cas Walker Farm and Home Hour, a local variety show sponsored by Walker, ran in various radio and television formats between 1929 and 1983 and helped launch the careers of entertainer Dolly Parton and the Everly Brothers.
Early life
Walker was born to a working-class family in Sevier County, Tennessee in 1902. He quit school at the age of 14 and spent several years working at different jobs around the region, namely at the Champion Fibre Company in North Carolina and later at various coal mines in Kentucky. In 1924, he returned to East Tennessee where he established the first Cas Walker's Cash Store in Knoxville with money he had saved.
Walker's stores had a simple rural atmosphere that was popular with the city's working class whites and African-Americans. He used his radio show and other innovative methods— such as scattering coupons from airplanes— to advertise his store's weekly specials. By the mid-1950s, Walker's chain had grown to include 27 stores that generated a gross annual revenue of $60 million.
Politics
Walker was first elected to the Knoxville city council in 1941. He was elected mayor in 1946, but after a few weeks of tumultuous meetings and the firing of its own city manager, the city council managed to oust Walker in a recall election. He also served as acting mayor in 1959. Walker was reelected to the city council the following and remained until voluntarily retiring in 1971. He continued to be a force in Knoxville politics into the 1980s.
As a politician, Walker successfully portrayed himself as a champion of small farmers and the working class. This image was enhanced in 1956 when Life Magazine published a photograph of Walker preparing to punch fellow city councilman J. S. Cooper after the two had engaged in a heated debate over property assessments. In his self-published newsletter, The Watchdog, Walker blasted political opponents and raged against tax increases. He also used The Watchdog to launch controversial attacks against his business competitors. In the 1960s, he unsuccessfully opposed plans to fluoridate Knoxville's water supply and played a pivotal role in derailing attempts to consolidate the governments of Knoxville and Knox County. Walker's political mentor-turned-rival, George Dempster, once said, "If I ordered a whole carload of SOB's and they just sent Cas, I'd sign for the shipment."
Walker continued distributing The Watchdog until the early 1980s, when a libel suit forced it out of publication. During the same period, Walker's influence helped defeat a second attempt to merge the Knoxville and Knox County governments.
Radio and television
In 1929, Walker created a variety show known as the Farm and Home Hour to help promote his cash stores. The show initially aired as a radio program on WROL-AM and later on WIVK-AM. In 1953, the show adopted a television format for WROL-TV (now WATE-TV) and aired on various local channels until 1983. The show featured artists such as Roy Acuff, Jimmy Martin, Bill Monroe, Carl Smith, Carl Butler, Jim Nabors, and Chet Atkins. The show also helped launch the careers of Dolly Parton, who first performed on the program in 1956 at the age of 10, and the Everly Brothers, who were regulars on the show in the mid-1950s.
References
External links
The Cas Walker Farm and Home Hour — IMDB
Museum of Appalachia — photos of Cas Walker in 1990
Life photograph of 1956 fracas between Walker and J.S. Cooper
Video: "Cas Walker Warning to Thugs"
People from Sevier County, Tennessee
1902 births
1998 deaths
People from Knoxville, Tennessee
Mayors of Knoxville, Tennessee
Businesspeople from Tennessee
Tennessee city council members
American grocers
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American politicians
Nihat Akbay (1 January 1945 – 24 March 2020) was a Turkish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Born in Beykoz, Istanbul, Akbay played club football for Beykoz and Galatasaray.
He also earned 7 caps for the Turkish national team between 1964 and 1976.
Later life and death
Akbay died on 24 March 2020.
References
1945 births
2020 deaths
Turkish footballers
Beykozspor footballers
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
Association football goalkeepers
Turkey international footballers
The thoracic spinal nerve 10 (T10) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 10 (T10).
References
Spinal nerves
The Sharpe Brothers was a Canadian professional wrestling tag team consisting of brothers Ben and Mike Sharpe, best known for their tenures wrestling in the territories of Northern California and Japan. Both men were tall in stature with athletic backgrounds (Ben was an Olympian with the Canadian rowing team in 1936) and served in the Royal Air Force during World War II. While both were stationed in England, they discovered professional wrestling and set about entering the profession soon thereafter. In pursuit, they travelled to San Francisco after the war and rose to prominence in promoter Joe Malcewicz's territory as both singles and tag team wrestlers.
In the mid-1950s the Sharpe Brothers also began competing for Rikidozan's newly formed Japan Wrestling Association, becoming one of the most revered tag teams in Japanese history. Mike continued to wrestled as a single's competitor after Ben's retirement and his son "Iron" Mike Sharpe, Jr. entered the business as well. The Sharpe Brothers are remembered as a tag team that was able to rise to headline status in an established and respected territory and also helping to establish a new one (in Japan). The duo have been inducted into various Halls of Fame, including the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum, Class of 2010.
Early life
Ben Sharpe (18 March 1916 – 21 November 2001) was six when his brother Mike (11 July 1922 – 11 August 1988) was born. Their father was a detective sergeant with the Hamilton City Police force and they had four sisters. Both Sharpe brothers attended Westdale Secondary School in Hamilton, Ontario and were accomplished athletes, particularly Ben who had competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics as part of the Canadian rowing team,. Ben would write home to his family regularly and warned that he felt a war was brewing in Europe. Ben had also worked for an elevator company in Hamilton. At the outbreak of World War II, both brothers enlisted in the Canadian armed forces. Ben has originally enlisted in the Royal Canadian Air Force but at 6'5" he was too large to fit into a cockpit and was instead stationed in England as a physical fitness instructor. Mike entered the Royal Canadian Airforce when he met the age requirement and, again due to his size, he was tasked with being an armourer, often loading bombs onto planes.
Professional wrestling career
England and Hamilton
Ben had already dipped his toes in the wrestling business briefly back in Hamilton and when Mike arrived in England Ben saw potential to pursue a career as a tag team with his brother. The brothers met Lord James Blears while stationed in England and began wrestling during the war. At the end of the war, Mike and Ben returned to their native Canada and wrestled in Ontario before relocating to San Francisco.
Northern California
Working for promoters Frank and Joe Malcewicz, the Sharpe Brothers became the stars of the territory. They captured their first NWA World Tag Team Championship on 9 May 1950, defeating Hard Boiled Haggerty & Ray Eckert. They dominated the tag team scene for the next decade, winning the NWA World Tag Team Championship there on 18 occasions. Ben also captured the NWA Hawaii Heavyweight Championship during this time, defeating Bobby Managoff on 23 August 1953. "Had I been in a position of power in any territory, they would have been my main eventers...they were just fantastic," Bob Orton Sr. remarked on the Sharpes in 2002. The brothers were mainstays in the San Francisco territory and primarily performed there for a decade. "Joe Malcewicz had them pretty well tied up" Gene Kiniski said of their tenure in San Francisco, "they...kept feeding them different talent."
Various NWA territories
While Northern California became their home territory, the brothers also captured championship in other promotions, particularly St. Louis and their native Hamilton, Ontario. They won NWA Tag Team gold for NWA Chicago on 17 October 1953 and for NWA Indianapolis on 16 September 1951.
Japan
The California territories offered access to Japan for those who could draw crowds and the Sharpe Brothers took up this opportunity when Japanese promoters came asking. Television was a relatively new medium in Japan in 1954 with few Japanese people owning a television set. In February 1954 Rikidozan and Masahiko Kimura faced the Sharpe Brothers, which was seen by thousands via Japanese TV, with many people viewing in front of shop windows. As televisions became more affordable, Rikidozan capitalised on this and established himself as one of the country's first true TV stars. The Sharpe Brothers became the popular "foreign" team and were regularly interviewed on Japanese TV, even into their retirements. Both men appreciated Japanese culture and one of Ben's children, Riki, was named in honour of Rikidozan.
Ben's retirement
In 1962, Ben retired from the wrestling business and Mike continued to wrestle, working for promotions he previously had not done as a tag team. He captured titles after Ben's retirement, including the NWA (San Francisco) Pacific Coast Heavyweight title in 1960, the WWA International Television Tag titles in 1961 and the Asia Tag Team titles in 1962.
Later years
After retiring from in-ring competition, Ben entered into various business ventures, including opening a bar in San Francisco and a restaurant in Colma. The wear and tear he accumulated from his wrestling career took their toll on Ben however and he used a wheelchair for the last 14 years of his life. After contracting a leg infection and developing a fever, Ben went to bed at his son Michael's home on Kingsburg on 21 November 2001 and died in his sleep at the age of 85. He had six children.
Mike wrestled his last match in 1964. After his in-ring career, he got into brewing for Anheuser-Busch in Van Nuys. He also became self-taught in welding, putting together small wrestling rings for children. Ben's brother-in-law Jake Isbister has commented on Mike's charity, stating that he "was generous to a fault. Anyone with a hard-luck story could count on him for a meal and a bed".
Wrestling wear and tear caught up with Mike as it did Ben and he suffered various ailments in his later years. While on his way to his sister-in-law's funeral in Palo Alto on 11 August 1988 Mike had a heart attack and died at 66 years of age. His son, Mike Jr., better known as "Iron" Mike Sharpe, would later join Vince McMahon's nationally expanding World Wrestling Federation.
Championships and accomplishments
50th State Big Time Wrestling
NWA Hawaii Heavyweight Championship (Ben)
Big Time Wrestling (Vancouver)
NWA British Empire Heavyweight Championship (Mike)
Canadian Wrestling Hall of Fame
Tag team inductees
Fred Kohler Enterprises
NWA World Tag Team Championship (one time)
NWA (San Francisco) Pacific Coast Tag Team Championship (one time)
Japan Wrestling Association
All Asia Tag Team Championship (Mike, with Buddy Austin)
NWA Indianapolis
NWA World Tag Team Championship (one time)
NWA San Francisco
NWA World Tag Team Championship (eighteen time, record)
NWA World Tag Team Championship (Ben, with James Blears
NWA World Tag Team Championship (Ben, with Red Hangman)
NWA (San Francisco) Pacific Coast Heavyweight Championship (Mike, three times)
NWA (San Francisco) Pacific Coast Heavyweight Championship (Ben, one time)
NWA Southwest
NWA Texas Tag Team Championship (one time)
Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame (Class of 2017)
Worldwide Wrestling Associates
WWA International Television Tag Team Championship (Mike, with Zebra Kid)
Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum
Class of 2010
References
Canadian male professional wrestlers
Sharpe, Ben
Sharpe, Ben
Sharpe, Ben
Professional wrestlers from Hamilton, Ontario
Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum
Duncan Irvine was a Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He played for Edinburgh Academicals; and Aberdeen Rangers. He was staying in Old Machar, Aberdeenshire in 1881 census.
Provincial career
He played for East of Scotland District in February 1876. In this match he was deemed an Edinburgh Academical player.
He played for East of Scotland District against Edinburgh District in January 1887. His brother Bulldog Irvine played for Edinburgh; Duncan was deemed a Aberdeen Rangers player.
He played for the Blues Trial side against Whites Trial in February 1878, again classed as an Edinburgh Accies player.
International career
He was capped three times for Scotland between 1878 and 1879.
Academic career
Irvine joined the British Geological Survey on 1 May 1868. He worked in south-west Scotland:- the Mull of Galloway, Wigtown and Stranraer.
He resigned from the BGS on 10 July 1882.
He moved to Canada, where he continued to be a surveyor; noted as staying at 224 Beacon Hill in Victoria City, British Columbia, in 1898.
Family
His parents were Alexander Robertson Irvine and Sophia Jane Stewart Robertson. He married Sally Green in Victoria, Canada in 1900. He was the older brother of Bulldog Irvine, who was also capped for Scotland, including the first ever rugby international.
He is buried in Ross Bay Cemetery in Victoria, Canada.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1851 births
1914 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
East of Scotland District players
Rugby union players from Perth and Kinross
Blues Trial players
Rugby union forwards
Magic string is a psychological therapeutic aid used to make radiotherapy treatment for children less stressful. Without its use, many children need to have general anaesthetic in order to receive their treatment.
Background
Patients receiving radiotherapy have to be alone inside a lead-lined room, since only they can be exposed to the radiation, and also have to stay still during the treatment, with the necessary immobility being achieved through the use of a radiotherapy mask that covers the face and shoulders and is fastened to the treatment bed. Adult patients often find this claustrophobic and it can be particularly distressing for young children. Consequently, many young patients have required sedation with a general anaesthetic in order to meet the requirements of their radiotherapy.
Implementation
The use of magic string, simply a multi-coloured ball of twine, was learned about in 2007 by Lobke Marsden, a play specialist at the Bexley Wing oncology unit of St James's University Hospital in Leeds, as a low-cost solution to the problem of children's difficulties with radiotherapy. One end of the string is held by the patient and the other end by the parent. In 2017, Marsden told Ellen Wallwork of The Huffington Post, "String is perfect for children that really need that connection with their parents. They often give it a little tug, and the parents tug it back from the other room to let the child know they are right there with them", adding that, "It has proven to be the cheapest and one of the best pieces of 'equipment' we own".
Writing in The Guardian in June 2018, Rachel Clarke said, "Cheap as chips and priceless, magic string was created not for profit or personal gain – but simply because someone cared".
References
Play (activity)
The Hangover Part II: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack to the comedy film of the same name. It was released on May 23, 2011 by WaterTower Music.
Development
WaterTower Music has announced the release of The Hangover Part II: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack on May 24, 2011. The soundtrack contains 12 songs from the film, along with eight dialogue clips from the film. The Hangover Part II opened worldwide on May 26, 2011. Though the song "Monster", by Kanye West featuring Jay-Z, Rick Ross, Bon Iver and Nicki Minaj, was featured in the film, it does not appear on the soundtrack.
Among the songs included on the album is Ed Helms' version of the Billy Joel song "Allentown", rewritten in the spirit of his popular "Stu's Song" from the soundtrack of 2009′s The Hangover. Also by Billy Joel is "The Downeaster Alexa". Additional new music includes a song from Danzig, along with music from the Ska Rangers, Kanye West, Mark Lanegan, Deadmau5, Wolfmother and more.
Reception
The Hangover Part II: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack received a positive review from AllTimeSoundtrack.com:
Track listing
Other songs that appear in the film but not on the album:
"Monster" by Kanye West ft. Jay-Z, Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj, and Bon Iver
"Pretend" by Ken Peplowski
"Smokestack Lightin'" by Howlin' Wolf
"Imma Be" by The Black Eyed Peas
"Time in a Bottle" by Jim Croce
"Bangkok Days" by Emir Isilay
"One Thousand Tears of a Tarantula" by Dengue Fever
"Turn Around Part 2" by Flo Rida and Pitbull
References
External links
Official film webs
2011 soundtrack albums
Comedy film soundtracks
The Hangover (film series)
WaterTower Music soundtracks
—often misspelled according to the pronunciation—is a Japanese brand of mayonnaise, and the name of the company that makes it. Kewpie is the best selling mayonnaise in Japan, and is also sold in other countries.
History
Nakajima Enterprises was founded in Tokyo in 1919 by Toichiro Nakashima. He had previously worked in the United States for three years as an intern for the Ministry of Agriculture and Commerce, where he first encountered mayonnaise and the Kewpie doll that became his emblem. Originally, his business distributed canned salmon. Mayonnaise production began in 1925, and it has been the best selling brand of mayonnaise in Japan ever since. The company is now called the Kewpie Corp. The company stopped production of mayonnaise during World War II because of supply shortages, and resumed production in 1948.
Nakashima's businesses are based on "innovation, consistent improvement, and building cooperative frameworks, while fulfilling social responsibilities that ring true even in today's society", according to a Japanese academic journal.
In 1998, the company was sued for US$7 million for trademark infringement by a Japanese businessman who had obtained the rights to the Kewpie doll in Japan. The company defended itself, saying that it had a trademark in Japan going back 73 years, and that the Kewpie character was in the public domain. The courts sided with the mayonnaise manufacturer.
In 2020, the company had sales of US$5 billion. The company also manufactures cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. Amane Nakashima is the current chairman of Kewpie Corp., and is also president of the affiliated Nakashimato Co., a food distribution company.
Ingredients and flavor
Kewpie is made of apple cider vinegar or rice vinegar and egg yolks, resulting in a "more custardy consistency" than typical American mayonnaises, many of which are made out of whole eggs. It also contains vegetable oil, monosodium glutamate, salt and spices.
A food writer with the Sacramento Bee wrote that "Kewpie's irresistible flavor is different than other mayonnaises. After sweet, sour, salty and bitter, it is imbued with umami". The umami flavor component is the result of the monosodium glutamate. Comparing Kewpie to American mayonnaise, a food writer at the Los Angeles Times described the flavor: "The initial taste is mellower, creamier, even slightly fruity. The egginess is certainly stronger because of the yolk content, but it isn't overpowering. There's no added sugar, so it doesn't have that cloying sweetness of a Miracle Whip." Its flavor is described as more "assertive" than common American brands. Mari Katsumura of the Michelin starred restaurant Yugen in Chicago compared Kewpie to U.S. market leader Hellmann's, concluding, "The acid is a bit higher, it's a little sweeter and the umami content is a little stronger, as well".
In 2017, the Chicago Tribune conducted a blind taste test of 13 brands of mayonnaise sold in the United States. Kewpie was the "clear winner", described as "way ahead of the pack". According to the newspaper "The aroma was pleasantly eggy, the texture creamy. The eggy flavor was slightly tangy, with what one taster described as a 'very pronounced' umami element."
Common uses
Tamago sando, an egg salad sandwich widely sold in convenience stores in Japan
Potato salad
Sushi
Karaage, lightly coated pieces of marinated meat, usually chicken
Takoyaki, battered and cooked balls of minced octopus
Pizza topping
Okonomiyaki, a savory pancake made of a flour batter, shredded cabbage and a variety of other ingredients
Spicy mayonnaise, Kewpie blended with sriracha
Cultural impact
Kewpie fits into yōshoku (洋食 western food) -- a style of Western-influenced cooking popular in Japan. The packaging is described as kawaii or cute. Kewpie is described as a "cult favorite" in Japan. According to the Los Angeles Times, "It has transcended the plane of mere human consumption to become a cultural touchstone — a passion that can border on obsession." There is a Japanese word マヨラー (mayora) which means a person addicted to mayonnaise. The company operates a museum in Tokyo called Mayo Terrace.
International sales
Kewpie has sold its products in China since 1993, and operates three factories in China, located in Beijing, Hangzhou and Guangzhou. These plants can produce 72,000 tons of mayonnaise each year, and Kewpie is the dominant brand in several of China's largest cities. Southeast Asia is also a significant market. The company has sold its products in the United States since the early 1990s. It has a factory there that produces mayonnaise without monosodium glutamate, as well as other salad dressing and flavored sauces. Overseas sales accounted for about 9% of the company's business in 2019.
See also
List of mayonnaises
References
Mayonnaise
Food manufacturers of Japan
1919 establishments in Japan
Food and drink companies based in Tokyo
Companies based in Tokyo
Deconica coprophila, commonly known as the dung-loving psilocybe, or dung demon, is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae. First described as Agaricus coprophilus by Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard in 1793, it was transferred to the genus Psilocybe by Paul Kummer in 1871. In the first decade of the 2000s, several molecular studies showed that the Psilocybe was polyphyletic, and the non-bluing (non-hallucinogenic) species were transferred to Deconica.
While non-toxic, the species is not a good edible mushroom.
References
External links
Strophariaceae
Fungi described in 1793
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Inedible fungi
Żmudź-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Claude Étienne Edmond Marie Pierre Delvincourt (12 January 1888 – 5 April 1954) was a French pianist and composer of classical music.
Biography
Delvincourt was born in Paris, the son of Pierre Delvincourt and Marguerite Fourès.
He studied at the Conservatoire de Paris, first under Leon Boëllmann, then under the centenarian Henri Büsser. Also, he was taught counterpoint and fugue by Georges Caussade and composition by Charles-Marie Widor. A Prix de Rome winner in 1911 and again in 1913 (on the latter occasion he shared the award with Lili Boulanger), he was appointed Director of Conservatoire at Versailles in 1932 and Director of the Paris Conservatoire in 1940, following the resignation of Henri Rabaud.
During the German occupation of France, Delvincourt was forced to apply the racial laws of the Vichy government to the Paris Conservatoire, excluding Jewish professors and students. But he managed, with the help of his former teacher's niece Marie-Louise Boëllmann, to prevent numerous students from being compelled to join the STO (law of 16 February 1943). He gathered the young musicians in the Orchestre des Cadets du Conservatoire and convinced the German authorities that they were doing their duties by this method. Meanwhile, Delvincourt joined the Front National des Musiciens. Furthermore, he "did all he could to protect his flock, never asking for papers and always trying to hide illegal students.", succeeded in saving many students and was threatened by the Gestapo. He was forced to disappear until the end of the Military occupation.
He died, still Conservatoire director, on April 5, 1954, from injuries he incurred in a car accident on a road in Orbetello, Italy. The great organist Marcel Dupré succeeded him in the directorship.
Principal works
Orchestral works
Serenade or Radio-Serenade, suite for orchestra (1914)
Typhaon, symphonic poem (1914)
L'offrande à Siva, choreographic poem for Large orchestra (1921)
Boccacerie, portraits for the "Decameron", version for orchestra (1924)
Croquembouches, Two pieces for piano and orchestra (1926)
Bal vénitien, suite for orchestra (1927)
Choreographic Prelude for orchestra (1931)
Ce Monde de rosée, version for orchestra (1934)
Film d'Asie, suite for orchestra (1937) after the documentary "La Croisière Jaune" (1934)
Pamir, suite for Large orchestra (1938)
Piano Concerto, unfinished (1954)
Chamber music
Quintet for piano and string quartet (1907)
Trio for piano, violin and cello (1909)
Sonata for violin and piano (1922)
Croquembouches for saxophone and piano (1929)
Danceries, Five pieces for violin and piano (1930)
Contemplation for violin and piano (1935)
String Quartet (posthume) for Two violins, viola and cello (1954)
Works for solo instruments
Five Pieces for piano (1923)
Boccacerie, Five portraits for the "Decameron", for piano (also version for orchestra) (1926)
Croquembouches, Twelve pieces for piano (1926)
Bal vénitien, suite for orchestra, reduction for two pianos (1927)
Heures juvéniles, Twelve pieces for piano (1928)
Images pour les contes du temps passé, for Four-hand piano (1935)
Three Pieces for organ (Marche d'église - Méditation - Sortie de fête) (1937)
Vocal and choral works
Thestylis, for soprano and orchestra, after Leconte de Lisle poem (1908)
Hodie Christus natus, for choir, oboe, bassoon and organ (1909)
Aurore, choir for female voices and orchestra (or piano), after Victor Hugo poem (1910)
Acis et Galathée, cantata ; poem by Eugène Adenis (1910)
Nuit tombante, for mixed choir and orchestra (or piano), after Victor Hugo poem (1911)
Yanitza, cantata (1911)
La Source, choir for female voices and orchestra (or piano) (1912)
Fulvia, cantata (1912)
Berceuse, melody for voice and piano, after Maurice d'Assier poem (1912)
Faust and Helena, cantata ; poem by Eugène Adenis (1913)
Five Melodies for voice and piano, after Maurice d'Assier poems (1914)
Ave Verum Tota Pulchra Es, Motet for mixed choir, solo, organ and Strings (1920)
Ce Monde de rosée, Fourteen Utas translated from Japanese (1925)
Onchets, Five melodies on poems by René Chalupt (1929)
Chansons de la ville et des champs, Six melodies in the popular style (1933)
Four Songs by Clément Marot, melodies for soprano and piano (or orchestra) (1935)
Pater Noster, for Mezzo (or Soprano) and organ (1937)
Melody for voice and piano, after the poem "Un éventail, un sourire" by Pierre Bedat de Monlaur (1942)
Salut solennel en sol, for choir, soli, organ and orchestra (1948)
Incidental music
La femme à barde, Farce in Two Acts ; Book by André de la Tourasse (1936)
Automne, Incidental Music with choirs (1937)
Œdipus-rex, Incidental Music with choirs (1939)
Lucifer ou Le Mystère de Caïn, Mystere in One prologue and Three episodes ; Book by René Dumesnil (1940)
Film and documentary music
La Croisière jaune, Léon Poirier and André Sauvage documentary (1934)
The Call of Silence, Léon Poirier film (1936)
Sœurs d'armes, Léon Poirier film (1937)
Brazza ou l'épopée du Congo, Léon Poirier film (1940)
References
External links
1888 births
1954 deaths
20th-century classical composers
20th-century French composers
20th-century French male musicians
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Directors of the Conservatoire de Paris
French classical composers
French male classical composers
Musicians from Paris
Prix de Rome for composition
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
Road incident deaths in Italy
Cromartyshire was an iron sailing vessel with three masts that was built in 1879 by Russell & Co Port Glasgow (yard No 19) for Thomas Law & Co, Glasgow. In 1898 it collided with the CGT liner off Nova Scotia. La Bourgogne sank, resulting in the loss of 571 passengers and crew members while Cromartyshire suffered severe hull loss but was towed into Halifax Harbour by the Allan Line Royal Mail Steamer SS Grecian and managed to get repairs at Halifax, Nova Scotia. In 1901 on a voyage from Leith to Port Elizabeth, Cromartyshire was abandoned on fire off Mossel Bay, but subsequently retrieved. On 24 October 1906, after leaving Antofagasta to load at Iquique, she ran aground on offshore rocks and was destroyed.
References
Clyde Ships
See also
1879 ships
Maritime incidents in 1898
Maritime incidents in 1901
Maritime incidents in 1906
Sailing ships of Scotland
Viimeinen Atlantis (in English The Last Atlantis) is the fourth album by Finnish thrash metal band Stam1na. It was released on February 10, 2010. It features keyboardist Emil Lähteenmäki for the first time as a permanent band member.
The album's lyrics deal with climate change and consumption culture. "The album is a record from an era in which the warning signs were visible for everyone. The water level rises but the map is burning: it is time to choose a direction and start running", commented lyricist Antti Hyyrynen.
The band opened on December 9, 2009 a specific website at viimeinenatlantis.fi domain where the album story was revealed panel by panel in a comic format. In addition to a normal jewelcase CD, the album was released as a vinyl and as a book version, which includes the comic and Joonas Brandt's photo reportage of the album recording. In February 2020, 10 years after the album, novel Viimeinen Atlantis was released. It is first novel by member of the band Antti Hyyrynen.
Track listing
"S.O.S. (Salatkaa oma sijaintinne)" – 2:04 "S.O.S. (Conceal Your Location)"
"Piste jolta ei ollut paluuta" – 5:06 "The Point of No Return"
"Pakkolasku" – 3:15 "Emergency Landing / Must-Pay Bill"
"Jäteputkiaivot" – 3:08 "Waste Pipe Brain"
"Maalla, merellä, ilmassa" – 4:15 "On Land, At Sea, On Air"
"Elämän tarkoitus" – 4:10 "The Meaning of Life"
"Viestintuoja" – 3:54 "The Messenger"
"Rikkipää" – 4:20 "Sulfur Head"
"Tsunami" – 5:31
"Eloonjäänyt" – 5:55 "The Survivor"
"Viimeinen Atlantis" – 5:21 "The Last Atlantis"
Personnel
Antti Hyyrynen – vocals, guitar
Kai-Pekka Kangasmäki – bass guitar, vocals
Emil Lähteenmäki – keyboards
Pekka Olkkonen – lead guitar
Teppo Velin – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Timo Mäkynen – voice on track 1
Sonja Nurmela – backing vocals
Antti Junttila – backing vocals
Perttu Kivilaakso – cello on track 10
Charts
References
External links
Album website
Album production diary at band's site
2010 albums
Stam1na albums
The purple-throated cotinga (Porphyrolaema porphyrolaema) is a species of bird in the cotinga family, Cotingidae. It is found in the western Amazon rainforest of South America; its range extends from southern Colombia south through eastern Ecuador and Peru and east through extreme northwestern Bolivia and into western Amazonian Brazil. It lives in the canopy or along the borders of humid forest throughout its range. The purple-throated cotinga is monotypic within the genus Porphyrolaema and has no known subspecies. It is one of the smaller cotinga species and expresses strong sexual dimorphism. Males have black upperparts with a bold white wingstripe and white edges to the tertial feathers and a white belly with some black barring on the rear flanks. The throat is a deep purple, giving the bird both its common and scientific names. Females are dark brown with pale buffy margins on the upperparts, buffy cinnamon with black barring on the underparts, and rufous on the throat. The male has a powerful voice.
Little research has been done on this species, and not much is known about its ecology. The purple-throated cotinga is primarily frugivorous, although it does occasionally eat small insects. A solitary male attracts a female by perching in the canopy and letting the sunlight reflect off its iridescent feathers. It is suspected to breed year-round and is non-migratory. Despite being considered naturally uncommon or rare across its vast range, the purple-throated cotinga is listed as a species of The Least Concern.
Taxonomy
The purple-throated cotinga was originally described in 1852 as Cotinga porphyrolaema by Emile Deville and Philip Sclater from a male specimen collected near the Ucayali River in Peru's Sarayacu District. The holotype is kept at the Jardin des Plantes in Paris. However, just two years later the species was split from the genus Cotinga into the monotypic genus Porphyrolaema by Charles Lucien Bonaparte. The generic and specific name of porphyrolaema comes from the Ancient Greek words "dark purple," and , "throat."
While it is structurally similar to the Cotinga species, the purple-throated cotinga differs from them in that it has a heavier, stubbier bill, distinctive pale fringing on the back feathers, a square-ended tail, and barred underparts in the female. While it is still generally considered to be closely related to the Cotinga species, recent molecular analysis has suggested that the species may in fact form a separate clade with other canopy-dwelling cotingas, specifically the neotropical bellbirds of the genus Procnias, the cotingas of the genus Carpodectes, the black-faced cotinga of the monotypic genus Conioptilon, and the bare-necked fruitcrow of the monotypic genus Gymnoderus. Of these genera, the molecular analysis suggested that the purple-throated cotinga was most closely related to the neotropical bellbirds. This cotinga does not have a recognized subspecies.
Description
The purple-throated cotinga is strongly sexually dimorphic as male and female purple-throated cotingas have few similarities in their plumage. The male has black upperparts, including the head, wings, and tail. The feathers on the bird's back to its uppertail coverts, as well as its upperwing coverts, have white fringes, giving it a scaled appearance. There is also a conspicuous white wingstripe and white edges to the tertial feathers. Additionally, the male has a deeply purple throat and a white belly, with some black barring on its rear flanks.
In contrast, the female purple-throated cotinga is a dark brown with pale buffy margins on the upperparts. The underparts are a buffy cinnamon with black barring. The throat is a deeper, unbarred rufous in coloration. The female's tail feathers are longer and more pointed at the tip than those of the male. The juvenile purple-throated cotinga resembles a paler, buffier female; the plumage of the immature is undescribed.
The adult purple-throated cotinga is about in length and weighs an average of , with males being very slightly smaller than females. The cotinga has a very wide bill with a strongly arched culmen and weakly developed rictal bristles. The bird's iris is dark brown, while the bill and legs are black. The tail is square-ended.
This species has a powerful if infrequently-used voice, unlike the structurally-similar Cotinga species, which are mostly silent. The male's call is a high, plaintive "preeeeeer" that lasts for one or two seconds while dropping in pitch and is regularly repeated from a treetop perch. It is also known to produce a tremulous "werleeyooo" that can be interspersed with the "preeeeeer" call.
Distribution and habitat
The purple-throated cotinga is found throughout western Amazonia from southern Colombia south through eastern Ecuador and Peru to the Madre de Dios region and east through extreme northwestern Bolivia and into western Amazonian Brazil. The eastern boundary of the species appears to be the lower Rio Negro and northern Mato Grosso in Brazil. The purple-throated cotinga's total range covers approximately , throughout which it occurs in patches at low population densities. In southeastern Peru only two birds were found per , a ratio which likely is true across its range.
The cotinga can be found in the canopy or borders of humid forest up to in elevation, but mostly is restricted to humid forests below . It can be found in either unflooded humid forests or in várzea forests, which are seasonally flooded. It is non-migratory.
Ecology and behavior
The purple-throated cotinga feeds primarily on the fruits of forest trees, most notably those belonging to the genus Cecropia. It also occasionally consumes small invertebrates, such as insects. In portions of its range it is suspected that the cotinga has localized movements as it follows various fruiting events. The cotinga also is known to join mixed-species foraging flocks with other frugivores, including other species of cotinga and toucans. All reported observations of the species feeding involve the cotinga leaning down from its perch to pluck fruit off a tree in the forest canopy. These birds are distinct from similar species in that they are often seen in pairs. This species perches in the canopy to take in the morning sun.
A solitary male purple-throated cotinga attracts a female by perching above the canopy and letting the sun highlight its iridescent plumage. The breeding behavior of this species is largely unknown, but the range in molting times implies that this species may breed year-round. The only observed nest was found in a subcanopy tree about above the ground in December 1997. This nest was placed in the shade to protect it from sunlight at the meeting point of two horizontal branches. Only the female was observed incubating the nest, although the male was frequently seen nearby, possibly watching for predators.
Status
The purple-throated cotinga is not well known and appears to be naturally uncommon or rare across a widespread area; however, it is almost certainly under-reported due to its canopy lifestyle. The IUCN considers this species to be a species of The Least Concern due in part to its large range. While the IUCN has not estimated the population size, it believes it is declining due to habitat loss.
References
Cited texts
External links
Recording
purple-throated cotinga
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
purple-throated cotinga
purple-throated cotinga
purple-throated cotinga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The year 1973 saw a number of significant events in radio broadcasting history.
Events
4 June – KFMH flips from its beautiful music format to alternative rock, using the slogan "99 Plus." The first song is reportedly "I've Seen All Good People" by Yes. The new station quickly gains a cult following and a reputation for playing music and showcasing genres and local artists ignored by other stations.
15 October – Dutch public-broadcasting station Hilversum 3 begins round-the-clock transmission.
No dates
KWNT-FM (106.5 FM) of Davenport, Iowa switches from country music to beautiful music and light easy listening, with the new call letters KRVR (with the slogan "K-River"). The new format will become the signature of the frequency for the next 22 years, but leaves the Quad-Cities market without a full-time FM country music station for most of the next five years. KWNT's AM station (1580 AM) remains country.
André Baruch and his wife move to Palm Beach, Florida to do a top-rated daily four-hour talk show for five years before relocating to Beverly Hills, California.
Debuts
Unknown date - DWFM 92.3, owned by Nation Broadcasting Corporation in Manila, Philippines signs on the air, becoming the third FM station in the nation's capital.
February 5 - WABB-FM in Mobile, Alabama signs on, initially simulcasting its sister AM station and maintaining a top 40/CHR format until March 1, 2012. The first song played was Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again by Bob Dylan, which would be repeated upon WABB-FM's 2012 signoff.
February 23 - DWLL in Manila, Philippines signs on the air as WLL 94.7 or Mellow Touch 94.7 one of the pioneer FM stations that did not have live announcers and music DJs in their programming.
May 16 - URB 963, a student radio station at the University of Bath begins broadcasting
August 27 - WCCO-FM (now KMNB) relaunches with new 100,000 watt signal.
October 6 — American Country Countdown, a country music-oriented version of American Top 40 featuring the top 40 songs of the week based on Billboard magazines Hot Country Singles chart. Created by Don Bustany and Casey Kasem and distributed by Watermark Inc., the host is Don Bowman, who would remain with the program for 4½ years.
October 8 - LBC (later London News 97.3 and News Direct 97.3FM, now LBC 97.3), the first Independent Local Radio station in the United Kingdom, begins broadcasting to the London area.
October 16 - Capital Radio (later Capital FM, now Capital 95.8) begins broadcasting to the London area.
December 31 - Radio Clyde (later Clyde 1, now 102.5 Clyde 1'''), the first independent local radio station outside London, and the first in Scotland, begins broadcasting to the Glasgow area.
Closings
The Feminine Forum concept dropped by KGBS, becoming the Bill Ballance ShowBirths
March 9 - Uribe DJ, Colombian radio personality and television host
April 18 - Jad Abumrad, American radio host, co-founder of Radiolab on public radio
June 22 - Carson Daly, American radio and television personality, host of Last Call with Carson Daly'' on NBC
Deaths
January 11, Isabel Randolph, 83, American character actress in radio and film from the 1940s through the 1960s and in television from the early 1950s to the middle 1960s
January 24, J. Carroll Naish, 76, American character actor
June 1, Walter Greaza, 76, American actor
June 6, Jimmy Clitheroe, 51, English comic entertainer
July 25, Edgar Stehli, 89, American actor
October 27, Howard Marshall, 73, English radio commentator
References
Radio by year
The Institution of Engineers, Bangladesh, commonly referred to as IEB, is the national professional organisation of engineers in Bangladesh. It is registered under the Societies Registration Act (1860) of the country. Within the country, it has 18 centers and 31 sub-centers. It has 10 'overseas chapter' in different countries of the world, namely: Australia, Kuwait, Malaysia, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Thailand, United Arab Emirates and the United States.
History
After the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, the Institution of Engineers, Pakistan was renamed as the Institution of Engineers, Bangladesh, which was founded in 1948, after the end of the British colonial rule in the Indian subcontinent; with its headquarters at Dhaka in Bangladesh.
Around the 1947, a number of senior engineers took initiative to establish a forum of engineers in profession. Soon after, it got its foundation stone laid on 7 May 1948, at Ramna in Dhaka city.
Divisions
IEB has seven divisions within it. They are:
Agriculture Engineering Division
Chemical Engineering Division
Civil Engineering Division
Computer Engineering Division (established in 2011)
Electrical Engineering Division
Mechanical Engineering Division
Textile Engineering Division
Organs
IEB has four independent organs within it. They are:
Board of Accreditation for Engineering and Technical Education
Bangladesh Professional Engineers Registration Board
Engineering Staff College Bangladesh
Occupational Safety Board of Bangladesh
Membership
Every professional engineer of Bangladesh is invited to join the Institution of Engineers, Bangladesh (IEB). As of 2020, it has over 41,500 members.
IEB membership has three categories – Fellowship, Membership and Associate Membership. These categories are based on the experience of the member in the engineering field.
Members of all three categories are entitled to use the title "Engr." before their names.
Board of Accreditation for Engineering and Technical Education (BAETE)
Board of Accreditation for Engineering and Technical Education (BAETE) is a non-governmental body that provides accreditation for engineering programs within the jurisdiction of Bangladesh. It operates as an independent and autonomous agency of the Institution of Engineers, Bangladesh (IEB).
BAETE represents the Institution of Engineers, Bangladesh, a provisional signatory of Washington Accord, an international accreditation agreement for undergraduate professional engineering academic degrees. BAETE is also a full member of Network of Accreditation Bodies for Engineering Education in Asia (NABEEA). BAETE also represents IEB in The Federation of Engineering Institutions of Asia and the Pacific (FEIAP).
References
External links
Official Website
Engineering societies
Professional associations based in Bangladesh
Science and technology in Bangladesh
Organizations established in 1948
Accreditation organizations
Professional titles and certifications
Engineering education
Bangladeshi engineers
James McGrew (26 January 1822 – 19 January 1911) was an American politician. Between 1865 and 1867 he served as Lieutenant Governor of Kansas.
Life
James McGrew was born in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He attended local Schools. When he was 22 years old he moved with his parents to the Iowa Territory. Later he ran a department store in Lancaster in that territory. In 1857 he came to Wyandotte County, Kansas where he continued to work as a merchant. He joined the Republican Party and in 1859 and 1860 he was a Member of the Legislative of the Kansas Territory. In addition he was twice elected to the office of the Mayor of Wyandotte, which is now a part of Kansas City, Kansas. In 1862 he was elected to the Kansas Senate.
Two years later he won the election for Lieutenant Governor of Kansas. He served in this position between 9 January 1865 and 14 January 1867 when his term ended. In this function he was the deputy of Governor Samuel J. Crawford. After the end of his term he continued his business as a merchant. He died on 19 January 1911 in Kansas City.
External links
The Political Graveyard
Online Biography
Kansas Lieutenant Governors
1822 births
1911 deaths
19th-century American politicians
People from Adams County, Pennsylvania
People from Wyandotte County, Kansas
Businesspeople from Iowa
Businesspeople from Kansas
Mayors of places in Kansas
Kansas state senators
Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
Kansas Republicans
19th-century American businesspeople
Risoba vialis is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in India, Philippines, Sulawesi and Sundaland.
References
External links
images at boldsystems.org
Nolidae
Moths described in 1881
A vine is typically the grapevine (Vitis), but can refer more generally to any plant with a growth habit of trailing or climbing stems or runners.
Vine or Vines may also refer to:
Science and technology
Vine (service), a video app owned by Twitter
Vine Linux, a Linux distribution
Vinelink.com, styled as VINE, a website that allows people to track the movements of prisoners
Vine VNC client and server for OS X, part of the Eggplant GUI test automation tool
Vine Toolkit, an open source software framework used to create web applications
Amazon Vine, a program of Amazon.com that gives free products to customers in exchange for reviews
Banyan VINES, a network operating system
Microsoft Vine, an online service by Microsoft used to keep in touch with people in case of an emergency
Vine copula, a graphical tool for labeling constraints in high-dimensional probability distributions
Human names
Vine (surname)
Vines (surname)
Music
Vine (album), by Chris Cheek
"Vine", a song by Avail from Over the James, 1998
"Vine", a song by Spratleys Japs from Pony, 1999
Places
Vine, Indiana, an unincorporated community in the U.S.
Vine, Zagorje ob Savi, a settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi, central Slovenia
Vines High School, in Plano, Texas, U.S.
Other uses
Vine (demon), in theology, a denizen of Hell
VINE Transit, a public transit system in Napa County
Vine, a female professional wrestler from the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling
Vines, a toy in the Beanie Babies 2.0 line
The Vine, a bus rapid transit service in Vancouver, Washington
See also
Grapevine (disambiguation)
Vine Street (disambiguation)
The Vines (disambiguation)
Wine (disambiguation)
Mustahamba is a village in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in Estonia.
References
Villages in Võru County
A green design concept is to facilitate sustainable use of the resources – energy, water and other materials – all through the complete life cycle of the building including its construction.
Glass is a useful material that has such advantages such as Transparency, Natural Day-lighting, permitting a sky view and Acoustic control, depending on the glazing solution used. Glass is a wholly recyclable material.
Glass is beloved by architects as well as designers.
Glass can play a role in accomplishing greater indoor environmental quality and when used carefully can improve energy efficiency, however a measured approach needs to be taken to ensure the building loads are not excessively increased due to solar gain.
The intent of a green building design is to curtail the demand on non-renewable resources, amplify utilization efficiency of these resources when in use, and augment the reuse, recycling, and consumption of renewable resources.
Double glazed glass
Architects use high-performance double-glazed glass, which is laminated or coated, to moderate interior temperatures by controlling heat loss and gain. The coating filters the heat-producing aspects of solar rays. The use of such glass in green buildings is used comprehensively in tropical climates as well as the Middle East.
Solar control glass
Solar control glass can be an eye-catching characteristic of a building whilst at the same time diminishing, or even eradicating the need for an air-conditioning system, reducing running costs of the building and saving energy. Solar control glass can be particular for any situation where unwarranted solar heat gain is likely to be a bother. E.g. Large façades, glass walkways, atria and conservatories.
References
External links
Guidelines for use of Glass in Green Buildings
Glass in Buildings
Glassisgreen
Glass in Architecture
Glass in Building
Glass and Building Regulations
Australia standards for Glass in Buildings
CODE OF PRACTICE FOR USE OF GLASS IN BUILDINGS
Deutsches - Glass in building
Glass architecture
Sustainable building
The Cincinnati Public Landing is the landing on the banks of the Ohio River in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
The Cincinnati Public Landing by 1825 had shipbuilding facilities. It was described in 1841 as a space of nearly , with a front of almost . In the age of steamboat transport, the public landing was frequently jammed with riverboat traffic with 5,000 arrivals and departures per season.
The historic showboat Majestic was moored at the Public Landing until it was sold in 2019 at public auction and relocated to Manchester, Ohio.
References
Transportation buildings and structures in Cincinnati
Transportation buildings and structures in Ohio
Pinnacle Race Course was a thoroughbred horse racing track in Huron Township, Michigan, southwest of Detroit off of Interstate 275. The track was just south of the Detroit Metro Airport, in Wayne County. The track was built on land owned by Wayne County, and the county lost $36 million when it failed. In 2021, it was announced that an Amazon fulfillment center will be constructed on the site of the former track.
Development and opening
The track was described by Wayne County Executive Robert Ficano as an experiment in cutting red tape. Ficano said, "I see this as an experiment to see if we can deliver speed, speed, speed..." Ficano was convinced by Republic Bancorp founder Jerry Campbell that a track would be viable in Wayne County, and would generate 2,300 permanent jobs. Based on this Wayne County sold the developer 320 acres of land for $1, and spent $26 million building roads, and installing sewer and water to the site.
The track opened on July 18, 2008. The track was rushed into operation in the summer of 2008 to replace Muskegon's Great Lakes Downs on the Michigan racing schedule. Magna Entertainment Corporation closed Great Lakes Downs in November 2007 after years of financial losses.
Physical attributes
The track was a one-mile dirt oval, with plans to build a 7/8-mile turf course by 2010.
The track opened with a 1,000-seat temporary grandstand, with a 4,000-seat permanent grandstand expected to be complete by 2010.
Both of these projected upgrades never started.
Racing
The inaugural season of thoroughbred racing started July 18, 2008, ending November 2, 2008. The long-term plans call for racing annually from March through November, with the Michigan Derby for three-year-olds running in April, as a prep race for the Kentucky Derby.
In 2010 live racing was cut to Saturdays and Sundays only, 44 days in all, due to a budget reduction in the state's racing commission. The track also has reportedly not paid many of their bills in 2010 and had their utilities cut-off for a time and as of February 2011 their website was down.
On Nov. 3, 2010, Pinnacle Race Course surrendered its license back to the State of Michigan due to mounting financial problems. After doing so, the race track suspended all operations, giving no word on whether they would re-open or not. As of April 1, 2011, foreclosure proceedings are now in effect. Notices signifying such a situation are now prominently displayed on doors and windows of the building.
By 2014, the track permanently closed and was demolished in 2016.
References
Horse racing venues in Michigan
Sports venues completed in 2008
Sports venues in Wayne County, Michigan
Defunct horse racing venues in the United States
2008 establishments in Michigan
2016 disestablishments in Michigan
Sports venues demolished in 2016
George Watson (20 February 1768 – 17 June 1824) was a British Member of Parliament.
He was the son of Lewis Watson, 1st Baron Sondes of Lees Court, Kent and his wife Grace, the daughter and coheiress of Hon. Henry Pelham of Esher Place, Surrey (later the Prime Minister) and educated at Eton College (1780–85).
He was MP for Canterbury from 1800 to 1806 and appointed High Sheriff of Rutland for 1811–12.
He died unmarried aged 56. He was buried at Rockingham, Northamptonshire.
References
1768 births
1824 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1796–1800
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1801–1802
UK MPs 1802–1806
High Sheriffs of Rutland
Younger sons of barons
"Geronimo" is an instrumental by British group the Shadows, released as a single in November 1963. It peaked at number 11 on the UK Singles Chart.
Release and reception
"Geronimo" was written by the Shadows' Hank Marvin and was released with the B-side "Shazam", originally recorded by Duane Eddy in 1960. "Geronimo" was recorded at EMI Studios (later renamed Abbey Road) in December 1962; "Shazam" was recorded at the Jubilee Theatre in Blackpool in August 1963 whilst the group were on tour.
Reviewed in Record Mirror, "Geronimo" was described as having "an "Apache" beat in the background, and the whole thing moves along smoothly. Maybe not up to the standard of some of their previous hits, but cleverly played, and with a driving beat. Norrie Paramor string and choral backing. But we don't reckon this'll do so well as most of theirs". For Disc, Don Nicholl wrote that it "gallops along well in the spirit of its Red Indian title" and that it is "a good production that ought to do at least as well as "Shindig".
Track listing
7": Columbia / DB 7163
"Geronimo" – 2:19
"Shazam" – 2:18
Personnel
Hank Marvin – electric lead guitar, multi-tracked electric lead guitar
Bruce Welch – acoustic rhythm guitar
Brian "Licorice" Locking – electric bass guitar
Brian Bennett – drums
Norrie Paramor Strings – all other instrumentation
Charts
References
1963 singles
The Shadows songs
Songs written by Hank Marvin
1960s instrumentals
1963 songs
Columbia Graphophone Company singles
Song recordings produced by Norrie Paramor
Rock instrumentals
Dryobalanops keithii is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. The species is named after H.G. Keith, 1899–1982, a Conservator of Forests in North Borneo (now Sabah). This species is endemic to Borneo, where it is threatened due to habitat loss. It is a main canopy to low emergent tree, up to 40 m tall, found in mixed dipterocarp forest on well-drained but moist clay soils. It is a heavy hardwood sold under the trade names of Kapur.
References
keithii
Endemic flora of Borneo
Trees of Borneo
Flora of Sabah
Critically endangered flora of Asia
Carmona is a district of the Nandayure canton, in the Guanacaste province of Costa Rica.
Geography
Carmona has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
Villages
Administrative center of the district is the village of Carmona.
Other villages in the district are Camas, Limones, Maquenco, San Rafael and Vista de Mar.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Carmona had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 161
National Route 902
National Route 903
References
Districts of Guanacaste Province
Populated places in Guanacaste Province
Fabiano da Silva Souza (born February 17, 1990 in Campo Grande), simply known as Fabiano, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as left back for Operário Ferroviário.
Career
Fabiano came through the youth ranks at CENE and made his senior debut in the 2010 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D game against Madureira on 7 August 2010. He played three seasons in Série D for the club, and had a loan spell at São José-RS in 2012, before signing for XV de Piracicaba in June 2013 to play in the 2013 Copa Paulista and 2014 Campeonato Paulista.
After four seasons of playing state league football in Campeonato Paulista and Campeonato Goiano he had a brief, largely unsuccessful spell with Remo in 2016. He signed for Bragantino soon after leaving Remo, and played three seasons in Série B and Série C with them, a period which also encompassed a loan spell with Água Santa in 2017 after the Série C campaign had finished.
In September 2018 he signed a contract with Vitória until the end of 2020, initially playing in the 2018 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A before being loaned to Coritiba for the 2019 season as part of the deal which saw Ruy being loaned in the other direction.
Career statistics
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Esporte Clube São José players
Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Piracicaba) players
Mirassol Futebol Clube players
Itumbiara Esporte Clube players
Clube do Remo players
Clube Atlético Bragantino players
Esporte Clube Água Santa players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
People from Campo Grande
Sportspeople from Mato Grosso do Sul
Argument to moderation ()—also known as false compromise, argument from middle ground, and the golden mean fallacy—is the fallacy that the truth is supposedly always a compromise between two opposing positions. An example would be to regard two opposed arguments, with one person (correctly) saying that the sky is blue and another saying that the sky is in fact yellow, and incorrectly conclude that the sky is the intermediate colour of green.
See also
Centrism
False balance
Golden mean (philosophy)
Horseshoe theory
View from nowhere
Wisdom of the crowd
References
External links
False Compromise at ChangingMinds.org
Relevance fallacies
Latin logical phrases
In the Australian Football League (AFL), previously the Victorian Football League (VFL), the pre-season competition, known during its history by a variety of sponsored names and most recently as the NAB Cup, was an annual Australian rules football tournament held amongst clubs prior to the premiership season between 1988 and 2013. The pre-season competition culminated annually in a grand final and pre-season premier.
After the 2013 season, the pre-season competition has consisted of a series of matches without an eventual winner. This series is currently known by the sponsored name AAMI Community Series.
History
The pre-season competition was established from the Australian Football Championships Night Series in 1988. The Night Series had been a competition featuring VFL, SANFL, WAFL and minor states representative teams which had been staged partly in the pre-season and partly during the premiership season, generally finishing in July; but, it had reduced in size and importance until 1987, when only VFL teams were involved and the competition was finished by the end of April. In 1988, the competition was moved entirely into the pre-season, and became the VFL Pre-season Cup. The pre-season competition is generally considered to be of equivalent importance as both the AFC Night Series and the VFL Night Series (1956–1971), and records relating to the three competitions are often combined.
Between 1988 and 1999, the competition was run as a simple knock-out tournament in which the winning teams moved through to the next round and losing teams were eliminated. Before there were sixteen teams in the AFL, the previous season's top-ranked teams (either the premier or both grand finalists) were advanced directly to the second round; after Fremantle entered the league as the 16th team in 1995, all teams began in the first round. In 1992, the competition introduced the Michael Tuck Medal for the best player in the grand final.
After criticism that the knock-out format limited the preparation of the losing teams, a round-robin format was introduced in 2000. The sixteen teams were split into groups of four, each playing three pool matches with the winner of each group advancing to the knockout semi-final stage. The public reaction to the change was mixed, as the atmosphere at some of the pool games was noticeably flat compared with previous years. The competition reverted to the straight knock-out format in 2003, and retained that format until 2010.
In 2011, the pre-season competition expanded to eighteen teams with the addition of the Gold Coast Suns (which joined the day premiership in 2011) and the Greater Western Sydney Giants (which joined the day premiership in 2012). Over the following three years, the first round of the pre-season competition was staged with six pools of three teams, with each group playing a round-robin of half-length lightning matches on the same day at the same venue. The format from that point was:
In 2011, the winner of each of the six groups, and the two teams with the next-best records, advanced to an eight-team knock-out tournament of full-length games.
In 2012 and 2013, all teams then played two pre-scheduled full-length games, giving each team a total of four matches (two lightning matches and two full-length matches). The teams with the best two records over the four matches then faced off in the Grand Final.
Since 2014, the competitive aspect of the preseason was abandoned altogether, and replaced with a series of discrete practice matches spanning a three-to-four-week period prior to the home-and-away season. This format features no ranking or overall winner. Since 2021, the series has been known as the AAMI Community Series.
Winners
Source:
Most Pre-Season Cup Competition Premierships 1988–2013 (26 Seasons)
^ = Joint Winners as Semi-Finalists
Rules
Most games during the pre-season competition, including the final, were night matches. Normal games were typically played slightly short of full-length (quarters lasting 17½ or 18 minutes plus time-on instead of the normal 20), and with an extended interchange bench of six or eight players to offer less physically demanding conditions for the pre-season games. Lightning matches, when they were played from 2011 until 2013, were played over two-halves of 20 minutes plus time-on. Extra time was played to resolve drawn knock-out games.
From 2003 to 2017, pre-season matches featured the super goal as a scoring option. The super goal, which scores nine points, is awarded for a goal kicked from beyond the 50-metre arc.
Particularly in the 21st century, the pre-season competition was used to trial rule changes before they are introduced into the premiership season. Among the notable rule trials were:
2003
Three points for a deliberate rushed behind.
2005
After a behind is scored, no requirement to wait for the goal umpires to finish waving their flags before kicking out. (Has been introduced into the premiership season)
A larger centre circle.
Four field umpires
Umpires coming in 10m from the boundary line to throw in the ball.
Play on if the ball hits the goal post and bounces back into the field of play.
2006
Play on called for backward kicks, except when that kick takes place within the attacking team's forward 50m.
2007
Video replay umpire for goals. Ability for goal umpire decisions to be overruled by video umpire.
All nine umpires able to pay free kicks (includes boundary and goal umpires) (Trialled only in Melbourne vs Hawthorn Round 1 NAB Cup 2007)
Play on called for backward kicks, only in the defensive half of the field.
Kick must travel 20m to be paid a mark.
2008
Eight players on the interchange bench, only 16 interchanges permitted each quarter.
2.5m x 6.5m "no-go" area around the centre bounce, where players are prohibited before and during the bounce until the umpire clears the area.
Centre bounces only at the start of a quarter and after goals, ball is thrown up otherwise. (Has been introduced into the premiership season)
2009
If the ball is hand-passed or kicked for a rushed behind the opposition receives a free kick (Introduced into the premiership season in 2009 AFL season)
2010
Players can determine if there is an advantage in play (has been introduced into the premiership season)
Notable events
1990
Essendon vs Fitzroy (Feb.28) was the first VFL/AFL match to be decided using extra-time – the Bombers getting home by a goal in overtime then winning their next two matches to claim the title.
1993
Problems with new turf at Waverley Park forced the relocation of three matches – Melbourne v Collingwood (Feb.17) was moved to Princes Park, whilst Essendon v Brisbane (Feb.27) and Footscray v Fitzroy (Feb.28) were moved to Kardinia Park.
A record night series/pre-season Grand Final crowd of 75,533 fans saw Essendon defeat Richmond.
1997
The Grand Final was held at the MCG to capitalise on Grand Prix weekend in Melbourne, the first time it had been played away from Waverley Park. A near-record crowd of 74,786 watched Carlton defeat Geelong.
1998
Pre-season football was played outside Australia for the first time, with Brisbane defeating Fremantle in Cape Town, South Africa (Feb.22) followed by Melbourne defeating Sydney in Wellington, New Zealand (Mar.1).
2000
Carlton and Collingwood played the earliest pre-season match in history, with a one-off match called the "Millennium Challenge" played on the evening of 31 December 1999 at the MCG and counting towards the preseason competition. The game was sparsely attended.
2001
The final was played for the first time between two non-Victorian teams, and consequently the match was played outside Victoria, at Football Park in Adelaide.
2006
A new rule was introduced to determine the venue of the pre-season Grand Final. The team scoring the most goals in the first three rounds would host the title match. If two teams were tied after the semi-finals the number of super goals kicked would act as a tie-breaker.
Naming rights sponsors
Panasonic Cup (1988–89)
Foster's Cup (1990–94)
Ansett Australia Cup (1995–2001)
Wizard Home Loans Cup (2002–05)
NAB Cup (2006–2013)
NAB Challenge (2014–2016)
JLT Community Series (2017-19)
Marsh Community Series (2020)
AAMI Community Series (2021–)
Trophy
The design of the trophy for the pre-season competition has varied greatly over the years.
When it was the Wizard Home Loans Cup it was affectionately known by fans as the "Wizard Wok" due to the shape of it being like a wok.
More recently it has taken the more traditional trophy shape.
Monetary prize
The prize money awarded to the winning club was A$180,000 as of the 2012 NAB Cup, awarded by the National Australia Bank as major sponsor of the competition.
As an incentive for clubs to produce competitive performances in the pre-season competition, a bonus A$1 million in prize money was on offer to any club which could win both the pre-season cup and premiership during the 2007 AFL season. This prize would have been separate from the A$220,000 and A$1.4 million prizes for the NAB Cup and premiership victors, respectively, and was pledged by the league's two major sponsors, Toyota and National Australia Bank. The distribution of the prize would have resulted in half being awarded to the winning club and half being divided among the club's players. Ultimately, however, this offer did not eventuate, as two separate clubs, Carlton and Geelong, won the 2007 NAB Cup and 2007 premiership, respectively, and the incentive was discontinued in future seasons.
Attendances
Although many clubs and coaches (especially the wealthier clubs) do not take the pre-season competition seriously and use the competition as a chance to test young and inexperienced players, the preseason competition proved reasonably popular with spectators. The competition's Grand Final could draw more than 60,000 spectators to the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and usually drew more than 40,000 to Docklands Stadium or Football Park (both of which have a capacity of around 55,000)
Other pre-season competitions
Lightning premiership
A lightning premiership was held for the only time in the modern era in 1996 – the centenary season of the AFL. It was a knock-out competition played from Friday, 9 February until Sunday, 11 February, with four shortened games each evening at Waverley Park, each consisting of two 17.5-minute halves.
The game trialled a number of highly experimental rules, including three points awarded both for deliberate rushed behinds and balls which hit the goalposts, and timekeepers not blowing the siren if scores were tied. However, the rule which altered play most significantly was the ball not being thrown in from the boundary line after travelling out of bounds, a free kick being awarded instead against the last team to touch the ball. Essendon won the title, defeating Brisbane by 17 points in the grand final.
Regional challenge
Since 2003, the AFL has run a series of pre-season practice matches called the "Regional Challenge" or "NAB Challenge" for clubs that are eliminated from the main pre-season cup competition. It provides eliminated teams with match practice before the main premiership season and brings the game to fans in remote areas and can gauge interest in new markets.
Venues are limited to those that are considered AFL standard. This requires surfaces that prevent injury to players, spectator facilities including grandstand seating, and adequate lights for night matches. Many of the matches in this series are still played at current AFL and former AFL metropolitan venues, particularly since 2007 when the Victorian drought made many regional grounds in Victoria either unavailable or unsuitable for AFL matches. Although the games were exhibitional in nature and there was no prize, they attracted a large amount of interest in regional areas and have grown in popularity.
While attendances for these matches are sometimes published in the media and the AFL carries match reports on all matches, the AFL does not always publish attendance for these matches as the attendances are quite low by AFL standards. In 2005, the total Regional Challenge attendance was 117,552, up from 87,000 in 2004 and 76,000 in 2003.
See also
List of Australian Football League pre-season and night series premiers
Michael Tuck Medal, awarded to the best player in a night series grand final
References
Saudi Arabia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Athletics
Men's Track
Men's Field
See also
Saudi Arabia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Saudi Arabia
Enge is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Charles Enge (1869–1945), American politician
Detlef Enge (born 1952), East German footballer
Erik Enge (1852–1933), Norwegian politician
Ivar P. Enge (1922–2013), Norwegian radiologist
James Enge, pseudonym of James M. Pfundstein, American writer
Jonas Enge (1908–1981), Norwegian politician
Ludvig Enge (1878–1953), Norwegian civil servant and politician
Rolv Enge (1921–2014), Norwegian resistance member and architect
Tomáš Enge (born 1976), Czech racing driver
The Star Schools Program is a United States government program created to honor schools. Established as part of the United States Department of Education in 1988, the purpose of this program is to:
Encourage improved instruction in mathematics, science, foreign languages, and other subjects.
Serve underserved populations, including disadvantaged, non-reading, and limited English proficient populations and individuals with disabilities. Star Schools grants are made to eligible telecommunications partnerships, to enable such partnerships to:
develop, construct, acquire, maintain, and operate telecommunications audio and visual facilities and equipment;
develop and acquire educational and instructional programming; and
obtain technical assistance for the use of such facilities and instructional programming.
See also
United States Department of Education
No Child Left Behind
References
Star Schools Program
Education in the United States
United States Department of Education
School programs
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" is a song by British pop duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, and appears on the duo's sixth studio album, Savage (1987). It was released as the fourth and final single from the album in the United Kingdom and as the second in the United States. In the first, it was the only single from the album to reach the top 20 on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 16 (the duo's 12th overall).
Composition
The track is driven by a drum machine and is a mostly synth-based ballad. Lyrically, Lennox sings of mustering the power to leave a destructive relationship with a lover who does not return the affection she deserves ("...a woman's just too tired to think / about the dirty old dishes in the kitchen sink").
Critical reception
Pan-European magazine Music & Media wrote, "Another spellbinding song from the beautiful Savage LP. Both rocking and contemplative and carrying an inescapeable groove."
Music video
The song's accompanying music video continued the concept directed by Sophie Muller (seen earlier in the videos for the singles "Beethoven (I Love to Listen To)" and "I Need a Man", and throughout most of the Savage video album).
Track listings
7-inch: RCA (UK, GER, SPA, AUS, JP)
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (LP version) – 3:52
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (acoustic version) – 3:20
* acoustic version was recorded at Corbin Hall, 1988
7-inch: RCA (CAN)
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (LP version) – 3:52
"Wide Eyed Girl" (LP version) – 3:34
7-inch: RCA (US)
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (LP version) – 3:52
"Wide Eyed Girl" (LP version) – 3:34
* The US promo 7-inch single has the A-side as "Chill Mix" 4:00
12-inch: RCA (UK, GER)
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (dance mix) – 7:52
"Do You Want to Break Up?" (dance mix) – 6:12
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (acoustic version) – 3:20
12-inch: RCA (US)
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (LP version) – 3:52
"Here Comes the Rain Again" (live version) – 7:36
"Wide Eyed Girl" (LP version) – 3:34
*live version recorded in Sydney, February 1987
CD single: RCA (UK)
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (LP version) – 3:52
"Do You Want to Break Up?" (LP version) – 3:40
"Here Comes the Rain Again" (live version)* – 7:39
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" (acoustic version) – 3:27
* live version recorded in Sydney, February 1987
Credits and personnel
Annie Lennox – songwriter
David A. Stewart – producer, songwriter
Mastered at Sterling
Charts
References
External links
Track listings
1988 singles
Eurythmics songs
Music videos directed by Sophie Muller
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
1987 songs
Anne-Marie Blanc (born 16 December 1931 Piennes, France) is a French writer and novelist. Her first novel, Marie-Romaine, won the Prix Erckmann-Chatrian in 1978.
Works
1978: Marie-Romaine, novel, 1990 .
1991: Le Bassin de Landres : Baroncourt, Bouligny, Joudreville, Landres, Piennes, collective work under the direction of Anne-Marie Blanc, .
1991: Pays-Haut, .
2002: Pays-Haut, dits et récits 1939-1989, volume 2, La Parenthèse, .
References
External links
Anne-Marie Blanc on La Lorraine des écrivains
20th-century French non-fiction writers
21st-century French non-fiction writers
French women novelists
People from Meurthe-et-Moselle
1931 births
Living people
20th-century French women writers
21st-century French women writers
Chris Doyle is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played for the Newtown Jets and Canterbury-Bankstown in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Playing career
Doyle made his first grade debut for Newtown in 1976. At the end of 1976, Newtown claimed the wooden spoon after finishing last on the table. Newtown would subsequently finish last in 1977 and 1978. In 1979, Newtown appointed Warren Ryan as new head coach. Ryan took Newtown from being a struggling outfit to being premiership contenders by 1981. Newtown would eventually reach the 1981 NSWRL grand final against Parramatta but Doyle missed the match due to injury. Newtown would go on to be defeated 20–11 at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Doyle played 13 games for Newtown in 1983 which would prove to be the club's last in the top grade of Australian rugby league. Doyle played in Newtown's final ever match in the NSWRL premiership, which was a 9–6 victory over the Canberra Raiders at Campbelltown Stadium.
In 1985, Doyle joined Canterbury-Bankstown after Newtown were evicted from the premiership due to financial reasons in 1984. Doyle made 3 appearances for Canterbury-Bankstown over 2 seasons as he mainly played for their reserve grade team. At the end of 1986, Doyle was released by Canterbury after playing a total of 28 games for the side across all grades.
References
1958 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Newtown Jets players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league locks
Rugby league centres
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league players from Sydney
Nandom is the capital town of the Nandom Municipal of the Upper West Region of Ghana.
Nandom town and the multiple villages that surround it to the north, south, east, and west are inhabited by Dagara people. The Dagara of the Nandom municipal and the Dagaaba to the south of Nandom are the same ethnic group, though they speak two different dialects of the same language. The people of Nandom speak the Lobr dialect, and the Dagaaba to the south speak Ngmere (or Central Dàgááre). People in Nandom use the label 'Dagara' for the language and the people and southern speakers us the label 'Dagaaba' for the people and Dagaare for the language. These are, however, different pronunciations of the same language rather than names of the two dialects, as many people have taken them to be. The two dialects of the language are mutually intelligible.
Nandom used to be part of the Lawra-Nandom District. It became a district by itself in 2012 and in 2020 it became a municipal, called the Nandom Municipal, with a parliamentary representative in the Parliament of Ghana in the capital city of Accra. Nandom town is east of the Volta River which is the natural border between Ghana and neighbouring Burkina Faso. There is a road running west of Nandom to the River Volta ending at the village of Dabagteng. north of Nandom is a town called Hamile where there is a formal border between Ghana and Burkina Faso with customs and immigration offices. Many of the towns and villages across the border in southern Burkina Faso also speak the same dialect as the Dagara of Nandom. Other dialects such as Wiile and Ule are, also spoken in Burkina Faso.
The Catholic Basilica in Nandom is built of stone and used to be the largest Christian church in West Africa. Christian missionary activities in the area were introduced by the Catholic Missionaries of Africa (also called the White Fathers) in the 1930s. The Catholic church was built of stone through labour provided by the native people themselves.
In the middle of the town resides most of the members of the Muslim community. The majority of Muslims are from other parts of Ghana or neighboring Burkina Faso. Most of them are Mossi people from Burkina Faso who settled in the town several decades ago.
Nandom is the home of Nandom Senior High School, a Catholic school established by the FIC Brothers. The town is also home to the Nandom Technical School, also established by the FIC Brothers. St. Anne's Vocational School for girls was established by the Catholic church. There are also elementary schools: St. Andrew School, and St. Paul School. Most of the villages in the area have their own primary and/or middle schools.
References
Populated places in the Upper West Region
Chyżowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Oakland Beach is a neighborhood and beach located in the South Central area of Warwick, Rhode Island, on Greenwich Bay, a tributary of Narragansett Bay. In the late 1800s, Oakland Beach was the site of the camp ground for the six day annual training encampment of the Rhode Island Militia. Around 1895 the encampment was moved to a larger and better equipped facility at Quonset Point.
This densely populated community of small cottages was developed after World War I as a summer colony, largely for nearby Providence's middle-class Irish, Greek and Italian communities.
Oakland Beach reached its heyday in the 1930s when it boasted a bathing beach, boat docks and restaurants, as well as a Ferris wheel, and rail service to Providence and other nearby summer colonies. Popular local attractions included an arcade, carousel (merry go round) movie theater, bowling alley and dodgem cars, it also housed a skating rink run by the same people who ran the oldest family run skating rink in the country which replaced the one in Oakland Beach after the 1930s New England Hurricane.
The New England Hurricane of 1938, however, destroyed much of Oakland Beach. The area never quite recovered, and Hurricane Carol in 1954 added to the area's destruction. Over the years, Oakland Beach has become a destination where people come to attend the many activities on the green, park by the sea wall to enjoy the beautiful vista of Greenwich Bay, kayak the scenic coves, stroll the shoreline and dine at the restaurants. The most notable being Iggy's Doughboys and Chowderhouse, Iggy's Boardwalk and also Top of the Bay (which used to be the Governor's residence). New to the area is The Beach Cafe and Pub.
In the late 1980s a novelty song called Born in Oakland Beach was made which used the tune of Bruce Springsteen's ''Born in the USA. It was played on local radio stations and referenced local landmarks like Veterans Memorial High School and Rocky Point.
References
External links
Oakland Beach Slide Show
Neighborhoods in Rhode Island
Narragansett Bay
Populated coastal places in Rhode Island
Populated places in Providence County, Rhode Island
Makenna Cowgill (born September 11, 1998) is an American actress. She has provided voices for many animated and non-animated movies.
Filmography
Bambi II (2006)
Meet the Robinsons (2007)
The Time Traveler's Wife (2009)
Diary of a Wimpy Kid (2010)
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules
"Kung Fu Panda 2"
"Astro Boy"
"Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa"
"Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted"
"Monster House"
"Megamind"
Monsters University
"Kung Fu Panda Holiday"
"Monsters vs. Aliens: Mutant Pumpkins from Outer Space"
"NCIS"
"CSI"
"Modern Family"
"Sordid Lives"
References
External links
American television actresses
American film actresses
Living people
1998 births
21st-century American women
The Politechnika Warszawska PW-4 Pelikan was a motor-glider variant of the two seat Polish PW-3 Bakcyl glider. Only one flew.
Design and development
The Pelikan's structure and general layout was based on that of the PW-3 Bakcyl trainer glider. Both had fibreglass-epoxy structures, with a high wing, a tailboom with a conventional tail and a forward fuselage with two seats in tandem under a long canopy. Their differences stemmed from the pusher engine and its propeller, together with new landing gear to enable self-powered take-offs.
Both aircraft had two-part wings built around a single spar with a glassfibre-covered D-box ahead of it and fabric covering behind. Unlike the Bakcyl, no forward sweep was necessary because the weight of the engine moved the centre of gravity rearwards to the passenger's seat, allowing the Pelikan to be flown with that seat occupied or empty, so the central section of the wing was rectangular in plan and the long tips straight-tapered on both leading and trailing edges. As on the Bakcyl, ailerons were on the outer sections and spoilers inboard, just behind the spars. The wings were braced from the lower fuselage with a single, faired strut to the spar on each side.
Forward of the wing the two aircraft were similar but the pod of the Pelikan ended ahead of the trailing edge of the wing. Its flat four, air-cooled, Limbach L2000 engine was mounted on the wing and drove a pusher propeller, requiring the slender, rounded tailboom to be lowered from the wing, on the Bakcyl, to the bottom of the pod. The tail was similar to that of the Bakcyl, with a tall, broad fin and smaller, fabric covered rudder, together trapezoidal in profile, and a smaller, low set, fin-mounted, rectangular plan horizontal tail at the extreme end of the tailboom, its one-piece elevator aft of the rudder.
The Pelikan had fixed tricycle gear with mainwheels, equipped with brakes, on arched, cantilever, fibreglass-epoxy/spring legs from the lower fuselage (though one photograph shows an additional drag strut) and a smaller, steerable nosewheel.
Two airframes were built but only one flew, with the other used for stress-testing. The first flight was on 23 December 1990.
Operational history
A very long series of testing followed, only concluding on 29 July 1995. It was decided that the Pelikan would not sell well, so no more were built. The prototype was operated by the Institute of Aeronautics and Applied Mechanics of Warsaw University of Technology. It displayed at the 16th Meeting of Amateur Aviation Structures in Oleśnica in June 1997 and remained active until seriously damaged in an accident on 11 November 2012. In that period it logged 800 hours of flight.
It never flew again but was restored to display condition by 2015 and can be seen in the Polish Aviation Museum, Kraków.
Specifications
References
Pusher aircraft
Motor gliders
aircraft first flown in 1990
1990s Polish ultralight aircraft
John Michael McConathy (born December 27, 1955) is an American basketball coach and the winningest college basketball coach in Louisiana history. He is currently the head men's basketball coach at Northwestern State University in Natchitoches, Louisiana. He was reared in Bossier City and played college basketball at Louisiana Tech, earning honorable mention All-American honors. From 1983 to 1999, McConathy was the basketball coach at Bossier Parish Community College, originally an entity of the Bossier Parish School Board. He was hired as head coach at Northwestern State in March 1999.
He is the son of the late John McConathy, a former NBA player who was selected fifth overall in the 1951 NBA draft. John McConathy was a superintendent of the Bossier Parish School Board prior to his retirement in 1983.
Head coaching record
References
1955 births
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Louisiana
Basketball players from Louisiana
Chicago Bulls draft picks
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Junior college men's basketball coaches in the United States
Louisiana Tech Bulldogs basketball players
Northwestern State Demons basketball coaches
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Bossier City, Louisiana
People from Natchitoches, Louisiana
Vanuatu maintains diplomatic relations with many countries, and it has a small network of diplomatic missions. Australia, France, Japan, New Zealand, the People's Republic of China and the United Kingdom maintain embassies, High Commissions, or missions in Port Vila. The British High Commission maintained a continued presence for almost a century, though closed from 2005 until reopening in 2019.
The government's main concern has been to bolster the economy. In keeping with its need for financial assistance, Vanuatu has joined the Asian Development Bank, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund (IMF). According to ABC Radio Australia, "Foreign policy issues that feature in Vanuatu include wide support for the Free West Papua Movement and broadly for independence throughout Melanesia, the One China Policy and relations with Australia and New Zealand." On the latter topic, guest worker programmes feature prominently.
History
1980s: the Lini policies
Vanuatu (formerly the New Hebrides) obtained independence from France and the United Kingdom in 1980. The country's first elected leader, Prime Minister Father Walter Lini, governed Vanuatu from 1980 to 1991, and shaped its initial foreign policy in distinct ways. The key bases of Lini's foreign policy were non-alignment and anti-colonialism, support for independence movements around the world - from faraway Western Sahara to neighbouring New Caledonia, as well as East Timor and West Papua, who all received Vanuatu's support at the United Nations.
Vanuatu notably angered Indonesia by allowing the Free Papua Movement to open an office in Port-Vila. Vanuatu in the 1980s was the only country in Oceania not to align with the Western bloc in the dying stages of the Cold War. Rejecting support either for the West or for the East, Vanuatu joined the Non-Aligned Movement in 1983, and only established diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union and the United States in June and September 1986, respectively.
In keeping with this policy, Vanuatu established diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1983, and with Libya in 1986. Lini openly condemned the 1986 bombing of Libya by the United States, sending a message of condoleances to Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, while Barak Sopé accused the United States of being a State sponsor of terrorism. The same accusation was levelled by Vanuatu against France after the sinking of the Rainbow Warrior. Relations with the United States were tense until the late 1980s, when a State visit to Washington by Lini and Foreign Affairs Minister Sela Molisa contributed to a lessening of tensions. Relations with France remained strained throughout the 1980s for a variety of reasons.
Lini's government opposed French nuclear tests at Mururoa, and spoke out repeatedly against apartheid in South Africa. Vanuatu was a member of the United Nations Special Committee against Apartheid. In 1990, Vanuatu's ambassador to the United Nations Robert Van Lierop remarked proudly: "I think that Vanuatu's contribution to the United Nations is somewhat disproportionate in relation to its size. [...] When the Prime Minister met Nelson Mandela in Namibia, Mandela knew about Vanuatu because it has always been among the countries in the region that have most clearly spoken out on the problem of apartheid".
Vanuatu under Walter Lini also sought to create solid relations with Asia, and, by the end of the decade, had established official diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China, Japan, South Korea, North Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam and the Philippines.
1990s: the Carlot Korman and Vohor years
Following the 1991 general election, the francophone Union of Moderate Parties became the dominant party in Parliament, and Maxime Carlot Korman became the country's first francophone Prime Minister. He "reversed [the country's] unequivocal support for the Kanak National Liberation Front in New Caledonia, its systematic enmity towards France, its flirting with radical regimes, and its openly anti-American nuclear-free Pacific stance." Francophones held power, under Carlot Korman or Serge Vohor, until 1998.
Foreign policy issues
Aid
Since 1980, Australia, the United Kingdom, France, and New Zealand have provided the bulk of Vanuatu's development aid. As of March 2008, Australia was Vanuatu's biggest aid provider, followed by France. A number of other countries, including Japan, Canada, Germany, and various multilateral organizations, such as the Economic and Social Council for Asia and the Pacific, the UN Development Programme, the Asian Development Bank, the European Economic Community, and the Commonwealth Development Corporation also provide developmental aid. The United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, South Korea and Japan also send volunteers. Since the mid-2000s, Cuba has been a noted provider of medical aid.
Support to the right of self-determination
Vanuatu continues to promote the right to self-determination. In the 1980s SADR and Palestine was recognized. Later, Vanuatu recognized Kosovo in 2010 and Abkhazia in 2011. Vanuatu is the only country in the world that recognizes all four of these states. In addition, Vanuatu strongly supports the Free Papua Movement and its program of self-determination of West Papua, a region in Indonesia, in the midst of Papua conflict. Vanuatu's bringing up the issue at international forums has brought sharp rebukes from Indonesia; according to its diplomats, "it is shameful that [Vanuatu has an] excessive and unhealthy obsession about how Indonesia should govern itself" and states that Vanuatu is "not a representation of the people of Papua, and stop fantasising of being one."
Wantok Blong Yumi Bill
In June 2010, the Parliament of Vanuatu unanimously gave its support to a motion – the Wantok Blong Yumi Bill – clarifying Vanuatu's foreign policy with regards to West Papuan independence claims from Indonesia. The bill, tabled by Independent MP Ralph Regenvanu and supported by Prime Minister Edward Natapei and opposition leader Maxime Carlot Korman, committed Vanuatu to recognising West Papua's independence; to seeking observer status for West Papua in the Melanesian Spearhead Group and in the Pacific Islands Forum; and to "request[ing] [United Nations] General Assembly support for the International Court of Justice to provide an advisory opinion on the process in which the former Dutch New Guinea was ceded to Indonesia in the 1960s".
International organizational participation
Regional relations
Vanuatu maintains strong regional ties in the Pacific. It is a full member of the Pacific Islands Forum, the South Pacific Applied Geoscience Commission, the South Pacific Tourism Organisation, the Pacific Regional Environment Programme and the Secretariat of the Pacific Community. Vanuatu is one of the eight signatories of the Nauru Agreement Concerning Cooperation in the Management of Fisheries of Common Interest which collectively controls 25-30% of the world's tuna supply and approximately 60% of the western and central Pacific tuna supply. Vanuatu endorsed the Treaty of Rarotonga (the South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone Treaty) in 1995.
Extra-regional organizational relations
Vanuatu has been a member of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie since 1979 (the year before it gained independence from France). Vanuatu was admitted to the Commonwealth of Nations in 1980 and to the United Nations in 1981. Vanuatu is currently the only Pacific nation that belongs to the Non-Aligned Movement,
Additionally outside the region, Vanuatu is a member or participant of the ACP (Lomé Convention), the Alliance of Small Island States, Asian Development Bank, Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP), the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), the G-77, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Civil Aviation Organization, the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation, the IMF, the International Maritime Organization, the International Olympic Committee, the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), the Universal Postal Union and the World Meteorological Organization. Vanuatu became a member of the WTO in 2012. Vanuatu is also a non-signatory user of Intelsat.
Vanuatu became a member of Interpol in 2018 and is currently a suspended member of the International Hydrographic Organization - since 2019.
On 4 December 2020, Vanuatu became the sixth ever nation to graduate from the United Nations official list of The Least Developed Countries (LDC). After meeting graduation thresholds in the Human Assets Index and income in 2006, 2009 and 2012, the UN Committee for Development Policy recommended graduation. The UN Economic and Social Council and UN General Assembly approved of the recommendation in 2012 and 2013, but after Cyclone Pam Vanuatu was granted an extension until 2020. The country lost exclusive access to certain international support measures such as in the areas of development assistance and trade.
Countries with diplomatic relations
Table
See also
List of diplomatic missions in Vanuatu
List of diplomatic missions of Vanuatu
References
Vanuatu and the Commonwealth of Nations
Slavej () is a village in Municipality of Krivogaštani and was once known as Aleksandrovo.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 388 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 381
Serbs 2
Others 5
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Alfredo Osvaldo Lucero Sosa (born February 8, 1979) is an Argentine professional racing cyclist, who is currently suspended from the sport following an anti-doping violation for the use of prohibited substances.
Major results
2008
1st Stage 6 Vuelta a San Juan
2009
1st Overall Tour de San Luis
2013
1st Stage 3 (TTT) Vuelta a Bolivia
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from San Luis, Argentina
Argentine male cyclists
Clostridium huakuii is a Gram-positive, acetogenic, obligately anaerobic and spore-forming bacterium from the genus Clostridium.
References
Bacteria described in 2014
huakuii
The name Haikui has been used for two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by China and literally means "sea anemone". It replaced "Longwang," which was retired after the 2005 typhoon season.
Typhoon Haikui (2012) (T1211, 12W) – a Category 1 typhoon that made landfall in Zhejiang, China .
Tropical Storm Haikui (2017) (T1724, 30W, Salome) – a weak storm that traversed the Philippine archipelagos of Luzon and Visayas.
Pacific typhoon set index articles
The rufous-winged sunbird (Cinnyris rufipennis) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is endemic to Tanzania.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
rufous-winged sunbird
Endemic birds of Tanzania
rufous-winged sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Southwest Australia is a biogeographic region in Western Australia. It includes the Mediterranean-climate area of southwestern Australia, which is home to a diverse and distinctive flora and fauna.
The region is also known as the Southwest Australia Global Diversity Hotspot, as well as Kwongan.
Geography
The region includes the Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub ecoregions of Western Australia. The region covers 356,717 km2, consisting of a broad coastal plain 20-120 kilometres wide, transitioning to gently undulating uplands made up of weathered granite, gneiss and laterite. Bluff Knoll in the Stirling Range is the highest peak in the region, at 1,099 metres (3,606 ft) elevation.
Desert and xeric shrublands lie to the north and east across the centre of Australia, separating Southwest Australia from the other Mediterranean and humid-climate regions of the continent.
Climate
The region has a wet-winter, dry-summer Mediterranean climate, one of five such regions in the world. During the winter months, westerly winds bring cool weather, clouds, and rainfall to Southwest Australia. In the summer months, the lower-latitude anticyclonic belt, with generally dry easterly winds, moves southwards, increasing temperatures and decreasing rainfall. Tropical cyclones, off the shore of northern Western Australia during the December-to-March northern wet season, occasionally reach as far south as Perth before moving inland, bringing floods and damaging winds to the west coast and rain to the dry interior.
Rainfall generally decreases from south to north, and with distance from the coast. The highest rainfall is typically in the Karri Forest Region between Pemberton and Walpole, up to 1,400 mm (55 inches) annually.
The region has been experiencing the effects of human induced climate change. Average annual rainfall has declined as much as 20% since the 1970s, declining by 10-20 millimetres each decade. Summertime maximum temperatures have increased by 0.1º to 0.3º C per decade, and the average number of days per year over 40º C in Perth has doubled over the last century. Lower rainfall and higher temperatures have reduced stream flow and inflow into drinking water and irrigation catchments since the 1960s. The summer of 2021/22 was the hottest on record.
Flora
Southwest Australia is recognized as a floristic province.
Vegetation in the region is mainly woody, including forests, woodlands, shrublands, and heathlands, but no grasslands. Predominant vegetation types are Eucalyptus woodlands, eucalyptus-dominated mallee shrublands, and kwongan shrublands and heathlands, which correspond to the chaparral, matorral, maquis, and fynbos shrublands found in other Mediterranean-type regions. The region has generally nutrient-poor sandy or lateritic soils, which has encouraged rich speciation of plants adapted to specific ecological niches. The region hosts a great diversity of endemic species, notably among the protea family (Proteaceae).
Southwest Australia is home to many endemic carnivorous plants, including more than half the world's species of sundews (Drosera), the bladderwort subgenus Polypompholyx, the Byblis gigantea complex of rainbow plants (composed of two species, Byblis lamellata and B. gigantea), and the pitcher plant Cephalotus follicularis, sole species in the plant family Cephalotaceae.
Fauna
The honey possum (Tarsipes rostratus) is a tiny marsupial endemic to Southwest Australia that feeds on nectar and pollen, and is an important pollinator for several southwestern plants including Banksia attenuata, Banksia coccinea, and Adenanthos cuneatus. Other mammals endemic to Southwest Australia are the western brush wallaby (Macropus irma) and the quokka (Setonix brachyurus).
Southwest Australia is an Endemic Bird Area, with several endemic species of birds including the long-billed black cockatoo (Zanda baudinii), western corella (Cacatua pastinator), noisy scrubbird (Atrichornis clamosus), red-winged fairywren (Malurus elegans), western bristlebird (Dasyornis longirostris), black-throated whipbird (Psophodes nigrogularis), white-breasted robin (Eopsaltria georgianus), and red-eared firetail (Stagonopleura oculata). The western rufous bristlebird (Dasyornis broadbenti litoralis), an endemic subspecies of rufous bristlebird, is now extinct.
Ecoregions
The World Wide Fund for Nature and Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia (IBRA) divide the region into six ecoregions and ten biogeographic regions:
Coolgardie woodlands (IBRA Coolgardie and Hampton)
Esperance mallee (IBRA Esperance Plains and Mallee)
Jarrah-Karri forest and shrublands (IBRA Warren)
Southwest Australia savanna (IBRA Geraldton Sandplains, Avon Wheatbelt, and Yalgoo)
Southwest Australia woodlands (IBRA Jarrah Forest)
Swan Coastal Plain scrub and woodlands (IBRA Swan Coastal Plain)
The transitional Coolgardie, Hampton, and Yalgoo bioregions are generally drier than the rest of the Southwest. They considered part of Southwest Australia by the WWF, but are considered part of the Central Australian or Eremaean Region by the Western Australian Herbarium.
Freshwater
Southwest Australia has several permanent rivers and streams, including the Swan–Avon system, the Blackwood River, and other short rivers. The perennial rivers drain from the interior plateau and Darling Range across the coastal plain. Their flow is strongly seasonal, corresponding to the Southwest's wet winter–dry summer weather pattern. The perennial streams extend from east of Esperance on the south coast to the Arrowsmith River north of Perth, most often in areas with 700 mm or more of annual rainfall.
Arid regions separate Southwest Australia's freshwater habitats from Australia's other year-round rivers. As with its terrestrial flora, Southwest Australia's Mediterranean climate and biogeographic isolation has given rise to a distinct freshwater ecoregion with many endemic species.
There are fifteen freshwater fish species, including nine exclusively freshwater species, three estuarine species adapted to brackish water, and three diadromous species that spend part of their life-cycle in the sea. The exclusively freshwater species are endemic to Southwest Australia, as are two estuarine species. The salamanderfish (Lepidogalaxias salamandroides) is the sole species in the endemic family Lepidogalaxiidae. Salamanderfish can aestivate during the summer months, an adaptation to the region's dry summers. Other endemic species are the nightfish (Bostockia porosa), western mud minnow (Galaxiella munda), black-stripe minnow (Galaxiella nigrostriata), Balston's pygmy perch (Nannatherina balstoni), western pygmy perch (Nannoperca vittata), and western galaxias (Galaxias occidentalis).
Southwest Australian varieties of the diadromous common galaxias (Galaxias maculatus) and spotted galaxias (Galaxias truttaceus) have adapted so they can live their life-cycle and reproduce in fresh water.
The southwestern snake-necked turtle (Chelodina colliei) and western swamp turtle (Pseudemydura umbrina) are aquatic species endemic to Southwest Australia.
History
The first evidence of human habitation of the region was 50,000 years ago at Devil's Lair by ancestors of today's Aboriginal people.
Aboriginal populations were generally denser on the coastal plain and along the coastal forest edge, and in the interior woodlands and shrublands, particularly near permanent streams and river estuaries. Population was sparse in the forested areas of the south. Offshore islands were likely uninhabited.
The Aboriginal inhabitants deliberately set fires to manage the land and vegetation. Evidence from lake and estuarine sediments and firsthand accounts suggest that fire intervals in well-settled areas were frequent – from one to ten years – compared to unoccupied forests and offshore islands, where fire intervals were 30 to 100 or more years. Frequent burning reduced tree cover and encouraged the growth of grasses, herbs, and low shrubs, fostering open woodlands and savannas and limiting areas of dense forest and thicket.
Noongar peoples inhabited the western and southern portions of the region. The Noongar comprised 14 groups, which spoke distinct but mutually-intelligible languages.
The Nyoongar seasonal calendar includes six different seasons in a yearly cycle. These are Birak, Bunuru, Djeran, Makuru, Djilba and Kambarang. Each of the six seasons represents and explains the seasonal changes seen annually. The flowering of many different plants, the hibernation of reptiles and the moulting of swans are all helpful indicators that the seasons are changing.
The first permanent European settlement in the region was in 1826 near present-day Albany. European settlers mostly dispossessed the Aboriginal inhabitants, and established extensive agriculture, including wheat, barley, canola, lupins, and oats. They also introduced sheep and cattle to the region. European settlement also changed the fire regime established by the Aboriginal inhabitants of the land.
Protected areas
109,445 km2, or 22.13%, of Southwest Australia's land area is in protected areas.
See also
South West, Western Australia
South West Seismic Zone
References
Further reading
Thackway, R and I D Cresswell (1995) An interim biogeographic regionalisation for Australia : a framework for setting priorities in the National Reserves System Cooperative Program Version 4.0 Canberra : Australian Nature Conservation Agency, Reserve Systems Unit, 1995.
External links
Biodiversityhotspots.org: Conservation International − Southwest Australia)
Biogeography of Western Australia
Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub in Australia
Floristic provinces
Mallee Woodlands and Shrublands
Regions of Western Australia
South West (Western Australia)
Freshwater ecoregions
Vegetation of Australia
The 1968 Giro di Lombardia was the 62nd edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 12 October 1968. The race started in Milan and finished in Como. The race was won by Herman Van Springel of the Dr. Mann team.
General classification
References
1968
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
1968 Super Prestige Pernod
Lake George Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga, in Essex County, New York. The district contains 20 contributing buildings on 14 properties; 12 houses and eight garages. It includes single-family homes built between 1919 and 1921 by W.A. Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management. The houses share a common American Craftsman influenced bungalow style. Gale also constructed the houses in the Amherst Avenue Historic District.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
Brigadier Cedric Rupert Vaughan Edgar, (9 July 1901 – 2 September 1967) was an officer in the Australian Army during the Second World War.
References
1901 births
1967 deaths
Military personnel from Victoria (Australia)
Australian bankers
Australian brigadiers
Australian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Australian Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Jaromír Vaňous (born 24 September 1955) is a Czech racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Czech male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Czechoslovakia
People from Ústí nad Orlicí
Sportspeople from the Pardubice Region
The A1085 is a road that runs from Middlesbrough to Marske-by-the-Sea in the former county of Cleveland. There is a long straight part of the road whilst it passes the former ICI Wilton plant towards Redcar, this part of the road is the main road towards Redcar from the west and towards Middlesbrough and the A66 from the east. It is 11.3 miles (18.2 km) long.
References
Roads in England
Mihai Mircea Neșu (born 19 February 1983) is a Romanian former footballer and philanthropist.
A left-back, Neșu played as a senior for Steaua București and FC Utrecht, as well as being capped eight times for the Romania national team. His footballing career ended at age 28, when he suffered a severe neck injury that left him paralysed.
After his accident, Neșu started a personal foundation dedicated to children with motor disorders, at the same time receiving treatment for his paralysis from which he did not make a full recovery.
Club career
Steaua București
Neșu, who was nicknamed Bișonul (Romanian for "the Bichon"), was born in Oradea and started to play football with the junior squads of Bihor Oradea. He was transferred to Steaua București in 2001 for $6,000 and made his Divizia A debut on 21 April 2002, when head coach Victor Pițurcă used him in a 1–1 draw with Petrolul Ploiești.
During his time in the capital, Neșu aided the club in winning the national title in the 2004–05 and the 2005–06 seasons. He also amassed 33 games in European competitions, of which twelve in the latter campaign as they reached the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup.
FC Utrecht and career-ending injury
On 27 August 2008, Neșu was sold to FC Utrecht for €1.2 to replace PSV Eindhoven-bound Erik Pieters. He played 86 Eredivisie matches and scored two goals during his stint, and in 2008 was named the best left-back of the competition.
On 10 May 2011, Neșu got injured during a training session by colliding with teammate Alje Schut; he broke his cervical vertebrae, which left him paralysed in a wheelchair ever since. His FC Utrecht contract expired in July 2012, formally ending his footballing career.
In 2020, he was selected by FC Utrecht fans as the best left-back the team's history.
International career
Neșu appeared eight times at international level for Romania, with manager Victor Pițurcă handing him his full debut on 12 November 2005, when he replaced Răzvan Raț in the 80th minute of a friendly 1–2 loss to the Ivory Coast. He also played in a 1–0 away victory against the Faroe Islands at the 2010 World Cup qualifiers. His last game for the national team was a friendly which ended in a 0–2 loss to Israel, on 3 March 2010.
Personal life
Neșu's father, Mircea, was a footballer, referee, and doctor. His nephew Nikos Barboudis is also a football player.
Neșu married Maria Laura Gherman in June 2006, but they divorced after six years.
Philanthropy
In the 2012–13 season, Steaua București honoured Neșu by displaying the logo of his namesake foundation on the club's kit in the UEFA Europa League matches against Ekranas, Ajax and Chelsea.
As of January 2022, Neșu manages the construction of a new and larger rehabilitation centre in Oradea for children with motor disorders.
Honours
Steaua București
Divizia A: 2004–05, 2005–06
Supercupa României: 2006
References
External links
Mihai Neșu Foundation official website
Mihai Neșu at Voetbal International
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oradea
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
FC Steaua București players
Eredivisie players
FC Utrecht players
Romania international footballers
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Romanian philanthropists
The Bola de Prata (Portuguese for Silver Ball) is a Primeira Liga award for the top scorer. In case two or more players have the same number of goals, the award goes to the footballer with the fewest games played. It was first awarded as a prize in the 1952–53 season by sports newspaper A Bola.
Héctor Yazalde holds the record for most goals in a single season, with 46, achieved in the 1973–74 season. Fernando Peyroteo recorded the highest goals-to-games ratio to win the award, 2.43, in 1937–38.
There have been 52 winners. Seventeen players have won the award in more than one occasion, with Eusébio having the record with seven wins. Eusébio also holds the record for most consecutive wins, with five. Rui Jordão, Paulinho Cascavel and Mário Jardel are the only players to win the award with two clubs, and Cascavel is the only one to achieve it in consecutive seasons.
Winners
Notes
Statistics
Multiple winners
Awards won by nationality
Awards won by club
See also
List of Primeira Liga top scorers
References
Portuguese football trophies and awards
Primeira Liga players
Association football player non-biographical articles
Portugal
Diario Oficial (or Diário Oficial), a common Spanish and Portuguese designation for a government gazette, may refer to:
Diário Oficial da União, Brazil
Diario Oficial de la República de Chile
Diario Oficial (Colombia)
Diario Oficial (El Salvador)
Diario Oficial de la Federación, Mexico
Diario Oficial (Uruguay)
See also
Official Journal (disambiguation)
The 1991–92 SM-liiga season was the 17th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and Jokerit Helsinki won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Lukko - Ässät 0:2 (1:4, 0:4)
TPS - HIFK 1:2 (1:3, 5:3, 3:4)
Semifinals
Jokerit - Ässät 3:2 (6:2, 2:3, 6:0, 2:6, 5:0)
JyP HT - HIFK 3:2 (5:0, 1:4, 5:1, 4:6, 3:2)
3rd place
Ässät - HIFK 2:3
Finals
JyP HT - Jokerit 1:4 (2:5, 1:5, 3:2, 3:4, 0:4)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1991–92 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
The 2010 Salang avalanches (, ) consisted of a series of at least 36 avalanches that struck the southern approach to the Salang Tunnel, north of Kabul. They were caused by a freak storm in the Hindu Kush mountains.
Leading up to the disaster
About 250 avalanches annually strike the road. During the 2008/9 season, the total loss of life in Afghanistan due to avalanche was about 40 people.
On 7 February 2010, the Afghan Red Crescent Society (ARCS) reported that 10 people were killed in Kandahar Province. Najibullah Barith, ARCS's director in Kandahar complained about the lack of local and national resources.
A spokesman for the Afghanistan National Disasters Management Authority said that 11 people were killed by avalanches in Farah, Bamyan, Ghor and Daykundi provinces between 4 and 8 February. The Afghan flash floods and avalanches left 20 others dead in the rest of the country on 8 February. The provincial authorities had summoned an emergency meeting and Loya Jurga to discuss responses on 8 February. Shah Wali Kot and Shorandam districts were the worst affected.
Avalanches
A sudden blizzard struck the area shortly before the disaster, closing the tunnel and the roads around it on both sides of the tunnel. Heavy wind and rain in the area just before the incident caused up to 17 avalanches that buried at least of roadway in the Salang Tunnel, trapping thousands of people in their vehicles who were travelling in the tunnel. This also cut off one of the major travel links to Northern Afghanistan.
Official reports soon after the avalanche report up to 64 people were feared dead and that more could die. Afghanistan's interior minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar believed that there could be at least 2,500 people trapped in their vehicles. Many vehicles were pushed down the mountains, and hundreds of cars were buried in snow. Among the survivors many injuries were reported.
The tunnel was reopened on 12 February 2010.
Rescue
The Afghan National Army formed the main backbone of the recovery effort with at least 500 troops sent to the area as well as two helicopters and several bulldozers. NATO International Security Assistance Force forces also gave their support providing four Chinook helicopters, as well as using helicopters to drop food and medical supplies to those trapped in their vehicles. The injured had been taken to Charikar Hospital in Parwan Province, and the more seriously injured had been taken to Bagram Airfield where they received more advanced medical treatment from coalition doctors.
Beside the direct injuries from the avalanche, there was also the danger of carbon monoxide poisoning inside the poorly-ventilated tunnel, while the traffic was stalled for a long time. By 10 February, about 2,500 people had been rescued, but it was feared that more people were still buried in their snow-trapped vehicles.
Criticism
Institutional authorities including the National Meteorology Authority (NMA) were criticised for allowing the disaster to unfold. Although heavy snowfall had been forecast in the Salang area and structural walls had been weakened in previous avalanches, the pass was not closed and no preparations had been put in place. Officials point out that Afghanistan lacks the resources and infrastructure for the prevention and management of natural disasters and relies to some degree upon help by the United Nations and international forces.
See also
Salang Pass
Salang Tunnel fire
2009 Afghan avalanches
2010 Pakistan floods
2010 Northern Hemisphere heat waves
2010 Khyber Pakhtunkhwa floods
Attabad Lake
Cyclone Phet
References
2010 disasters in Asia
2010 in Afghanistan
2010 natural disasters
2010 road incidents
2010s avalanches
2010s road incidents in Asia
21st century in Parwan Province
Avalanches in Afghanistan
February 2010 events in Afghanistan
Road incidents in Afghanistan
Manchu folk religion or Manchu traditional religion is the ethnic religion practiced by most of the Manchu people, the major-Tungusic group, in China. It can also be called Manchu shamanism by virtue of the word "shaman" being originally from Tungusic šamán ("man of knowledge"), later applied by Western scholars to similar religious practices in other cultures.
It is an animistic and polytheistic religion, believing in several gods and spirits, led by a universal sky god called Abka Enduri ("Sky God" or "God of Heaven"), also referred to as Abka Han ("Sky Khan" or "Khan of Heaven") and Abka Ama ("Sky Father"), originally Abka Hehe ("Sky Woman", by extension "Sky Mother") who is the source of all life and creation. Deities (enduri) enliven every aspect of nature, and the worship of these gods is believed to bring favour, health and prosperity. Many of the deities were originally Manchu ancestors, and people with the same surname are generated by the same god.
Shamans are persons of unusual ability, strength and sensitivity, capable of perception and prediction of the ways of the gods. They are endowed with the social function to conduct the sacrificial ceremonies and approach the deities asking them intervention or protection. Because of their abilities the shamans are people of great authority and prestige. Usually, every Manchu kin has its own shaman.
Manchu folk religious rites were standardised by the Qianlong Emperor (1736–96) in the "Manchu Sacrificial Ritual to the Gods and Heaven" (Manjusai wecere metere kooli bithe), a manual published in Manchu in 1747 and in Chinese (Manzhou jishen jitian dianli) in 1780. With the conquest of imperial power in China (Qing dynasty) the Manchu people gradually adopted Chinese language and assimilated into the Chinese religion, although Manchu folk religion persists with a distinct character within broader Chinese religion. Today Manchu Shamanism has between 700,000-900,000 followers.
History
Rituals
Study of Manchu religion usually distinguishes two types of ritual, "domestic" and "primitive", which can be performed in two cultic settings, "imperial" and "common". The domestic ritual primarily involves the sacrifices for the progenitors of lineages and is the most important, while the primitive ritual involves the sacrifices for zoomorphic gods. The ritual manual of Qianlong was an attempt to adapt all kins' ritual traditions to the style of the imperial kin's ritual tradition. This was only partially effective as common cults were preserved and revitalised over time.
The ancestral ritual is the same in the common and imperial cults. It is composed of three main moments: the dawn sacrifice (Chinese: chaoji), the sunset sacrifice (xiji) and the "light-extinguishing" sacrifice (beidingji) held at midnight. Both common and imperial rituals make use of the gods' pole (Chinese: shéngān or shénzhù, Manchu: šomo) as a means of establishing connection with Heaven.
While the domestic ritual is bright and harmonious, the primitive or "wild" ritual is associated with darkness and mystery. Deities involved are not those of the sky, the earth or the ancestors, but are zoomorphic chthonic deities. With its reliance on techniques of ecstasy, the primitive ritual had long been discouraged by the court (Hong Taiji proscribed it as early as 1636).
Temples and gods
Manchu religious cults originally took place in shrines called tangse (Chinese: tángzi, "hall"; or yèmiào, "visitation temple")) but at least by 1673 all communal tangse were prohibited with the exception of the imperial cult building. Households continued their rituals at private altars called weceku.
Common cults gradually adopted deities from Chinese religion in addition to Tungusic gods. Guwan mafa ( Guāndì, Divus Guan), whose martial character appealed to the Manchus, became one of the most beloved deities. Another popular cult was that of the Goddess ( Niángniáng).
See also
Chinese folk religion
Chinese shamanism
Mongolian shamanism
References
Citations
Sources
East Asian religions
Manchu culture
Shamanism in China
Ellen Jansen (born 6 October 1992) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish Primera División club Valencia CF and the Netherlands women's national team.
International career
On 12 December 2010, she made her debut for the Dutch national team, in the 2010 International Women's Football Tournament of City of São Paulo match against Brazil.
International goals
Scores and results list the Netherlands goal tally first.
Honours
Club
FC Twente
Eredivisie (2): 2010–11, 2015–16
BeNe League (2): 2012–13, 2013–14
KNVB Women's Cup (1): 2014–15
International
Netherlands
Algarve Cup: 2018
References
External links
Profile at Onsoranje.nl
Profile at onsoranje.nl
1992 births
Living people
Dutch women's footballers
Netherlands women's international footballers
Eredivisie (women) players
FC Twente (women) players
AFC Ajax (women) players
People from Hof van Twente
Women's association football forwards
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate women's footballers in Spain
Dutch expatriate women's footballers
Footballers from Overijssel
Hayes Edward "Big Ed" Sanders (March 24, 1930 – December 12, 1954) was an American heavyweight boxer who won an Olympic gold medal in 1952.
Personal life
Sanders was the oldest male child of the family. His older sister, Winifred, died in a Scarlet Fever epidemic, in 1939. As a child, Sanders was very large for his age and physically strong. At age 12, he was recollected to be the size of a normal 18 year old. Sanders and his younger brother, Donald, collected coffee cans, filled them with cement and connected two of them with a steel bar to make a weight set for exercising. As "Big Ed" grew bigger, faster and stronger, Sanders excelled in football and track and field at Jordan High School.
Outside of the ring, Sanders was known as affable, gentlemanly and highly intelligent.
On 11 December 1954, he faced Willie James for the New England heavyweight title. James knocked out Sanders in the 11th round and Sanders had to be carried from the ring. He never regained consciousness and died 18 hours later.
On May 26, 2012, Sanders' son Russell presided over his posthumous induction into the Compton Community College Athletics Hall of Fame, under the category of boxing. He also was inducted into the Idaho State University Athletic Hall of Fame.
Early life
After graduating from Jordan High School, Sanders attended Compton College, where he again excelled in football and a new sport, boxing. In 1950, at the National Junior College Boxing Championships in Ogden, Utah, the six-foot four-inch, 220 pound Sanders attracted the attention of Idaho State College boxing coach Dubby Holt and football coach Babe Caccia. "He had a good left hand, and for the big man that he was, he was a real orthodox, skilled boxer," Holt recalled. Shortly thereafter, Sanders was awarded an athletic scholarship to Idaho State College (now Idaho State University) in Pocatello, Idaho, where he boxed and played football.
Sanders flourished at nearly all-white Idaho State. In his first collegiate bout, Sanders knocked out the Pacific Coast Heavyweight Champion. Sanders also set a record by never losing a bout in a collegiate dual meet. While attending Idaho State, Sanders fell in love with Pocatellan Mary LaRue, who was then a secretary at Idaho State's athletic department. She later became his wife.
Amateur career
In 1951, Sanders was drafted into the U.S. Army to fight in the Korean War, but was convinced to join the Navy by his coaches. He then continued his boxing career as part of the U.S. Navy Boxing Team under G.E. “Moose” Detty. Sanders scored a string of major victories when he defeated the Navy Heavyweight Champion, Kirby Seals, in San Diego, California and won both the Los Angeles Golden Gloves and Chicago Golden Gloves Tournaments. He subsequently toured Europe, winning the Golden Gloves Tournament in Berlin, Germany, which enhanced his reputation as a dominant heavyweight. Upon his return to the United States, Sanders trained at Naval facilities in Maryland for his dream—the Olympics.
Olympics
The Olympics, once a faraway dream, were suddenly within Sanders' grasp, but the Olympic trials loomed as a major test, as stiff competition from around the country vied for the few coveted U.S Team spots. In the Mid-West Regional in Omaha, Nebraska, Sanders was defeated by Army Corporal Lloyd Willis, but still advanced to the finals because of his prior victory over Navy Champion Seals. Sanders and Willis met again in a bout in Kansas City, Missouri that decided the last spot on the Olympic boxing team. With a broken hand, Sanders knocked out Willis, dropping him with a smashing left hook in only one minute.
The 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki turned out not to be much of a challenge for Sanders, as he knocked out his first three opponents and reached the final against Swede Ingemar Johansson. Their match was unremarkable. For the entire first round, Johansson avoided Sanders by circling along the edges of the ring. The crowd, growing impatient, called for Johansson to fight. In the second round, Johansson continued the same strategy. Finally, in the third minute of the second round, Johansson was disqualified for failure to fight by the referee. Johansson was ushered from the ring between policemen, and was subsequently refused the silver medal. Sanders later stood atop the prize dais with the place for the silver medallist vacant and a Swedish flag in its unfurled knot. Johansson maintained he was not fleeing Sanders, but rather was trying to tire his huge opponent for a planned third round onslaught but he was not awarded his silver medal for another 30 years.
Sanders, the first African American Olympic Heavyweight Champion and the first American to win gold in the division since 1904, returned to the United States a national hero. The combination of his tenacious fighting style, deep sense of assurance and humble demeanor attracted constant media attention. The City of Los Angeles named a day in his honor, and he was inundated with requests for his attendance at athletic, social and religious events.
After the Olympics, Sanders' amateur status became a burden on his ability to provide for his wife and young son, Russell, who was born in 1953. Sanders' Naval commitments took him to San Diego, where he trained with mentor and close friend Moose Detty. Sanders was transferred subsequently to Maryland and then Boston, where he rented a flat with his wife and son.
As a Navy man, Sanders was prevented from boxing professionally, so he continued to box in the amateur ranks.
Sanders reentered the 1953 Gold Gloves Tournament and fought future World Heavyweight Champion Sonny Liston in the 1953 Chicago Golden Gloves Championship fight. Sanders entered the fight with a broken thumb, which hampered what was still considered a good performance. Liston emerged victorious, though witnesses at the fight accused Liston of clutching Sanders illegally, and still others in the audience felt Sanders won the fight. Sanders was invited again to the Intercity Golden Gloves Tournament but turned down the opportunity due to the thumb injury.
Sanders ended his amateur career with a record of 43 wins and only 4 losses.
Professional career
After the Olympic victory, Sanders' pro career became an intriguing prospect, but Sanders was still in the Navy, which did not allow active duty personnel to box professionally. Additionally, Sanders, now living near a Naval base in Boston, lacked a consistent trainer and heavyweight sparring partners. Sanders set out to become Heavyweight Champion.
Sanders turned to many people for advice, including his Navy Captain. Sanders primary confidante was Detty, who in letters cautioned against turning pro. Though Sanders was an Olympic champion, he had only been boxing for 4 years and needed more seasoning before turning pro.
Sanders, famous and holding a prized Olympic gold medal, faced immense pressure to turn pro from the boxing world and media. Sanders also needed to provide financially for his wife, Mary, and infant son, Russell. Sanders tried desperately but failed to obtain a discharge from the Navy, which considered him committed until at least 1955. Still, Sanders lacked experience.
On June 17, 1954, Sanders attended the Rocky Marciano-Ezzard Charles fight in New York as a guest of the International Boxing Council, which courted Sanders heavily. Earlier that same day, Sanders attended a game between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Boston Braves and witnessed Jackie Robinson hit two home runs.
Sanders turned pro in February 1953, suspiciously acting as his own manager to satisfy Naval requirements. Sanders' IBC advisors, Truman Gibson, Nuno Cam, Sam Silverman, Frankie Carbo and Johnny Dundee, were all allegedly connected to the boxing underworld - strange bedfellows for a man like Sanders, but perhaps unavoidable for success in boxing in Boston 1953–54.
Sanders' first pro fight took place on March 8, 1954 against Sonny Nichols, with Sanders winning in a first-round TKO. Sanders won his next two fights by knockout before being stunned in a five-round decision loss to Willie Wilson. In private correspondence to Detty, a shocked and saddened Sanders confided that he felt he lacked adequate trades and sparring partners other than highly regarded local heavyweight Willie James. Sanders also complained about intense shoulder pain, and mentioned in letters that it had been x-rayed.
Sanders won a May 22, 1954 bout against Jack Flood and then avenged his earlier loss to Willie Wilson later that summer in August 1954, winning an eight-round decision. On October 5, 1954, Sanders fought to a draw with Bert Whitehurst. Sanders and Whitehurst fought a rematch only three weeks later on October 26, 1954, with Sanders winning a ten-round unanimous decision. Concluding a turbulent year, Sanders fought eight professional fights within only nine months, losing two fights in close decisions.
Last fight and death
On Saturday, December 11, 1954, Sanders fought his sparring partner Willie James, the New England Heavyweight Champion at Boston Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. The fight was his last. James was a highly regarded heavyweight who in February 1954 had performed well in sparring matches against Sanders. Sanders, who had complained previously of headaches and had his shoulder X-rayed just a few weeks prior, was uncharacteristically listless in the opinion of some observers. James and Sanders traded heavy blows for ten rounds. In the eleventh round, Sanders appeared "tired", in James' estimation, and was felled by a simple punch combination. Sanders dropped to the canvas and lost consciousness immediately, breathing laboriously while lying on his side. Ring personnel carried him out of the ring by stretcher.
Sanders never regained consciousness and died after a long surgery to relieve pressure on the brain. The coroner concluded that Sanders likely aggravated a previous injury. Doctors and trainers concluded Sanders probably suffered a prior injury that was aggravated in the James fight. Sanders was laid to rest at Woodlawn Cemetery in Santa Monica, California, after a 21-gun military salute.
References
External links
1930 births
1954 deaths
Deaths due to injuries sustained in boxing
African-American boxers
Olympic boxers of the United States
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in boxing
Sports deaths in Massachusetts
Boxers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Idaho State Bengals football players
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Los Angeles
National Golden Gloves champions
Burials at Woodlawn Memorial Cemetery, Santa Monica
American male boxers
People from Watts, Los Angeles
Heavyweight boxers
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
Burgbrohl is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
People
Felix Genn (born 1950), Roman Catholic bishop
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Rollover or roll over may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Rollover (film), a 1981 American political thriller
Roll Over, a 1992 album by Hound Dog
"Roll Over", a 2006 song by Zico Chain
"Roll Over", a 1989 song by Steven Wayne Horton
"Roll Over" (Thompson Twins song), 1985
Computing
Rollover (key), the ability of a computer keyboard to handle several simultaneous keystrokes
Rollover cable, a cable used to connect a computer to a router
Other uses
Rollover (finance)
Rollover (fire), a stage of a structure fire
Rollover, the former name of Gilchrist, Texas, U.S.
Rollover Pass
Roll Over, a park ride by Mondial (amusement ride manufacturer)
Rollover IRA, a type of individual retirement account in the U.S.
Dynamic rollover, a helicopter's susceptibility to roll when close to the ground
Vehicle rollover, a type of vehicular crash in which a vehicle tips over onto its side or roof
See also
Roll (disambiguation)
"Roll Over Beethoven", a 1956 song by Chuck Berry
Integer overflow, when an arithmetic operation attempts to create a numeric value that is outside of the range that can be represented with a given number of digits
Kavishka Anjula (born 23 September 1997) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Colts Cricket Club in the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament on 8 December 2017. He made his Twenty20 debut for Colts Cricket Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 24 February 2018. He made his List A debut for Colts Cricket Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 10 March 2018.
In March 2018, he was named in Colombo's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. In November 2019, he was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the men's cricket tournament at the 2019 South Asian Games. The Sri Lanka team won the silver medal, after they lost to Bangladesh by seven wickets in the final.
In October 2020, he was drafted by the Kandy Tuskers for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Colts Cricket Club cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
South Asian Games silver medalists for Sri Lanka
South Asian Games medalists in cricket
Kandy Tuskers cricketers
The 1st Deep Recce Strike Brigade Combat Team is a deep fighting formation of the British Army, currently headquartered in Tidworth, Wiltshire, as part of the 3rd (United Kingdom) Division.
History
As part of the Future Soldier Programme, which in turn arose from resulting from the Integrated Review of Security, Defence, Development and Foreign Policy ("Global Britain in a Competitive Age") published in March 2021, it was announced that the 1st Armoured Infantry Brigade and the 1st Artillery Brigade would merge to form a deep fighting formation known as 1st Deep Recce Strike Brigade Combat Team. The Brigade was officially stood up on 1 July 2022.
The brigade is designed to integrate reconnaissance assets with deep fires and non-lethal effects, utilising Ajax and MLRS systems. As the Future Soldier guide states:
Structure
The structure of the brigade is as follows:
1st Deep Recce Strike Brigade Combat Team
National Reserve Headquarters, Royal Artillery, at Royal Artillery Barracks, Woolwich (Army Reserve)
Household Cavalry Regiment, at Powle Lines, Bulford Camp (Armoured Cavalry)
1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards, at Caerwent Barracks, Caerwent (Light Cavalry)
The Royal Lancers (Queen Elizabeth's Own), at Catterick Garrison (Armoured Cavalry)
The Royal Yeomanry (Army Reserve), in Leicester (Light Cavalry)
1st Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, at Assaye Barracks, Tidworth Camp (Armoured Fires)
3rd Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, at Albemarle Barracks, Stamfordham (Deep Fires)
5th Regiment, Royal Artillery, at Marne Barracks, Catterick Garrison (Surveillance & Target Acquisition)
19th Regiment Royal Artillery, at Larkhill Garrison (Armoured Fires)
26th Regiment Royal Artillery, at Purvis Lines, Larkhill Garrison (Deep Fires)
101st (Northumbrian) Regiment, Royal Artillery, at Napier Armoury, Gateshead (Deep Fires, will provide a formed battery to each of 3 RHA and 26 Regt RA)
104th Regiment, Royal Artillery, at Raglan Barracks, Newport (Armoured Fires, will provide individual reinforcements to 1 RHA and 19 Regt RA)
6th Armoured Close Support Battalion, Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, at Delhi Barracks, Tidworth Camp
206 (North West) Multi-Role Medical Regiment, Royal Army Medical Corps (Army Reserve)
References
Infantry brigades of the British Army
Organisations based in Wiltshire
Doctor Who Unbound is a series of audio plays produced by Big Finish Productions. Free from the constraints of continuity, the Doctor Who Unbound audios present a series of "What if...?" scenarios, and cast new actors in the role of the Doctor.
Background
In Exile, Arabella Weir plays a female incarnation of the Doctor. American alternative weekly Houston Presss Jef Rouner described her portrayal as "one of the most melancholy of all the Doctors." Other actors who played the Doctor included Geoffrey Bayldon, David Collings, Derek Jacobi, and David Warner.
Sympathy for the Devil features UNIT during the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong in 1997. David Warner played an alternate Third Doctor in the story, which also saw Nicholas Courtney play an alternate version of The Brigadier and Mark Gatiss play an alternate version of The Master. Warner and Courtney reprised their roles for the eighth story in the range, Masters of War. In 2016, Warner and Gatiss reprised their roles as the Doctor and the Master respectively for The New Adventures of Bernice Summerfield audio drama series: The Unbound Universe and its sequel Ruler of the Universe in 2017. After being pulled from the Unbound universe into the regular continuity of the Doctor Who is a universe, both characters have made ongoing appearances in various Big Finish ranges.
In February 2022, after a 14 year hiatus, Big Finish Productions announced the return of Unbound. Two boxsets, compromising of 3 stories in each, feature Colin Baker as an alternate Warrior Doctor known as "The Doctor of War" in a universe where the Fourth Doctor made the ultimate decision on Skaro, destroying the Daleks and showing how events may have unfolded after that fateful decision was made. These boxsets were announced to be released in April and September 2022 respectively.
Cast and characters
Episodes
Original series (2003–08)
Doctor of War (2022)
Reception
Den of Geeks Andrew Blair selected Doctor Who Unbound as one of the ten Doctor Who stories that would make great musicals. The Mary Sues Alan Kistler said "fans enjoyed imagining these alternate Doctors" of David Warner and Arabella Weir. American alternative weekly newspaper Houston Presss Jef Rouner said the series "fielded a fantastic set of stories."
Fandom
In 2016, BBC Americas Anglophenia featured a fan-made version of the Doctor Who theme music for Unbounds alternate Second Doctor.
References
Audio plays based on Doctor Who
Big Finish Productions
Doctor Who spin-offs
Bigg Boss 12 is the twelfth season of the Indian reality TV series Bigg Boss which is based on the Dutch series Big Brother, and premiered on 16 September 2018 on Colors. The launch episode was titled "Bigg Night". Salman Khan hosted the season for the ninth time. The grand finale of the show took place on 30 December 2018 and Dipika Kakar was announced as the winner whereas Sreesanth became the runner-up .
Production
Background
Colors TV invited the general public to send their video clips through a streaming application called Voot on 15 April in order to audition for the show. It was later revealed by the show makers that this season of the show would feature contestants in pairs (any sort of pairs; friends, co-workers, spouses, siblings, etc.), therefore declaring the theme "Vichitra Jodis", which translates to "Strange Pairs".
Eye logo
The Bigg Boss "eye" is split, with red on one side and blue on the other; red representing fire and blue representing water.
House
House pictures were officially released on 16 September 2018; the House followed the theme of a "Beach House".
Bigg Boss: Outhouse
Four housemates entered the Bigg Boss Outhouse a day before the start of the show. The public had power to vote two housemates into the main house. Exclusive videos from the out-house were streaming on Voot from 15 September 2018. Surbhi Rana, Kriti Verma, Roshmi Banik and Mital Joshi were called into the house with a task called "Taala Khol", where one of the pairs were to be eliminated on the very first day of the show.
Outhouse status
Housemates status
Housemates
Original entrants
The participants in the order of appearance and entrance in the house are:
Karanvir Bohra – Television actor and reality television star. He is known for his performances in Kasautii Zindagii Kay, Dil Se Di Dua... Saubhagyavati Bhava?, Qubool Hai and Naagin 2. He was a contestant on Nach Baliye and Khatron Ke Khiladi 5.
Saurabh Patel – Farmer and a struggling actor. He was an assistant casting director for many television shows.
Shivashish Mishra – Businessman, model and struggling actor. He had a role in SET show Sankat mochan Mahabali Hanuman.
Dipika Kakar – Television and film actress, reality television star. She became a household name with her portrayal of Simar Dwivedi Bhardwaj in the long-running soap opera Sasural Simar Ka on Colors TV, and participated in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 8 and Nach Baliye, before making her Bollywood debut with the patriotic drama film Paltan (2018).
Romil Chaudhary – Lawyer from Haryana. He is also a rapper and reality television personality.
Nirmal Singh – Policeman from Haryana.
Neha Pendse – Television and film actress. She is known for her role of Sanjana in the Life OK comedy show May I Come In Madam?
Anup Jalota – Popular singer who has also sung occasionally for Hindi films. He was the host for a Star Plus show called Dharam Aur Hum.
Jasleen Matharu – Singer. She made her singing debut with Sukhwinder Singh in the song "Naachunga Saari Raat".
Srishty Rode – Television actress. She has appeared in several television shows including Saraswatichandra, Yeh Ishq Haaye, Punar Vivah - Ek Nayi Umeed and Ishqbaaaz.
Somi Khan – Actress, Sales manager.
Saba Khan – Actress, Front office manager in Hotel. She previously worked with a five-star chain of hotels including Taj Group, Alila Fort Bishangarh etc.
Deepak Thakur – Singer for Bollywood director Anurag Kashyap's films.
Urvashi Vani – Singer, Deepak Thakur's fangirl.
Kriti Verma – GST Inspector. She participated in the reality show MTV Roadies (season 15).
Roshmi Banik – Businesswomen.
Shanthakumaran Sreesanth – Former Indian cricketer, reality show star, politician, and now an actor. He participated in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 7.
Wild Card entrants
Surbhi Rana – ghatiya surabhi rana Dentist. She was a contestant on MTV Roadies 15.
Megha Dhade – Television and Marathi film actress. She appeared in shows like Kasautii Zindagii Kay, Pehchaan and Kasturi. In 2018, she won Bigg Boss Marathi in the first season of the Marathi version of Bigg Boss.
Rohit Suchanti – Television actor. He was noticed and appreciated for his work in Saath Nibhaana Saathiya and Rishta Likhenge Hum Naya.
Outhouse entrants
Weekly Summary
Guest appearances
Nominations table
indicates that the Housemate was directly nominated for eviction.
indicates that the Housemate was immune prior to nominations.
indicates the winner.
indicates the first runner-up.
indicates the second runner-up.
indicates the third runner-up.
indicates the fourth runner-up.
indicates the contestant has been evicted.
indicates the contestant walked out due to emergency.
indicates the contestant has been ejected.
house captain.
indicates the contestant is nominated.
Nomination notes
: The single housemates had to nominate three pairs of the duo housemates and duo housemates had to nominate two of the single housemates. Single housemates chose Dipika and Srishty. Duo housemates chose Kriti, Roshmi; Shivashish, Sourabh and Saba, Somi.
: Kriti, Roshmi were not given immunity even after they were captains, due to not following house rules.
: Prior to nominations, Kriti, Roshmi had special power to immune a pair or a single from nominations.
: Singles were only allowed to nominate pairs and pairs were only allowed to nominate singles.
: Singles had to demand for something from the Jodi given by Bigg Boss, if the demand was satisfied Jodi was safe & single was nominated, but if not satisfied Jodi was nominated & signal was safe.
References
External links
Official Website
2018 Indian television seasons
12
"Goldmine" is a song co-written, co-produced and performed by New Zealand recording artist Kimbra, issued as the third single from her second studio album The Golden Echo.
Critical reception
"Goldmine" has received positive reviews from critics, with many complimenting the song's R&B-ish sound. Stan Mahoney of The Guardian complimented the song's "rising R&B chant" as a seemingly welcome "departure from [Kimbra's] art pop stereotype"; while Sasha Geffen of Consequence of Sound called Kimbra's vocals on the song "elastic" while also stating that the song has the strongest chorus on the album. Ryan Reed of Paste echoed this notion, highlighting the song as "the album's true centerpiece".
Music video
The official music video for "Goldmine" was filmed in a factory in Berlin. It was shot in black-and-white using a high amount of stop-motion animation; and was directed by Chester Travis and Timothy Armstrong.
Critical reception
The music video has received critical acclaim. Rolling Stone called the video "stunning"; while Paley Martin of Billboard proclaimed it as "an artful and edgy [...] piece set to a soul-piercing soundtrack". Scott Heins of Okayplayer described the video as "hypnotic".
References
External links
2014 songs
2015 singles
Kimbra songs
Song recordings produced by Rich Costey
Song recordings produced by John Hill (record producer)
Song recordings produced by Kimbra
Song recordings produced by Al Shux
Songs written by Kimbra
Songs written by Fraser T. Smith
Warner Records singles
Billie Jean King won in the final 6–3, 6–4 against Rosie Casals.
Draw
External links
1971 BMC Invitational Draw
1971 Women's Tennis Circuit
Sasha Caleb Victorine (born February 3, 1978 in Santa Ana, California) is an American former soccer player.
He spent his entire professional career in Major League Soccer in the United States, making over 100 appearances for both Los Angeles Galaxy and Kansas City Wizards, before finishing his career with Chivas USA. He also made four appearances and scored one goal for the United States national team, and represented his country at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Career
Youth and College
Victorine played high school soccer at Rio Americano High School, and college soccer at UCLA, leading them to the NCAA title in 1997, and being named a first-team All-American in 1999. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Galaxy in the first round of the 2000 MLS SuperDraft.
Professional
Victorine spent five years with LA, winning the U.S. Open Cup in 2001 and the MLS Cup in 2002; his best season was 2001, when he scored seven goals and five assists. He was traded to Kansas City Wizards for a draft pick in 2005. Alternating between the attack and midfield, in six years in MLS, he scored 24 goals and 24 assists, adding four goals and two assists in the playoffs. Victorine was traded to Chivas USA on September 15, 2008, in return for allocation money. He retired from professional soccer in March 2010. He currently works in the Kansas City Wizards front office and also serves as a commentator on KCWE television station.
Throughout his career at UCLA, the Galaxy, and the US Olympic and national teams, Victorine was teammates with Peter Vagenas. The two Californians were born just four days apart. Sasha retired from professional soccer in March 2010. Since that time he has worked as a commentator for the Kansas City Wizards / Sporting Kansas City games on the KCWE & KSMO television stations respectively and is currently working in the role of Membership Development for Sporting Kansas City.
International
Victorine played for the United States in the 1999 Pan American Games and the 2000 Summer Olympics. He earned his first cap for the senior national team on October 25, 2000 against Mexico, and earned four caps total, scoring one goal. An attacking player for most of his career, US coach Bruce Arena played Victorine at right back.
Sports diplomacy
In November 2010, Victorine traveled to Cyprus as a SportsUnited Sports Envoy for the U.S. Department of State. In this function, he worked with Anthony Sanneh to conduct basketball clinics and events for 350 youth from underserved areas. In so doing, Victorine helped contribute to SportsUnited's mission to promote greater international understanding and inclusion through sport.
References
External links
MLS player profile
1978 births
Living people
American soccer players
UCLA Bruins men's soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
Olympic soccer players of the United States
Footballers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Soccer players from California
Major League Soccer players
LA Galaxy players
Sporting Kansas City players
Chivas USA players
United States men's youth international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
LA Galaxy draft picks
Association football midfielders
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in football
All-American men's college soccer players
Footballers at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
David Hirst is the name of:
David Hirst (judge) (1925–2011), English Lord Justice of Appeal, 1992–1999
David Hirst (journalist) (born 1936), Middle East correspondent based in Beirut
David Hirst (footballer) (born 1967), former football player, played for Sheffield Wednesday
David Hirst (arachnologist), described many species of huntsman spider, South Australian Museum in Adelaide
See also
David Hurst (born 1926), British-German actor, best known as Rudolph the headwaiter in Hello, Dolly
The Little Falls Broadway Bridge is the only road bridge within the city limits of Little Falls, Minnesota. The bridge was built in 1941 and is the 3rd bridge to occupy the current spot. It is located less than one block north of the Little Falls Dam and connects the city's "east side" and "west side". Arguably, the major flaw of the bridge is that it lands before the railroad tracks on the west side, therefore traffic is blocked whenever a train goes through. Proposals for a bridge that would go over the tracks have been discussed.
References
See also
List of crossings of the Upper Mississippi River
Road bridges in Minnesota
Bridges over the Mississippi River
Bridges completed in 1941
Girder bridges in the United States
Buildings and structures in Morrison County, Minnesota
Litham (, sometimes pronounced lifam) is a mouth-veil which the Tuareg and other North African nomads, particularly men, have traditionally used to cover the lower part of their face.
Role and significance
The litham has served as protection from the dust and extremes of temperature characterizing the desert environment. In cases of blood feuds, it also served as protection against violence by making the wearer difficult to recognize. Wearing of the litham is not viewed as a religious requirement, although it was apparently believed to provide magical protection against evil forces.
History and practice
Ancient African rock engravings depicting human faces with eyes but no mouth or nose suggest that the origins of litham are not only pre-Islamic but even pre-historic. The litham was commonly worn among the Berber Sanhaja tribes in north-west Africa. Its use by the Almoravids, who originated from a Sanhaja clan, gave it a political significance during their conquests in the 11th and 12th centuries. This practice gave rise to Almoravids being pejoratively nicknamed al-mulaththamun (the muffled ones). The Almohads, who succeeded the Almoravids as the dominant dynasty in the North African region, opposed the practice of wearing the litham, claiming that it is forbidden for men to imitate women's dress, but they never managed to suppress its use.
Among the Tuareg, men wear the litham, also called tagelmust, while women go unveiled. Tuareg boys start wearing the litham at the onset of puberty and the veil is regarded as a mark of manhood. It is considered improper for a man to appear unveiled in front of elders, especially those from his wife's family. The Tuareg litham is made of several pieces of Sudanese cloth which are sewn together to yield a strip about four yards long.
Tagelmust
The tagelmust (also known as cheich, cheche and litham) is an indigo-dyed cotton litham, with the appearance of both a veil and a turban. The cloth may exceed in length. It is mostly worn by Tuareg Berber men, the Hausa of the far northern Sahel region and the Songhai. In recent times, other colors have come into use, with the indigo veils saved for use on special occasions. It usually has many layers that cover the head, and it drapes down to loosely cover the neck. It is worn by some French people as a scarf.
The tagelmust covers the head. It prevents the inhalation of wind-borne sand by its wearers in the Sahara region. The indigo is believed by many of the wearers to be healthy and beautiful, with a buildup of indigo in the skin of the wearer being generally considered protecting the skin, and denote affluence. Because of the scarcity of water, the tagelmust is often dyed by pounding in dried indigo instead of soaking it. The dye often permanently leaches into the skin of the wearer, and because of this, the Tuareg are often referred to as the "blue men of the desert".
Among the Tuareg, men who wear the tagelmust are called Kel Tagelmust, or "People of the Veil". The tagelmust is worn only by adult males, and only taken off in the presence of close family. Tuareg men often find shame in showing their mouth or nose to strangers or people of a higher standing than themselves, and have been known to hide their features using their hands if a tagelmust is unavailable. The tagelmust has other cultural significance, as the manner in which it is wrapped and folded is often used to show clan and regional origin, and the darkness to which it is dyed showing the wealth of the wearer.
In literature and folklore
A number of legends were invented to explain the custom of male veiling. When one fell in battle and lost his litham, his friends could not recognize him until it was put back on. The word litham and its derivatives have been widely used in Arabic literature, in particular by the poets, who commonly employed puns between the general meaning of litham as veil and the verbal root lathama, which means "to kiss". In One Thousand and One Nights women use the litham to disguise themselves as men. The classical dictionary Lisan al-Arab by Ibn Manzur treats lifam as a separate word, describing it as a mouth veil worn by women.
See also
References
Further reading
Islamic male clothing
Veils
African clothing
Headgear
Berber culture
Scarves
Shawls and wraps
Silverdale is a village and civil parish within the City of Lancaster district of Lancashire, England. The village stands on Morecambe Bay, near the border with Cumbria, north west of Carnforth and of Lancaster. The parish had a population of 1,519 recorded in the 2011 census.
Silverdale forms part of the Arnside and Silverdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The RSPB's Leighton Moss nature reserve is close to the village train station. The National Trust owns several pieces of land in the area. The former Tarmac-owned Trowbarrow quarry is now a SSSI and popular climbing location. The Lancashire Coastal Way footpath goes from Silverdale to Freckleton, and the Cumbria Coastal Way goes from Silverdale to Gretna.
It is served by nearby Silverdale railway station on the line from Lancaster to Barrow in Furness.
Governance
Silverdale is in the UK Parliamentary Constituency of Morecambe and Lunesdale, represented since 2010 by David Morris (Conservative), who was re-elected with an increased majority in May 2015, a reduced majority in June 2017, and an increased majority in December 2019.
Before Brexit, it was in the North West England European Parliamentary Constituency.
Silverdale has a parish council, the lowest level of local government. In May 2019 five parish councillors were elected unopposed and two more were later co-opted.
Silverdale is in the non-metropolitan district of the City of Lancaster. The Silverdale ward includes the parishes of Yealand Conyers and Yealand Redmayne and has a total population of 2,035. On Lancaster City Council it is represented by one Liberal Democrat councillor, elected for a four-year term in May 2019.
Silverdale is in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire. On Lancashire County Council it forms part of Lancaster Rural North electoral division, and is represented by one Conservative councillor re-elected for a four-year term in May 2021.
Silverdale was previously in Lancaster Rural District until its abolition in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972.
Geography
Nearby towns and cities: Lancaster, Carnforth, Kendal, Grange-over-Sands
Nearby villages: Arnside, Warton, Yealand Conyers, Yealand Redmayne, Yealand Storrs
Protected areas
Silverdale is within the Arnside and Silverdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). The parish includes several Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs), including: Eaves Wood, Gait Barrows, Hawes Water (not to be confused with Haweswater reservoir in Cumbria), Jack Scout, Leighton Moss, Silverdale Golf Course, and Trowbarrow Quarry, and the whole of Morecambe Bay is also an SSSI.
Listed buildings
There are 20 listed buildings in Silverdale. The parish church and Slackwood Farmhouse are grade II* listed, while Lindeth Tower, the Silverdale Hotel, the lime kiln in Bottom's Lane, the chimney or tower at Jenny Brown's Point, twelve houses (four with barns) and two sets of entrance piers are grade II listed.
Demography
The parish had a population of 1,519 recorded in the 2011 census, This was a slight decrease from the 1,545 recorded in the 2001 census. The area of the parish is calculated by the Office for National Statistics as , giving a population density of . The ONS also identifies "Silverdale built-up area", covering the core of the village but not extending east of Bottoms Lane or south of Lindeth Tower, which has a 2011 population of 1,326, an area of and a density of .
In 2011 98.9% of the residents of the parish were white and 96.8% born in the United Kingdom. Their average age was 50.9 years and their median age 56, compared to figures for City of Lancaster district of 39.21 and 38 years.
Culture and community
The Gaskell Memorial Hall in the centre of the village hosts a wide range of activities and events. The Silverdale Village Players perform an annual Pantomime and another production each year, and the Silverdale Handbell Ringers (founded 1906, and formally the Silverdale Church Handbell Ringers) entertain at Christmas. The village has a Women's Institute, affiliated to the "Cumbria-Westmorland" Federation of Women's Institutes although Silverdale was not in Westmorland.
The Silverdale Village Institute is a registered charity and provides a building and playing field for public use. In 2013 its committee rejected a proposal for a skatepark on the field. The well-attended 2014 AGM saw a silent demonstration by the village's children in support of a skate park, and a major change in committee membership.
The annual Silverdale and Arnside Art and Craft Trail, when local and visiting artists display their works in many venues in the two villages, takes place each summer.
In February 2012 The Royal Hotel, a public house in a prominent location in the centre of Silverdale, became the subject of a dispute when its new owner announced his intention to use the pub and its gardens as the basis for a residential development. Local opposition led to the original submission being withdrawn. Revised plans were subsequently approved by Lancaster City Council's planning committee and in April 2016 a refurbished Royal Hotel opened its doors to trade once again.
Education
Silverdale Primary School (full name "Silverdale St John's Church of England Voluntary Aided Primary School") is housed in a Victorian building with more recent extensions, and has around 80 pupils. It was graded "Good" in its 2006 Ofsted report and an "Interim Assessment Statement" in 2010 stated that "the school's performance has been maintained", but in its 2012 inspection it was graded as "Satisfactory". In 2013 it again achieved a "Good" rating. There is no secondary school in the village.
Bleasdale School, formerly Bleasdale House School, is a day and residential special school for pupils with profound and multiple learning difficulties, with 20 pupils aged 2–19. It was graded "Outstanding" in its 2012 Ofsted school inspection report and "Good" in its 2013 Ofsted social care inspection report.
The village has a branch library open 18 hours/week. Its premises were an outbuilding of Bleasdale School, and were an electrician's shop before becoming a library in the 1960s. The library benefitted from a major refurbishment in December 2011, was closed on 29 September 2016 despite protests from the village community, and reopened on 1 November 2017.
Religious buildings
St John's Church is the Anglican parish church and a Grade II* listed building, built in 1885-86. The Methodist church was also built in the 19th century. Silverdale is within the Anglican Diocese of Blackburn, the Catholic Diocese of Lancaster and the North Lancashire Methodist Circuit.
Sport
The village has a bowls club and cricket team. Silverdale golf club, located near the railway station to the east of the village centre, was founded on 10 November 1906 and play started on 6 April 1907. Its original 9 hole course was extended to 12 holes in 1992 and to 18 holes in 2002.
Silverdale Hoard
In September 2011 a metal detectorist unearthed the Silverdale Hoard, an early 10th-century Viking hoard comprising 201 silver coins, jewellery, ingots and hacksilver that had been buried in a lead container in the vicinity of Silverdale. The hoard was bought by Lancashire Museums Service, and was displayed in Lancaster City Museum during 2013 and the Museum of Lancashire, Preston, during 2014.
The Matchless shipwreck
On 3 September 1894 the Morecambe pleasure boat Matchless capsized off Jenny Brown's Point on a trip from Morecambe to Grange-over-Sands. 25 holidaymakers from the industrial towns of Lancashire and Yorkshire drowned, the largest loss of lives in a single incident in Morecambe Bay.
Leeds Children's Charity
The Leeds Children's Charity (LCC) from 1904 to 2016 provided holidays for needy children from Leeds at its Silverdale Holiday Centre, which was to the north of the village centre overlooking Morecambe Bay. (The centre was actually across the county boundary so in Far Arnside, Cumbria, though very strongly associated with Silverdale). The charity was previously named the Leeds Children's Holiday Camp Association (LCHCA), and earlier the Leeds Poor Children's Holiday Camp Association. In its last years about 275 children each year were brought for a free five-day holiday, sometimes having never left Leeds before and seeing cows in fields for the first time. During their stay, they participated in a range of outdoor and indoor activities. The Association is a registered charity, and each year's Lady Mayoress of Leeds serves as its President. Its patrons include Matthew Lewis, the Leeds-born actor best known as Neville Longbottom in the Harry Potter films. It is supported by donations from individuals and organisations in Leeds and Silverdale and elsewhere.
Frances McNeil has written a history of the Holiday Camp in her 2004 book Now I am a swimmer.
In late 2015 it was announced that 2016 would be the final season of children's holidays at the Silverdale centre. The site was sold to the owner of the adjacent Holgates caravan site. The Leeds Children's Charity offered children holidays instead at Lineham Farm, near Leeds, and by 2021 the charity had merged with the Lineham Farm Trust to form a new charity, Leeds Children's Charity at Lineham Farm.
Notable residents
The duo Aquilo, who played on the BBC Introducing stage at Glastonbury Festival 2014, live in the village.
Kyril Bonfiglioli (1928-1985), an art dealer, magazine editor and comic novelist (author of the Mortdecai novels) lived in Silverdale in the 1960s and featured his home "Yewbarrow" in his books.
The English poet Gordon Bottomley (1874–1948) lived in Silverdale, and his visitors there included the artist Paul Nash.
The composer Edward Cowie (born 1943) lived in Silverdale in the 1970s.
The Victorian novelist Elizabeth Gaskell (1810–1865) regularly holidayed in Silverdale and is said to have written some of her works in Lindeth Tower in the village; the Gaskell Memorial Hall in the centre of the village is named after her.
The Yorkshire-born English novelist Willie Riley (1866 - 1961) moved to Silverdale in 1919 and named his house Windyridge, the title of his first novel.
Comedian Victoria Wood (1953-2016) was formerly a resident of Silverdale.
Emma Atkins (born 1975) is an English actress, known for her role as Charity Dingle in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale.
Silverdale in popular culture
The 2006 novel Sixpence in her Shoe by Frances McNeil is set partly in Silverdale in the 1920s, with particular reference to the Leeds Children's Holiday Camp.
In October 2013, the BBC Two television natural history series Autumnwatch was broadcast over four nights from Leighton Moss RSPB reserve at Silverdale.
A model of the village, including the "Pepperpot" (Queen Victoria Jubilee monument) and the village centre, features in Aquilo's 2021 video "Out in LA"; the Gaskell Memorial Hall is lifted away and replaced by the "101 Diner".
See also
Listed buildings in Silverdale, Lancashire
Hazelwood Hall
References
Further reading
(Silverdale was in Warton parish)
Full text available online
External links
Silverdale Parish Council
Silverdale, GENUKI article with historical and genealogical resources.
Leeds Children's Charity
Silverdale Village Institute
The Gaskell Memorial Hall
"Silverdale Village - Then and Now" Facebook page
Villages in Lancashire
Civil parishes in Lancashire
Geography of the City of Lancaster
Populated coastal places in Lancashire
Morecambe Bay
Clara Campoamor Rodríguez (12 February 1888 – 30 April 1972) was a Spanish politician, lawyer and writer, considered by some the mother of the Spanish feminist movement. She was one of the main promoters for women's suffrage in Spain, included in the Spanish Constitution of 1931 in part owing to her advocacy.
She was elected to the Constituent Assembly in 1931, before women were allowed to vote themselves. She later lost her parliamentary seat and briefly served as a government minister, before fleeing the country during the Spanish Civil War. Campoamor died in exile in Switzerland, and was later buried at the Polloe Cemetery in San Sebastian, Spain.
Biography
Clara Campoamor Rodríguez was born on 12 February 1888 in Madrid, Spain to a working-class family, she began working as a seamstress at age 13, but continued to study part-time on the side, eventually seeking to pass the test that would guarantee her entry into law school. In the interim, she worked her way up through a number of government positions, first with the Post Office in San Sebastián in 1909, then as a typing teacher back in Madrid in 1914. In addition to her job as a teacher, Campoamor became involved in the Madrid political scene through a second job as a journalist at the newspaper La Tribuna, where she got in touch with influential feminine figures of the time, such as Carmen de Burgos and Eva Nelken. These acquaintances led Clara Campoamor to join and collaborate with various feminist associations. and to write political commentary
After successfully passing the law school entrance exam and entering the University of Madrid School of Law, Campoamor continued to work multiple jobs; as a teacher, as a secretary for the newspaper, as a typist for the government and as a French translator. After she earned her degree in 1924, aged 36, and entered legal practice, Campoamor began participating in debate and intellectual societies in Madrid. Indeed, she was the second woman to ever incorporate the Madrid Bar Association, the first one to defend a case before the Spanish High Court, and one of the first to represent Spain in the League of Nations. Her private practice specialized in issues affecting women, including paternity cases and marital law. She would champion these issues in the professional organizations she became a member of, and the International Federation of Women Lawyers – an organization that she helped found in 1928. Campoamor successfully advocated in 1927 for improvements to the child labor laws and electoral law changes. When it became legal for women to run for the Constituent Assembly that would write a new constitution in 1931, she stood for a seat and was elected despite her inability to vote in the election.
On October of the same year, and using her position in the constituent assembly, she became the first woman to address it, in a memorable speech warning the male members of the assembly that their continued exclusion of women from voting was a violation of natural law: “To all deputies: I am a citizen before I am a woman. And I reckon it would be a tremendous political mistake not to allow women to exercise this right, women that look up to and trust you; women that, similarly to the French Revolution, will undoubtedly be a new power to our laws, and you only have to open their way”. Campoamor affirmed that a Republic could not be built without half the citizenship of the country and thus, women needed to be given the right to vote.
Her advocacy for women's rights was opposed not only by political conservatives and conservative Roman Catholics but by men on the left and one of only two other women in the assembly, Victoria Kent, who believed women would be influenced by Catholic priests. When her own party decided to oppose women's suffrage, she left the party and continued to advocate for suffrage as an independent member of the assembly. She maintained an independent affiliation amid a strong party system at the time, with the support of women's activists throughout Spain she was able to secure equal legal status for women in the new constitution. Throughout her political career, Campoamor insisted that her main role was to be a spokesperson for women, and women's issues remained her primary concern. Indeed, Campoamor participated and promoted the abolition of prostitution. It started as a debate in Congress in 1932, and the legislation got approved in 1935. Her reasons to impulse it were the potential for human trafficking and exploitation of the activity, and the circumstances some of the women were subjected to. She also used the Commission for the Protection of Women and Against Human Trafficking of the League of Nations, urging the Spanish Congress to abolish prostitution in line with its European neighbours.
Following the assembly's drafting of the new constitution, Campoamor became a political outcast because of her outspoken advocacy and willingness to abandon her party on principle. She lost her seat in parliament in 1933, but was appointed Director of Public Welfare from 1933 to 1934. In 1936, as the start of the Spanish Civil War brought violence to Madrid, she fled the country in fear for her life. She spent a decade in Buenos Aires as a translator and biographer, to finally settle in Lausanne, Switzerland and work as a lawyer. She could never go back to Spain, since she was barred from returning to Francoist Spain, unless she disclosed the names of allies and publicly apologized for past statements against the Catholic Church. Indeed, she was sentenced to 12 years of prison if she ever went back to her home country. As an exile, she continued to write about feminism and her experiences in politics.
Campoamor died in exile in 1972. Her ashes were repatriated and buried at the Polloe Cemetery in San Sebastián in May 1972.
Women's suffrage
After start of the Second Republic, Campoamor was elected deputy of Madrid constituency in the 1931 elections (then women could be elected, but not vote) by the Radical Party. She had joined this party because it was "republican, liberal, secular and democratic" and followed her own political ideology. She was part of the Constitutional Commission in charge of the preparation of the draft of the Constitution of the new republic composed of 21 deputies.
In that body, she fought against sexual discrimination, for the legal equality of children born within and outside marriage, the right to divorce and universal suffrage, often called the "women's vote". The latter was a fight towards a more just and equalitarian Spanish Republic. Through perseverance and after her memorable speech, women's right to vote was approved on October 1, 1931, with 161 votes in favour, 121 votes against and 188 abstentions. Women' suffrage also consolidated the role of women in political life, and allowed them to be part of it, rather than mere observers. The first election in which women were allowed to participate in Spain was in 1933, and only 3 years later, in 1936 (months before the coup d'état), Federica Montseny would become the first female minister in the history of western Europe.
Although Campoamor is said to be the mother of the feminist movement in Spain, Spanish women had followed the UK and US suffragettes in the 1920s, creating the Asociación Nacional de Mujeres Españolas (National Association of Spanish Women) in 1918, and celebrating the first feminist demonstration in Spain in 1921. A remarkable figure of said association was Carmen de Burgos, with which Campoamor would establish a relationship during her time as a teacher in Madrid, before law school. Even prior to said movement, an attempt to women's suffrage had been made in 1907.
The Left, with the exception of a group of Socialists and some Republicans, did not want women to vote because they were supposed to be heavily influenced by the Church and would vote in favor of the Right. Therefore, the Socialist Radical Party faced Clara with another recognized deputy, Victoria Kent, who was against the women's right to vote. The final debate was on October 1. Campoamor was considered the winner, and as a consequence, the adoption of the article 36, which enabled women's suffrage, was achieved with 161 votes in favor, 121 against. She was supported by most of the Socialist Party members – with some important exceptions like Indalecio Prieto – many of the right, almost all members of Republican Left of Catalonia and small republican groups like the Progressives and the Association of Defense of the Republic. The Republican Action, the radical socialist party of Spain, opposed her despite her membership in and support of the party.
Neither she nor Victoria Kent managed to renew their seats in the 1933 elections. In 1934, Campoamor left the Radical Party because of its subordination to the CEDA and the excesses in the repression of the insurrection in Asturias. In that same year, she tried (through the mediation of Prime Minister Santiago Casares Quiroga) to join the Republican Left, but her admission was denied. It was then she wrote and published – in May 1935 – Mi pecado mortal. El voto femenino y yo, a testimony of her parliamentary struggles.
Legacy
After the Spanish transition to democracy, there were many tributes and recognitions sponsored by organizations in favour of women's equality. Various institutes, schools, cultural centers, women's associations, parks and streets were renamed in Campoamor's honor. In 1998 the Ministry of Equality of Andalusian PSOE established Clara Campoamor Awards which are recognized annually. There is one per province and especially dedicated to those individuals or groups that have been important in the defense of women's equality.
For a long time, Clara Campoamor's figure was forgotten. However, her crucial role in Spanish politics and fight for women's rights has been commemorated in more recent times, celebrating the 90th anniversary of the Spanish Universal Suffrage approval in Congress. She dedicated her life and career to stand up and fight for women's rights, writing the biographies of Concepción Arenal and Juana Inés de la Cruz during her time in Argentina. Moreover, she participated in various publications and wrote articles for numerous newspapers in Buenos Aires (some of which can be found in La mujer en la diplomacia y otros escritos).
In 2006 Madrid Town Hall created an award with her name, which in its first edition was given to the lawyer and feminist María Telo Núñez.
In 2006, following the 75th anniversary of the women's right to vote in Spain, a campaign for the Congress of Deputies to recognize her contributions via a bust in its facilities was undertaken. In November, the Socialist Party (PSOE) presented an informal proposal asking its Government that their equal policies will be reflected in the production of the euro. Clara Campoamor was the female figure chosen to appear on future euro coins, as the leading advocate of women's suffrage in the Second Republic. This proposal was approved on 12 June 2007 by the Congress, with the support of all parliamentary groups except the Conservative Party (PP), which abstained.
In 2007, the Ministry of Development launched the ship Polivalente B-32 "Clara Campoamor", named in her honor and operated by the Maritime Security and Rescue Society.
In 2011, due to the centenary of International Women's Day, the National Mint and Stamp produced a commemorative silver coin valued at 20 euros. This coin shows the picture of Clara Campoamor.
In 2016, Norwegian Airlines named one of its new Boeing 737-800 aircraft (EI-FJY) 'Clara Campoamor' with her photo covering both sides of the plane's fin (vertical stabiliser).
On 23 December 2020, Madrid Chamartín railway station was officially renamed Madrid-Chamartín-Clara Campoamor.
In 2021, the European Parliament named one of their buildings in Brussels "Campoamor" in her honour.
Depictions
See also
List of 20th-century feminists
List of suffragists and suffragettes
Timeline of women's suffrage
Role of women in Spanish society
References
External links
1888 births
1972 deaths
Politicians from Madrid
Radical Republican Party politicians
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the Second Spanish Republic
Spanish women in politics
Spanish feminists
Exiles of the Spanish Civil War in Switzerland
20th-century Spanish lawyers
Spanish women lawyers
Spanish suffragists
20th-century Spanish women politicians
Following is a list of Ministers of National Education of Turkey.
References
List of Ministers of National Education at official website
Ministers of National Education
National Education
Ministry of National Education (Turkey)
Prey drive is the instinctive inclination of a carnivore to find, pursue and capture prey. The term is chiefly used to describe and analyse habits in dog training.
Aspects
In all predators the prey drive follows an inevitable sequence: Search (orient, nose/ear/eye); Stalk; Chase; Bite (grab-bite, kill-bite); Dissect; Consume. In wolves, the prey drive is complete and balanced, as it utilises the whole range from search to kill, ending in the consumption of the prey.
In different breeds of dog certain steps of these five have been amplified or reduced by human-controlled selective breeding for various purposes. The "search" aspect of the prey drive, for example, is most valuable in detection dogs such as bloodhounds and beagles. The "eye-stalk" is a strong component of the behaviors used by herding dogs. The "chase" is seen most clearly in racing dogs such as Greyhounds and Lurchers, while the "grab-bite" and "kill-bite" are valuable in the training of terriers.
In many breeds of dog, prey drive is so strong that the chance to satisfy the drive is its own reward, and extrinsic reinforcers, such as a command from a human, are not required to compel the dog to perform the behaviour.
Benefits
In dog training, prey drive can be used as a performative advantage because dogs with strong prey drive are also willing to pursue moving objects such as toys, which can then be used to encourage certain kinds of behavior, such as that of greyhound racing or the speed required in dog agility. Prey drive can be an important component of pet dog training, obedience training and schutzhund as well. Games such as fetch and tug-of-war can be an effective motivator and reward for learning.
Certain aspects of the prey drive can be a disadvantage in some dogs. In retrievers, for example, the dog is expected to chase prey and bring it back to the human hunter, but not bite or damage it. Herding dogs must exhibit the stalking and chasing aspects of prey drive, but should have strongly inhibited grab bite and kill bite stages to prevent them wounding stock. Bull Terriers such as the Staffordshire bull terrier have an amplified grab-bite as they were originally bred to bait bulls (restrain bulls by hanging onto their noses), but never needed to find or stalk the prey.
Degrees
Levels of prey drive often vary substantially in different dogs. Therefore, a dog with low drive does not make a successful detection or search dog, but a dog who is too high in prey drive may be unsuitable as a pet for a suburban home, as it may become bored and destructive when its high drive is not regularly satisfied.
Balance
Dogs are happiest and most balanced in overall behavior when their prey drive is properly stimulated and satisfied through play. Many professional dog trainers consider the dog bite tug to be an effective training tool in prey drive and "retrieve" skills development.
References
Dog training and behavior
Predation
Vavilovo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Khazarsky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 236 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Vavilovo is located 10 km south of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nizhny Dzhiglan and Khazar are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Tabasarans, Lezgins and Azerbaijanis live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The women's 65 kg (143 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third heaviest of the female Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the light heavyweight division when compared to the Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes. There were fifteen women from two continents (Europe and Oceania) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
As there were too few contestants for a tournament designed for sixteen, one woman had a bye to the quarter final stage. The tournament was won by Slovenia's Sabina Sehic who defeated Austrian 2004 I.A.K.S.A. Light-Contact world champion Nicole Trimmel in the final by split decision. Julia Göldner from Germany and Irena Kobosilova from the Czech Republic gained bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Nova Scotia (Workers' Compensation Board) v Martin; Nova Scotia (Workers' Compensation Board) v Laseur, [2003] 2 S.C.R. 504, 2003 SCC 54, is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision. The Court re-examined the authority of tribunals to hear constitutional challenges and their power to strike down legislation under section 52(1) of the Constitution Act, 1982. In doing so the Court overturned the previous decision of Cooper v. Canada (Human Rights Commission), (1996). Also, the Court struck down provisions within Nova Scotia's Workers' Compensation Act that prohibited people who were disabled by chronic pain from benefits as a violation of section 15(1) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Background
Donald Martin and Ruth Laseur both suffered from chronic pain caused by work injuries. They attempted to claim compensation from the injury but the Worker's Compensation Board denied any benefits.
They challenged the Worker's Compensation Act as a violation of equality rights under section 15(1) of the Charter for denying benefits to those with chronic pain. The Appeals Tribunal held that the Charter was violated in Martin's case.
The government appealed the decision and the Nova Scotia Court of Appeal held that the tribunal did not have the authority to apply the Charter. To arrive at this conclusion the court had followed the Cooper case. In that decision the Supreme Court was divided on when the Charter could be used. McLachlin argued that the Charter belonged "to the people" and so must be granted liberally. Lamer had argued otherwise, stating that only courts of proper authority could use it. The compromise was that it could only be used where there was clear legislative intent. On the facts here there was no clear legislative intent and so the appeal court found no authority.
Reasons of the court
The Court held that the tribunal had the authority to apply the Charter and found that the Act did violate it. Consequently, Martin was given the benefits and Laseur's case was sent back to the tribunal for reconsideration.
Justice Gonthier, writing for a unanimous Court, considered the question of whether the Charter could be applied by the tribunal. Gonthier stated that if the text of the legislation gives the tribunal authority to apply the law then it can also apply the Charter.
In the case where there is no express authority to apply law then the court can look for implied authority by considering the statute as a whole. Factors to be considered include the mandate of the tribunal, whether the body is adjudicative in nature, and whether it possesses any other characteristics of the administrative system.
If the claimant successfully argues that the tribunal has authority to use the Charter, the party opposing this can rebut the presumption by either showing that there is explicit withdrawal of the authority by the legislature, or by showing that the statutory scheme points to an intention to exclude the authority.
See also
List of Supreme Court of Canada cases (McLachlin Court)
External links
Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
2003 in Canadian case law
Footloose is a 2011 American musical film co-written and directed by Craig Brewer. It is a remake of the 1984 film of the same name and stars Kenny Wormald, Julianne Hough, Miles Teller, Andie MacDowell and Dennis Quaid. The film follows a young man who moves from Boston to a small Southern town and protests the town's ban against dancing. Filming took place from September to November 2010 in Georgia. It was released in Australia and New Zealand on October 6, 2011, and in North America on October 14, 2011. It grossed $15.5 million in its opening weekend and $63 million worldwide from a $24 million budget.
Plot
After a long night of partying, an intoxicated Bobby Moore and his friends are killed when their car collides head-on with a truck on a bridge on their way home to the town of Bomont, Georgia. This prompts his father Shaw Moore, the town reverend, to persuade the city council to pass several draconian laws and ordinances, one of which bans all unsupervised dancing within city limits.
Three years later, Boston-raised teenager Ren McCormack moves to Bomont to live with his uncle Wes Warnicker, aunt Lulu, and cousins Sarah and Amy after his mother's death from leukemia and his father's desertion. Upon arrival, Ren befriends fellow Bomont High senior Willard Hewitt, who explains the ban on dancing.
He soon begins to be attracted to Shaw's rebellious daughter Ariel, who is dating dirt-track driver Chuck Cranston. After Chuck insults him, Ren ends up in a race involving buses and wins despite his inability to drive one and almost getting killed. Shaw mistrusts Ren and forbids Ariel from ever seeing him again. Ren and his classmates want to do away with the law and have a senior prom. He also teaches Willard how to dance.
After a while, Ariel begins to fall for Ren and dumps Chuck, resulting in a fight between them. Later in church, Shaw finds out about it and demands Ren's arrest, but Ariel tells him that he can't blame everything on Ren like he did with Bobby. She then reveals that she lost her virginity, prompting Shaw to beg for her to not talk like that in church. Ariel then sarcastically asks him if he will pass another law, as it didn't stop her and Chuck from having sex. Shaw slaps her abruptly, shocking his wife Vi, and prompting Ariel to tearfully and angrily criticize his domineering ways and storm out.
When Shaw tries to apologize Vi stops him, telling him he has gone too far. Supporting the dancing movement, she tells him that he is not being good to Ariel, he cannot be everyone's father and dancing and music are not the problems.
Ren goes before the city council and reads several Bible verses given to him by Ariel. They describe that even in ancient times people would dance to rejoice, exercise, celebrate or worship.
Despite the city council voting against him, Ren's boss offers his cotton mill, which is technically in the neighboring town of Bayson, to let the seniors have their prom. Knowing that Shaw still has enough influence to pressure the parents not to let their teenagers come, Ren visits him one evening. In the conversation they realize their common ground is the loss of a loved one. After Shaw tells the story of Bobby, Ren describes his mother's death and states that even though they denied the motion to dismiss the law, they cannot stop the dance. He then respectfully requests to take Ariel, and Shaw agrees.
A few days before the prom, Shaw unexpectedly asks his congregation to pray for the high school students putting on the prom. The students (and many parents) prepare and decorate the mill for the prom.
Not long after Ren and Ariel arrive at the prom, Chuck and several of his friends arrive to instigate chaos. However, Ren, Willard, Ariel and her best friend Rusty Rodriguez subdue them. Ren goes inside, exclaiming "Hey, I thought this was a party!" Then he flings confetti into a shredding machine and yells, "Let's dance!" as everyone joins in dancing to the opening song "Footloose".
Cast
Kenny Wormald as Ren McCormack
Julianne Hough as Ariel Moore
Miles Teller as Willard Hewitt
Andie MacDowell as Vi Moore
Dennis Quaid as Reverend Shaw Moore
Ser'Darius Blain as Woody
Ziah Colon as Rusty Rodriguez
Patrick John Flueger as Chuck Cranston
Ray McKinnon as Uncle Wes Warnicker
Kim Dickens as Aunt Lulu Warnicker
Mary-Charles Jones as Cousin Sarah Warnicker
Maggie Elizabeth Jones as Cousin Amy Warnicker
Josh Warren as Richard "Rich" Sawyer
Jayson Warner Smith (uncredited) a Officer Herb
Production
Development
In October 2008, Kenny Ortega was announced as director but left the project a year later after differences with Paramount and the production budget. Peter Sollett was also hired to write the script. Dylan Sellers, Neil Meron and Craig Zadan served as producer; Zadan having produced the original Footloose. In 2010, Craig Brewer came on to re-write the script after Crawford and Ortega left the project and also served as director. The writer of the original film, Dean Pitchford, also co-wrote the screenplay. Amy Vincent served as cinematographer.
Casting
In July 2007, Zac Efron was cast as Ren McCormack, but he left the project in March 2009. Two months later, it was reported that Chace Crawford would replace Efron, but he later had to back out due to scheduling conflicts. Thomas Dekker was a "top candidate" for the role but on June 22, 2010, Entertainment Weekly reported that Kenny Wormald had secured the lead role as McCormack.
Former Dancing with the Stars ballroom-dance professional Julianne Hough was cast as Ariel. Amanda Bynes, Miley Cyrus, and Hayden Panettiere were considered for the part before Hough was cast. Dennis Quaid was cast as Reverend Shaw Moore, and Miles Teller was cast as Willard Hewitt. On August 24, 2010, Andie MacDowell joined the cast as Quaid's wife. During an interview on The Howard Stern Show, Kevin Bacon said he declined a cameo appearance in the film as he did not like the role he was offered: Ren McCormack's deadbeat dad. Though Bacon passed on the role, he gave Brewer his blessing.
Filming
While the original film has the fictional town of "Bomont" located in Utah, the remake instead places the town in Georgia. On a budget of $24 million, principal photography began in September 2010 in and around metro Atlanta, and wrapped two months later in November. A courtroom scene was shot at the Newton County Historic Courthouse in Covington, Georgia on September 17, 20 and 21. A family scene was filmed at the New Senoia Raceway in Senoia on October 1.
A scene taken from the original film, in which McCormack plays a game of "chicken" with his love interest's boyfriend, was filmed on the Chattahoochee River bridge on Franklin Parkway in downtown Franklin also in October. The home and church scene in the film were filmed in downtown Acworth. Production used the sanctuary of the Acworth Presbyterian Church and the house of the Mayor, Tommy Allegood.
Music
The original soundtrack was released by Atlantic Records and Warner Music Nashville on September 27, 2011. It includes eight new songs and four remakes of songs from the original film's soundtrack. Brewer said, "I can promise Footloose fans that I will be true to the spirit of the original film. But I still gotta put my own Southern grit into it and kick it into 2011." Kenny Loggins' "Footloose" was covered by Blake Shelton for the remake, which is an upbeat country version. The film opens with several teens dancing to Loggins' original version of the song. Like the original film, the 2011 version also features "Bang Your Head (Metal Health)" by the heavy metal band Quiet Riot and "Let's Hear It for the Boy" by Deniece Williams.
Release and promotion
The film was originally scheduled for release in North America on April 1, 2011, but was moved to October 14, 2011. Footloose was released in Australia and New Zealand on October 6, 2011.
Paramount and HSN partnered for a 24-hour promotion on October 12, 2011. They sold clothing inspired by the film, such as women's red boots, denim, footwear and nail polish brands created by Vince Camuto and Steve Madden. To promote the film, Paramount sent the cast and director on a promotional tour in over a dozen cities.
Footloose was promoted on the October 11, 2011, episode of Dancing with the Stars. The episode featured film stars Kenny Wormald and Julianne Hough—a former champion on the show—dancing to the songs "Holding Out for a Hero" and "Footloose" from the film's soundtrack with Blake Shelton performing the song live. At the CMA Awards, Shelton was joined by original "Footloose" performer Kenny Loggins to sing the song. Many of Viacom owned channels, like MTV, Nickelodeon and CMT advertised and promoted the film.
Reception
Box office
Pre-release audience pollings predicted the film to take in $20 million its opening weekend. However, Paramount expected it to be closer to $15 million. Footloose opened in 3,549 theaters taking in $15.5 million and placing number two, behind Real Steel ($16.2 million) in its opening weekend. Exit polls indicated that the film appealed to 75 percent of females and 28 percent of the teen market. About 60 percent of the audience were over age 25 and 46 percent over age 35. The 20th highest grossing locations on Friday were in Salt Lake City, Oklahoma City, Knoxville, Kansas City, and San Antonio. The opening was lower than other recent dance films like, Save the Last Dance (2001, $23.4 million), Step Up (2006, $20.7 million), but it performed around the same as Step Up 3D (2010, $15.8 million) and You Got Served (2004, $16.1 million). The 1984 Footloose opened to $20 million when adjusted for ticket price inflation. In its second weekend the film held well, with a drop of 34 percent. It placed third and grossed an estimated $10.4 million.
In Australia, the film opened to $1.05 million and to $88,078 in New Zealand. Footloose has grossed $51.1 million in the United States and Canada, and $10.9 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $62 million. The 1984 Footloose grossed over $80 million worldwide.
Critical response
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 68% of 174 surveyed critics have given the film a positive review; the average rating is 6.0/10. The website's consensus is: "While it hews closely to the 1984 original, Craig Brewer infuses his Footloose remake with toe-tapping energy and manages to keep the story fresh for a new generation." Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, gives the film a score of 58 based on 35 reviews. CinemaScore polls reported that the average grade moviegoers gave the film was an "A" on an A+ to F scale.
Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly gave the film an A−. Praising the performance of Wormald, she said he "handily owns the role for a new audience" and closed her review saying, "Guardians of the '80s flame will approve of the production's sincere respect for the original; church still matters, and so do Ariel's red cowboy boots." Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times rated the film one and half stars out of four, calling it "a film without wit, humor or purpose". Ebert further criticized the film for being too close to the 1984 original and Wormald's lack of charisma compared to Bacon.
Varietys Rob Nelson wrote that the film failed to distinguished itself from the original and criticized Wormald and Hough's acting performances, saying, "When the music stops, young Hough is saddled, like her co-star, with the impossible task of making 27-year-old verbiage sound fresh." Nelson wrote that Brewer's musical staging is "subtly less theatrical than Ross', but it hardly constitutes a reinvention" and that Brewer's film comes across as "slightly milder" than Ross', such as with Ariel's abuse by former boyfriend being toned down for 2011. Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter disliked how the dance numbers and action sequences were staged, shot and cut, saying, "The visual clumsiness does not disguise that Wormald (a professional dancer since extreme youth), especially, but the others too, are very good dancers. But the compositions vary randomly between close-ups, awkward medium shots and general coverage that cuts together with no cumulative dynamic power." Orlando Sentinel's Roger Moore gave the film two and half out of four stars.
Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times wrote that the film "doesn't have the emotional impact of the original, but it ups the energy level." He said that the film was "not so much a remake as a renovation" and said the remake is similar to the original "in all the ways that count". The New York Timess A. O. Scott called the dance numbers "woefully inadequate" when compared with Glee, High School Musical and Step Up. For Wormald's performance he said, "He has energy but no real magnetism, and while he may be in possession of what are technically known as 'moves', his dancing lacks sensuality and a sense of release." Scott gave Miles Teller a good review saying that he "has a natural charisma that is both comic and kind of sexy". He described the music in the remake as "better and more eclectic than the original, with some blues, country and vintage metal mixed in with the peppy dance tunes".
Home media
Paramount Home Entertainment released Footloose on DVD and Blu-ray on March 6, 2012.
References
External links
Footloose at The Numbers
2011 films
2011 romantic drama films
2010s coming-of-age drama films
2010s dance films
2010s musical drama films
2010s romantic musical films
2010s teen drama films
2010s teen romance films
American coming-of-age drama films
American dance films
Remakes of American films
American musical drama films
American romantic drama films
American romantic musical films
American teen drama films
American teen musical films
American teen romance films
2010s English-language films
Coming-of-age romance films
Films about proms
Films directed by Craig Brewer
Films scored by Deborah Lurie
Films set in Georgia (U.S. state)
Films shot in Georgia (U.S. state)
Films with screenplays by Craig Brewer
Musical film remakes
MTV Films films
Paramount Pictures films
Spyglass Entertainment films
2010s American films
The Baro River () or Baro/Openo Wenz, known to the Anuak as Openo River, is a river in southwestern Ethiopia, which defines part of Ethiopian border with South Sudan. From its source in the Ethiopian Highlands it flows west for to join the Pibor River. The Baro-Pibor confluence marks the beginning of the Sobat River, a tributary of the White Nile.
The Baro and its tributaries drain a watershed in size. The river's mean annual discharge at its mouth is 241 m³/s (8,510 ft³/s).
Course
The Baro/Openo river is created by the confluence of the Birbir and Gebba Rivers, east of Metu in the Illubabor Zone of the Oromia Region. It then flows west through the Gambela Region to join with the Pibor River, both of them creating the Sobat. Other notable tributaries of the Baro/Openo include the Alwero and Jikawo Rivers. The Baro meets the Pibor river to the west of Jikawo. During the rainy season the river floods to form the huge inundated area to the east and south of Jikawo, previously penetrating as far as Abobo and Gog to the east and south-east.
Natural history
Of the Sobat River's tributaries, the Baro/Openo River is by far the largest, contributing 83% of the total water flowing into the Sobat. During the rainy season, between June and October, the Baro River alone contributes about 10% of the Nile's water at Aswan, Egypt. In contrast, these rivers have very low flow during the dry season.
History
The boundary between Sudan and Ethiopia was defined for the region near the Baro/Openo River in 1899 by Major H.H. Austin and Major Charles W. Gwynn of the British Royal Engineers. They had no knowledge of the land, its inhabitants, or their languages, and were short on supplies. Rather than defining a line based on ethnic groups and traditional territories, essentially along the escarpment that separates the highlands and the plains, they simply proposed drawing the line down the middle of the Akobo River and parts of the Pibor and Baro rivers. This boundary was consummated in the Anglo-Ethiopian Treaty of 1902, resulting in an area in Ethiopian Gambela Region called the Baro/Openo Salient. This area is more closely connected to South Sudan than Ethiopia, both in terms of natural features and people. The Baro Salient was used as a sanctuary by Sudanese insurgents during the country's long civil wars. It was difficult for Sudan to exert authority over a region that is part of Ethiopia, and Ethiopia was reluctant to police this remote region and become involved in the politics of Sudan's internal conflicts.
Vittorio Bottego, who explored the area in the later 1890s, proposed naming the river after Admiral Simone Antonio Saint-Bon.
The only navigable river in Ethiopia, the Baro's most important city is Gambela, which served as a port from 1907 until the 1990s when civil war in Ethiopia and Sudan forced shipping on the river to be halted.
The Italian L. Usoni unsuccessfully prospected for gold in the Baro river valley, and published his findings in 1952.
The second-longest bridge in Ethiopia crosses the Baro, connecting two parts of the Gambela Region. This bridge is 305 meters long.
See also
List of rivers of Ethiopia
List of rivers of South Sudan
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Rivers of South Sudan
Sobat River
International rivers of Africa
Ethiopian Highlands
Ethiopia–South Sudan border
Geography of Oromia Region
Gambela Region
Greater Upper Nile
Upper Nile (state)
Border rivers
Important Bird Areas of Ethiopia
Ipatinga Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football club based in Ipatinga, state of Minas Gerais, founded on 21 May 1998. During the 2013 season, the club played in Betim, shortly after returned to Ipatinga in 2015.
On May 22, 2022, the club was acquired by businessman Marcos Ferraz, through his conglomerate Kraken Holding, Inc, who took over management immediately, transforming the club into SAF (anonymous football company) and registered its squad to participate. of the championship of the same year.
History
The club was founded on 21 May 1998 by entrepreneur Itair Machado, a former player for Atlético Mineiro and Cruzeiro, and at the time the sponsor of Social Futebol Clube, a club located in Coronel Fabriciano city (a neighbor city of Ipatinga), with the support of Gercy Mathias, who was the president of the amateur club Novo Cruzeiro Futebol Clube, located in Ipatinga's neighborhood of Novo Cruzeiro; Cosme Mattos, former sportsman; Doctor Rinaldo Campos Soares, president of Sistema Usiminas; Doctor Ronaldo Monteiro de Souza, president of Usisaúde, and Francisco Carlos Delfino (also known as "Chico Ferramenta"), then mayor of Ipatinga. Together, they professionalized Novo Cruzeiro Futebol Clube and renamed the club as Ipatinga Futebol Clube.
After establishing a team of professional players, the administrators entered the team to the state championship where the team came second in the second division in 1998. In the following year, the team competed in the first division, coming second in the Second Module of the division. As a result, in 2000 Ipatinga Futebol Clube played against the state's elite teams throughout the First Module of the first Division, ending the competition in fourth place.
Seven years after its foundation, the team won the 2005 state title, beating Cruzeiro and finished as runner-up of the competition the following year. In the 2006, Ipatinga competed in the Copa do Brasil, which is the second most important national competition in Brazil. To reach the semifinals, the team beat Botafogo and Santos, respectively the champions of that year's (2006)Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo state championships. However, Ipatinga was eliminated by Flamengo, of Rio de Janeiro, in the semifinals. Shortly after the competition was over, three players and the coach of Ipatinga transferred to Flamengo. In 2006, the club also finished third in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, thus being promoted to the following year's Brazilian Championship Second Level. After finishing runner-up in the 2007's Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, Ipatinga gained promotion to the elite of Brazilian football in 2008's Série A.
In 2008, Ipatinga was relegated twice in the same season, first from the State Championship, and then from the Série A. In the following years, the club had mixed results, with eventual good campaigns in some championships followed by relegations in others. In 2012, due to a severe financial crisis and losing the support of the Ipatinga population, the club decided to move to Betim, changing its name to Betim Esporte Clube.
New Club
After 40 million reais in debt and no support, due to the club's many controversies, president Nicanor Pires announced the end of activities and its bankruptcy, which generated great national commotion in the sports environment, but even with all this movement, the club was scheduled to close completely on April 22, 2022.
On the morning of April 22, Marcos Ferraz, through Kraken Holding, Inc. presented its proposal to acquire the club and transform it into SAF (sociedade anônima do futebol), a proposal that was quickly approved by the entire management and board of the club. At 6:00pm, Ipatinga Futebol Clube releases an official statement informing that the SAF agreement was made, that the first financial contributions had been made and that Ferraz would assume the management of the club from that moment on.
In its debut in the Campeonato Mineiro on April 27, just 5 days after its acquisition, Ipatinga Futebol Clube starts its campaign making an incredible 2x0 in the first half against the Tupi team.
Current squad
2013 season roster
Notable coaches
Ney Franco (2005–06)
Ney da Matta (2006, 2011)
Flávio Lopes (2007)
Gilson Kleina (2007, 2010)
Giba (2008)
Ricardo Drubscky (2008)
Márcio Bittencourt (2008)
Enderson Moreira (2008)
Marcelo Oliveira (2009)
Émerson Ávila (2007)
Léo Condé (2010)
Gerson Evaristo (2010–11)
Guilherme (2011)
Eugênio Souza (2012–2013)
Wallace Lemos (2013)
Moacir Júnior (2013)
Reinaldo (2014)
Ney da Matta (2014)
Pedro Henrique (2014)
Wasterdeily Lima (2015)
Conrado Ramos (2016)
Wantuil Rodrigues (2017)
Eugênio Souza (2017–)
Honours
Domestic
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 0
Runner-up (1): 2007
State
Campeonato Mineiro: 1
2005
Runners-up (2): 2006, 2010
Taça Minas Gerais: 2
2004, 2011
Campeonato Mineiro Second Level: 1
2009
Campeonato Mineiro Third Level: 1
2017
Stadium
For 14 years, the club played in the Municipal Stadium Epaminondas Mendes Brito (later named João Lamego Netto), usually known as Ipatingão or Lamegão, built in 1982, with a maximum capacity of 15,000 people. Nowadays the club awaits the construction of a football stadium in Betim, and will probably play in other cities, such as Sete Lagoas, in the first semester of 2013.
Colors and symbols
The club colors are the same colors as the city of Ipatinga's. The mascot is a tiger, and was chosen in a popular contest. The tiger had 7948 votes, in second the eagle had 2529 votes, in third the cat had 846 votes, in fourth the parakeet had 713 votes, and in fifth the parrot had 202 votes.
References
External links
Official Website
Association football clubs established in 1998
1998 establishments in Brazil
She Hates Me is a 2004 American independent comedy drama film directed by Spike Lee and starring Anthony Mackie, Kerry Washington, Ellen Barkin, Monica Bellucci, Brian Dennehy, Woody Harrelson, Bai Ling and John Turturro.
The film garnered controversy, and, as with many of Lee's films, touches on comedy, drama, and politics. Unlike many prior works, Spike Lee does not have an acting credit in this film.
The film was shot mostly on location in New York City, including each of the city's five boroughs. It was nominated for various awards but failed to win. She Hates Me was released in July 2004 and grossed almost half a million dollars at the box office in limited release, with overall revenues of around $1.5 million. The shooting budget was estimated at $8 million.
Plot
John Henry "Jack" Armstrong (Anthony Mackie) is a financially successful and upwardly mobile executive at a biotechnology firm who, following the suicide of a colleague, Dr. Herman Schiller, is falsely accused of securities fraud by his superior, Leland Powell (Woody Harrelson). Armstrong's assets are frozen, and he finds himself unable to maintain his quality of life.
In order to make ends meet, he becomes a sperm donor, initially by acquiescing to the desires of Fatima Goodrich (Kerry Washington), his ex-fiancée who came out as a lesbian and now wants a child. Although there is still unresolved bitterness and tension between them over Armstrong and Goodrich's prior relationship (as before coming out, Armstrong discovered her cheating on him with another woman), she and her girlfriend, Alex Guerrero (Dania Ramirez), offer him a substantial sum of money to impregnate them both. This leads to Goodrich goading Armstrong into establishing a business in which groups of lesbians come over to his house and pay him $10,000 each to have sex with them in order to become pregnant. This business becomes a success, along with many of the women enjoying the intercourse with him.
One of the women whom Armstrong impregnates is the daughter of a mafia boss, Don Angelo Bonasera (played by John Turturro). Armstrong's employers learn of his impregnation business, and they use it in their campaign to sully his image in order to deflect attention from their own criminal business activities. Conflict is also depicted in the turbulent relationship between Armstrong's mother and his dependent diabetic father (Jim Brown).
At the film's climax, Armstrong's situation is portrayed as a cause célèbre, with protests being held in support of or against him, and the news media interviewing people on the street with respect to his sexual activities. Armstrong is called before a committee of the United States Senate investigating his alleged securities fraud, where both his services to lesbians and his relationship to the "Bonasera crime family" are raised.
Armstrong's situation is compared, both by cutaway scenes and by direct reference in dialogue, to the plight of Frank Wills, the security guard who discovered the break-in that led to the Watergate scandal, which brought down President Nixon. He eventually wins the case and is seen with nineteen of the children he helped his lesbian acquaintances make at the end.
By the end of the film, Armstrong and Goodrich have come to terms with their lingering feelings for one another, and with the mutual attraction they share for Guerrero. They then begin a three-way polyamorous relationship, and Armstrong apparently maintains a friendship with all of the eighteen women who became pregnant by him.
Cast
Anthony Mackie as John Henry "Jack" Armstrong
Kerry Washington as Fatima Goodrich
Jim Brown as Geronimo Armstrong
John Turturro as Don Angelo Bonasera
Q-Tip as Vada Huff
Woody Harrelson as Leland Powell
Dania Ramirez as Alex Guerrero
Monica Bellucci as Simona Bonasera
Lonette McKee as Lottie Armstrong
Michael Genet as Jamal Armstrong
Ossie Davis as Judge Buchanan
Brian Dennehy as Chairman Billy Church
Ellen Barkin as Margo Chadwick
David Bennent as Dr. Herman Schiller
Joie Lee as Gloria Reid
Chiwetel Ejiofor as Frank Wills
Michole Briana White as Nadiyah
Paula Jai Parker as Evelyn
Murphy Guyer as John Erlichman
Bai Ling as Oni
Sarita Choudhury as Song
Jamel Debbouze as Doak
Isiah Whitlock as Agent Amos Flood
Lemon as Eugenio Martinez
Kim Director as Grace
T.V. Carpio as Gail
Rick Aiello as Rocco Bonasera
Don Harvey as G. Gordon Liddy
Production
Spike Lee based the title of the film on XFL football player Rod Smart, who gained some notoriety by nicknaming himself "He Hates Me". The main character in the film references Smart when explaining why he has decided to nickname his ex-fiancée "She Hates Me". The title words of this film originally were spoken by Boris Karloff's Monster in response to the revulsion of Elsa Lanchester seeing him for the first time in the climax of Bride of Frankenstein. John "Jack" Henry's name alludes to the legend of John Henry, who worked hard against his opponent (the steel driving machine) and won, but soon afterward died of heart failure.
Actor Isiah Whitlock Jr. appears in the film as Agent Amos Flood, with the same last name of a role he played in the Spike Lee film 25th Hour, though there are no obvious parallels between the two films. This was the last film featuring Ossie Davis, as he died in February 2005. German actor David Bennent re-appeared after a long film career absence, and portrays the German scientist who 'jumps' to his end. Raul Midon sang the theme song for the movie, "Adam 'N' Eve 'N' Eve". In the film, Armstrong's brother disapproves of his impregnating lesbians and also uses the phrase "Adam 'N' Eve 'N' Eve.
Some real human births are seen up-close in the film. A live human birth is also portrayed in another Spike Lee film, Mo' Better Blues.
Reception
Critical response
She Hates Me received a sharply negative reaction from film critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 19% based on 103 reviews, with an average score of 3.93/10 and the consensus that the film "can't decide if it wants to be a commentary on corporate greed or a sex farce". "It's not only unfathomable and borderline offensive, it's never-ending, leaving its bewildered and battered audience in the dark for well over two hours," wrote Detroit Free Press critic Terry Lawson. Roger Ebert, who gave the film three stars out of four, said the film "will get some terrible reviews. Scorched earth reviews. Its logic, style, presumption and sexual politics will be ridiculed. The Tomatometer will be down around 20"—a spot-on prediction, as it turned out. "Many of the things you read in those reviews may be true from a conventional point of view. Most of the critics will be on safe ground. I will seem to be wrong. Seeming to be wrong about this movie is one of the most interesting things I've done recently. I've learned from it."
The film grossed a total of $1,522,377 in the box office.
Awards
BET Comedy Awards
Outstanding Directing for a Theatrical Film (Spike Lee)
Outstanding Writing for a Theatrical Film (Michael Genet and Spike Lee)
Black Reel Awards
Best Breakthrough Performance (Anthony Mackie)
Best Director (Spike Lee)
Best Original Score (Terence Blanchard)
Best Screenplay, Original or Adapted (Michael Genet and Spike Lee)
References
External links
2004 comedy-drama films
2004 LGBT-related films
2004 films
African-American LGBT-related films
African-American films
American business films
American independent films
American sex comedy films
American comedy-drama films
American LGBT-related films
Films about businesspeople
Films directed by Spike Lee
40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks films
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
Films shot in New Jersey
Sony Pictures Classics films
Watergate scandal in film
Films with screenplays by Spike Lee
Lesbian-related films
Films scored by Terence Blanchard
LGBT-related sex comedy films
2000s sex comedy films
2000s English-language films
Polyamory in fiction
2000s American films
Vladimir Vasilyevich Markovnikov (), also spelled as Markownikoff ( – 11 February 1904), was a Russian chemist.
Early life and education
Markovnikov studied economics at the University of Kazan; during his studies, under the Russian cameral system, he also studied chemistry.
Career
After a conflict with that university, Markovnikov was appointed professor at the University of Odessa in 1871 and, two years later, at the University of Moscow, where he stayed the rest of his career. He was elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society in 1901.
Work
Markovnikov is best known for Markovnikov's rule, elucidated in 1869 to describe addition reactions of H-X (where 'X' represents a halogen) to alkenes. According to this rule, the nucleophilic X- adds to the carbon atom with fewer hydrogen atoms, while the proton adds to the carbon atom with more hydrogen atoms bonded to it. Thus, hydrogen chloride (HCl) adds to propene, CH3-CH=CH2 to produce 2-chloropropane CH3CHClCH3 rather than the isomeric 1-chloropropane CH3CH2CH2Cl. The rule is useful in predicting the molecular structures of products of addition reactions. Why hydrogen bromide exhibited both Markovnikov and reversed-order, or anti-Markovnikov, addition, however, was not understood until Morris S. Kharasch offered an explanation in 1933. It is also called The Peroxide effect sometimes.
Hughes has discussed the reasons for Markovnikov's lack of recognition during his lifetime. Although he published mostly in Russian which was not understood by most Western European chemists, the 1870 article in which he first stated his rule was written in German. However the rule was included in a 4-page addendum to a 26-page article on isomeric butyric acids, and based on very slight experimental evidence even by the standards of the time. Hughes concludes that the rule was an inspired guess, unjustified by the evidence of the time, but which turned out later to be correct (in most cases). A more recent assessment, based on a reading of Markovnikov's Magistr Khimii and Doktor Khimii dissertations, contradicts this view, and points out that Markovnikov's Rule arises logically from his dissertations.
Markovnikov also contributed to organic chemistry by finding carbon rings with more than six carbon atoms, a ring with four carbon atoms in 1879, and a ring with seven in 1889.
Markovnikov also showed that butyric and isobutyric acids have the same chemical formula (C4H8O2) but different structures; i.e., they are isomers.
References
External links
1838 births
1904 deaths
Chemists of the Russian Empire
Organic chemists
Russian inventors
Waltenhausen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
The Saipa 111 is a small, entry level hatchback car produced in 2010 by SAIPA in Iran. It is actually a hatchback model of SAIPA 132 modified by SAIPA R&D center.
Specifications
Engine : 4 – cylinder in line, sohc
Engine displacement : 1/3 lit
Max power :63 hp @ 5200 rpm
Gearbox : 5 – speed manual
Fuel tank capacity : 37 lit
Fuel consumption in extra urban : 5/6 lit @ 100 km
Fuel consumption in urban : 6/9 lit @100 km
Long : 3935 mm
Width : 1605mm
Height : 1455 mm
External links
Official website of Saipa Corp
Cars of Iran
Saipa vehicles
Cars introduced in 2010
The ICC Women's T20I Team of the Year is an honour awarded each year by the International Cricket Council. It recognizes the top women's cricket players from around the world in the T20I format of the game. The team does not actually compete, but exists solely as an honorary entity.
List
Winners
Players marked bold won the ICC Women's T20I Cricketer of the Year in that respective year:
Appearances by player
Players marked bold are still active in T20I matches and years marked bold indicate they won the ICC Women's T20I Cricketer of the Year in that respective year:
Appearances by nation
See also
ICC Men's ODI Team of the Year
ICC Women's ODI Team of the Year
ICC Men's T20I Team of the Year
References
External links
Women's cricket competitions
Clayton Colby Richard (born September 12, 1983) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Chicago White Sox, San Diego Padres, Chicago Cubs, and Toronto Blue Jays.
High school
Richard was awarded Indiana's Mr. Football and Mr. Baseball his senior year at McCutcheon High School. He was also his class's valedictorian.
College
Richard accepted a scholarship to play football and baseball at the University of Michigan in the fall of 2003.
Richard was redshirted for the Wolverines football team his first year. In 2004, he battled for the starting quarterback spot on the team but lost it to Chad Henne. Richard was the Wolverine's No. 2 quarterback that season, but he saw limited action, mostly in blowout wins over Miami (Ohio), Indiana, and Northwestern. Richard appeared in four total games for the Wolverines in 2004, only attempting 15 passes for eight completions and 52 total yards.
The following spring, Richard joined the Wolverines baseball team and pitched well. In his one season in Ann Arbor, Richard pitched 21 games, mostly as a reliever and compiled a 0–1 record with a 2.43 ERA, a 1.20 WHIP, and 27 K's in 33.1 IP, good for a 7.29 K/9 innings ratio. The Wolverines were 42–19 that season and finished fourth in the Big 10 with a 17–12 conference record. They were the third seed in the Atlanta Regional of the College Baseball Tournament but were eliminated in the second round of the Regionals, losing both games to South Carolina by one run. After starting his baseball career with moderate success, Richard dropped his football scholarship at Michigan and focused on baseball full-time.
Professional career
Chicago White Sox
The White Sox selected Richard in the eighth round (245th overall) of the 2005 MLB draft. He was the second player from Michigan drafted, the first being Chris Getz, also selected by the Sox in the fourth round. He made his professional debut with the Rookie-level Great Falls White Sox and also played for the Single-A Kannapolis Intimidators in 2005, going 2–2 with a 3.33 ERA in 13 games (11 starts). In 2006, he played for Kannapolis and the High-A Winston-Salem Warthogs, posting a 7–9 record and 3.85 ERA in 22 games (21 starts) between the two teams. He returned to Winston-Salem in 2007, and pitched to an 8–12 record and 3.63 ERA in 28 games (27 starts) with 99 strikeouts in 161.1 innings pitched. In 2008, he played with the Double-A Birmingham Barons and Triple-A Charlotte Knights, and posted a 12–6 record and 2.89 ERA in 20 starts for the two affiliates.
On July 23, 2008, Richard made his major league debut, allowing five runs (four earned) on seven hits in four innings pitched against the Texas Rangers. In 13 appearances (eight starts) for Chicago, Richard struggled to a 2–5 record and 6.04 ERA. In 2009, Richard was initially used out of the bullpen, but was later moved to the starting rotation on May 12, and appeared in 26 games (14 starts) for the White Sox, registering a 4–3 record and 4.65 ERA.
San Diego Padres
On July 31, 2009, Richard was traded along with Aaron Poreda, Adam Russell and Dexter Carter to the San Diego Padres for 2007 Cy Young Award-winner Jake Peavy.
Richard made his first start for the Padres on August 1, 2009, recording no decision in 5 innings at home against the Milwaukee Brewers. Richard compiled a 5–2 record with a 4.08 ERA over 12 starts in his partial season with the Padres.
Richard started 33 games for the Padres in 2010, building a 14–9 record and a 3.75 ERA over 201 innings. On September 21, 2010, Richard threw his first career shutout, giving up eight hits, two walks, and recording six strikeouts in a win against the Los Angeles Dodgers along with a golden sombrero at the plate, striking out four times.
In 2011, Richard regressed slightly, posting a 5–9 record with a 3.88 ERA in 18 starts, while his strikeout-to-walk ratio dropped to 1.39 K/BB from 1.93 K/BB in 2010. A left shoulder strain forced Richard to the disabled list in July and later required arthroscopic surgery, ending his season.
In 2012, Richard resumed his role in the Padres starting rotation. At the end of the season, he was the unanimous pick as the Padres Pitcher of the Year by writers covering the team. He had a 14–14 record with a 3.99 earned run average. His 33 starts were tied for second in the National League (NL) and he was fourth with innings pitched.
On February 16, 2013, Richard and the Padres avoided going to arbitration, both sides agreeing on a $5.24 million deals for one season.
Richard opened 2013 as the Padres number two starter, but had a rough beginning to the season, posting an 8.54 ERA in his first six starts. An intestinal virus forced Richard to push back a start in late April, and he was then placed on the disabled list on May 5 when the virus flared up again. Richard returned on May 27, but continued to struggle. On June 1, Richard pitched two innings in relief to earn his first win of the season in a 17-inning affair against the Blue Jays that the Padres won 4–3. On June 21, Richard injured his left shoulder and left the game after making only two pitches. He underwent shoulder surgery on July 15, ending his 2013 season. He finished with a 2–5 record in 12 games (11 starts) with a 7.01 ERA and 24 strikeouts in 52 innings. On October 28, 2013, he refused an outright assignment and elected free agency.
Richard underwent Thoracic Outlet Syndrome surgery in February 2014.
Arizona Diamondbacks
On July 30, 2014, Richard agreed to a minor league deal with the Arizona Diamondbacks. Richard made three starts for the Double-A Mobile BayBears, posting an 0–2 record and 6.60 ERA, and allowed three runs in 6.1 innings in one start for the Triple-A Reno Aces. He became a free agent after the 2014 season.
Pittsburgh Pirates
On December 3, 2014, Richard signed a minor league deal with an invite to spring training with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Through nine starts for the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians, Richard had a 2.09 ERA in 50 innings of work, also pitching in one game for the High-A Bradenton Marauders.
Chicago Cubs
On July 3, 2015, Richard was traded to the Chicago Cubs for cash. His first start for the Cubs was a 7–2 victory against the Miami Marlins on July 4. After going 1–0 in three appearances (two starts), Richard was outrighted to AAA. After one start in AAA, Richard was called up to start on August 2 against the Milwaukee Brewers. Richard got the victory, pitching six innings of one-run ball, striking out three and walking none. He was designated for assignment a second time a day later. After electing for free agency, Richard re-signed with the club two days later to take a bullpen role when reliever Rafael Soriano developed a sore shoulder. Richard pitched to a 3.38 ERA over 21 innings with two walks and one home run out of the bullpen over the rest of the year, and finished the 2015 season 4–2 with a 3.83 ERA in 23 games (three starts).
In 2016, Richard was used as a situational leftie out of the bullpen until he was placed on the disabled list on June 21 with a blister on his finger. He returned to the bullpen in July but was designated for assignment on July 26 when Aroldis Chapman was added to the roster and then released on August 3. With the Cubs in 2016, Richard was 0–1 with a 6.43 ERA in 14 innings over 25 games. The Cubs went on to win the World Series, and Richard was presented with a World Series ring when he returned to Wrigley Field with the Padres in 2017.
Return to San Diego
On August 6, 2016, the Padres signed Richard to a major league deal. He made his Padres return debut in the San Diego bullpen upon the first week of August. After two appearances out of the bullpen, Richard joined the San Diego rotation and made nine starts over the remainder of the season. With the Padres in 2016, he went 3–3 with a 2.52 ERA over 53 innings with 34 strikeouts. On December 20, Richard signed a one-year contract to stay with the Padres.
Richard was a fixture in the San Diego rotation in 2017, leading the team with 197 innings over his 32 starts, including two complete games. He allowed a league-high 240 hits with a 4.79 ERA, but was third in the Major Leagues with a 59.2% ground ball rate and posted a personal best 6.9 strikeouts per 9 innings. In 2017, he led the major leagues in allowing opposing batters the highest batting average on balls in play (.351). He tied for the major league lead in pickoffs, with seven, while allowing four stolen bases and having 10 caught stealing. Richard was the Padres' nominee for both the Heart & Hustle Award and the Marvin Miller Man of the Year Award. In September, the Padres extended Richard through 2019 with a two-year deal.
On August 28, 2018, he was ruled out for the season after undergoing knee surgery. He ended the season 7–11 with an ERA of 5.33 in 27 starts. In innings, he struck out 108.
On December 20, 2018, Richard was designated for assignment.
Toronto Blue Jays
On December 30, 2018, Richard was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for minor league outfielder Connor Panas.
On March 29, 2019, he was placed on the injured list, with an injury to his right knee. On May 23, he made his season debut against the Boston Red Sox. He pitched four innings, allowing one run on two hits in a no decision. Pitching for Toronto in 2019, he was 1–5 with a 5.96 ERA in 10 starts covering 45.1 innings, and pitching for their AAA affiliate Buffalo he was 0–0 with a 5.06 ERA in two starts covering 5.1 innings. On September 12, 2019, his 36th birthday, the Blue Jays released Richard.
After the season, on October 10, he was selected for the United States national baseball team in the 2019 WBSC Premier 12.
Second Stint with White Sox
On August 3, 2020, Richard signed a minor league deal with the Chicago White Sox organization. He became a free agent on November 2, 2020.
Post-playing career
On May 30, 2021, Richard joined the football coaching staff at Lafayette Jefferson High School as a quarterbacks coach. On July 6, 2021, Richard was announced to be the head coach for baseball at Lafayette Jefferson High School.
Playing style
Richard is a pitch to contact pitcher, inducing groundouts at over a 49% rate through 2012. He also has pitched well at Petco Park, posting an ERA under 3.30 each year from 2010 to 2012.
From 2009 to 2013, Richard's pitching repertoire consisted of a four-seam and a two-seam fastball (90–95 MPH), a changeup, a slider, and an occasional curveball. Since 2011, he has relied more on his two-seam fastball than his four seam, with this he has induced more than a 50% groundball rate each year since 2011.
Personal life
Richard and his wife Ashley reside in Lafayette, Indiana with their two sons and daughter.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American football quarterbacks
Baseball players from Indiana
Birmingham Barons players
Bradenton Marauders players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Charlotte Knights players
Chicago Cubs players
Chicago White Sox players
Great Falls White Sox players
Indianapolis Indians players
Kannapolis Intimidators players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Michigan Wolverines baseball players
Michigan Wolverines football players
Mobile BayBears players
Reno Aces players
San Diego Padres players
Sportspeople from Lafayette, Indiana
Toronto Blue Jays players
Tucson Padres players
United States national baseball team players
Winston-Salem Warthogs players
2019 WBSC Premier12 players
Eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 G (eIF4G) is a protein involved in eukaryotic translation initiation and is a component of the eIF4F cap-binding complex. Orthologs of eIF4G have been studied in multiple species, including humans, yeast, and wheat. However, eIF4G is exclusively found in domain Eukarya, and not in domains Bacteria or Archaea, which do not have capped mRNA. As such, eIF4G structure and function may vary between species, although the human EIF4G1 has been the focus of extensive studies. (Other human paralogs are EIF4G2 and EIF4G3.)
Across species, eIF4G strongly associates with eIF4E, the protein that directly binds the mRNA cap. Together with the RNA helicase protein eIF4A, these form the eIF4F complex.
Within the cell eIF4G is found primarily in the cytoplasm, usually bound to eIF4E; however, it is also found in the nucleus, where its function is unknown. It may have a role in nonsense-mediated decay.
History
eIF4G stands for eukaryotic initiation factor 4 gamma (typically gamma is now replaced by G in the literature). It was initially isolated by fractionation, found present in fraction 4 gamma, and was involved in eukaryotic translation initiation.
Binding partners
eIF4G has been found to associate with many other proteins besides those of the eIF4F complex, including MNK-1, CBP80, CBP20, PABP, and eIF3. eIF4G also directly binds mRNA and has multiple positively charged regions for this function. Several IRESs also bind eIF4G directly, as do BTE CITEs.
In translation initiation
eIF4G is an important scaffold for the eIF4F complex and aids in recruiting the 40S ribosomal subunit to mRNA.
There are three mechanisms that the 40S ribosome can come to recognize the start codon: scanning, internal entry, and shunting. In scanning, the 40S ribosome slides along the RNA until it recognizes a start site (typically an AUG sequence in "good context"). In internal entry, the 40S ribosome does not start from the beginning (5' end) of the mRNA but instead starts from somewhere in the middle. In shunting, after the 40S ribosome starts sliding along the mRNA it "jumps" or skips large sections; the mechanism for this is still unclear. eIF4G is required for most types of initiation, except in special cases such as internal initiation at the HCV IRES or Cripavirus IRES.
eIF4G is an initiation factor involved in the assembly of the 43S and 48S translation initiation complex. This particular initiation factor binds to the PABPI (PolyA binding protein I), which is in turn binds the messenger RNA's poly(A) tail and eIF3, which is bound to the incoming small ribosomal subunit (40S).
In disease
eIF4G has been implicated in breast cancer. It appears in increased levels in certain types of breast cancer and increases production of mRNAs that contain IRESs; these mRNAs produce hypoxia- and stress-related proteins that encourage blood vessel invasion (which is important for tumorigenesis).
Role in aging
Regulation of translation initiation by eIF4G is vital for protein synthesis in developing organisms, for example yeast and nematodes. Deletion of eIF4G is lethal in yeast. In the roundworm C. elegans, knockout of eIF4G leads to animals that cannot develop past the early larval stage (L2) of development. The critical role of eIF4G in development appears to be reversed in adulthood, when eIF4G dysregulation negatively impacts lifespan and increases susceptibility to certain aging-related diseases (see eIF4G in diseases above). Inhibiting eIF4G during adulthood in C. elegans drastically extends lifespan, comparable to the lifespan increase exhibited during dietary restriction. In addition, inhibiting eIF4G reduces overall protein translation, while preferentially translating mRNA of genes important for responding to stress and against those associated with growth and reproduction. Thus eIF4G appears to control differential mRNA translation during periods or growth and stress, which may ultimately lead to age-related decline.
Importance in virology
As previously mentioned, eIF4G is bound by certain IRESs, which were initially discovered in viruses. Some viral IRESs directly bind eIF4G and co-opt it to gain access to the ribosome. Some cellular mRNAs also contain IRESs (including eIF4G itself).
Some viral proteases cleave off part of eIF4G, that contains the eIF4E binding region. This has the effect of preventing most cellular mRNAs from binding eIF4G; however, a few cellular mRNAs with IRESs still translate under these conditions.
One example of an eIF4G binding site in a viral IRES is in the EMCV IRES (nucleotides 746–949).
See also
Eukaryotic initiation factors
Eukaryotic initiation factor 4F (eIF4F)
References
Eukaryote proteins
Smaszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 260.
References
Villages in Sieradz County
Symphony in Two Flats is a 1930 British drama film directed by Gareth Gundrey and starring Ivor Novello, Benita Hume, Jacqueline Logan and Cyril Ritchard. It was an adaptation of a successful 1929 West End play of the same title written by Novello. Separate versions were made for the United Kingdom and United States releases, with Jacqueline Logan replacing Benita Hume in the American version.
It was made at Elstree and Islington Studios. The film's sets were designed by Alex Vetchinsky.
Cast
Ivor Novello as David Kennard
Benita Hume as Lesley Fullerton (UK version)
Jacqueline Logan as Leslie Fullerton (US version)
Cyril Ritchard as Leo Chavasse
Renee Clama as Elsie
Minnie Rayner as Mabel
Maidie Andrews as Miss Trebelly
Clifford Heatherley as Wainwright
Ernest A. Dagnall as Bradfield
Alex Scott-Gatty as Doctor Mortimer
Jack Payne as Himself
References
Bibliography
Wood, Linda. British Films, 1927–1939. British Film Institute, 1986.
External links
1930 films
1930 drama films
Films directed by Gareth Gundrey
British drama films
Islington Studios films
Films shot at British International Pictures Studios
Gainsborough Pictures films
British black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Films set in London
British films based on plays
The discography of the French pop singer Vanessa Paradis consists of seven studio albums—M&J (1988), Variations sur le même t'aime (1990), Vanessa Paradis (1992), Bliss (2000), Divinidylle (2007), Love Songs (2013) and Les sources (2018). Simultaneously, she released four live albums, Live (1994), Au Zénith (2001), Divinidylle Tour (2008) and Une nuit à Versailles (2010). Her discography also features the greatest hits collection entitled Best of Vanessa Paradis (2009) and two soundtracks; namely Atomik Circus (2004) by The Little Rabbits and Un monstre à Paris (2011) recorded with -M-.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Soundtracks
Compilations
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Notes
A Bungalow! album by De la Simone charted at number 155 in France.
References
General
Specific
Discographies of French artists
Pop music discographies
The Ballas Hough Band was an American pop rock fronted by Mark Ballas and Derek Hough, both of whom played lead guitar and sang lead vocals. The band's other members were Sam Marder (bass guitar), Harry Sullivan (drums) and Emily Grace (keyboards, background vocals). The name for the band is a combination of the two lead singers' last names.
They released their self-titled, debut album, BHB, on March 10, 2009, via Hollywood Records. The album debuted and peaked at No. 98 on the U.S. Billboard 200. On November 3, 2009, the group performed for the first time on Dancing with the Stars. They performed their single, "Move", the lead-off single to their planned untitled second studio album.
The band left Hollywood Records in 2010 and, according to a post on their then active MySpace page, switched to Morey Management. While they never officially released a statement on the matter, the band parted ways to focus on their individual careers.
History
Prior to the band's foundation, Derek Hough and sister Julianne performed as professional dancers. They and Mark Ballas competed on the ABC television series Dancing with the Stars. Before joining the roster of professional dancers of Dancing With The Stars, Mark and Derek first met when Derek's parents sent him to live in London with Corky and Shirley Ballas, Mark's parents when he was 12 years old. A few months later, Julianne joined her brother in London and the three of them attended the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts.
The three had previously been members of the musical team 2B1G, whose name stood for "Two Boys, One Girl." After Julianne left this team, Mark and Derek formed another band, which they called Almost Amy, and which also included Sam Marder, Harry Sullivan and Emily Grace. This band was renamed Ballas Hough Band a short while after its members relocated to Los Angeles, California. Although they did not disclose it to their fans, in 2010 the Ballas Hough Band broke up and its members focused on their individual pursuits.
Debut album: BHB (2008-2009)
Ballas Hough Band was signed to Hollywood Records in 2008 and released its debut album, BHB, on March 10, 2009. The album spent one week on the U.S. Billboard 200, peaking at No. 98 on that chart. But its two singles, "Do It for You" and "Do You Love Me," both failed to chart. On June 21, 2009, the band announced on their MySpace page that they would be signing with Morey Management.
Departure from Hollywood: (2009)
The band appeared on the November 3, 2009 episode of Dancing With The Stars results show, on which they performed their new single, "Move." The song was intended to be the lead-off single to a second studio album. However, after the single failed to chart, they parted ways with Hollywood Records in March 2010, and the planned new album was never released. No news of any plans for another new album were available as of August 2017.
Current Pursuits: (2010-present)
Derek Hough has won Dancing with the Stars a record number of six times and received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography twice. Hough starred in the film Make Your Move (film) and played the role of Corny Collins in NBC's TV-production of Hairspray Live!. Hough is currently a judge on the NBC dance competition World of Dance (TV series) as well as Dancing with the Stars, and he recently signed a deal with ABC.
Mark Ballas focused on his solo career following BHB's breakup. Along with winning twice on Dancing with the Stars, Ballas performed in Broadway shows including Jersey Boys and Kinky Boots (musical). Ballas released a solo CD in 2011 (titled HurtLoveBox) and in 2015, he became part of a music duo named Alexander Jean. This duo is producing music today and also includes BC Jean, whom Ballas wed in 2016.
Emily Grace continued to pursue music, touring as a keyboardist and background singer for various artists, such as Demi Lovato, Christina Perri, and Brynn Elliott.
Sam Marder began playing bass guitar for the Irish pop folk band, Keywest, after BHB split. After playing with Keywest for several years, Marder ended up leaving the band.
Harry Sullivan played drums for the band Westar, and in 2012 he joined Marder to play for Keywest. He still plays with the Dublin-based band today, who has gained fame and recognition throughout Ireland and Europe.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
References
Rock music groups from California
Hollywood Records artists
Musical groups established in 2005
Musical groups disestablished in 2010
American pop rock music groups
Tristain may refer to:
Tristain kingdom
Tristán
Kirchsahr is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Geography
Kirchsahr consists of the districts Kirchsahr, Binzenbach, Burgsahr, Hürnig and Winnen. It lies near the state border of Rhineland-Palatinate and North Rhine-Westphalia.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Rick Potter (born March 10, 1938) is a former Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Toronto Argonauts. He won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1958, 1959, 1961 and 1962. He played junior football in Toronto previously.
References
1938 births
Toronto Argonauts players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Living people
Sportspeople from Milwaukee
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Archips baolokia is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish ferruginous, but paler in the tornal fourth of the wing with indistinct cream lines and brown suffusions and spots along the costa. The markings are almost completely atrophied and diffuse. The hindwings are pale brown.
Etymology
This name refers to the type locality in Vietnam, Bao Lok.
References
Archips
Moths described in 2009
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
In mathematics, Euclidean relations are a class of binary relations that formalize "Axiom 1" in Euclid's Elements: "Magnitudes which are equal to the same are equal to each other."
Definition
A binary relation R on a set X is Euclidean (sometimes called right Euclidean) if it satisfies the following: for every a, b, c in X, if a is related to b and c, then b is related to c. To write this in predicate logic:
Dually, a relation R on X is left Euclidean if for every a, b, c in X, if b is related to a and c is related to a, then b is related to c:
Properties
Due to the commutativity of ∧ in the definition's antecedent, aRb ∧ aRc even implies bRc ∧ cRb when R is right Euclidean. Similarly, bRa ∧ cRa implies bRc ∧ cRb when R is left Euclidean.
The property of being Euclidean is different from transitivity. For example, ≤ is transitive, but not right Euclidean, while xRy defined by 0 ≤ x ≤ y + 1 ≤ 2 is not transitive, but right Euclidean on natural numbers.
For symmetric relations, transitivity, right Euclideanness, and left Euclideanness all coincide. However, also a non-symmetric relation can be both transitive and right Euclidean, for example, xRy defined by y=0.
A relation that is both right Euclidean and reflexive is also symmetric and therefore an equivalence relation. Similarly, each left Euclidean and reflexive relation is an equivalence.
The range of a right Euclidean relation is always a subset of its domain. The restriction of a right Euclidean relation to its range is always reflexive, and therefore an equivalence. Similarly, the domain of a left Euclidean relation is a subset of its range, and the restriction of a left Euclidean relation to its domain is an equivalence.
A relation R is both left and right Euclidean, if, and only if, the domain and the range set of R agree, and R is an equivalence relation on that set.
A right Euclidean relation is always quasitransitive, as is a left Euclidean relation.
A connected right Euclidean relation is always transitive; and so is a connected left Euclidean relation.
If X has at least 3 elements, a connected right Euclidean relation R on X cannot be antisymmetric, and neither can a connected left Euclidean relation on X. On the 2-element set X = { 0, 1 }, e.g. the relation xRy defined by y=1 is connected, right Euclidean, and antisymmetric, and xRy defined by x=1 is connected, left Euclidean, and antisymmetric.
A relation R on a set X is right Euclidean if, and only if, the restriction R := Rran(R) is an equivalence and for each x in X\ran(R), all elements to which x is related under R are equivalent under R. Similarly, R on X is left Euclidean if, and only if, R := Rdom(R) is an equivalence and for each x in X\dom(R), all elements that are related to x under R are equivalent under R.
A left Euclidean relation is left-unique if, and only if, it is antisymmetric. Similarly, a right Euclidean relation is right unique if, and only if, it is anti-symmetric.
A left Euclidean and left unique relation is vacuously transitive, and so is a right Euclidean and right unique relation.
A left Euclidean relation is left quasi-reflexive. For left-unique relations, the converse also holds. Dually, each right Euclidean relation is right quasi-reflexive, and each right unique and right quasi-reflexive relation is right Euclidean.
References
Binary relations
Relation
Mount Tarn is a small mountain located on the southernmost part of the Strait of Magellan, in Brunswick Peninsula, about 70 km south of Punta Arenas, Chile. It is in the southern extreme of continental Chile very close to Cape Froward, surrounded by historic places such as Fort Bulnes and Puerto del Hambre (Port Famine).
From the summit it is possible to see the Strait of Magellan, Dawson and Tierra del Fuego islands, and many other smaller ones; the Darwin Mountain Range, Mount Sarmiento, and most of the Brunswick Peninsula.
Toponymy
According to historian Mateo Martinic Beros in his book Cartografía Magallánica 1523-1945, the mount was named after the British surgeon, John Tarn, who first ascended the mountain in February 1827 while traveling with Robert FitzRoy on HMS Adventure and later ascended it while traveling with Phillip Parker King in HMS Beagle), during their surveying voyage from 1826 to 1830.
Tarn participated in a hydrographic survey conducted in the area, through the collection and classification of flora and fauna species.
Darwin's ascent
On 6 February 1834 a group from the second Beagle survey expedition, including Charles Darwin, ascended Mount Tarn by forcing their way up through dense woodland to the bare ridge which took them to the summit. He recounted the story in his Journal and Remarks. In his ascent the young naturalist found the first ammonites ever known in South America.
See also
Magallanes Province
Magallanes Region
Parrillar lagoon
San Juan river
San Isidro lighthouse
Cape Froward.
References
Instituto Geográfico Militar Chart, Chile: Rinconada Bulnes, scale 1:100000, Section L, 1987.
Biogeografía del monte Tarn, Magallanes, Chile. Trabajo final de carrera, ETSIAM, Universidad Politécnica de Valencia. Escuela técnica superior de ingenieros agrónomos. Ingeniería de Montes, especialidad Ingeniería del Medio Natural. Universidad de Magallanes. Facultad de Ciencias. Sergio Navarro Cano y Javier González. 2006
Cartografía Magallánica 1523-1945, Mateo Martinic Beroš, 1999, Punta Arenas, Chile. .
External links
Mount Tarn Description & Route in AndesHandbook (in Spanish)
Tarn ascent in blogger.com (in Spanish)
Photo gallery
Tarn
Tarn
Brunswick Peninsula
WWE 2K20 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports. It was released worldwide on October 22, 2019, for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. It is the twenty-first installment of the WWE series, the seventh under the WWE 2K banner, and the successor to WWE 2K19. 2K20 is the first game in the series not to be developed by Yuke's, which had developed every entry in the series since its inception in 2000. Visual Concepts, who had previously worked with Yuke's as co-developers since 2014, took over as lead studio for the series.
WWE 2K20 received overwhelmingly negative reviews, with critics noting a regression in quality compared to 2K19. The game has since gained notoriety in both the wrestling and gaming communities for its many bugs at launch and other technical issues. In response, 2K would cancel WWE 2K21 and put the series on hiatus for two years. The follow-up title, WWE 2K22, was released on March 11, 2022.
Gameplay
Game modes
WWE 2K20s 2K Showcase mode revolves around the Four Horsewomen of WWE (Bayley, "The Man" Becky Lynch, Charlotte Flair and Sasha Banks). Players take control of different unique models of Bayley, Banks, Lynch, and Flair, in 15 matches. The 2K Towers mode, first introduced in WWE 2K19, made its return to the series. WWE 2K20 features a female MyCareer story alongside its male story, the first for 2K. (Previous THQ games had female stories) The story is set in 2028, where Red and Tre were inducted to the WWE Hall of Fame as members of the Class of 2029, which happened before Wrestlemania 45 in Las Vegas, Nevada (also known in-game as Wrestlemania 2029, as a fictional version of that year's event), 11 years after the end of the WWE 2K19 MyCareer storyline, as in which, the matches follow the perspectives of their career.
The WWE Towers Mode Returned, with one of the towers centered around Roman Reigns, with matches with unique commentary from Extreme Rules in 2013, as a member of The Shield, to Stomping Grounds in 2019.
Release
WWE 2K20 is the first game in the series to be solely developed by Visual Concepts; previous entries were co-developed by Yuke's. Eminem was reported to be curating the soundtrack of the game early in development, but talks with the rapper fell through after the news was leaked before it was made official.
On August 5, 2019, 2K announced WWE 2K20, with a trailer announcing Becky Lynch and Roman Reigns as cover stars. In the trailer, it features various WWE Superstars and Legends attending a party at a huge mansion, before it's interrupted by Lynch crashing through the glass ceiling. Lynch then apologizes to the mansion's owner, who is revealed to be Hulk Hogan. Lynch then turns around to face Reigns, who soon praises her for the scene, before then revealing them as the cover stars and the tagline "Step Inside". This marks the first game in the WWE 2K series to feature a female cover star (most recently, THQ's WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 featured Torrie Wilson on the NTSC cover of the game), and the first game since WWE All Stars to have more than one cover star.
The collector's edition was themed around the 20th anniversary of WWE SmackDown, including a signed card that featured a signed plaque from either Kurt Angle, Edge or Rey Mysterio, and a plaque featuring a piece of the SmackDown 2002–2008 ring mat.
Post-release content
Four expansions were released for the game as downloadable content under the banner "WWE 2K Originals", which include Showcase episodes, arenas, and character skins and accessories based on fantasy settings. All DLC expansions (except for "Bump in the Night") were made available as part of a season pass, while the season pass was bundled with the deluxe and collector's editions of the game. The first, "Bump in the Night" (which was also included as a pre-order bonus), is a horror-themed expansion centered upon Bray Wyatt's "The Fiend" persona, the second expansion "Wasteland Wanderers" is a dystopian-themed expansion centered upon Seth Rollins, the third is based on WWE's digital series Southpaw Regional Wrestling (a parody of local wrestling promotions in the 1980s), and the fourth, "Empire of Tomorrow", carries a futuristic theme and a focus on female characters.
Reception
Following the departure of Yuke's, WWE 2K20 received "unfavorable reviews" on all platforms according to review aggregator Metacritic. Reviewers criticized the physics, graphics, targeting, change in controls and the numerous glitches.
Brian Mazique of Forbes stated that "while a few of the legacy strengths such as the creation suite are still strong, the most important part, the gameplay is in a bad place." For IGN Brian Fowler said the game was a "mess", and that the game's quality had degraded since its predecessor, and many of the character models looked like they had "crawled out of a PS2-era wrestling game." GamesRadar+s Ben Wilson gave the verdict that "WWE 2K20 plays like a work-in-progress demo that's yet to be stress-tested – but there's a decent game somewhere under the hot mess." Writing for GameSpot, Richard Wakeling criticized the MyCareer mode, the new control layout and the numerous technical issues, and declared as the worst of the WWE 2K series, and the moment the series "hit rock bottom".
The game received notable backlash on social media platforms, where the hashtag #FixWWE2K20 began trending. Many players who purchased the collector's edition revealed that their art card was not signed, with Edge and 2K immediately sending the editions back for re-signs. At the start of 2020, the game was rendered almost unplayable due to a "Y2k20" bug.
WWE 2K20 was named among the worst games of 2019 by IGN, Metacritic, Mint and PlayStation Universe. The game was among the nominations for WrestleCrap's Gooker Award for the worst gimmick, storyline, or event in wrestling in 2019, losing to the main event of the Hell in a Cell pay-per-view. The site noted that Hell in a Cell having WWE 2K20 as its presenting sponsor may have foreshadowed the show's quality, remarking that "seeing the Gooker winner being sponsored by the second runner-up for the award is a whole new rancid territory."
Series future
In April 2020, former WWE video games writer Justin Leeper reported that the successor to WWE 2K20, WWE 2K21 had been canceled. The decision was made due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the video game industry and the poor sales and reception for 2K20. Leeper would go on to state that 2K would publish a different WWE game in 2020, while WWE 2K22 will be released in 2021 for current-gen consoles and "probably" PCs. However in 2021, WWE 2K22'''s release was delayed to March 2022.
In April 2020, during WWE's 1st Quarter Earnings Call, WWE Chairman Vince McMahon was asked if 2K21 was canceled, before he then turned the question over to WWE CFO, Frank Riddick, who revealed that the game was canceled. On April 27, 2020, 2K announced the spin-off title WWE 2K Battlegrounds,'' which was released on September 18, 2020, to a mixed reception.
References
External links
2019 video games
2K Sports games
Crossover video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 4 Pro enhanced games
Sports video games with career mode
Take-Two Interactive games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games with AI-versus-AI modes
Windows games
WWE video games
Xbox One games
Video games using Havok
Women in WWE
Professional wrestling games
Panasonic Lumix DMC-LS5 is a digital camera by Panasonic Lumix. The highest-resolution pictures it records is 14.1 megapixels, through its 26mm Ultra Wide-Angle.
Property
HD Movie Recording: 1,280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps
Continuous shooting mode: full-resolution image, 0.8 frames/sec
References
External links
DMC-LS5K on shop.panasonic.com
Panasonic Lumix DMC-LS5 digital camera
Bridge digital cameras
LS5
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1654.
Events
July – Lady Dorothy Osborne plays the leading role in a country-house staging of Sir William Berkeley's tragicomedy The Lost Lady. While the London theatres remain closed, amateur theatricals continue at private houses in England. Like performances of courtly masques before 1642, many of these performances feature women, foreshadowing the acceptance of professional women performers in the early Restoration era.
New books
Prose
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – Parlhenissa, a novel
Martino Martini – De Bello Tartarico Historia
John Milton – Defensio Secunda
Richard Sherlock – The Quaker's Wilde Questions objected against the Ministers of the Gospel.
Drama
Anonymous – Alphonsus Emperor of Germany published (wrongly attributed to George Chapman)
Alexander Brome – The Cunning Lovers
Richard Flecknoe – Love's Dominion
Henry Glapthorne (?) – Revenge for Honour published (wrongly attributed to George Chapman)
James Howell – The Nuptials of Peleus and Thetis (published)
Thomas Jordan – Cupid His Coronation
Thomas May – Two Tragedies, viz. Cleopatra and Agrippina (published)
Robert Mead – The Combat of Love and Friendship (published)
John Webster (and Thomas Heywood?) – Appius and Virginia (published)
Álvaro Cubillo de Aragón
El invisible príncipe del Baúl
Las muñecas de Marcela
El señor de Noches Buenas
Agustín Moreto
De fuera vendrá quien de casa te echará
El desdén, con el desdén (first published)
Cyrano de Bergerac – Le Pédant joué ("The Pedant Tricked")
Philippe Quinault – L'Amant indiscret
Joost van den Vondel – Lucifer
Poetry
Thomas Washbourne – Divine Poems
Births
January 10 – Joshua Barnes, English scholar and fiction writer (died 1712)
January 22 – Richard Blackmore, English poet and physician (died 1729)
March – Anne Lefèvre (Madame Dacier), French scholar and translator (died 1720)
March 16 – Andreas Acoluthus, German Orientalist (died 1704)
June 24 – Thomas Fuller, English writer and physician (died 1734)
Unknown dates
John Bellers, English writer and Quaker (died 1725)
Gerrit van Spaan, Dutch writer (died 1711)
Deaths
February 18 – Jean-Louis Guez de Balzac, French essayist (born 1697)
February 19 – Edmund Chilmead, English writer and translator (born 1610)
April 5 – Jacobus Trigland, Dutch theologian (born 1583)
October – John Bastwick, English physician and controversialist (born 1593)
November 30
William Habington, English poet (born 1605)
John Selden, English polymath (born 1584)
December – Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Ancram, Scottish nobleman and writer (born c. 1578)
Unknown dates
Walter Blith, English writer on husbandry (born 1605)
Edward Misselden, English mercantilist writer (born 1608)
Alexander Ross, Scottish controversialist (born c. 1590)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
George Kendall is the name of:
David George Kendall, British statistician noted for Second World War rocket research
George H. Kendall, president of the New York banknote Company
George Washington Kendall (aka George Kennedy), Canadian sports promoter
George Wilkins Kendall (1809–1867), American war correspondent and sheep rancher; Kendall County, Texas is named for him
George Kendall (Jamestown council member)
George Kendall (theologian) (1610–1663), of Cofton, Devon
See also
Sir Maurice George Kendall, British statistician
Henry George Kendall, English sea captain
George Kendall Sharp, American lawyer and federal judge
The Busenbach–Ittersbach railway is a line in the northern Black Forest in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The mostly single-track and continuously electrified line branches in Waldbronn-Busenbach from the Alb Valley Railway ()—with which it is closely linked operationally and historically—and runs as a branch line to Ittersbach. The Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (Alb Valley Transport Company, AVG) is responsible for the railway infrastructure and is the only company operating on the 14.4 kilometre-long line. Originally the Busenbach–Ittersbach railway was operated together with the Ittersbach to Pforzheim line, which later became the Pforzheim Light Railway (Pforzheimer Kleinbahn). The whole line from Busenbach to Pforzheim was initially built to , later the section from Busenbach to Ittersbach was rebuilt to and the Pforzheim Light Railway was closed. The line has been operated as part of line S 11 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn since 1994.
History
The opening of the Alb Valley Railway from Karlsruhe to Busenbach on 14 May 1898 was followed by the opening of the Busenbach–Ittersbach section on 10 April 1899. These lines were originally metre gauge. The extension to Brötzingen, then a suburb of Pforzheim, followed on 2 January 1900. The line was initially operated with steam locomotives.
In 1898, the Busenbach–Ittersbach and the Alb Valley lines were taken over by the Badische Lokal-Eisenbahnen Aktiengesellschaft (Baden Local Railway Company, BLEAG), a newly formed subsidiary of the Westdeutsche Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft (West German Railway Company, WeEG).
In 1911, the line from Busenbach to Ittersbach was electrified with single-phase AC at 8,000 volts 25 Hz (later increased to 8,800 volts). Technical problems and a lack of thermal coal forced the BLEAG in 1917 to abandon electrical service on the branch line from Busenbach and later to remove the overhead wiring.
During the Great Depression, the BLEAG came under pressure and therefore it abandoned the unprofitable operations between Busenbach and Ittersbach in early 1931. The remaining section to Pforzheim, however, was sold to the town of Pforzheim, which then operated it as the Pforzheim Light Railway.
Only after the take over of the BLEAG by The German Railway Operating Company (Deutsche Eisenbahn-Betriebs-Gesellschaft), DEBG) in 1932 were operations between Busenbach and Ittersbach resumed. The line was electrified again by 1936.
On 1 April 1957, the AVG finally took over the line. Unlike the neighbouring Alb Valley Railway, the line to Ittersbach by AVG was not upgraded for full operations, but instead it was temporarily closed down on 14 November 1964. It was not until almost two years later, on 30 June 1966, that the section to Langensteinbach Süd was reopened with standard gauge and electrified at 750 Volt DC.
The following section to Ittersbach remained closed due to low demand. It was not until the municipality of Karlsbad was founded in 1971 that it was decided to reconstruct the Langensteinbach–Ittersbach section. This section was reopened on 16 October 1975. The new line left its original route to improve the connection to Spielbergof. So in 1975, operations ended on the Langensteinbach station–Langensteinbach Süd section, which had been reopened in 1966. The new line also runs closer to the centre in Ittersbach than the route used by the metre gauge line.
In 1979, the Busenbach–Reichenbach section was realigned and shortened. In 2011, a short double track section was also built between Langensteinbach and the newly created station of Schießhüttenäcker.
Operations
The Ittersbach line has been served during the daytime every 30 minutes by line S 11 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn since 1994. Previously the service on both the line to Bad Herrenalber and to Ittersbach had been called line A. The trains to and from Ittersbach run over the Alb Valley Railway and continue through Karlsruhe and usually end on the Hardt Railway (Hardtbahn). In the peak hour additional express services are run. No freight traffic operates on the line.
The platform height at most stations is 38 centimetres. Turning loops at Langensteinbach St. Barbara and Ittersbach Rathaus enable trains to be reversed. The whole line is operated under the regulations for operations applying to non-federally owned railways (Fahrdienstvorschriften Nichtbundeseigenen Eisenbahnen, FV-NE). There is a depot in Ittersbach.
Notes
References
External links
Railway lines in Baden-Württemberg
Metre gauge railways in Germany
Standard gauge railways in Germany
Railway lines opened in 1898
1898 establishments in Germany
Railway lines in the Black Forest
Karlsruhe Stadtbahn
The Cold Crush Brothers are an American hip hop group that formed in 1978 in the Bronx, New York City. They were especially known for their memorable routines which included harmonies, melodies and stage-stomping performances. The Cold Crush Brothers still perform across the United States.
History
Formation and early years (1978–1981)
The Cold Crush brothers formed as a group in 1978. DJ Tony Tone was originally a member of The Brothers Disco featuring DJ Breakout, DJ Baron and the original Funky Four emcees featuring the first female emcee Sha-Rock, KK Rockwell, Keith Keith and Rahiem (who later joined Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five). DJ Charlie Chase was first the DJ for the Furious Five for a very short time in 1979 after the Furious Five and Grandmaster Flash had disputes and Flash disbanded from the Furious Five. Then in 1978 DJ Tony Tone joined forces with DJ Charlie Chase and Easy AD left his partner Donald D (of Ice-T's group Rhyme Syndicate)and they disbanded breaking up the duo they called The Asalaam Brothers and joined the Cold Crush Brothers.
The original lineup consisted of the founder, The Original DJ Tony Tone, Supreme Easy A.D., DJ Charlie Chase, Whipper Whip, Mr. Tee, and Dot-A-Rock. Eventually, Whipper Whip and Dot-A-Rock would leave the Cold Crush Brothers and join DJ Grandwizard Theodore & the Fantastic Five, which they considered to be a more established group at the time. The Fantastic Five was originally the "L" Brothers, which consisted of DJ Mean Gene, DJ Cordio, DJ Grand Wizard Theodore, MC Smiley, Master Rob, the Original Kevie Kev and sometimes Busy Bee Starski. Mr Tee also left Cold Crush and Tony Tone, Easy A.D. and Charlie Chase brought in Grandmaster Caz (formerly DJ Casanova Fly), Almighty Kay Gee and J.D.L. to fill the vacancy's in the line up. Money Ray would be added to the group in the late '80s.
The Cold Crush Brothers became involved in one of hip hop's most historic moments when Joey Robinson, son of Sugar Hill Records founder Sylvia Robinson, happened to hear Big Bank Hank, a part-time club bouncer and former manager of Grandmaster Caz, rapping to a Cold Crush Brothers tape while working at a pizzeria in New Jersey. Robinson informed Hank that he was forming a group called the Sugar Hill Gang and asked if Hank would like to join. Hank accepted, although he was not an MC. Hank then took Grandmaster Caz's rhymes and used them as his own with no agreement from Caz. Caz's lyrics landed in a song by the Sugar Hill Gang called "Rapper's Delight". The song became a huge hit in 1979 and was the first hip hop single to land on the Top 40 charts. Caz never received any credit or compensation for the rhymes that he contributed.
Because of the attention they began to attract, many groups would try to battle them to gain street credibility and for Hip Hop supremacy. This would lead to a fierce and well known rivalry with The Fantastic Five, culminating in a lyrical battle between the groups on July 3, 1981. The grand prize was $1000 cash. The Fantastic Romantic (as they later came to be known due to popularity with female audiences) Five won the battle but, as said by Grandmaster Caz, the Cold Crush Brothers "won the war". After tapes of their battle began to circulate in the street, the people clearly thought that the Cold Crush Brothers won the battle. This established the Cold Crush Brothers as one of the strongest underground Hip Hop crews of all time.
Wild Style and mainstream success (1982–1984)
The Cold Crush Brothers toured all five boroughs of New York City and as far as Boston before commercially releasing records. Their popularity was strengthened by the sales of their live performances that were recorded on cassette by Tape Master (Elvis Moreno). The Cold Crush Brothers live performances/shows were taped and distributed worldwide via word-of-mouth promotion and mailed out to people everywhere including men and women serving in the armed forces around the world. The Cold Crush Brothers were featured in the 1982 movie Wild Style, the seminal work depicting Hip Hop Culture. In the movie, the Cold Crush Brothers featured in a number of scenes, the most notable being the Cold Crush Brothers' face off against their nemesis, the Fantastic Five in the classic basketball court scene. The other scene was the Battle at the Dixie Club where the brothers flex their emceeing / rap muscle, once again showing their prowess in the hip hop/rap genre. A year after the movie was released, the Cold Crush Brothers took hip hop abroad with tour dates in Japan and Europe.
The Cold Crush Brothers began to release records commercially. The first single was "Weekend" on Elite Records and was released in the fall of 1982. It was a party and dance record that related to everyday working people and what families go through Monday–Friday. The Cold Crush four MCs would say in harmony the days of the week and then each one would take one day describe that weekday and what could happen; "Monday the train was late you hardly eat and you wished you stay in bed", the recording described ways to have fun on the weekends.
Another memorable moment of contribution of The Cold Crush Brothers was that they started the earliest foreign markets. The Cold Crush Brothers took 25 MCs, DJs, breakers, and bombers to Tokyo, Japan in 1983. This was one of the earliest foreign markets for hip hop other than La Belle, France. Although they had linguistic and cultural barriers, the Wild Style tour was a big success. Right after this, the Cold Crush Brothers were able to gain a CBS records, through the Tuff City Label. They were the first crew to do so, this was the first time in hip hop History that an independent hip hop record label and a major record company like CBS worked together.
Their second single, released in the fall of 1983, was "Punk Rock Rap" on Epic Records licensed by UK CBS Associated records overseas and in the United States on Tuff City Records and distributed by CBS Records. "Punk Rock Rap" was the first hip hop recording to fuse hip hop and rock and break the color barrier in hip hop. The recording introduced the sound of hip hop and rock to white youth in America and around the world. The Cold Crush Brothers Punk Rock Rap was so widely popular that at the time, up and coming hip hop artist Doug E. Fresh sampled the phrase, "Oh My God!" for his now classic hip hop classic single, The Show, released in 1985.
The Cold Crush Brothers most successful Cold Crush single to date is "Fresh, Wild, Fly & Bold", released in 1984, which sold 16,000 units in its first week of release; a big deal in the early '80s. A distribution dispute between Tuff City Records and Profile Records hindered the sales of the single with the most potential of reaching gold status.
In the spirit of spreading Hip Hop culture globally The Cold Crush Brothers were early and integral members of the worldwide Hip Hop organization called Ill Crew Universal.
Legacy
Rapper Jay-Z's 2001 single "Izzo (H.O.V.A.)" uses the Cold Crush Brothers as an example of the music industry's exploitation of artists: "Industry shady; it needs to be taken over / Label owners hate me; I'm raisin' the status quo up / I'm overchargin' niggaz for what they did to the Cold Crush / Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoe'd us."
Money Ray died on October 3, 2002.
In 2008, "At the Dixie" from Wild Style was ranked at number 77 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop.
On September 24, 2016, DJ Tony Crush, of the Cold Crush Brothers, was inducted into the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture. September 24, 2016 was the day the museum opened.
References
External links
Discography
RedefineHipHop: Cold Crush Brothers (Recorded Material Part 1 of 2)!! - (Part 2 of 2)
1978 establishments in New York City
Hip hop groups from New York City
Musical groups established in 1978
Musical groups from the Bronx
Grega Bole (born 13 August 1985 in Jesenice, Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian professional road bicycle racer, who most recently rode for UCI WorldTeam . His biggest victory is the 2011 GP Ouest–France, where he launched a solo attack with to go. He held on as the field was closing in rapidly, with only Simon Gerrans who was second on the day being awarded the same time as Bole. In 2015, Bole was the victor of the first stage of the inaugural Tour of Croatia after negotiating a series of bends where two crashes occurred.
Major results
2003
1st Overall Tour of Croatia Juniors
1st Stages 2 & 3
7th Road race, UCI Junior Road World Championships
2005
2nd Trofeo Banca Popolare di Vicenza
10th Overall Okolo Slovenska
2006
National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Road race
3rd Time trial
5th Overall Istrian Spring Trophy
5th Overall Giro delle Regioni
5th GP Kranj
8th Gran Premio della Liberazione
9th Overall The Paths of King Nikola
1st Stage 1
9th Overall Okolo Slovenska
1st Stage 2
2007
1st Liège–Bastogne–Liège Espoirs
Giro del Friuli-Venezia Giulia
1st Points classification
1st Stage 1
Giro delle Regioni
1st Points classification
1st Stage 2
2nd Overall Istrian Spring Trophy
1st Stage 1
2nd Trofeo Banca Popolare di Vicenza
2nd Poreč Trophy
10th Time trial, UEC European Under-23 Road Championships
2008
1st GP Kranj
2nd Overall Giro della Provincia di Grosseto
7th Overall Tour of Slovenia
7th Giro d'Oro
2009
1st Gran Premio Nobili Rubinetterie
1st Stage 3a Vuelta a Asturias
2nd Overall Tour of Hainan
1st Stage 7
2nd Giro del Friuli
3rd Ronde van Drenthe
3rd Prague–Karlovy Vary–Prague
5th GP Kranj
6th Overall Giro di Sardegna
8th Overall Giro della Provincia di Grosseto
9th Vuelta a La Rioja
2010
1st Stage 1 Critérium du Dauphiné
2nd Overall Tour de Pologne
9th Overall Tour of Slovenia
1st Stages 1 & 2
2011
1st Road race, National Road Championships
1st GP Ouest–France
6th Giro del Friuli
9th Vattenfall Cyclassics
2013
1st Stage 2 Tour de l'Ain
3rd Roma Maxima
2014
Tour of Qinghai Lake
1st Stages 6 & 10
Tour de Korea
1st Sprints classification
1st Stage 1
1st Stage 1 Szlakiem Grodów Piastowskich
2nd Overall Circuit des Ardennes
1st Points classification
1st Stage 3
2nd Overall Tour of Japan
1st Points classification
2nd Giro dell'Appennino
2nd Coppa Ugo Agostoni
2nd Memorial Marco Pantani
3rd Japan Cup
2015
4th GP Ouest–France
5th Gran Premio Nobili Rubinetterie
5th Memorial Marco Pantani
7th Overall Dubai Tour
7th Trofeo Serra de Tramuntana
8th Clásica de Almería
10th Overall Tour of Croatia
1st Stage 1
2016
1st Overall Tour de Korea
1st Gran Premio della Costa Etruschi
3rd Trofeo Laigueglia
5th Coppa Ugo Agostoni
2017
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
2018
1st Mountains classification Tour of Turkey
5th Overall Tour of Japan
1st Points classification
1st Stages 3 & 7
6th Eschborn–Frankfurt
2019
10th Eschborn–Frankfurt
2022
1st Overall Tour of Sharjah
1st Points classification
1st Stage 3
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
Notes
References
External links
Grega Bole's profile on Cycling Base
1985 births
Living people
Slovenian male cyclists
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Slovenia
Sportspeople from Jesenice, Jesenice
Continuing mandamus or structural interdict or structural injunction is a relief given by a court of law through a series of ongoing orders over a long period of time, directing an authority to do its duty or fulfill an obligation in general public interest, as and when a need arises over the duration a case lies with the court, with the court choosing not to dispose the case off in finality. This happens in a situation which cannot be remedied instantaneously but requires a solution over a long time, at times going on for years. With this procedural innovation of the writ of mandamus or a mandatory order, the court monitors compliance of its orders, seeking periodic reports from authorities on the progress in implementing them.
It may enlist senior advocates to assist it as amicus curiae in court, or as court commissioners in the field, and subject experts or expert bodies to report back to it on the facts and ground-realities of the case. It may appoint a court committee or a court commission, independent from the executive, as its oversight or monitoring agency. It may require the subject-matter covered by the case, be taught in schools and universities, making it part of textbooks and syllabi, or be given wide publicity through the media. It may use contempt against people in positions of power or authority as a remedy in case of non-compliance or poor implementation of its orders. It may recommend that the legislature frame a policy in the matter, for the future.
India
The doctrine of continuing mandamus, first propounded in a case in the late 1970s, has been discussed and dealt with in the respective cases of Vineet Narain v. Union of India and Bandhua Mukti Morcha v. Union of India & Ors. It
has been applied to cleaning the air around the Taj Mahal and the waters of the Ganga, and to mitigate travel conditions in commuter trains and road surface, traffic & vehicle conditions, in cities. As it essentially seeks to directly control the bureaucracy, bypassing the political regime, it has met with both, gradual success and stiff resistance, in India.
If a case, prima facie, cannot be made out against an accused in a charge sheet, it is to be closed and quickly submitted to the court.
The courts are not concerned with the accusations on merit, in such cases, but merely whether the agencies have investigated them expeditiously, and to their logical conclusion.
Philippines
The Manila Bay Case led to the formal placement of the procedural innovation of continuing mandamus in statute books in the Philippines, where it is being resorted to by litigants in other cases.
South Africa
The Constitutional Court of South Africa in 2002, recognised the need for structural interdicts in their supervisory jurisdiction, where declaratory orders go unheeded. This need should be coupled with a meaningful engagement of all the parties to the litigation in securing socio-economic rights.
Canada
Courts would give time to authorities for compliance, by suspending or delaying declarations of invalidity. In 2003, the Supreme Court of Canada in Doucet-Boudreau v Nova Scotia (Minister of Education) held that, in constitutional cases a court could keep the final outcome in a case pending in a post-judgment supervisory jurisdiction, and would not become functus officio.
United States
Structural injunction, formulated possibly first by American courts, has been applied to try remedy schools, prisons, environmental cleanup and traditional rights of indigenous people.
Notes
Law of India
Writs
The Church of St John the Baptist, Saint-Jean-de-Luz (; ) is a Roman Catholic church in the commune of Saint-Jean-de-Luz, in the French department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques.
Louis XIV was married in the church in 1660.
The church is known for its monumental altarpiece, in carved gilded wood, that occupies the entire height of the back wall of the apse, and the two wings that flank it.
The church has been a Monument historique since 1931.
Gallery
References
Further reading
François-Xavier Châtelier et SLC: Le guide de l'église Saint-Jean-Baptiste - Saint-Jean-de-Luz, June 2008
Jacques Ospital: Donibaneko Eliza. L'église de Saint-Jean-de-Luz. Histoires d'une église du Pays basque, June 2008
Marie-Claire Elissalt: L'église de Saint-Jean-de-Luz – Donibane Lohitzuneko Eliza, 2006
Charles Martin Ochoa de Alda: Saint-Jean-de-Luz- Église Saint-Jean-Baptiste, Imprimerie Alinea Saint-Jean-de-Luz, 1992
Pierre Dop: L'église de Saint-Jean-de-Luz, Imprimerie du Courrier de Bayonne, 1932
Monuments historiques of Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Roman Catholic churches in France
Suziann Reid (born January 14, 1977) is an American-Jamaican former track and field sprinter who specialized in the 400-meter dash. She set a personal record of 50.74 seconds for the distance in 1999. She was a silver medalist with the American women's 4 × 400-meter relay team at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics. She was part of the World Championship team twice more, in 2001 and 2005, and helped the United States to silver at the 2002 IAAF World Cup and gold at the 2001 Goodwill Games.
Reid competed collegiately for the Texas Longhorns and won three outdoor NCAA titles in the 400 m and two indoor NCAA titles. She also won four back-to-back NCAA outdoor titles in the 4 × 400 m relay. After her track career she became a writer and released Dark Secrets: Choosing Your Child's Sports Coach in 2013.
Career
Early life and college
Born in Kingston, Jamaica with dual American citizenship, she moved the United States at age eleven and began attending Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Maryland. Her mother had been a track and field athlete in her youth. Reid took up cross-country running at high school at age 14 and the coach suggested she try out for the indoor track team. It was a highly successful transition as she won a 400-meter dash and 800-meter run double at the Maryland state high school championship in 1992 then went on to take three consecutive sprint sweeps in the 100-meter dash, 200-meter dash and 400-meter dash from 1993 to 1995. At national level, she won 400 m at the National Scholastic Indoor Championships in 1994 and 1995. By the time she finished her high school career she had the best of 52.77 seconds for the 400 m.
Reid gained a sports scholarship to attend The University of Texas at Austin and began competing for their Texas Longhorns collegiate track team. In her first major competition she took third individually and in the 4 × 400-meter relay at the 1996 NCAA Women's Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships. Success followed at the NCAA Outdoor Championships where she was 400 m champion and helped set a collegiate record of 3:27.50 minutes to win the relay. Having gained eligibility to represent the United States, she won the American junior title in 400 m and won the silver medal behind Andrea Burlacu at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics.
At the 1997 NCAA Indoors she was off the podium in the 400 m but improved to runner-up in the relay. She achieved a personal record of 50.95 seconds in the NCAA Outdoor Championships final, edged out by LaTarsha Stroman. She retained the relay title for the Texas Longhorns that year. In her last two years of college competition she went undefeated with back-to-back wins in the 400 m indoors and outdoors at the NCAA meet. She also helped the Longhorns to four straight NCAA 4 × 400 m relay titles from 1996 to 1999.
For her collegiate career, she was given the Honda Broderick Award (now the Honda Sports Award) as the female track and field athlete of the year in 1999.
Professional career
Reid was a frequent competitor for the United States in 4 × 400-meter relay team and her first medal with them came at the 1999 Summer Universiade, where she anchored a team of Yolanda Brown-Moore, Yulanda Nelson and Mikele Barber to the gold medals. She was the 400 m runner-up at the 1999 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships to Maicel Malone and as result gained an individual and relay spot on the team for the 1999 World Championships in Athletics She was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 400 m, but won a silver medal leading off the relay team including Michelle Collins and Jearl Miles Clark, which finished behind Russia. Reid's career best run of 50.74 seconds that year ranked her third in the United States.
In the 2000 track season she won her first national title at the USA Indoor Track and Field Championships, bringing an end to Jearl Miles Clark's three-year streak. She failed to make the Olympic team after missing the final at the 2000 United States Olympic Trials. She repeated as the USA Indoor champion and ran at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships, though an injury during her run in the final saw her finish a distant sixth. With a fifth-place finish at the 2001 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships she made the United States relay team. Reid did not another medal at the 2001 World Championships in Athletics as she dropped the baton on the final exchange and the team of Miles-Clark, Monique Hennagan and Collins ended in fourth as a result. Redemption came at the 2001 Goodwill Games, where she anchored the same team to a gold medal in 3:24.63 minutes.
In the last few years of her career, Reid remained a finalist at national level and made two last international appearances in the relay. A team of Collins, Crystal Cox, Reid and Hennagan claimed the silver medals behind the Americas team at the 2002 IAAF World Cup. At the 2005 World Championships in Athletics, Reid led off the American women, but a line violation in the heats stage saw them disqualified. She retired after that competition.
She is the author of the book Dark Secrets.
https://suziannreid.com/
In 2014, she married International and Constitutional Law Attorney Johnny B. Davis.
Personal records
Outdoor
100 metres – 11.70 (2001)
200 metres – 23.15 (1999)
400 metres – 50.74 (1999)
800 metres – 2:23.80 (1998)
4 × 400 metres relay – 3:22.09 (1999)
Indoor
60 metres – 7.41 (1999)
200 metres – 23.13 (1999)
400 metres – 51.68 (1999)
All information from All-Athletics profile.
International competitions
National titles
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships
400 m: 2000, 2001
NCAA Women's Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships
400 m: 1996, 1998, 1999
4 × 400 m relay: 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999
NCAA Women's Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships
400 m: 1998, 1999
See also
List of World Championships in Athletics medalists (women)
References
External links
Living people
1977 births
Sportspeople from Kingston, Jamaica
American female sprinters
Jamaican female sprinters
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
World Athletics Championships medalists
Texas Longhorns women's track and field athletes
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
American women sportswriters
American sportswriters
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Goodwill Games medalists in athletics
American women non-fiction writers
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1999 Summer Universiade
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
Goodwill Games gold medalists in athletics
In 6th-century Christianity, Roman Emperor Justinian launched a military campaign in Constantinople to reclaim the western provinces from the Germans, starting with North Africa and proceeding to Italy. Though he was temporarily successful in recapturing much of the western Mediterranean he destroyed the urban centers and permanently ruined the economies in much of the West. Rome and other cities were abandoned. In the coming centuries the Western Church, as virtually the only surviving Roman institution in the West, became the only remaining link to Greek culture and civilization.
In the East, Roman imperial rule continued through the period historians now call the Byzantine Empire. Even in the West, where imperial political control gradually declined, distinctly Roman culture continued long afterwards; thus historians today prefer to speak of a "transformation of the Roman world" rather than a "Fall of Rome." The advent of the Early Middle Ages was a gradual and often localised process whereby, in the West, rural areas became power centres whilst urban areas declined. Although the greater number of Christians remained in the East, the developments in the West would set the stage for major developments in the Christian world during the later Middle Ages.
Second Council of Constantinople
Prior to the Second Council of Constantinople was a prolonged controversy over the treatment of three subjects, all considered sympathetic to Nestorianism, the heresy that there are two separate persons in the Incarnation of Christ. Emperor Justinian condemned the Three Chapters, hoping to appeal to monophysite Christians with his anti-Nestorian zeal. Monophysites believe that in the Incarnate Christ there is one nature, not two. Eastern patriarchs supported the emperor, but in the West his interference was resented, and Pope Vigilius resisted his edict on the grounds that it opposed the Chalcedonian decrees. Justinian's policy was in fact an attack on Antiochene theology and the decisions of Chalcedon. The pope assented and condemned the Three Chapters, but protests in the West caused him to retract his condemnation. The emperor called the Second Council of Constantinople to resolve the controversy.
The council met in Constantinople in 553, and it has since become recognized as the fifth of the
first seven Ecumenical Councils. The council condemned certain Nestorian writings and authors. This move was instigated by Emperor Justinian in an effort to conciliate the monophysite Christians, it was opposed in the West, and the popes' acceptance of the council caused a major schism.
The council interpreted the decrees of Chalcedon and further explained the relationship of the two natures of Jesus; it also condemned the teachings of Origen on the pre-existence of the soul, and Apocatastasis.
The council, attended mostly by Eastern bishops, condemned the Three Chapters and, indirectly, the Pope Vigilius. It also affirmed the East's intention to remain in communion with Rome.
Vigilius declared his submission to the council, as did his successor, Pelagius I. The council was not immediately recognized as ecumenical in the West, and the churches of Milan and Aquileia even broke off communion with Rome over this issue. The schism was not repaired until the late 6th century for Milan and the late 7th century for Aquileia.
Eastern Church
In the 530s the second Church of the Holy Wisdom (Hagia Sophia) was built in Constantinople under Justinian. The first church was destroyed during the Nika riots. The second Hagia Sophia became the center of the ecclesiastical community for the rulers of the Roman Empire or, as it is now called, the Byzantine Empire.
Western theology before the Carolingian Empire
When the Western Roman Empire fragmented under the impact of various 'barbarian' invasions, the Empire-wide intellectual culture that had underpinned late Patristic theology had its interconnections cut. Theology tended to become more localised, more diverse, more fragmented. The classic Christianity preserved in Italy by men like Boethius and Cassiodorus was different from the vigorous Frankish Christianity documented by Gregory of Tours, which was different from the Christianity that flourished in Ireland and Northumbria. Throughout this period, theology tended to be a more monastic affair, flourishing in monastic havens where the conditions and resources for theological learning could be maintained.
Important writers include:
Caesarius of Arles (c.468-542)
Boethius (480-524)
Cassiodorus (c.480-c.585)
Pope Gregory I (c.540-604)
Gregory the Great
Saint Gregory I the Great was pope from September 3, 590 until his death. He is also known as Gregorius Dialogus (Gregory the Dialogist) in Eastern Orthodoxy because of the Dialogues he wrote. He was the first of the popes from a monastic background. Gregory is a Doctor of the Church and one of the four great Latin Fathers of the Church. Of all popes, Gregory I had the most influence on the early medieval church.
Monasticism
Benedict
Benedict of Nursia is the most influential of Western monks. He was educated in Rome but soon sought the life of a hermit in a cave at Subiaco, outside the city. He then attracted followers with whom he founded the monastery of Monte Cassino around 520, between Rome and Naples. In 530, he wrote his Rule of St Benedict as a practical guide for monastic community life. Its message spread to monasteries throughout Europe. Monasteries became major conduits of civilization, preserving craft and artistic skills while maintaining intellectual culture within their schools, scriptoria and libraries. They functioned as agricultural, economic and production centers as well as a focus for spiritual life.
During this period the Visigoths and Lombards moved away from Arianism for Nicene Christianity. Pope Gregory I played a notable role in these conversions and dramatically reformed the ecclesiastical structures and administration which then launched renewed missionary efforts.
Little is known about the origins of the first important monastic rule (Regula) in Western Europe, the anonymous Rule of the Master (Regula magistri), which was written somewhere south of Rome around 500. The rule adds legalistic elements not found in earlier rules, defining the activities of the monastery, its officers, and their responsibilities in great detail.
Ireland
Irish monasticism maintained the model of a monastic community while, like John Cassian, marking the contemplative life of the hermit as the highest form of monasticism. Saints' lives frequently tell of monks (and abbots) departing some distance from the monastery to live in isolation from the community.
Irish monastic rules specify a stern life of prayer and discipline in which prayer, poverty, and obedience are the central themes. Yet Irish monks did not fear pagan learning. Irish monks needed to learn Latin, which was the language of the Church. Thus they read Latin texts, both spiritual and secular. By the end of the 7th century, Irish monastic schools were attracting students from England and from Europe. Irish monasticism spread widely, first to Scotland and Northern England, then to Gaul and Italy. Columba and his followers established monasteries at Bangor, on the northeastern coast of Ireland, at Iona, an island north-west of Scotland, and at Lindisfarne, which was founded by Aidan, an Irish monk from Iona, at the request of King Oswald of Northumbria.
Columbanus, an abbot from a Leinster noble family, traveled to Gaul in the late 6th century with twelve companions. Columbanus and his followers spread the Irish model of monastic institutions established by noble families to the continent. A whole series of new rural monastic foundations on great rural estates under Irish influence sprang up, starting with Columbanus's foundations of Fontaines and Luxeuil, sponsored by the Frankish King Childebert II. After Childebert's death Columbanus traveled east to Metz, where Theudebert II allowed him to establish a new monastery among the semi-pagan Alemanni in what is now Switzerland. One of Columbanus' followers founded the monastery of St. Gall on the shores of Lake Constance, while Columbanus continued onward across the Alps to the kingdom of the Lombards in Italy. There King Agilulf and his wife Theodolinda granted Columbanus land in the mountains between Genoa and Milan, where he established the monastery of Bobbio.
Spread of Christianity
As the political boundaries of the Western Roman Empire diminished and then collapsed, Christianity spread beyond the old borders of the empire and into lands that had never been Romanised. The Lombards adopted Nicene Christianity as they entered Italy.
Irish missionaries
Although Ireland had never been part of the Roman Empire, Christianity had come there and developed, largely independently from Celtic Christianity. Christianity spread from Roman Britain to Ireland, especially aided by the missionary activity of Saint Patrick. Patrick had been captured into slavery in Ireland, and following his escape and later consecration as bishop, he returned to the isle to bring them the Gospel.
The Irish monks had developed a concept of peregrinatio. This essentially meant that a monk would leave the monastery and his Christian country to proselytize among the heathens, as self-chosen punishment for his sins. Soon, Irish missionaries such as Columba and Columbanus spread this Christianity, with its distinctively Irish features, to Scotland and the continent. From 590 onwards Irish missionaries were active in Gaul, Scotland, Wales and England.
Anglo-Saxon Britain
Although southern Britain had been a Roman province, in 407 the imperial legions left the isle, and the Roman elite followed. Some time later that century, various barbarian tribes went from raiding and pillaging the island to settling and invading. These tribes are referred to as the "Anglo-Saxons", predecessors of the English. They were entirely pagan, having never been part of the empire, and although they experienced Christian influence from the surrounding peoples, they were converted by the mission of St. Augustine sent by Pope Gregory I.
Franks
The largely Christian Gallo-Roman inhabitants of Gaul (modern France) were overrun by Germanic Franks in the early 5th century. The native inhabitants were persecuted until the Frankish King Clovis I converted from paganism to Nicene Christianity in 496. Clovis insisted that his fellow nobles follow suit, strengthening his newly established kingdom by uniting the faith of the rulers with that of the ruled.
The Germanic peoples underwent gradual Christianization in the course of the Early Middle Ages, resulting in a unique form of Christianity known as Germanic Christianity. The East and West Germanic tribes were the first to convert through various means. However, it was not until the 12th century that the North Germanic peoples had Christianized.
In the polytheistic Germanic tradition it was even possible to worship Jesus next to the native gods like Wodan and Thor. Before a battle, a pagan military leader might pray to Jesus for victory, instead of Odin, if he expected more help from the Christian God. Clovis had done that before a battle against one of the kings of the Alamanni, and had thus attributed his victory to Jesus. Such utilitarian thoughts were the basis of most conversions of rulers during this period. The Christianization of the Franks lay the foundation for the further Christianization of the Germanic peoples.
Arabia
Cosmas Indicopleustes, navigator and geographer of the 6th century, wrote about Christians, bishops, monks, and martyrs in Yemen and among the Himyarites. In the 5th century a merchant from Yemen was converted in Hira, in the northeast, and upon his return led many to Christ.
Tibet
It is unclear when Christianity reached Tibet, but it seems likely that it had arrived there by the 6th century. The ancient territory of the Tibetans stretched farther west and north than the present-day Tibet, and they had many links with the Turkic and Mongolian tribes of Central Asia. It seems likely that Christianity entered the Tibetan world around 549, the time of a remarkable conversion of the White Huns. A strong church existed in Tibet by the 8th century.
Carved into a large boulder at Tankse, Ladakh, once part of Tibet but now in India, are three crosses and some inscriptions. These inscriptions are of 19th century. The rock dominates the entrance to the town, on one of the main ancient trade routes between Lhasa and Bactria. The crosses are clearly of the Church of the East, and one of the words, written in Sogdian, appears to be "Jesus". Another inscription in Sogdian reads, "In the year 210 came Nosfarn from Samarkhand as emissary to the Khan of Tibet". It is possible that the inscriptions were not related to the crosses, but even on their own the crosses bear testimony to the power and influence of Christianity in that area.
Timeline
See also
History of Christianity
History of the Roman Catholic Church
History of the Eastern Orthodox Church
History of Christian theology
History of Oriental Orthodoxy
Church Fathers
List of Church Fathers
Christian monasticism
Patristics
Development of the New Testament canon
Christianization
History of Calvinist-Arminian debate
Timeline of Christianity
Timeline of Christian missions
Timeline of the Roman Catholic Church
Chronological list of saints in the 6th century
Transformation of the Roman World
Notes and references
Further reading
Pelikan, Jaroslav Jan. The Christian Tradition: The Emergence of the Catholic Tradition (100-600). University of Chicago Press (1975). .
Lawrence, C. H. Medieval Monasticism. 3rd ed. Harlow: Pearson Education, 2001.
Trombley, Frank R., 1995. Hellenic Religion and Christianization c. 370-529 (in series Religions in the Graeco-Roman World) (Brill)
Fletcher, Richard, The Conversion of Europe. From Paganism to Christianity 371-1386 AD. London 1997.
Eusebius, Ecclesiastical History, book 1, chp.19
Socrates, Ecclesiastical History, book 3, chp. 1
Mingana, The Early Spread of Christianity in Central Asia and the Far East, pp. 300.
A.C. Moule, Christians in China Before The year 1550, pp. 19–26
P.Y. Saeki, The Nestorian Documents and Relics in China and The Nestorian Monument in China, pp. 27–52
Philostorgius, Ecclesiastical History.
External links
Schaff's ''The Seven Ecumenical Councils
06
06
Daule is a small town located south of the city of Esmeraldas in Esmeraldas Province, Ecuador. The town is located on the Pacific Ocean side of Ecuador and the population is about 760 residents in the immediate town.
Geography
Today Daule lies within the provincia of Esmeraldas, the canton of Muisne, and the parroquia of Daule itself. Muisne contains the following major cities/towns in its area; Pedro Carlo, Union of Daule, Tola, Maldonado, Bellavista, and Daule. Muisne has an area of about 107 km² with a population of about 1,755 people. The Town of Daule is located by the global coordinates of . The average elevation is approximately 3–5 meters above sea level. A dirt road leads into town which is about 1 km long which then meets a paved highway and bus shelter. The population of Daule is approximately 760 people.
Daule is located on the west coast of Esmeraldas on the side of the bay. On the east side there are shrimp farms and pointing north the bay is open to the sea. The houses are lined in rows that are parallel to the beach.
History
The town was founded by Juan Clamante Estrada. He owned much of the land where Daule sits today and invested the land in the shrimp and alfalfa (Medicago sativa) industry. He eventually sold some of his land to the government and passed his inheritance to his son Ruben Estrada Gracia. Due to the economic disaster in the agricultural industry, Ruben Estrada Gracia's son Tomas Estrada Mendoza, was forced to sell most of his 500 km² shrimp farms over to the Ecuadorian government and international investors. Besides the small ownership of the farms, the citizens of Daule do not own the land; even though the residence owns the houses that they live in. None of the citizens pay taxes.
Demographics
The town of Daule is about 107 square kilometers in area. The population of Daule is about 1,755 people, of which 54.3% is male and 45.6% is female.
Economy
In a late 1990s a series of financial crises caused the government to abandon its own currency, the sucre, and adopted the U.S. dollar. Ecuador formally adopted the U.S. dollar in the year 2000. Introducing a stronger currency caused great inflation that deeply affected the agricultural industry.
The town of Daule only has two well defined small markets and one bar, however residents do sell various items from their own homes. These items include crops, fish, and crafts. The shrimp farms are taken care of by one person with a regular salary. Every two weeks five or more residents are asked to work for a one-day-pay to help collect and export shrimp to the main city. Most residents have to rely on individual fishing profits.
Politics
There are seven political parties in the area, but the most important ones include; Partido Social Cristiano (PSC), Partido Rosdoldista Ecuatoriano (PRE), and Partido Sociadad Patriotica (PSP). The PSP is the main party in Daule and participants of the political party represent the town in a committee. The town is democratic and is part of the Alianza 3 – 25 division of the PSP party. The following residences of Daule make up the committee:
Coordinator Daule – Sr. Simon Ferrin
Sub - Coordinator – Cristian Ismael Solorzano
Secretary – Olger Roberto Ortiz
Treasurer – Rocio Nilda Gracia
The police and representatives of the PSP committee work together to implement policies and projects in the area. The following residents of Daule work in the police station as part of the Alianza 3 – 25:
Head Chief – Frixon Garcia Bravo
Policeman First Division – Teresa Chila
Policeman Second Division – Segando Tauri
Policeman Third Division – Reina Berina
Education
In the Canton of Muisne 58% of the people are illiterate, while of the other 42% of the people; 20% has a middle school education, 6% has a high school education, and 2% has a college education. To improve the education system in this area the Ecuadorian NGO Fondo Ecuatoriano Populorum Progressio (FEPP) of Italy is working to donate books to help students read, but the schools in many of the parroquinas do not have adequate teachers or room capacity. Another organization from the 'Divino Nino' foundation organized by the Alianza 3 – 25, which is part of the PSP party, focuses on improving healthcare and education. This organization is not working to full potential due to monetary constraints.
In an interview with Ana Estrada Gracias, who is one of the teachers in Daule that has worked for 15 years, gave a strong feedback about the education in Daule. The school of Daule has first grade and continues on to seventh grade. Students continuing their education have to leave the town to a large town. During the first years the students are taught to read, write, add, subtract, divide, and multiply, and their national history. The school has three classrooms in which 140 students attend. Due to the lack of space classrooms have to be divided with curtains and each cubicle has two teachers, each teaching on opposite sides of the classroom. A major problem is that not all children are on the same intellectual level due to lack of proper schooling.
The tuition for the school in Daule is five dollars per year and this includes books and supplies. The Canton of Muisne pays for the school teachers. Illiterate adults can take classes in writing and reading which are subsidized by the government.
In another interview with Eva Francis, who is a teacher at the school says that "out of the forty students the joined first grade, on average only six of them will graduate from seventh grade. The main problem is due to the lack of discipline, family obligations, and money".
Health care and public issues
Adults in the town do not have any form of retirement or health care plans. There are no hospitals, clinics, or nurseries within the town. The government believes that the citizens can work well into their seventies. Occasionally food trucks come and deliver food for free, but they have little sympathy for adults who they believe should be able to work. Malaria and yellow fever is a prevalent problem in the area due to the amount of insects such as mosquitoes . In addition to insect spread illnesses, gastrointestinal problems exist due to the lack of clean drinking water.
Due to the geography of the town, the town is vulnerable to sea level rise from tropical storms. The water enters through the north side where the cemetery is located. Once the town is partly drowned by water, the terrain made up of sand and the surrounding shrimp farms makes the water harder to evaporate or be absorbed. This has a huge economic effect as well as a major impact with health issues. It is difficult to find a solution for the flooding because the town already suffers from socially and economical issues. If anything, the flooding makes problems worse for the people of Daule.
Environmental issues
There are no established landfill facilities or recycling programs established, except for the use of glass bottles. Because of the lacking structured garbage system, garbage can be found anywhere and everywhere in the town. These areas include the beaches, the water, and the streets.
The town has two major sources of drinking water. One of which is located next to a local church is a highly contaminated and is high in salinity. The second source is from a local river that is much cleaner.
Erosion is a major problem is Daule because of the soil make up. The soil consists mostly of sand. In addition, there are no controls on cutting down tree and shrubs in the area. This causes the soil to more easily erode away. Erosion also occurs when storms hit the area and the sea rises. When the sea rises the water currents carry the soils out to sea.
Water quality
The town of Daule can get its water from four major sources: the water in front of the town, imported bottled water, a nearby river, and a well that is beside the church. The water in front of the town essentially comes from the Pacific Ocean. Imported bottled water is an expensive alternative. The water from a nearby river still costs money for transportation. Water from the church well is free but contains a lot of salt.
From the data and observation, the best water for drinking is the water from a nearby river. However, further data must be collected over a longer period of time. Also, bacterial and microbial tests need to be completed.
Current developments
In late August 2006, a group of students traveled to Ecuador on behalf of Engineers Without Borders – Bucknell University Chapter to begin assessment of the town and begin a study of Daule, Ecuador. The purpose of the study was to evaluate the infrastructure of the community and to advise the village leaders on the procedure for submitting a project request to Engineers Without Borders or similar organizations. The team consisted of three students, a chapter mentor, and a Peace Corps volunteer.
In March 2007, a group of students traveled to Ecuador on behalf of Engineers for a Sustainable World – The Pennsylvania State University chapter to extend the study of the previous trip to Ecuador. The purpose of the study was to undergo an extensive community assessment and topographical survey of the town to determine the appropriate action for a solution to the community development and flood control problem. The team consisted of four students, four faculty advisors, a Peace Corps volunteer, and two non-traveling students.
Elevation survey of Daule
The survey map shows the general contour of the town of Daule. Zero is set in the corner of town near a telephone pole as seen on the map. The general trend shows that the highest elevation is near the ocean and decrease as on moves away from the ocean toward the levee. This explains why there is always standing water in the town near the levee and why water during storms has difficulty draining out of the town.
Housing and street layout
The map is the actual street layout of all of the housing in Daule.
Gallery
References
External links
Populated places in Esmeraldas Province
Clyde Scammell Brown (November 26, 1926 – October 18, 1965) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Bonavista South in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1951 to 1956. He is a member of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador. He was born at King's Cove, Newfoundland. He died at an Ottawa hospital in 1965.
References
1926 births
1965 deaths
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
The men's individual archery event at the 1984 Summer Olympics was part of the archery programme. The event consisted of a double FITA round. For each round, the archer shot 36 arrows at each of four distances—90, 50, 70, and 30 metres. The highest score for each arrow was 10 points, giving a possible maximum of 2880 points.
Records
The following new Olympic records were set during this competition.
Results
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
M
Men's events at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Unechsky (masculine), Unechskaya (feminine), or Unechskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Unechsky District, a district of Bryansk Oblast, Russia
Unechsky Urban Administrative Okrug, an administrative division which the town of Unecha and six rural localities in Unechsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia are incorporated as
Unechskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which Unechsky Urban Administrative Okrug in Unechsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
The Ordre du Mérite indochinois (Indochinese Order of Merit) was a regional award of France awarded by the Governor-General of Indochina for the local population of French Indochina.
History
Established April 30, 1900 by Governor-General of French Indochina Paul Doumer the order was to reward the local population of Indo-China for services to agriculture, commerce, industry and art. This award had no status as an official French colonial award but was a local only award for the population of Laos, Cambodia, Tonkin, Cochin China, and Annam. Governed by an Order Council, it was divided into three classes with limit on the number of members for each class. The 3rd class, was limited to 500 members. The 2nd Class, was limited to 100 members. The 1st class, was limited to 15 members.
Description
The badge of the order is a ball tipped six-pointed star with concave sides. In the center of the star is a round rimmed medallion. In the center of the medallion is the inscription in Annamese ideographic writing "It is worthy to develop knowledge" (彰美, written from right-to-left). On the rim is the inscription INDOCHINE FRANCAISE (French Indochina). Attached to the ball of the top most arm of the star are two laurel branches, which act as a ring to attach the star to its ribbon. The ribbon of the order is yellow Moire silk. The Order was presented in the 1st degree in gold, 2nd degree silver, and third degree bronze.
References
Merite Indochinois
Merite Indochinois
Colonial orders of chivalry
Awards established in 1900
Frederick Irvine Woodhouse (13 June 1912 – 8 July 1998) was an Australian track and field athlete who competed in the 1934 and 1938 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the pole vault event. He was also a member of the Australian relay team which finished fourth in the 4×110 yards competition.
Four years later he finished seventh in the pole vault contest at the 1938 Empire Games.
References
External links
Frederick 'Fred' Woodhouse at Australian Athletics Historical Results
(archive)
1912 births
1998 deaths
Australian male sprinters
Australian male pole vaulters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1938 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Yuquan () is a town in Tianzhen County, Shanxi province, China. , it administers the following 12 residential neighborhoods and 12 villages:
Neighborhoods
Xingfuli Community ()
Hepingli Community ()
Ping'anli Community ()
Dongfengli Community ()
Tuanjieli Community ()
Chaoyangli Community ()
Qianjinli Community ()
Nanyuanli Community ()
Xinhuali Community ()
Yingbinli Community ()
Guangmingli Community ()
Wangjiale Yiminxinqu Community ()
Villages
Dongbeijie Village ()
Xinanjie Village ()
Xibeijie Village ()
Dongnanjie Village ()
Nanyuanzi Village ()
Tangbali Village ()
Sanlitun Village ()
Hutuodian Village ()
Shijiazhuang Village ()
Gejiatun Village ()
Baojiatun Village ()
Lijiazhuang Village ()
References
Township-level divisions of Shanxi
Tianzhen County
Clostridium homopropionicum is a strictly anaerobic bacterium from the genus Clostridium which has been isolated from sewage sludge in Germany.
References
Bacteria described in 1991
homopropionicum
The masked fruiteater (Pipreola pulchra) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae endemic to Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests on the eastern flanks of the Andes. Considering the bird's population size and its wide range, this species is classified by the IUCN as being of the least concern.
Description
At , the masked fruiteater is a medium-sized fruiteater. Both the sexes are bright green above, with a yellowish iris, coral-coloured beak and grey legs. The male has a black face and upper throat, a bib-like orange lower throat, mottled green flanks and a yellowish belly. The female lacks the mask and bib, and its underparts are green streaked with yellow. This bird could be confused with the scarlet-breasted fruiteater (Pipreola frontalis), but that species has pale tips to the tertial wing feathers, the male has a scarlet throat but no collar, and the female has a yellow upper throat and unbarred breast.
The voice is a very high-pitched whistle "tseeeeeeeweee". The call note is a rising "tsweet".
Distribution and habitat
The masked fruiteater is endemic to Peru. It occurs on the eastern side of the Andes Mountains at altitudes of between where its natural habitat is montane forests.
Status
Pipreola pulchra has a wide range and is common in most of its range. The population size has not been quantified, but it is thought that the total number of birds is decreasing. However this is at a slow rate, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
masked fruiteater
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
masked fruiteater
masked fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marie-Josephine-Amélie Soulacroix (Marseille, August 14, 1820 - Ecully, September 26, 1894), was a French philanthropist and charity worker. Daughter of a rector of the Académie of Lyons, on June 23, 1841, she married the lawyer, littérateur and philanthropist Antoine Frédéric Ozanam in the church of Saint-Nizier in Lyons. The marriage was a very happy one and there was one child, Marie, born in 1845.
Ozanam's naturally weak constitution fell a prey to consumption, which he tried to cure by visiting Italy, where he had been born, but on the sea voyage back to France his condition worsened and he died at Marseilles on September 8, 1853. He was beatified by Pope John Paul II in the cathedral church Notre Dame de Paris in 1997.
Only 32 at the time of her husband's death, Amélie never remarried and was long to outlive him. She died after a short illness at the family home at Ecully, a town to the west of Lyons, on September 26, 1894 and her funeral took place at the parish church there.
In the intervening years she was to emerge as a strong figure in her own right, actively supporting many good causes, including the missionary work of Cardinal Charles Lavigerie and the Oeuvre du Bon-Pasteur.
References
1820 births
1894 deaths
French philanthropists
19th-century philanthropists
Oenomaus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Species
atena species subgroup
Oenomaus atena (Hewitson, 1867)
Oenomaus morroensis Faynel & Moser, 2008
cortica species subgroup
Oenomaus ambiguus Faynel, 2008
Oenomaus cortica (D'Abrera, 1995)
Oenomaus druceus Faynel & Moser, 2008
Oenomaus gaia Faynel, 2008
curiosa species subgroup
Oenomaus curiosa Faynel & Moser, 2008
cyanovenata species subgroup
Oenomaus cyanovenata (D'Abrera, 1995)
Oenomaus floreus (Druce, 1907)
Oenomaus isabellae Faynel, 2006
Oenomaus taua Faynel & Moser, 2008
geba species subgroup
Oenomaus brulei Faynel, 2008
Oenomaus geba (Hewitson, 1877)
Oenomaus griseus Faynel & Moser, 2008
Oenomaus jauffreti Faynel & Moser, 2008
Oenomaus magnus Faynel & Moser, 2008
Oenomaus poirieri Faynel, 2008
melleus species subgroup
Oenomaus melleus (Druce, 1907)
nigra species subgroup
Oenomaus nigra Faynel & Moser, 2008
unknown species subgroup
Oenomaus andi Busby & Faynel, 2012
Oenomaus atesa (Hewitson, 1867)
Oenomaus gwenish Robbins & Faynel, 2012
Oenomaus lea Faynel & Robbins, 2012
Oenomaus mancha Busby & Faynel, 2012
Oenomaus mentirosa Faynel & Robbins, 2012
Oenomaus moseri Robbins & Faynel, 2012
Oenomaus myrteana Busby, Robbins & Faynel, 2012
Oenomaus ortygnus (Cramer, 1779)
References
, 2004, Atlas of Neotropical Lepidoptera; Checklist: 4A; Hesperioidea-Papilionoidea page 134.
, 2006, Le genre Oenomaus Hübner, 1819, en Guyana française (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae), Bulletin de la Société entomologique de France 111 (2): 137-156.
, 2008: The genus Oenomaus Hübner, 1819, in French Guiana, Part II (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Bulletin de la Société entomologique de France 113 (1): 15-32.
, 2008: The neotropical genus Enomaus Hübner with description of eight new species belonging to the atena group (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Lambillionea Supplément I: 1-36.
External links
"Oenomaus Hübner, [1819]" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Irina Vlah (born 26 February 1974) is a Moldovan politician. She served as member of the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova from 2005 to 2009 and from 2014 to 2015. Since 15 April 2015 she has been the Governor (Başkan) of the Autonomous Territorial Unit of Gagauzia (Gagauz Yeri).
According to the polls made in 2019 related to the most popular politicians in Moldova, Irina Vlah is on the 9th position among the top of politicians in which Moldovans have the highest trust.
Honours and accolades
Foreign honours
: Friend of Azerbaijan Golden Order in 2019.
References
External links
Personal website
Profile on parliament's website
1974 births
Gagauz people
People from Gagauzia
People from Comrat
Living people
Moldovan MPs 2005–2009
Moldovan female MPs
21st-century Moldovan women politicians
The 2021 Street Skateboarding World Championships took place in Rome, Italy, from 30 May to 6 June 2021. The event was organised by Sport e Salute and World Skate.
The event contributed towards qualification for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, where skateboarding made its debut as an Olympic sport. The three medallists in both the men's and women's events qualified automatically for the Olympics.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medallists
References
External links
World Skate
World Skateboarding Championships
Street Skateboarding World Championships
Street Skateboarding World Championships
Street Skateboarding World Championships
Street Skateboarding World Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Italy
Sports competitions in Rome
In Cook Islands mythology, Avatea (also known as Vatea; meaning 'noon' or 'light') was a lunar deity and the father of gods and men in Mangaian myth of origin. His eyes were thought to be the Sun and the Moon; he was also known as the god of light.
Mythology
According to one myth, Vari-Ma-Te-Takere (The primordial mother) created six children from her body. Three were plucked from her right side and three from her left. The first of which was Avatea, the first man, who was perceived as a moon god. As he grew he divided vertically into a hybrid being; the right half was a man and the left half a fish.
In song, the gods are called "children of Vatea". The same shortened phrase is in use at Rarotonga: at Aitutaki and Atiu the full form "Avatea" is used, e.g. kia kakā te mata o Avatea Nui meaning "when the eye of Great Avatea is open;" in other words "when the sun is in its full glory;" still in contrast with the darkness and gloom of Avaiki, or the Underworld.
In Mangaian myth, a beautiful woman visits Vatea in his dreams, and he is certain that she ascends from the underworld to his side, but when he wakes he can never find her. He strews scraped coconut about, and, at last, watchers see a slender hand reach for the delicious food. Vatea catches her and discovers that her name is Papa, and marries her. Tangaroa and Rongo are their twin sons. Rongo's wife bears a daughter named Tavake. Tavake gives birth to Rangi, Mokoiro, and to Akatauira. Rangi pulls up Mangaia from the underworld, and becomes the first king of the island. His wife's name is Te-po-tatango.
See also
Atea
Wakea, a god from Hawaii
Rangi and Papa, primordial parents in Māori tradition
List of lunar deities
Notes
References
Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology by Robert D. Craig, Greenwood Publishing Group, 1989;
Myths and Songs from the South Pacific by William Wyatt Gill;
Myth: a handbook by William G. Dotty, 2004;
External links
Vatea or Avatea — The father of gods and men at NZETC
Cook Islands mythology
Lunar gods
Mythological human hybrids
Legendary progenitors
Larne Museum and Arts Centre is a local museum based in Larne, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Built in 1905, this historic building opened its doors to the public in 1906 as the Carnegie Free Library, following financial assistance from the American millionaire and philanthropist Mr Andrew Carnegie. The library was built at a cost of £2500 and was officially opened on 2 April 1906 by Colonel J M McCalmont, M.P. The library eventually moved to larger premises on Pound Street in July 1980 at a cost of £205,000.
Larne Historical Centre first opened in the Reading Room of the Carnegie Public Library in 1972 following a campaign by local people for a museum which led to a grant of £300 from Larne Borough Council. In 1976 the Centre moved to the ground floor of Larne Town Hall before returning to the old Carnegie Library building in June 1983.
In 2005, to commemorate its centenary year, the building was restored and renovated, retaining many of its original features. The building is also now home to Larne Drama Circle and Larne Art Club.
The Main Gallery hosts permanent displays reflecting the agricultural, industrial, military and maritime history of the area. Larne is a principal gateway into Northern Ireland and the strong maritime links of this east Antrim coastal community are portrayed through a variety of exhibits relating to the first roll-on, roll-off ferries, the Royal Navy and the MV Princess Victoria disaster. Larne's rural hinterland, which includes two of the nine Glens of Antrim, is well represented in the museum's folk life display. The War and Conflict section hosts objects from the Home Rule Crisis, Larne Gun Running and the First and Second World Wars. Visitors can access accounts and memories of local people through oral history listening posts and can browse through photographs in a digital community archive.
The ‘John Clifford Gallery' plays host to a variety of temporary exhibitions throughout the year. There are also a series of family events at the centre.
The temporary exhibitions gallery has been named after John Clifford, the first curator of the museum. John was a local actor, poet and musician. He left Larne in 1937 to take up a civil service post in London where he became a professional actor. He returned to live in Larne in 1967 soon taking on the role of librarian in Carnegie Library. Due to his love of local history, John became a founding member and Chairman of Larne & District Folklore Society which formed in 1968. The society helped in the campaign for a local museum which led to John becoming the first curator of Larne Historical Centre.
The museum is managed by Mid and East Antrim Borough Council, and forms part of the Mid-Antrim Heritage Partnership alongside similar local museums in Ballymena, Carrickfergus and Newtownabbey.
References
External links
Larne Museum and Arts Centre - official site
Buildings and structures in Larne
Museums in County Antrim
Local museums in Northern Ireland
Art centres in Northern Ireland
Former library buildings of the United Kingdom
Carnegie libraries in Ireland
Anguilla requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates, changed in 2007, have a blue and white background with black letters and are North American standard 6 × 12 inches (152 × 300 mm). Vehicle plates have an 'A' followed by four digits.
The letter denoting the type of vehicle has been moved to the front and 'P' is now designated for personal vehicles.
See also
Vehicle registration plates of British overseas territories
References
Anguilla
Transport in Anguilla
Anguilla-related lists
Nigel Pendse is a business intelligence and OLAP analyst and the editor of The BI Verdict (formerly The OLAP Report) and author of The BI Survey (previously known as The OLAP Survey). He also advises and speaks on a variety of OLAP related subjects. Previously, he had worked both as a user and then in a variety of roles as a salesperson of business intelligence products since 1977. He has a master's degree in nuclear reactor engineering from Imperial College, London.
References
External links
The BI Verdict
The BI Survey 9
News on The BI Verdict, and an Interview with Nigel Pendse - Interview with Nigel Pendse, January 2010
BI Vendors Tell Users What They Want, But Are Users Listening? - Interview with Nigel Pendse, April 2009
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People in information technology
Hostynne-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Hostynne-Kolonia
Robert Walter Speer (December 1, 1855 – May 14, 1918) was elected mayor of Denver, Colorado three times. He served two four-year terms in office from 1904 to 1912. He died from Influenza, early on in the worldwide epidemic of that year on May 14, 1918, while halfway through a third term in office that had started in 1916.
Biography
Speer was born in Mount Union, Pennsylvania, on December 1, 1855. He married Kate Thrush, his childhood sweetheart, in 1882.
As an adherent of the City Beautiful movement, Speer initiated several projects that added new landmarks, updated existing facilities, and signed Speer Amendment for non-political administration, and dropped his Democrat affiliation in 1916 When elected to third term; improved the city's landscape including:
City Auditorium, site of the 1908 Democratic National Convention
The Civic Center
Denver Mountain Parks
The Denver Zoo expansion from 1906 to 1918.
Denver Museum of Nature and Science
The paving and graveling of many of the city's remaining dirt streets
An urban forestry program that eventually distributed 110,000 free shade trees to city residents
Speer was the first mayor of Denver to die while serving in office. Speer Boulevard in Denver is named in his honor. He is buried in Fairmount Cemetery in Denver.
References
Bibliography
External links
1855 births
1918 deaths
Deaths from Spanish flu
Mayors of Denver
19th-century American politicians
Shakespeare Cliff Halt is a private halt station on the South Eastern Main Line. It is located to the western end of the dual bore Shakespeare Cliff tunnel on the South Eastern Main Line to Folkestone, England. It never appeared in any public timetable and has been used successively by railway staff, coal miners, the military and Channel Tunnel workers.
History
Shakespeare Cliff near Dover was the location of the first attempt to construct a tunnel under the English Channel in the late 1870s, when a diameter Beaumont-English boring machine dug a pilot tunnel from the location. The project was abandoned in May 1882, owing to British political and press campaigns claiming that a tunnel would compromise Britain's national defences. A further shaft was made in 1890 and coal was struck about below the surface; Shakespeare Colliery was opened on the site in 1896 and was producing of coal per day by 1907.
In 1913, the South Eastern and Chatham Railway opened a halt primarily for the use of miners at Dover Colliery, who worked the mine until its closure in 1915. At least from 1920, the station was used by the Admiralty, as well as by railway staff who lived nearby in railway cottages; the halt was convenient for Shakespeare signal box and siding. The station was never advertised in any public timetable because members of the public alighting there would find themselves on an isolated wedge of flat land carved into the chalk cliff face.
For some years a watchman was based at the station and a zig-zag path was provided to give access from the top of the cliff. The British Army used the station during the Second World War to serve a nearby military camp, and medical staff are also recorded as having used the halt in the post-war period. Shakespeare Cliff Halt was given a new lease of life when work began again on the abortive Channel Tunnel of that time. Workmen carrying out preliminary work used the halt between November 1973 and January 1974, and it was used again in the early 1990s during the actual construction of the Channel Tunnel. At that time, the up platform was rebuilt and lengthened, and a substantial timber footbridge was built across the rail tracks, with offices on the bridge. Special season tickets were issued by British Rail for people involved in constructing the Tunnel. The last use of the halt was by those constructing Samphire Hoe Country Park on the site of the Tunnel workings.
Present day
The halt has fallen into disuse since completion of the Channel Tunnel in 1994. The timber shelter provided for users is barely standing, and the nameboard has gone, although its concrete supports remain.
See also
Samphire Hoe Country Park - the carpark is to the seaward side of the station site
References
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1913
Private railway stations
Disused railway stations in Kent
1913 establishments in England
Flisy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dzwola, south-east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Flisy
Márton Fucsovics was the defending champion but was no longer eligible to compete as a Junior.
Luke Saville defeated Liam Broady in the final, 2–6, 6–4, 6–2 to win the boys' singles tennis title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Jiří Veselý (third round)
Thiago Moura Monteiro (third round)
Hugo Dellien (first round)
Oliver Golding (second round)
Filip Horanský (third round)
Roberto Carballés Baena (second round)
Dominic Thiem (third round)
Mate Pavić (quarterfinals)
Andrew Whittington (second round)
George Morgan (second round)
João Pedro Sorgi (first round)
Patrick Ofner (first round)
Jeson Patrombon (second round)
Andrés Artuñedo (first round)
Liam Broady (final)
Luke Saville (champion)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Boys' Singles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Boys' singles
The Muskeg Formation is a geologic formation of Middle Devonian (Givetian) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. It extends from the plains of northwestern Alberta to northeastern British Columbia, and includes important petroleum and natural gas reservoirs in the Zama lake and Rainbow Lake areas of northwestern Alberta.
Lithology
The Muskeg Formation consists primarily of anhydrite, with dolomite, halite (rock salt) and limestone.
Environment of Deposition
The Muskeg Formation was deposited at the northern end of an embayment called the Elk Point Basin, adjacent to an extensive reef complex called the Presqu'ile Barrier. The reef had developed across the mouth of the embayment, blocking the area from the open ocean and restricting the inflow of seawater. The low water levels and excessive evaporation resulted in the deposition of anhydrite, halite and carbonate rocks.
Distribution and Thickness
The Muskeg Formation is present in the northern half of the Elk Point Basin, in northeastern British Columbia and northwestern Alberta. It reaches a maximum reported thickness of .
Stratigraphy
The Muskeg Formation is part of the Elk Point Group and was established by J. Law in 1955, based on core from a well (California Standard Steen River 2-22-117-5W6M) that was drilled north of Zama Lake.
The formation is usually divided into five members. The Black Creek Member at the base consists of halite. The overlying Lower Anhydrite Member consists of microcrystalline anhydrite with minor beds of fine- to medium-crystalline dolomite. The Zama Member at the center consists of fragmental carbonate, and is overlain by the Upper Anhydrite which consists of interbedded microcrystalline anhydrite and fine- to medium-crystalline dolomite. The Bistcho Member at the top is a fragmental carbonate unit.
Relationship to other units
The Muskeg Formation is disconformably overlain by the Watt Mountain Formation and conformably underlain by the Keg River Formation. It is correlated with the Pine Point Formation, Presqu'ile Formation and Sulphur Point Formation. It grades into the halite-rich Prairie Evaporite Formation to the southeast through a decrease in its anhydrite content and an increase in its halite content.
Petroleum and Natural Gas
The porous carbonate units of the Muskeg Formation contain important oil and natural gas reservoirs in the Zama and Rainbow Lake areas of northwestern Alberta. The impermeable anhydrite and halite beds of the formation act to seal the reservoirs.
References
Stratigraphy of Alberta
Stratigraphy of British Columbia
Geologic formations of Canada
Vanimo Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
81. Vanimo Town
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
The 2008 Salt Lake County mayoral election was held to elect the Mayor of Salt Lake County, Utah on November 4, 2008, alongside the presidential, House of Representatives and gubernatorial elections. This marked the third election to the office since the post was created in 2000.
Popular incumbent Democrat Peter Corroon was elected in a nearly 2 to 1 landslide against token Republican opposition. In the same election cycle, Salt Lake County narrowly voted for Democrat Barack Obama for president, but also voted for incumbent Republican Governor Jon Huntsman Jr.
Candidates
Democratic Party
Peter Corroon, incumbent county mayor
Republican Party
Michael Renckert, field supervisor for Adult Probation and Parole at the Utah Department of Corrections
Dropped out
Dell Schanze, businessman (switched to gubernatorial election, running as Libertarian)
Constitution Party
Leonard Olds
Polling
Results
References
2008 Utah elections
2008 United States mayoral elections
2008 in Utah
2000s in Salt Lake City
Anastasios Peponis (; 1924 – 8 August 2011) was a Greek politician and author.
Life
He was born in 1924 in Athens, Greece. During the Axis Occupation of Greece in the Second World War (1941–44), Peponis was an active member of two resistance organizations: the Panhellenic Union of Fighting Youths (PEAN) and the National Coalition of Higher Education Institutions (ESAS), being involved especially in the underground press.
After the war he studied law, and began practice in 1952. In 1951–52, during his studies, he was leader of the Youth Section of the National Progressive Center Union (EPEK). As the general director of the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation in 1964-65 he founded the Experimental Channel which began Greek public television. During the Greek military junta of 1967–1974 he was arrested five times, imprisoned, held in solitary confinement, and ordered into exile.
After the junta's fall, he became a member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK). From 1977 to 2000 he was elected with PASOK as a member of the Hellenic Parliament for Athens. After the accession of Greece to the EEC on January 1, 1981, he became a provisional member of the European Parliament representing Greece until the country could hold its first European Parliament elections. In successive PASOK cabinets he held the portfolios of Industry and Energy (1981–82), Industry, Energy and Research (1986–89, 1989–90 and 1995). He was Minister without portfolio in 1984, Minister to the Presidency of the Government in 1989 and in 1993–94, Minister for Justice in 1995, and Minister for Health and Welfare in 1996. In 1985–86, as MP he acted as the chief sponsor for the revision of the Greek Constitution.
As the minister responsible for energy policy he conceived of, negotiated and signed an agreement on importing natural gas to Greece from the then-Soviet Union and Algeria and started its realization in 1987–88. In the same capacity, he proposed and oversaw a strategy for disengaging foreign companies searching for oil in the northern Aegean from issues of national security and international policy.
As Minister for Public Administration he introduced and secured passage for Law 2190/94 establishing the Supreme Council for Personnel Selection (ASEP) and the system of public hiring by means of objective criteria.
Peponis died on 8 August 2011. He was 87.
Publications
His books include: Personal Testimony (Athens 1970 and 2001), Wider Communication (on Mass Media ; Athens 1973), On Popular Sovereignty (Athens 1975), The Constitutional Revision of 1985/86 (Athens 1986), Greece and Democracy in a New Reality (Athens 1996), 1961-81: Persons and Events (Athens 2001), On the Issue of the Aegean Sea: Oil, “Boundary Disputes,” the European Union and the Energy Connection (Athens 2008).
References
1924 births
2011 deaths
Greek Resistance members
Greek MPs 1977–1981
Greek MPs 1981–1985
Greek MPs 1985–1989
Greek MPs 1990–1993
Greek MPs 1993–1996
Greek MPs 1996–2000
PASOK politicians
Justice ministers of Greece
Politicians from Athens
The Yakovlev Yak-35MV was a low-altitude tactical fighter / interceptor project of the Soviet Union from the late 1950s, which suffered from a lack of funding, in the wake of the expected total reliance on guided missiles in the near future. In addition to financial problems, the engines were found to be under-developed and the project failed to progress further than the drawing board.
Design and development
The initial design was for a single-engined low-altitude interceptor for interceptions between .This was refined to a twin-engined tactical fighter-bomber with a take-off weight of , carrying a weapon load of .
Specifications (Yak-35MV estimated)
References
Further reading
Bomber aircraft
Abandoned military aircraft projects of the Soviet Union
Yakovlev aircraft
Tailless delta-wing aircraft
Federico Roman (born 29 July 1952) is an Italian equestrian and Olympic champion.
Biography
Federico Roman won an individual gold medal in eventing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. He was also a member of the Italian team that received a silver medal in team eventing at the same Olympics. He participated also to 1976 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics. He is the brother of Mauro Roman.
His sons Luca and Pietro competed together at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Olympic results
See also
Italy at the 1980 Summer Olympics
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Olympic equestrians of Italy
Italian male equestrians
Equestrians at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Equestrians at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Equestrians at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Italy
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in equestrian
Italian event riders
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
The Mysterios were an American professional wrestling tag team composed of Rey Mysterio and his son Dominik Mysterio. They are one-time WWE SmackDown Tag Team Champions, which made them the first father and son team to have won a tag team championship in WWE.
History
Dominik's early appearances (2003–2019)
Dominik made his first professional wrestling appearance on the June 5, 2003 edition of SmackDown! at just 6 years old when he was in the crowd along with his mother Angie and his younger sister Aalyah watching his father Rey Mysterio win the WWE Cruiserweight Championship from Matt Hardy. After the match, Dominik came over the barricade and into the ring to celebrate with his father, who promptly gave him a massive hug and hoisted him up on his shoulders. Dominik made his second appearance on the December 11 edition of SmackDown! in the crowd again with Angie and Aalyah watching his father compete against WWE Champion Brock Lesnar in a non-title match in a losing effort.
In the summer of 2005, Dominik made his third appearance in WWE at the age of 8, but this time in a more prominent role, as part of his father Rey's ongoing feud with Eddie Guerrero, in which the two rivals fought for custody of him. During the storyline, Guerrero stated that he was Dominik's (kayfabe) biological father. Mysterio defeated Guerrero in a ladder match for custody of Dominik at SummerSlam. He made two more appearances in 2006, first at WrestleMania 22 with Angie and Aalyah watching his father win the World Heavyweight Championship for the first time and second on the September 15 edition of SmackDown! where he watched backstage as his father battled with Mr. Kennedy. Mysterio would lose this match after Chavo Guerrero and Vickie Guerrero showed up on the stage with Gutiérrez to distract Mysterio as Kennedy rolled him up for the win. He once again appeared on the March 12, 2010 episode of SmackDown, this time during the feud between Rey Mysterio and the Straight Edge Society (CM Punk, Luke Gallows, and Serena).
On the March 19, 2019 episode of SmackDown Live, Dominik appeared with his father, Rey Mysterio, who announced that he would be facing Samoa Joe for the WWE United States Championship at WrestleMania 35. He once again appeared on Raw from April to June, during the feud between Mysterio and Joe. During the following months, he was involved in his father's storylines and matches, including getting physically involved in Rey's WWE Championship match against Brock Lesnar at Survivor Series, where they attacked Lesnar and performed a double 619, but Rey was nonetheless defeated.
Work as a tag team (2020–2022)
In May 2020, Dominik again assisted his father, this time in dealing with Seth Rollins and his teammates Murphy and Austin Theory, after his father suffered a severe (kayfabe) eye injury. At The Horror Show at Extreme Rules, Rey had his eye (kayfabe) removed in an Eye for an Eye match, where the winner could only be declared upon removing an opponent's eyeball from its socket. Dominik thereafter unsuccessfully came for revenge, having to be saved by his father's ally, Aleister Black. On the August 3 episode of Raw, Dominik issued a challenge to Rollins, which he accepted for SummerSlam, in what was Dominik's in-ring debut. The following week, after the SummerSlam match was made official, Rollins and Murphy attacked Dominik, landing over 30 kendo stick shots.
On August 23 at SummerSlam, Dominik made his in-ring debut, where he was defeated by Rollins in a Street Fight. The following night on Raw, Dominik and Rey teamed together for the first time in an official match, where they faced Rollins and Murphy, but the match ended in a disqualification after Retribution attacked the Mysterios. Six days later at Payback, The Mysterios defeated Rollins and Murphy to earn Dominik's first official victory in WWE. The next night on Raw, Dominik replaced his injured father in a match with Rollins, set up to determine entries into another match that was held later that night to decide the next challenger for the WWE Championship. Rollins avoided a frog splash, and went on to defeat Dominik, as a frustrated Rey looked on backstage. Next week he defeated Murphy with the help of his family in a Street Fight. The following week on Raw, Dominik once again wrestled Rollins, this time in a steel cage match where he was defeated. A new storyline developed in September, where Dominik's sister Aalyah began to show feelings for Murphy, the former disciple of Rollins. This caused unrest amongst the Mysterio family, and one such distraction caused Murphy to pin Dominik during a match. As part of the 2020 Draft in October, The Mysterios were drafted to the SmackDown brand. The Mysterio family's feud with Rollins would end on the November 13 episode of SmackDown after Rey defeated Rollins in a No Holds Barred match after assistance from Murphy, who turned on Rollins.
At the 2021 Royal Rumble, Dominik took part in his first Royal Rumble match where he eliminated King Corbin before being eliminated by Bobby Lashley. On the February 12 episode of SmackDown, the Mysterios were defeated by Corbin and Sami Zayn in an Elimination Chamber qualifying match. On the WrestleMania edition of SmackDown, the Mysterios would face defending champions Dolph Ziggler and Robert Roode, Alpha Academy (Chad Gable and Otis), and The Street Profits in a fatal four-way tag team match for the SmackDown Tag Team Championship, but were unsuccessful as Ziggler and Roode retained their titles.
At WrestleMania Backlash, despite Dominik being attacked backstage by Ziggler and Roode prior to the match, Dominik and Rey won the SmackDown Tag Team Championship, marking Dominik's first championship in WWE, and making Dominik and Rey the first father and son team to become tag team champions in WWE history. On the June 4 episode of SmackDown, the Mysterios successfully defended their titles against The Usos, albeit with controversy as Jimmy's shoulder was lifted although the referee wasn't aware. After Adam Pearce and Sonya Deville granted a rematch later that same night, the Mysterios again retained their titles after Roman Reigns interfered and attacked the Mysterios, causing a disqualification, and both were assaulted by Reigns afterwards. The following week on SmackDown, Rey called out Reigns for attacking Dominik, and challenged Reigns to a Hell in a Cell match at the namesake pay-per-view, but before Reigns could answer, Rey attacked Reigns with a kendo stick, but was ultimately overpowered, and while Dominik joined the brawl, Reigns powerbombed Dominik over the top rope and out of the ring. The next day on Talking Smack, Paul Heyman, Reigns' "special council", formally accepted Rey's challenge on Reigns's behalf. On June 17, however, the match was moved to the SmackDown prior to the pay-per-view in which Rey lost to Reigns. At Money in the Bank pre-show, The Mysterios dropped the titles to The Usos, ending their reign at 63 days.
As part of the 2021 Draft, both Rey and Dominik were drafted to the Raw brand. On the January 31, 2022 episode of Raw, The Miz defeated Dominik. The following week, the Mysterios were guests on "Miz TV". Rey claimed that Miz cheated to defeat Dominik while Miz took issue that Rey had an opportunity to qualify for the WWE Championship Elimination Chamber match while he did not and also that Rey was the cover star of the WWE 2K22 video game. Miz also questioned if Rey was truly Dominik's dad, referencing the child custody battle that Rey had with Eddie Guerrero back at SummerSlam in 2005. Dominik then defeated Miz in a rematch. Rey then defeated Miz during the Elimination Chamber Kickoff pre-show. Later backstage, Miz accused Rey of cheating due to Dominik and said he would find a tag team partner who was a "global superstar". On the following episode of Raw, as Miz teased the identity of his partner to face Rey and Dominik at WrestleMania 38, the Mysterios interrupted, stating it did not matter who Miz had chosen. Miz then revealed his partner as social media personality Logan Paul, after which, Miz and Paul attacked the Mysterios. At WrestleMania 38, the Mysterios were defeated by Miz and Paul.
The Mysterios later began feuding with The Judgment Day (Finn Bálor, Damian Priest, and Rhea Ripley) over the group's desire to recruit Dominik, with the latter continuously refusing, leading to the group attacking the Mysterios in several occasions. During Rey's 20th anniversary celebration on the July 25 episode of Raw, the Mysterios defeated Bálor and Priest in a tag-team match. Afterwards in a backstage segment, Ripley attacked Rey's daughter Aalyah before dragging Dominik away, leading Rey into an assault by Bálor and Priest. At SummerSlam, the Mysterios defeated Bálor and Priest in a no disqualification match following an interference from the returning Edge, the Judgment Day's former leader, who attacked Bálor and Priest, allowing the Mysterios to defeat them. At Clash at the Castle, after Rey and Edge defeated Bálor and Priest, Dominik hit Edge with a low blow. Rey pleaded with Dominik to stop, but Dominik hit a devastating clothesline on Rey, turning heel and disbanding the Mysterios in the process.
Championships and accomplishments
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Rookie of the Year (2020) – Dominik
WWE
WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship (1 time)
Bumpy Award (1 time)
Tag Team of the Half-Year (2021)
References
External links
WWE teams and stables
Taylor Dent was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Jan-Michael Gambill.
Joachim Johansson won in the final 7–6(7–5), 6–3 against Nicolas Kiefer.
Seeds
Andy Roddick (quarterfinals)
Mardy Fish (semifinals)
Taylor Dent (first round)
Robby Ginepri (first round)
Vince Spadea (first round)
James Blake (second round)
Wayne Ferreira (second round)
Nicolas Kiefer (final)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
2004 Kroger St. Jude International Draw
2004 Kroger St. Jude International and the Cellular South Cup
Singles
Use Once and Destroy Me is a DVD filmed on the 2003 tour of Europe and the United States by Mondo Generator. It was released on September 7, 2004 by Tornado Records. It is currently being distributed by Cargo Records Germany.
Chapters
"Six Shooter" - Amsterdam, Holland
"Here We Come" - Los Angeles, US
"Ode to Clarissa" - Birmingham, England
"Shawnette" - Hamburg
"I Want You to Die" - Glasgow, Scotland
"Scottish Girl" - Glasgow, Scotland
"Detroit" - Manchester, England
"F.Y.I.F." - Glasgow, Scotland
"Jr. High Love" - Manchester, England
"Backstage" - Hamburg
"Allen's Wrench" - Hamburg & London
"Do the Headright" - Hamburg
"Unless I Can Kill" - Berlin, Germany
"So High, So Low" - Manchester, England
"13th Floor" - Berlin & Hamburg
"Open Up and Bleed for Me" - Hamburg
"Simple Exploding Man" - Hamburg
"Backstage" - London, England
Credits
Bonus footage
"Miss Mary" - Portland, Oregon
"So High, So Low" - Dallas, Texas (filmed at Lollapalooza)
"Ya Me Voy" - Hamburg
"Ode to Clarissa" - Los Angeles (features Dave Grohl on drums, Jeordie White and Josh Homme on guitars)
Personnel
Nick Oliveri - vocals
Brant Bjork - drums
Dave Catching - guitars
Molly McGuire - bass guitar
Deborah Viereck - photography and video
John Leamy - cover design
Bob Sexton - "Ode To Clarissa" bonus video
References
Live video albums
2004 video albums
Mondo Generator albums
2004 live albums
Maida Vale: The BBC Radio One Sessions is a compilation album by Van der Graaf Generator, containing eight songs from four different recording sessions at Maida Vale Studios for BBC Radio 1 in 1971, 1975 and 1976, three of which were Peel Sessions. It was released in June 1994 on Band of Joy Records.
All tracks were re-released on the 2015 2CD BBC compilation After the Flood: At the BBC 1968-1977, together with all the other BBC sessions, which survived in good audio quality.
The versions of "When She Comes" and "Masks" found here were also released as bonus tracks on the 2005 Charisma reissue of World Record.
Track listing
All songs written by Peter Hammill, except where noted.
"Darkness" - 7:17 (Sounds of the Seventies, 10 June 1971)
"Man-Erg" - 11:00 (same)
"Scorched Earth" - 9:40 (John Peel Show, 3 July 1975) (Hammill, David Jackson)
"Sleepwalkers" - 8:58 (same)
"Still Life" - 7:20 (John Peel Show, 1 April 1976)
"La Rossa" - 10:00 (same)
"When She Comes" - 8:08 (John Peel Show, 11 Nov 1976)
"Masks" - 7:22 (same)
Personnel
Van der Graaf Generator
Peter Hammill – vocals, piano, guitar and moods
Hugh Banton – organ, bass pedals and design
Guy Evans – drums and tiptoe
David Jackson – saxophones, flute and his own devices
References
External links
Van der Graaf Generator Maida Vale: The BBC Radio One Sessions (1994) album review by Greg Prato, credits & releases at AllMusic.com
Van der Graaf Generator Maida Vale: The BBC Radio One Sessions (1994) album releases & credits at Discogs.com
Van der Graaf Generator albums
1994 live albums
Live progressive rock albums
Cheick Aboubacar Camara (born 16 April 1998) is a Guinean sprinter. In 2019, he competed in the men's 100 metres event at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar. He competed in the preliminary round and he did not advance to compete in the heats.
In 2014, he competed in the boys' 100 metres event at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics held in Nanjing, China.
In 2019, he also represented Guinea at the 2019 African Games held in Rabat, Morocco. He competed in the men's 200 metres event and he did not qualify to compete in the semi-finals.
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Guinean male sprinters
World Athletics Championships athletes for Guinea
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 African Games
African Games competitors for Guinea
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
John Hall (23 October 1912 – August 2000) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Born in Failsworth, Lancashire, he played for Failsworth Dynamoes, Manchester United, Tottenham Hotspur, Stalybridge Celtic and Runcorn, as well as guesting for several teams during the Second World War.
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1912 births
People from Failsworth
2000 deaths
English footballers
Manchester United F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Stalybridge Celtic F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. wartime guest players
Footballers from Oldham
Association football goalkeepers
The Tenna is a river in the Marche region of Italy. Its source is in the Sibillini Mountains in the province of Fermo near the border with the province of Macerata. It flows northeast through the mountains near Montefortino and Amandola before forming the border between the provinces of Fermo and Macerata. The river enters the province of Fermo near Servigliano and continues flowing northeast past Grottazzolina and Montegiorgio. Finally, the river enters the Adriatic Sea near Sant'Elpidio a Mare and Porto Sant'Elpidio.
References
Rivers of the Province of Fermo
Rivers of the Province of Macerata
Rivers of Italy
Adriatic Italian coast basins
Dan Collins (born July 26, 1976) is a former American football guard in the National Football League who played for the Dallas Cowboys. He also played for the NFL-Europe team Rhein Fire and the XFL team the Orlando Rage.
References
1976 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
Boston College Eagles football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Rhein Fire players
Orlando Rage players
Rogemar Sombong Mamon, is a Canadian mathematician, quant, and academic. He is a co-editor of the IMA Journal of Management Mathematics published by Oxford University Press since 2009.
Mamon is known for his contributions to the developments and applications of regime-switching framework useful in economic, financial and actuarial modeling. Majority of his works promote regime-switching paradigms modulated by either discrete- or continuous-time hidden Markov models (HMM). A recurrent theme of his research is dynamic parameter estimation via HMM filtering recursions. He also made contributions in the areas of derivative pricing, asset allocation, risk measurement, filtering to remove noise from data as well as inverse problems in quantitative finance. He was the lead editor of the handbook Hidden Markov Models in Finance, published by Springer.
In 2010, he and two co-authors won the Society of Actuaries Award for the Best Paper published in the North American Actuarial Journal.
Since 2006, he has taught, conducted research and held administrative roles at the University of Western Ontario, and garnered recognitions for excellence in teaching and research. Previously, he held academic positions at Brunel University, London, UK; University of British Columbia; University of Waterloo; and University of Alberta.
He spent short-term research visits at several institutions including the Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences, University of Cambridge, England; Maxwell Institute for Mathematical Sciences, Scotland; Centre for Mathematical Physics and Stochastics, University of Aarhus, Denmark; Institute for Mathematics and its Applications, University of Minnesota, USA; University of Adelaide, Australia; University of Wollongong in New South Wales, Australia; and Centro de Investigacion en Matematicas, Mexico.
Mamon holds professional designations conferred by various British learned societies. He is a Fellow and Chartered Mathematician of the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications; Chartered Scientist of the Science Council; and Fellow of the Higher Education Academy. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and the Royal Statistical Society, and was an elected member of the London Mathematical Society.
He began PhD studies in Mathematical Finance at the University of Alberta, and completed his dissertation during a research visit at the University of Adelaide, Australia. He was supervised by Robert J. Elliott making him a mathematical descendant of Godfrey Harold Hardy, Sir Isaac Newton and Galileo Galilei.
References
Canadian mathematicians
Canadian people of Filipino descent
University of Alberta alumni
University of Western Ontario faculty
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the Higher Education Academy
Bedok Public Library (Simplified Chinese: 勿洛社区图书馆) is a public library under the National Library Board network at 11 Bedok North Street 1, #02-03 & #03-04, Heartbeat@Bedok, Singapore 469662. The library moved to its new premises at Heartbeat@Bedok and received its official re-opening by Dr. Yaacob Ibrahim, Minister for Communications and Information on 28 October 2017. The new library is among a suite of community services provided at the new integrated complex, Heartbeat@Bedok.
History
Formerly situated at 21 Bedok North Street 1, Singapore 469659, it was officially opened on 28 September 1985 by Professor S. Jayakumar, then Minister of Foreign Affairs as well as second Minister for Law, currently Senior Minister. With an area of 5,088 square metres, the library serves residents in the South East areas of Singapore (Bedok North, Bedok Reservoir, Bedok South, Frankel, Kaki Bukit and Kembangan). It was temporarily closed on 20 August 2017 and was relocated to Heartbeat@Bedok, having been officially reopened by Dr. Yaacob Ibrahim, Minister for Communications and Information on 28 October that year.
Facilities
Bedok Public Library has a collection of approximately 200,000 books and over 300 magazines and 13,000 audio-visual titles. It has a seating capacity of 435 seats. Besides standard facilities such as the 24-hour bookdrop, multiple reading areas and multimedia stations, and event spaces, the library offers more services suitable for elderly patrons. These include large print books and electronic magnifiers. Facilities for other age groups include a study area space for teenagers and a Story Circle for children.
Layout
The library covers an area of 4,150 square metres across the 2nd and 3rd stories at Heartbeat@Bedok.
2nd Floor
The lowest floor houses English-language fiction books, books for young adults, for-loan magazines and periodicals, a newspaper reading corner, audiobooks, CD-ROMs and DVDs for loan. A one-stop service, Discover Health@BECL, introduces the various aspects of health and fitness through exhibitions.
It also has a separate Malay Library Services which has the largest and most comprehensive collection of print and non-print materials in Malay within the network of NLB libraries. It also has computer systems for internet surfing, English non-fiction books, as well as Chinese and Tamil books.
3rd Floor
The upper storey comprises Singapore Collections, General fiction, a children's section and an early literacy section for young children.
Location
The library is a short walk from the Bedok Bus Interchange and Bedok MRT station.
Notes
1985 establishments in Singapore
2018 establishments in Singapore
Library buildings completed in 1985
Libraries established in 1985
Libraries in Singapore
Singapore
Alessandro Pieri (born October 29, 1963) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, he finished seventh in the K-4 1000 m event while being eliminated in the semifinals of the K-2 1000 m event.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1963 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Italian male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Italy
The Longfellow House in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, is a 2/3 scale replica of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's home in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Built in 1907, the house was neither seen nor lived in by Longfellow (who died in 1882), but was the home of an admiring Minneapolis businessman named Robert "Fish" Jones. Longfellow House stands within Minnehaha Park and is a contributing property to the Minnehaha Park Historic District.
Early history
In 1885, Robert "Fish" Jones sold his downtown Minneapolis fish market, and built a zoo on the site where the Basilica of St. Mary stands today. He eventually moved his zoo a few miles south into an area next to the Minnehaha Creek. He rebuilt his zoo, the Longfellow Zoological Gardens, and opened it in 1907. At the same time, he built a house for himself, styled after Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's home. A yellow frame house with porches at each end, he lived there for the next 23 years until he closed the zoo, due to complaints from nearby residents. He agreed to give the house to the City of Minneapolis, but died in 1930 before the transaction was completed.
Longfellow Community Library
For four years after Jones' death, the house remained vacant, following which the Park Board was deeded the house, offering it to the Minneapolis Public Library. The library purchased it for $1,500, $500 of which was raised by neighbourhood residents. The Works Progress Administration converted the house into the Longfellow Community Library, which opened in 1937.
The library performed well, serving the south easternmost portion of Minneapolis until the 1950s, when the growing prevalence of television cut circulation numbers at the library in half. The demographic that fell the most during that time was not children, but adults. The library overcame this circulation drop, so much so that in 1967 the Library Board authorized the construction of a new library in the nearby Wenonah neighborhood. In 1968, Longfellow closed and Nokomis Community Library opened, instantly doubling Longfellow's circulation numbers.
The House today
The House fell into disrepair. During the early 1980s, it was used by the March of Dimes and Minneapolis Jaycees as "Ghost Manor", a haunted house attraction every year at Halloween. In 1994, the expansion of Hiawatha Avenue was underway, the House was moved to its current location. In a partnership with the Minnesota Department of Transportation, the house was moved across the highway by Ernst Movers of Osseo, Minnesota and thus reconnected with Minnehaha Park which the house had been separated from. It was then renovated by the Kodet Architectural Group. The moving process won the Department of Transportation an honorable mention by the Federal Highway Administration in the historic preservation category. In 2001, the house opened as an interpretive information center, run by the Park Board.
References
External links
Longfellow House at Placeography.
Longfellow House at the Hennepin County Library.
Longfellow House at the Minnesota Historical Society.
Historic district contributing properties in Minnesota
Houses completed in 1907
Houses in Minneapolis
Minneapolis Public Library
National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi National River and Recreation Area
Works Progress Administration in Minnesota
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Minneapolis
1907 establishments in Minnesota
Eugene Macalalag "Geno" Espineli (born September 8, 1982) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher for the San Francisco Giants.
Early life
Espineli was born in Houston, Texas to Filipino parents born in the Philippines who migrated to the United States. He also has two older sisters who were also born in Houston, Lorene and Theresa. Lorene is a mathematics teacher at the Bentley School in Lafayette, California.
Career
Espineli played college baseball for the Texas Longhorns and TCU Horned Frogs. With TCU, he was named to the All-Conference USA Tournament Team in 2004. In 2002 and 2003, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Cotuit Kettleers of the Cape Cod Baseball League. He was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 14th round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft.
A full-time reliever in his first two professional seasons, Espineli started some games for Double-A Connecticut in and became a full-time starter for Connecticut in . Espineli, a reliever again in , started the season with the Triple-A Fresno Grizzlies. He was named a PCL All-star and also to the U.S. Olympic team before being called up to the majors on July 20. He made his debut that same day, pitching one scoreless inning.
When Espineli made his debut with San Francisco on July 23, , with 0.2 innings of perfect relief against the visiting Washington Nationals, many believe he became the first full-blooded Filipino to ever play in the major leagues.
Espineli signed a minor league contract with an invitation to 2011 spring training with the Colorado Rockies. On May 13, 2011, Espinelli signed a minor league contract with the San Francisco Giants. He finished the season with the Fresno Grizzlies and retired after the season.
Eugene is currently the first and only full-blooded Filipino playing for the Dirtbags in the world renowned Denver NABA league. (25WAA)
References
External links
San Francisco Chronicle article
1982 births
American baseball players of Filipino descent
Baseball players from Houston
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Connecticut Defenders players
Cotuit Kettleers players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Living people
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Katy, Texas
Salem-Keizer Volcanoes players
San Francisco Giants players
San Jose Giants players
TCU Horned Frogs baseball players
Texas Longhorns baseball players
Gigantes de Carolina players
Venados de Mazatlán players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Annanukku Jai is a 1989 Indian Tamil-language film, directed by Gangai Amaran. The film stars Arjun Sarja and Seetha.
Cast
Arjun Sarja
Seetha
Kiruthika
Radha Ravi
Shanmugasundaram
Venniradai Moorthy
Chinni Jayanth
Charle
M. S. Bhaskar
Ganthimathi
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
References
1989 films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
1980s Tamil-language films
Films directed by Gangai Amaran
Sporting Clube de Portugal is a professional volleyball team based in Lisbon, Portugal. It's the volleyball section of Sporting CP.
History
Volleyball was introduced in Sporting Clube de Portugal in the thirties by influence of Salazar Carreira, constituting itself the club as one of the founders of the Association of Volleyball of Lisbon, 28 of December 1938.
The club would only reach its first titles in the fifties thanks to the dynamism of Professor Moniz Pereira, who was a manager, coach and player of the team that, in the 1953/54 season, broke the hegemony of the Instituto Superior Técnico that until then had conquered all National Championships, which were disputed since 1947. In addition to Moniz Pereira, the Yugoslavs Jost and Budisin, Xara Brazil, Marques Pereira, Fernando Fezas Vital, Machado da Costa, Anibal Rebelo and Plácido Martins.
At the women's level the first official competition began in June 1951, and Sporting Clube de Portugal was one of four clubs that took part in the competition, with the Lionesses being in second place. After a brilliant period with the achievement of the National Championships of 1953/54 and 1955/56, the modality declined, being fundamentally supported by successes at the training levels and at the feminine level, ending up being extinguished at the beginning of the 1964/65 season with the club's restructuring.
At the end of almost two decades of interregnum, the sport was again practiced in 1981/82, first only in the women's sector in the senior and junior years, so that the volleyball later returned in force to Sport and to those that were the golden years of the modality in Alvalade, the 90s, with a team led by António Rodrigues, and with some of the best players of the time, such as Nilson Júnior, Carlos Natário, Miguel Maia, Wagner Silva, Luís Cláudio, Magrão, Filipe Vitó, Marcelo and Maurício Cavalcanti. Carlos Silveira, Miguel Soares and Américo Silva, Sporting was Tri-National Champion and won a Portuguese Cup and two Super Cups.
In the first half of the decade of 1990, to the referred conquests were added still more two Cups of Portugal and a Supertaca. However, the victorious momentum was abruptly interrupted at the beginning of the Roquete Project in 1995. One of the first measures of financial reorganization of the Board chaired by Santana Lopes was to end various high competition modalities, including Volleyball.
In November 1995, a group of coaches, athletes and their parents from the former section decided to found the Lisbon Volleyball Center, a non-profit sports institution dedicated to teaching and practicing the sport.
On 5 June 2017, Sporting Clube de Portugal officially announces that Volleyball will become part of Leon's eclecticism again, with the men's senior team competing in the First National Division in the 2017/18 season, with the undisputed Miguel Maia.
Facilities
Pavilhão João Rocha
Pavilhão João Rocha is a multi-sports pavilion located in the parish of Lumiar, in Lisbon. Located next to the Estádio José Alvalade, it is the home of Sporting CP sports. In honor of one of the most distinguished figures in the history of Sporting, the pavilion was named after former club president, João Rocha, who remained in office from September 1973 to October 1986. Its inauguration took place on the day June 21, 2017.
Honours
Men
Portuguese Championship: 6
1953–54, 1955–56, 1991–92, 1992–93, 1993–94, 2017–18
Portuguese Cup: 4
1990–91, 1992–93, 1994–95, 2020–21
Portuguese Super Cup: 3
1990–91, 1991–92, 1992–93
Women
Portuguese Cup: 2
1984–85, 1985–86
Portuguese Super Cup: 1
1986–87
Team Roster
Season 2020–2021, as of September 2020.
References
External links
Sporting CP sports
Volleyball clubs established in 1938
1938 establishments in Portugal
Portuguese volleyball teams
Narewka () is a village in eastern Poland, with its population estimated at 935 residents (as of 2011). It is located in Gmina Narewka, Hajnówka County, within Podlaskie Voivodeship. The village is located near Poland's border with Belarus. Many of its residents belong to Poland's Belarusian minority.
The village has Polish Catholic and Belarusian Eastern Orthodox churches. It used to have a synagogue, but it was destroyed by the local Jewish population, angered after the Red Army, which had invaded Poland in 1939, desecrated the synagogue by turning it into a storage building. Narewka's significant Jewish community eventually perished in the Holocaust and has not been restored.
It is in one of five Polish-Belarusian bilingual regions in Podlaskie Voivodeship regulated by the Act of 6 January 2005 on National and Ethnic Minorities and on the Regional Languages, which permits certain gminas with significant linguistic minorities to introduce a second, auxiliary language to be used in official contexts alongside Polish.
References
External links
Jewish cemeteries
Villages in Hajnówka County
Białystok Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Pope Innocent XII (r. 1691–1700) created 30 cardinals in four consistories.
December 12, 1695
Innocent named twelve cardinals at his first consistory and reserved the names of two more in pectore.
Giacomo Antonio Morigia, in pectore, announced 19 December 1998
Sebastiano Antonio Tanara
Giacomo Boncompagni
Giovanni Giacomo Cavallerini
Federico Caccia
Taddeo Luigi dal Verme
Baldassare Cenci (seniore), in pectore, announced 12 November
Tommaso Maria Ferrari
Giuseppe Sacripante
Celestino Sfondrati
Enrico Noris
Giambattista Spinola, iuniore
Domenico Tarugi
Henri Albert de la Grange d'Arquien
July 22, 1697
Luiz de Sousa
Giorgio Cornaro
Pierre-Armand du Camboust de Coislin
Fabrizio Paolucci
Alfonso Aguilar Fernández de Córdoba
Vincenzo Grimani
November 14, 1699
Niccolò Radulovich
Giuseppe Archinto
Andrea Santacroce
Marcello d'Aste
Daniello Marco Delfino
Sperello Sperelli
Giovanni Maria Gabrielli
June 21, 1700
Louis Antoine de Noailles
Johannes Philipp von Lamberg
Francisco Antonio de Borja-Centelles y Ponce de León
References
Additional sources
Innocent XII
College of Cardinals
17th-century Catholicism
Three-point locking, or a multipoint lock, is a locking system installed in cabinet or locker doors to enable more secure locking. Whereas in single-point locking, the door on a cabinet locks only at the point where the key is turned, halfway up the edge of the door, three-point locking enables the top and bottom of the door to be simultaneously secured. This is accomplished by attaching two long steel rods to the lock on the inside of the door, which extend vertically upwards and downwards: when the lock is turned, the rotary movement of the latch on the inside of the door translates to vertical movement in these rods, with the result that the upper rod moves upwards by an inch or so, and the lower rod moves downwards similarly. This causes the ends of the rods to move through small holes in the flanges at the top and bottom of the door, resulting from the metal of the door being turned inwards, and the rods then move a short distance into holes in the metal surrounding the door. This effectively immobilizes the top and bottom of the door, and greatly increases the security of the door-locking compared to a door with only single-point locking.
Near the holes in the top and bottom of the door, some restraining device is provided for the rods to pass through, to prevent them from falling away entirely when in the unlocked position, and thus not inserted into the holes in the door. This consists of either a rubber or plastic gasket fitted into the holes in the door and protruding up or down a short distance, or else a small metal plate with a hole in it welded to the inside of the door through which the rod extends in any position.
Another three-point locking system is commonly used in lockers. This system uses a "Latch Channel" with 3 vertical slots that attach to 3 hooks on the locker frame. The locker handle is attached directly to the latch channel so that when the channel is lifted, it is released from the hooks and the door is allowed to swing open.
Three point lock are also commonly used in wardrobes, like from Hettich
Single-point locking may provide adequate security for some situations on tiered lockers, as the doors are shorter, and therefore more difficult to force open; however, the taller doors of full length lockers and cabinets are more susceptible to the application of leverage. This is the reason three-point locking is usually found on single-tier lockers, and is certainly highly recommended in cases where it is optional.
This system is occasionally wrongly referred to as three-pin locking. This name is incorrect because only two pins or rods are involved, the third locking point being the latch itself inside the door.
In Australia, a locker or cabinet under certain weight limits cannot be legally used to store firearms unless it uses three-point locking and is bolted to either the floor or a wall.
References
Locks (security device)
Anna Westberg (14 September 1946 – 26 October 2005) was a Swedish journalist, novelist and non-fiction writer. She grew up in in Gästrikland. She made her literary debut in 1978, with the novel Paradisets döttrar. She co-edited the two-volume Kvinnornas litteraturhistoria from 1981/1983. She was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1992.
References
Further reading
1946 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Swedish novelists
Swedish non-fiction writers
Swedish women non-fiction writers
Dobloug Prize winners
Swedish women novelists
20th-century Swedish women writers
20th-century non-fiction writers
The Kennebec-class oilers were sixteen United States Navy medium oilers built during World War II to three related designs at Bethlehem Sparrows Point Shipyard of Sparrows Point, Maryland and Sun Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. of Chester, Pennsylvania, all of which survived the war. One is still in commercial service as of 2022.
All of the ships of the class initially were to be built for private companies, but the outset of World War II, the ships were transferred to the United States Maritime Commission and given new names. Later, when allocated to the U.S. Navy, they were renamed again.
In some cases the Kennebec class is divided into three classes, the Kennebec class (AO-36 to AO-40, AO-48), the Mattaponi class (AO-41 to AO-44, AO-47) and the class (AO-68 to 72). The first two classes were of the T2 and T2-A designs, built by different shipbuilders, and the Chiwawas were of the T3-S-A1 design, mainly differing in having only a engine and a top speed of .
History
One of the first acts of the War Shipping Administration (WSA), established in February 1942, was to address the Navy's pressing need for oilers by requisitioning five tankers in service or under construction for civilian companies. Three of these were Type T2 "national defense tankers" designed by the Maritime Commission with potential militarization in mind and built by Bethlehem Steel for Socony-Vacuum Oil Co: the Corsicana, Caddo and Calusa. A month later the WSA requisitioned six more: Socony's Colina and Conastoga, together with four similar ships building at Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock for Keystone Tankships to an enlarged design, later called T2-A: Kalkay, Ellkay, Jorkay and Emkay. Corsicana was commissioned as USS Kennebec, becoming the lead ship of the class; Kalkay was renamed Mattaponi and gave that name to the T2-A subclass. In June the WSA moved to acquire the remaining member of each group, Aekay and Catawba.
The T2 design had itself been based on two ships built by Bethlehem Steel in 1938–39, Mobilfuel and Mobilube; the T2's principal difference was MarCom's inclusion of more powerful engines to produce the Navy's desired 16.5 knots. In the meantime MarCom under the State of Emergency had ordered thirteen duplicates of Mobilfuel for the merchant marine; the first of these were nearing completion in late 1942 when the Navy, still very short of oilers, requisitioned the first five starting with Samoset (ex-Mobiloil), renamed USS Chiwawa. Other than being limited to 15 knots, the Chiwawas were effectively identical to the Kennebecs, despite being assigned the confusing design code T3-S-A1.
All sixteen ships survived the war, but were decommissioned shortly afterwards in favor of the larger, faster . Kennebec, Merrimack, Kankakee, Mattaponi, Monongahela, Tappahannock, and Neches were recommissioned for the U.S. Navy after World War II. Mattaponi and Tappahanock were reactivated four times, serving until 1970.
Chiwawa (now Lee A. Tregurtha) is still in commercial service on the Great Lakes. Neshanic (now American Victory) was sold for scrap and towed away to Turkey in 2018.
Ships of the class
Citations
References
Auxiliary replenishment ship classes
Auxiliary ship classes of the United States Navy
Ships built in Sparrows Point, Maryland
Mut is an ancient Egyptian mother goddess.
Mut may also refer to:
Mut (political party), in Germany
Precinct of Mut, Egyptian temple
Mut, Mersin, a district of Mersin Province, Turkey
Mut Castle, a castle in the area
Mut Wind Farm, a wind power plant in the area
Mut, a main settlement in the Dakhla Oasis, Egypt
MUT may also refer to:
Mangosuthu University of Technology, in Durban, South Africa
Methylmalonyl-CoA mutase, a mitochondrial enzyme
MUT (zinc finger protein), a synthetic zinc finger protein
Mauritius Time, a time zone used in Mauritius
MultiUser Talk, an obsolete BBS chat program
Military University of Technology in Warsaw
Manar University of Tripoli, in Lebanon
See also
MTU (disambiguation)
Mutt (disambiguation)
Mixed-breed dog (properly spelled as mutt)
Tamara Francine Smith, an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Ballina for the Greens since 2015. Smith is the first non-conservative to represent the Ballina area in 88 years.
Novelist Dominic Smith is her brother.
Political career
Smith won Ballina at the 2015 State election. She joined two other Greens, Jamie Parker and Jenny Leong (member for Newtown) in the lower house of the New South Wales Parliament. She retained her seat, with a 2.26-point two-party swing in her favour, in the 2019 election.
Personal
Smith's family have lived in the Northern Rivers area for four generations. She has campaigned against the Howard government's WorkChoices scheme and coal seam gas.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian Greens members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian solicitors
Australian schoolteachers
University of New South Wales alumni
University of Sydney alumni
Southern Cross University alumni
21st-century Australian politicians
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Maziarnia may refer to the following places:
Maziarnia, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Maziarnia, Tomaszów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Maziarnia, Nisko County in Subcarpathian Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
Maziarnia, Stalowa Wola County in Subcarpathian Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
The Russian Federation of Practical Shooting (, Federatsia Prakticheskoi Strelbi Rossii) is the association for practical shooting in Russia under the International Practical Shooting Confederation (IPSC).
In reaction to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the IPSC cancelled all scheduled and future level 3 and above international competitions in Russia. The President of IPSC, Vitaly Kryuchin, is Russian.
See also
2017 IPSC Rifle World Shoot in Russia
Russian Handgun Championship
Russian Rifle Championship
Russian Shotgun Championship
External links
Official homepage of the Russian Federation of Practical Shooting
References
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Sports organizations of Russia
Plisków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
See also
Plyskiv
References
Villages in Chełm County
Rehguzar is a 1985 Indian direct-to-video film directed by Jyoti Sarup starring the Shekhar Suman, Simple Kapadia, Bharat Bhushan and Jyoti Sarup himself. The film was first released for video in 1985, it was later telecasted on Doordarshan in 1989. This film had the music of Sardar Anjum, this is the only film for which he ever gave music.
Plot
A small town, aspiring, lyricist Shekhar goes to Bombay to make it big. He stays in the city on rent in a house, which is owned by a person from his town. The daughter of his landlord, Simple falls in love with him and he reciprocates the feelings too. Meanwhile he meets the secretary of a famous lyricist in the business. The secretary buys his lyrics and passes it on to his boss who records the songs, which become hits. Frustrated by ghost-writing for others he searches ways to get famous himself. He meets a famous female singer, Aarti who, liking his lyrics, sings for his songs and helps him become famous.
The conflict for him arises when he learns that the Aarti also loves him. The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss. While Shekhar is in a dilemma, of what to do because he is in love with Simple, and Aarti is the one who has helped him achieve whatever he wanted in life, Aarti finds out she has cancer. Clearing things with Shekhar, she then dies of the disease.
Cast
Shekhar Suman as Shekhar
Simple Kapadia as Simple
Aarti Mehta as Aarti
Bharat Bhushan as Landlord
Mayur as Film Star
Jyoti Sarup as Lyrics writer's secretary
Songs
"Har Sitam Jhel Kar" – Minoo Purushottam
"Husn Par Jab Kabhi Shabab Aaya" – Minoo Purushottam
"Jab Talak Hai Shabab Rehne Do" – Anup Jalota
"Kya Kahoon Meherbaan Nahi Maloom" – Minoo Purushottam
"Nainon Mein Chori Chori" – Aarti Mukherjee
"Zakhm Rehguzaaron Ke Yaad Un Baharon Ki" – Minoo Purushottam
References
External links
1985 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian direct-to-video films
Muscatine County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 43,235. The county seat is Muscatine. The southeastern border is formed by the Mississippi River.
Muscatine County comprises the Muscatine, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Davenport-Moline, IA-IL Combined Statistical Area.
History
Muscatine County was formed in December 1836 as a part of Wisconsin Territory, partitioned from Des Moines County, which had been organized two years previously. One history suggests that the county was named for Muscatine Island in the Mississippi River. The island lies opposite Muscatine County and was believed to be named after the Mascouten tribe, Algonquian-speaking Native Americans who lived in the area before being driven west by settler encroachment and other tribes.
Colonel George Davenport of Illinois sent three representatives into the territory in 1833 to establish a trade post. They were the first European Americans to settle there. In the same year, James W. Casey and John Vanatta came to the area. They opened a supply depot for steamboats on June 1, 1833, and named it Casey's Woodpile (since steamboats used wood as fuel). Muscatine County became part of Iowa Territory on July 4, 1838, when it was established by partitioning the area from Wisconsin Territory. The first public land sale was held in November 1838. One year later, officials began construction of the first courthouse and associated jail. A second jail, known as the "Old Jail", was built in 1857.
The first courthouse was destroyed by fire on December 23, 1864. By 1866 a replacement stood on the same site. The present courthouse opened on September 26, 1907.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Cedar County (north)
Johnson County (northwest)
Louisa County (south, southwest)
Rock Island County, Illinois (east), across the Mississippi River
Scott County (northeast)
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Highway 6 – enters from Cedar County, west of Wilton, runs south two miles, then continues west and west-northwest to the northwest corner of the county, exiting into Johnson County.
U.S. Highway 61 – enters from Louisa County, southwest of Fruitland. Runs northeast through the county, passing Muscatine, before turning east to enter Scott County at Blue Grass.
Iowa Highway 22 – begins at an intersection with Iowa 70, three miles east of Nichols. Runs east and southeast to an intersection with US 61, west of Muscatine.
Iowa Highway 38 – begins at an intersection with US 6, three miles south of Wilton. Runs south to an intersection with US 61, north of Muscatine.
Iowa Highway 70 – enters from Louisa County at the southwest corner of Muscatine County. Runs north, northeast and east to Cedar County, passing Nichols and West Liberty.
Iowa Highway 92 - enters Muscatine County (and state of Iowa), running northwest across the historic Norbert F. Beckey Bridge into central Muscatine. Runs southwest along the Mississippi River to intersection with US 61, southwest of Muscatine.
Other roadway designations
Great River Road - system of roadways marking north–south routes across the conterminous US, and generally passing through Iowa.
County highways
County Highway F58 (formerly Hwy 927)
County Highway F62
County Highway F65
County Highway F70 (155th St)
County Highway G14 (180th St)
County Highway G28 (230th/231st Sts)
County Highway G34 (275th St)
County Highway G38 (Fruitland Rd)
County Highway X34 (Davis Ave)
County Highway X40 (Garfield Ave)
County Highway X46 (Kelly Ave/170th St)
County Highway X61 (Stewart Rd)
County Highway Y14 (Taylor Ave)
County Highway Y26 (Vail Ave)
County Highway Y30 (Western Ave)
County Highway Y36 (Zachary Ave)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 43,235 in the county, with a population density of . 92.12% of the population reported being of one race. There were 18,366 housing units, of which 16,908 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 42,745 in the county, with a population density of . There were 17,910 housing units, of which 16,412 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 41,722 people, 15,847 households, and 11,283 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 16,786 housing units at an average density of 38 per square mile (15/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.72% White, 0.70% Black or African American, 0.31% Native American, 0.83% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 6.05% from other races, and 1.37% from two or more races. 11.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 15,847 households, out of which 34.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 9.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.80% were non-families. 24.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.90% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 28.80% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 12.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,803, and the median income for a family was $48,373. Males had a median income of $36,329 versus $24,793 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,625. About 6.30% of families and 8.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.70% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Atalissa
Blue Grass (part)
Conesville
Durant (part)
Fruitland
Muscatine
Nichols
Stockton
Walcott (part)
West Liberty
Wilton
Census-designated places
Fairport
Kent Estates
Montpelier
Moscow
Other unincorporated communities
Ardon
Cranston
Hinkeyville
Midway Beach
Petersburg
Port Allen
Townships
Bloomington
Cedar
Fruitland
Fulton
Goshen
Lake
Montpelier
Moscow
Orono
Pike
Seventy-Six
Sweetland
Wapsinonoc
Wilton
Population ranking
The population ranking of the table is based on the 2020 census of Muscatine County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Muscatine County, Iowa
References
External links
Muscatine County website
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1836 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1836
Muscatine, Iowa micropolitan area
Iowa counties on the Mississippi River
Christopher Stevens (born November 29, 1967), is an American record producer, mix-engineer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Early and personal life
Stevens was born Christopher Edmund Stevens, on November 29, 1967, in Eugene, Oregon. He graduated from North Eugene High School and studied electronics at Lane Community College. After working as a composer for video games in the 1990s, Stevens eventually relocated to Nashville, Tennessee to pursue songwriting and record production full-time.
Credit awards and accomplishments
Chris Stevens has produced and mixed contemporary Christian music artists TobyMac, and American Idol finalists Mandisa and Colton Dixon, among others. Stevens has also worked on projects for country artists Blake Shelton and Carrie Underwood. In September 2013 Stevens traveled to Barcelona, Spain, to work with International pop star Shakira on her 2014 studio album, lending his programming talents on several of her songs. He has also contributed his skills on two studio albums, Nothing Left to Lose, and Just Kids, for fellow Oregonian and Universal Republic recording artist Mat Kearney.
Stevens has handled production, writing, and mixing for numerous artists under the EMI CMG, Word Records, Provident, INO Records, Gotee Records, and Curb Records labels. Stevens is credited with programming and keyboards on the Carrie Underwood single "Cowboy Casanova".
In 2010, Stevens produced two Grammies nominated albums, TobyMac's, Tonight, and Sanctus Real's Pieces of a Real Heart. In 2011, Stevens received his first songwriting Grammy nomination for Jamie Grace's Hold Me. In 2010 and 2012, Stevens was honored as BMI's Christian Songwriter of the Year. In 2013 Stevens received his first Grammy as a producer and mixer on TobyMac's Eye on It. In 2014 Stevens took home two more Grammys for Contemporary Christian Album for Mandisa's Overcomer and Contemporary Christian Song for its title song. In June 2015 he received his third BMI Christian songwriter of the year award. In February 2016, Stevens was awarded his fourth Grammy for production and engineering on Tobymac's This Is Not a Test.
In January 2020 Stevens earned his fifth Grammy award in the roots gospel category for production on Gloria Gaynor's album, Testimony.
Beginning in 2016 Stevens began focusing on songwriting in the pop and country genres and has had songs recorded by Jason Aldean, Lindsay Ell, David Lee Murphy, Kenny Chesney, Justin Moore, Morgan Wallen, Drew Baldridge, and Logan Mize. In June 2018, Stevens celebrated his first number one Billboard and Mediabase Country Song with David Lee Murphy's "Everything's Gonna Be Alright", featuring Kenny Chesney. Stevens co-wrote the song with Murphy and Jimmy Yeary, and produced the background track.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
American performers of Christian music
Record producers from Oregon
Record producers from Tennessee
Songwriters from Oregon
Songwriters from Tennessee
Musicians from Eugene, Oregon
Musicians from Nashville, Tennessee
Businesspeople from Eugene, Oregon
Much Like Falling is an EP by Flyleaf. This album was released digitally onto the iTunes Store on October 30, 2007. It includes unreleased songs not featured on their self-titled album. This EP was released onto the iTunes Store the same day as their re-release of their self-titled album, Flyleaf. The Much Like Falling EP was also released to select record stores for free in celebration of Record Store Day on April 19, 2008.
Track listing
Personnel
Flyleaf
Lacey Mosley – lead vocals
Sameer Bhattacharya – lead guitar
Jared Hartmann – rhythm guitar
Pat Seals – bass guitar
James Culpepper – drums, percussion
Production
Produced and recorded by Mark Lewis and Flyleaf. (Except where noted.)
Mixed by Joe West. (Except where noted.)
References
2007 EPs
Flyleaf (band) albums
A&M Octone Records EPs
Wicks (also referred to as bonks or globs) are a hairstyle originating in South Florida. This hairstyle is prevalent amongst African-Americans, The Hairstyles originated from Afro-Caribbeans (specifically Afro-Haitian) in descent and are involved in the Hip-Hop community as well as related subgenres in Florida.
Methods
There are three main methods of creating Wicks:
The "crochet needle method" which is the method of using a crochet needle, normally with two or more "fangs" to crochet existing dreadlocks together. This is the best and cleanest method as it leaves the wicks looking clean and healthy.
The "combine method" which is the process of tying existing dreadlocs with rubber bands together allowing the locs to fuse together giving them the infamous upright habit.
The other method is the "freeform method" which is the process of allowing locs to naturally form via the rinse and go method and allowing the locs to naturally lock on to each other.
Etymology
The term "Wicks" was given to this hairstyle due to the fact each one resembles the wick of a candle because of their upright positioning.
See also
Afro-textured hair
Broward County
Miami-Dade County
African diaspora
African American culture
Demographics of Florida
References
Hairstyles
Meudon () is a municipality in the southwestern suburbs of Paris, France. It is in the département of Hauts-de-Seine. It is located from the center of Paris. The city is known for many historic monuments and some extraordinary trees. One of them, the Imperial Cedar (), attracted the attention of Empress Eugénie and Queen Victoria. As of March 2021, the tree is in good condition, but it is threatened by real estate speculation. Another real estate project is planned for the historic park of the Napoleon III villa built by Charles Schacher. Both projects are controversial and have aroused local opposition.
Geography
The town of Meudon is built on the hills and valleys of the Seine. The wood of Meudon lies for the most part to the west of the town. The north-west part of Meudon, overlooking the Seine, is known as Bellevue ("beautiful view").
History
At Meudon, the argile plastique clay was extensively mined in the 19th century. The first fossil of the European diatryma Gastornis parisiensis was discovered in these deposits by Gaston Planté.
Archaeological sites show that Meudon has been populated since Neolithic times.
The Gauls called the area Mol-Dum (sand dune), and the Romans Latinized the name as Moldunum.
The handsome Galliera Institutions, on the hill of Fleury, were founded by the duchess of Galliera for the care of aged persons and orphans. The buildings were completed in 1885.
The old castle of Meudon was rebuilt in Renaissance style in the mid-sixteenth century. It was bought by Louis XIV as a residence for his son Louis, the Dauphin under whom Meudon became a center of aristocratic life. After the death of the Dauphin in 1711, the château was neglected, emptied in the Revolutionary sales, and finally burned in 1871 at the close of the Franco-Prussian War, while it was occupied by Prussian soldiers. A branch of the Paris Observatory was founded on the ruins in 1877. The Meudon town hall is about in altitude above that of Paris and the climb from there to the observatory offers some rewarding views of Paris.
Automotive pioneering
Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot, the inventor of the 'world's first automobile', is reported to have carried out some early trials at Meudon in the early 1770s.
Pioneering aviation
Chalais-Meudon was important in the pioneering of aviation, initially balloons and airships, but also the early heavier-than-air machines. A Corps d'Aérostatiers under the command of Jean-Marie-Joseph Coutelle was established in 1794, its balloons being used at the Battle of Fleurus. 'Hangar Y' (at ) was built in 1880 at the request of the military engineer Captain Charles Renard (1847–1905), for the construction of balloons and airships. The building is long, wide and around high. The airship La France, designed by Renard and Arthur Krebs, was built in Hangar Y in 1884 and was the first airship which was controllable during flight and which could return to its starting point.
Population
Economy
Although a choice residential district, access to the railway (RER) and the Seine river have made Meudon a manufacturing center since the 1840s. Metal products and military explosives have been continuously produced there since then.
Scientific facilities
In addition to the Observatory, what is today ONERA, a national aerospace research institute and wind tunnel has been present since the military opened its aerostatic (lighter-than-air) field in the Chalais park in 1877. From 1921 to 1981 the Air Museum was located here until it moved to Le Bourget Airport.
CNRS has a campus in Bellevue.
Public transport
Meudon is well served by public transport operated jointly by the SNCF and the RATP.
Réseau Express Régional (RER) – Line C
Meudon is served by line C of the RER by Meudon – Val Fleury station.
Transilien – Line N
Meudon is also served by the Transilien Line N through Meudon station and Bellevue station.
Tramway – T2 and T6
The T2 tramway line links Pont de Bezons station to Porte de Versailles station. It stops by La Défense. Meudon is served by Brimborion and Meudon-sur-Seine stations.
The T6 tramway line runs from Châtillon to Viroflay. Meudon is served by Georges Millandy and Meudon la Forêt stations.
Buses
Meudon is served by twelve lines of the RATP bus network, that have numerous stops in the city:
Line 162 runs from Arceuil – Cachan RER station to Villejuif Louis Aragon.
Line 169 runs from Pont de Sèvres to the Georges Pompidou hospital.
Line 179 runs from Pont de Sèvres to the Robinson RER station.
Line 190 runs from Petit Clamart to Mairie d'Issy.
Line 289 runs from Porte de Saint-Cloud to Clamart – Cité de la Plaine.
Line 290 runs from Le Plessis-Robinson to Issy-Val-de-Seine.
Line 291 runs from Pont de Sèvres to Vélizy Europe Sud.
Line 379 runs from Vélizy 2 to Antony – La Croix de Berny RER station.
Line 389 runs from Pont de Sèvres to Meudon-la-Forêt.
Line 390 runs from Vélizy Villacoublay to the Bourg-la-Reine RER station.
The area was once served by the Bellevue funicular, a model of which is in the local Museum of Art and History.
Education
Public schools:
Three groups of preschools and elementary schools
Nine standalone preschools
Six standalone public elementary schools
Three junior high schools: Collège Armande Béjart, Collège Bel Air, Collège Rabelais
Two senior high schools: Lycée Rabelais and Lycée des métiers Les Côtes de Villebon
Private schools:
One junior and senior high school Institut Notre-Dame
One elementary school through junior high school
Three preschools-elementary schools
International relations
Meudon is twinned with:
Brezno, Slovakia
Celle, Germany
Ciechanów, Poland
Mazkeret Batia, Israel
Rushmoor, England, United Kingdom
Woluwe-Saint-Lambert, Belgium
Personalities
Émilie Ambre, the French opera singer, lived on an estate in Meudon bought for her by her then-lover William III of the Netherlands in 1877
Madame de Pompadour lived in the Château de Bellevue, built for her by Louis XV in 1750; it was demolished in 1823.
Sculptor Auguste Rodin's villa "des Brillants", now a museum of his art, is located here, as is his grave.
Grand Duke Boris Vladimirovich of Russia lived here in exile in Château Sans-Souci (in Bellevue), from 1920.
Richard Wagner was a resident (No. 27 Av. du Château), and here composed The Flying Dutchman.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline lived here until his death, and is buried in Cimetière Longs Réages, Bas Meudon.
The 20th-century French lawyer and Islamologist Georges-Henri Bousquet (1900–1978) was born in Meudon.
Painter May Alcott lived here until her death.
Jean Robiquet, art historian and curator was born in Meudon 6 July 1874.
The artist Jean Metzinger lived and worked in Meudon from around 1911, during some of the crucial years of Cubism.
The painter Gwen John lived in Meudon from 1911 until just before her death in 1939.
Artists Jean Arp and Sophie Taeuber-Arp were resident here from 1929 to 1940. Their neighbours were the artist and architect Theo van Doesburg and his wife Nelly.
The town has a monument to Rabelais who died here as canon of Meudon, where he held the benefice from 1551 to 1552.
Charle-Michel Marle, mathematician, born in 1934, has lived in Meudon since 1970.
Jean-Luc Marion was born in 1946.
Clémence Poésy, French actress attended the bilingual alternative school La Source, Meudon, and is best known for her portrayal of Fleur Delacour in the Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire movie.
Lionel Jospin, former France prime minister, was born here.
André Kertész, photographer legend, took a famous photo of the train viaduct in Meudon.
Marcel Dupré, perhaps the most famous French organist of the 20th century, lived and worked in Meudon. He transformed his home into a small concert hall; the current owners of the home still hold public concerts there.
Nicolas Isimat-Mirin, footballer
Gregoire Defrel, footballer
Souleymane Doukara, footballer
Adama Soumare, footballer
Jean-Paul Sartre grew up at his maternal grandfather's house in Meudon, as recounted in his memoir The Words
George Simeon Papadopoulos, OBE, Professor of History, Dep. Director of Education Department of OECD (1925–2012)
See also
Communes of the Hauts-de-Seine department
A statue of François Rabelais by Georges Saupique stands in front of the Meudon town hall. François Rabelais was the parish priest of Meudon from 1551 to 1553
Chateau de Meudon
References
External links
Ville de Meudon website
Le musée de Meudon
Observatoire de Paris (Paris Observatory)
Communes of Hauts-de-Seine
Hauts-de-Seine communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Albiges-Mablep Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Iwam
02. Jikunumbu
03. Kulunge
04. Gongiora
05. Apangai
06. Ami
07. Amahup
08. Wamsak / Amom (Abu' Arapesh language speakers)
09. Supari
10. Gwoingwon
11. Dahabiga
12. Kwelikum
13. Walahuta
14. Ningalimbi
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Tom Delaney may refer to:
Tom Delaney (racing driver) (1911-2006), British sportsman and industrialist
Tom Delaney (songwriter), American blues and jazz songwriter, pianist and singer
See also
Thomas Delaney, Danish footballer
Thomas A. Delaney, American lawyer and politician
This is a list of defunct airlines of Australia.
See also
List of airlines of Australia
List of airports in Australia
References
Further reading
Australia
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Night Flight is an album by composer, arranger and conductor Gil Fuller featuring saxophonist James Moody recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Pacific Jazz label. The album was rereleased on CD combined with Gil Fuller & the Monterey Jazz Festival Orchestra featuring Dizzy Gillespie (Pacific Jazz, 1965) on the Blue Note label as Gil Fuller & the Monterey Jazz Festival Orchestra featuring Dizzy Gillespie & James Moody in 2008.
Track listing
All compositions by Gil Fuller except as indicated
"Tin Tin Deo" (Gil Fuller, Chano Pozo) - 2:53
"I'm in the Mood for Love" (Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh) - 3:36
"Night Flight" (Johnny Mangus) - 3:02
"Our Man Flint" (Jerry Goldsmith) - 3:01
"Seesaw" - 3:36
"Batucada Surgiu" (Marcos Valle, Paulo Sergio Valle) - 2:25
"17-Mile Drive" - 4:11
"A Patch of Blue" (Goldsmith) - 2:41
"Latin Lady" - 5:36
"Blues for a Debutante" - 2:34
"Sweets for My Sweet" (Doc Pomus, Mort Shuman) - 2:50
"Wild Chestnuts" (Bill Hood) - 2:20
Personnel
Gil Fuller - arranger, conductor
James Moody - flute, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone
Gabe Baltazar, Bill Green - alto saxophone
Ira Schulman, Clifford Scott - tenor saxophone
Bill Hood - baritone saxophone
Conte Candoli, Chuck Foster, Melvin Moore, Al Porcino, Jimmy Zito - trumpet
Sam Cassano, Alan Robinson, Gale Robinson - French horn
Lou Blackburn - trombone
Bob Enevoldsen - valve trombone
Ernie Tack - bass trombone
Mike Wofford - piano
George Samper - organ
Chuck Berghofer - bass
Chuck Flores - drums
Francisco Aguabella - percussion
References
Pacific Jazz Records albums
Gil Fuller albums
James Moody (saxophonist) albums
1966 albums
Albums arranged by Gil Fuller
Albums conducted by Gil Fuller
Ludab () may refer to:
Ludab District
Ludab Rural District
HZA may refer to:
Horizon Airlines (Australia), ICAO code HZA
Hogere Zeevaartschool Amsterdam, professional education for maritime officers at the Hogeschool van Amsterdam
, German for "Central Customs Office"
Admiral Louis Rodolph de Steiguer (March 18, 1867 – April 20, 1947) was an officer in the U.S. Navy. He was Commander of the U.S. Battle Fleet from 1927 to 1928.
Early career
Born in Athens, Ohio, on March 18, 1867, to Judge Rodolph de Steiguer and Mary Carpenter de Steiguer, he was descended from Judge Silvanus Ames, a prominent citizen of southern Ohio. He was appointed to the U.S. Naval Academy from Ohio in 1885. Graduating in 1889, he served his naval cadet cruise aboard the new steel cruiser , which sailed with the Squadron of Evolution to Europe, the Mediterranean and Brazil, before returning to New York in 1890.
He was commissioned ensign on July 1, 1891, and served in various assignments ashore and afloat, including tours aboard the and aboard the during the Spanish–American War. Promoted to lieutenant commander in 1905, he was Supervisor of New York Harbor from December 9, 1905, to August 30, 1906; was in charge of the Fifth Lighthouse District in 1911; commanded the through 1913; was acting commandant of the Norfolk Naval Shipyard from September 25, 1914, to January 4, 1915; and commanded the battleship in 1916.
During World War I he served as chief of staff of the Third Naval District before reporting as captain of the battleship , which was stationed with the American dreadnought squadron operating with the British Grand Fleet. After the war, de Steiguer was Hydrographer of the Navy from July 1921 to December 1921. Promoted to rear admiral, he was commander of the First Naval District, including the Portsmouth Navy Yard, from June 1923 to 1925.
Fleet command
In June 1925, de Steiguer returned to sea as Commander Battleship Division Four (COMBATDIV 4), with flagship , and the following summer he was promoted to temporary vice admiral as Commander Battleship Divisions, Battle Fleet (COMBATDIVS), with flagship . On September 10, 1927, de Steiguer assumed the temporary rank of full admiral as Commander in Chief Battle Fleet, United States Fleet, with the flagship .
Following his tour as Battle Fleet commander, de Steiguer "fleeted down" to his permanent rank of rear admiral and served as commandant, Brooklyn Navy Yard from July 2, 1928, to March 18, 1931. He retired in 1932.
Legacy
He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for his World War I service as chief of staff of the Third Naval District and as captain of the Arkansas. The oceanographic research ship is named for him. He became a member of the Ohio University chapter of Phi Delta Theta in 1887.
De Steiguer was a legendary disciplinarian and martinet. His flag secretary, future four-star admiral and chief of naval operations Robert B. Carney, described de Steiguer as a tremendously ambitious man with a "lousy disposition". Captains of other ships in the division would consult Carney to gauge de Steiguer's mood before approaching him. Carney recalled his own association with de Steiguer as fraught with "constant pressure, irascibility, criticism, and unpleasantness". Carney eventually marched into de Steiguer's cabin, snapped, "Admiral, I just want to tell you I think you are a goddamn rotten son of a bitch," and stormed out. After failing to retrieve Carney via Marine orderly, de Steiguer visited Carney's cabin in person, said, "Sonny, you've been working too hard. You and I are going ashore," and took Carney on an epic drinking binge. Carney ultimately concluded that his three years with de Steiguer had been a valuable experience, but not one he would have chosen to repeat.
De Steiguer died in Washington D.C. on April 20, 1947. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery with his wife, the former Katharine Constable. They had no children. His funeral instructions made two requests of his former flag secretary: that Carney lead the funeral cortege, and that he have de Steiguer buried with his hindquarters facing the Pentagon. Carney honored both requests.
Dates of rank
Midshipman – March 17, 1885
Passed Midshipman – 1889
Ensign – July 1, 1891
Lieutenant (junior grade) – November 22, 1898
Lieutenant – March 3, 1899
Lieutenant-Commander – July 1, 1905
Commander –
Captain –
Rear Admiral –
Vice Admiral – summer 1926
Admiral – September 10, 1927
References
United States Navy admirals
United States Naval Academy alumni
American people of Dutch descent
1867 births
1947 deaths
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Louis
Paralowie is a suburb in the north of Adelaide, South Australia, 21.4 km north of the Adelaide city centre. It is predominantly a residential suburb.
History
Settlement of the area dates from the late 19th century, with land used predominantly for market gardens and farms. Significant development did not occur until the post World War II years. Rapid growth occurred from the 1980s through to the mid-1990s. The population increased marginally between 2001 and 2006, a result of new dwellings being added to the area.
Places of significance
Burton Primitive Methodist Cemetery
Located on Bolivar Road, Paralowie, the now-closed cemetery is the only reminder of the Burton Methodist Church (used to stand by the side of Burton Road), built-in 1915, closed in 1950 and later demolished, and now marked with a memorial stone. An earlier church built in June 1858 also existed here and was used as a school until the 1950s.
The first burial was that of George Diment, aged 10 years in December 1866; burials continued until 1957, after which there was a substantial gap until the last burial in April 1971. Attempts have been made to restore the vandalised headstones in the cemetery because it is a site of historical significance.
Settler's Court
The former farmhouse located at 8 Settlers Court, Paralowie is listed as a State Heritage Place on the South Australian Heritage Register, because the Burdett family who lived on the property, who both developed a cattle stud and influenced local affairs. Also known as Judd's Homestead. It is reported as being "an important example of the larger pastoral properties that characterised the region prior to the urban development after World War Two."
Paralowie House and grounds
The villa located at 94 Waterloo Corner Road which was built in 1894, is listed both as a State Heritage Place on the South Australian Heritage Register and on the former Register of the National Estate. It is historically representative of the time which Salisbury North had not yet been incorporated into the Adelaide metropolitan area, but instead was home to a number of larger estates in what was still a semi-rural environment. It is an example of popular late 19th century architecture and is still in excellent condition. The house was often used for bonfires and gatherings during the Boer war. The premises are now used for a Commonwealth funded youth homelessness early intervention program run by the UnitingCare Wesley church.
Footnotes
References
Suburbs of Adelaide
Uragi (; Dargwa: Урагъи) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Uraginsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 319 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Uragi is located 25 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzilebki and Urtsaki are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
This article lists the tallest buildings in Greensboro, North Carolina above 150 feet. The tallest building in Greensboro is the Lincoln Financial Building since completion in 1990. The second tallest building in Greensboro is the Wells Fargo Tower. It was the tallest building in Greensboro from 1989-1990.
Tallest buildings
Timeline of the tallest buildings
See also
List of the tallest buildings in North Carolina
List of the tallest buildings in Raleigh, North Carolina
List of the tallest buildings in Durham, North Carolina
List of the tallest buildings in Winston-Salem
List of the tallest buildings in Charlotte, North Carolina
References
Buildings and structures in Greensboro, North Carolina
Greensboro
Tallest in Greensboro
Aghuz Koti or Aghuzkati () may refer to:
Aghuz Koti, Amol
Aghuz Koti, Nur
Aghuz Koti, Ramsar
Aghuz Koti, Tonekabon
Qaleh Now-ye Mehdiabad (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-ye Mehdīābād; also known as Mahdīābād and Mehdīābād-e Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 249, in 59 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1908 Washington gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 1908. Republican nominee Samuel G. Cosgrove defeated Democratic nominee John Pattison with 62.56% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on September 8, 1908.
Democratic primary
Candidates
John Pattison, Mayor of Colfax
A.J. Splawn
William Blackman
Jimmie Durkin
Patrick S. Byrne
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Samuel G. Cosgrove, attorney
Albert E. Mead, incumbent Governor
Henry McBride, former Governor
John D. Atkinson
William M. Ridpath
Robert B. Brown
Oscar H. Neil
J.W. Robinson
Results
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Samuel G. Cosgrove, Republican
John Pattison, Democratic
Other candidates
George Boomer, Socialist
Arthur S. Caton, Prohibition
Results
References
1908
Washington
Gubernatorial
Spoof, spoofs, spoofer, or spoofing may refer to:
Forgery of goods or documents
Semen, in Australian slang
Spoof (game), a guessing game
Spoofing (finance), a disruptive algorithmic-trading tactic designed to manipulate markets
Culture
A type of satire, specifically a parody, in which an original work is made fun of by creating a similar but altered work.
Spoof film (aka parody film), a cinematographic genre
Spoofing (anti-piracy measure), a technique to curb unlawful online downloading
Science and technology
Biometric spoofing, fooling a biometric identification device
DLL spoofing, using an insecure DLL loading routine to load a malicious DLL file
Networking and communications
Protocol spoofing, a technique to increase performance in data communications
Spoofing attack, the falsifying of data on a telecommunications network
ARP spoofing
Caller ID spoofing
E-mail spoofing
IP address spoofing
MAC spoofing
Referrer spoofing
SMS spoofing
Spoofed URL
Website spoofing
See also
Meaconing, the interception and rebroadcast of navigation signals
The 1999–2000 SM-liiga season was the 25th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and TPS Turku won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
TPS - Ilves 3:0 (6:3, 7:1, 4:3 P)
HPK - Blues 3:1 (5:2, 3:4 P, 8:1, 4:1)
Tappara - HIFK 1:3 (1:3, 2:3 P, 5:3, 4:5)
Lukko - Jokerit 1:3 (1:0, 2:3 P, 0:1, 1:3)
Semifinals
TPS - HIFK 3:1 (4:5, 3:1, 6:1, 4:2)
HPK - Jokerit 0:3 (3:4 P, 0:7, 3:4)
3rd place
HPK - HIFK 5:2
Final
TPS - Jokerit 3:1 (4:2, 4:1, 2:3, 2:1)
Qualification
1st round
2nd round
External links
SM-liiga official website
1999–2000 in Finnish ice hockey
Finnish
Liiga seasons
Abon (Abõ) is a Tivoid language of Nigeria.
Phonology
Long Consonants Chart
Vowel Chart of Abon Language
References
Further reading
Ekpenyong, Moses & Udoinyang, Mfon & Urua, Eno-Abasi. (2009). A Robust Language Processor for African Tone Language Systems. Georgian Electronic Scientific Journal: Computer Science and Telecommunications. 623.
Languages of Cameroon
Tivoid languages
2-Me-DET, or 2-methyl-diethyltryptamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug. It is the 2-methyl analog of DET. 2-Me-DET was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin. In his book TiHKAL (Tryptamines I Have Known and Loved), the minimum dosage is listed as 80-120 mg, and the duration listed as 6–8 hours. 2-Me-DET produces pitch distortion, like that of DiPT. Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of 2-Me-DET.
See also
Tryptamine
Psychedelics, dissociatives and deliriants
External links
2-Me-DET Entry in TIHKAL
2-Me-DET Entry in TiHKAL • info
Psychedelic tryptamines
Diethylamino compounds
Robert Buckley (20 April 1931 – 6 March 2013), known as Bobby Buckley, was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club sides Clounmacon and Kenmare Shamrocks and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team.
Career
Buckley first played Gaelic football with the local Clounmacon club. He first came to prominence when he lined out for the University College Cork team that won the Sigerson Cup in 1953. This success opened the door for Buckley to line out with the Kerry senior football team and he made his debut during the 1953 Munster Championship. He won the first of three successive provincial championship medals that year. After defeat by Meath in the 1954 All-Ireland final, Buckley claimed a winners' medal after lining out as a substitute in Kerry's defeat of Dublin in the 1955 All-Ireland final.
Honours
University College Cork
Sigerson Cup: 1953
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1955
Leinster Senior Football Championship: 1953, 1954, 1955
References
External link
Bobby Buckley profile at the Terrace Talk website
1931 births
2013 deaths
UCC Gaelic footballers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Ottokee is an unincorporated community in Dover Township, Fulton County, Ohio, United States.
History
Chief Ottokee
Ottokee was founded in 1850 with the driving of stakes to mark the geographic center of Fulton County, Ohio, and originally given the name "Centre." The village was renamed shortly thereafter at the suggestion of Col. Dresden Howard to honor the Odawa Chief Ot-to-kee. Chief Ot-to-ke (or Ottokee) was the last Native American Chief to plead his peoples' case to remain on their native lands in Fulton County, but to no avail. Ottokee was the half brother of Chief Wauseon, who the city of Wauseon in Fulton County is named after.
County Seat
In early years consisted of a courthouse, a two-room schoolhouse (pictured), two taverns, a dry goods store, and a grocery store. The village became the first seat of justice for the county. The first courthouse, of wood frame construction, was built in 1851. In 1853, the first jail was built, of wood planks and spikes driven in the planks. Nobody ever escaped on account of the wooden construction. In 1865, a new brick courthouse was built.
However, the first railroads were being built through the county. The first, the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway, laid in 1853, bypassed Ottokee to the south, and anointed Wauseon as a commercial center. By 1869, the county residents had voted to move the county seat to Wauseon, Ohio, and the move was completed in 1872, when the first court session was held in the new Fulton County Courthouse.
A new historical museum/welcome center for the county, one that will replicate the architecture of the first wooden courthouse in Ottokee, is now being built across from the county fairgrounds.
Railroad
In 1895, the Lima Northern Railway Company was organized in Ohio. The LN built north from Lima through Napoleon and Wauseon, with a stop in Ottokee near the present county fairgrounds, then onto Oak Shade and Adrian, Michigan. In 1897, the railway changed to Detroit and Lima Northern Railway Company (D&LN), which subsequently became the Detroit, Toledo, and Ironton Railroad in 1905. After World War I, Henry Ford bought the DT&I railroad, and in 1925, built a new, faster track east of Ottokee, that passed through Delta, Ohio, relegating the DT&I railway serving Ottokee to a mere spur, which was slowly abandoned in the late 1950s. The old railway right-of-way paralleled Ohio State Route 108, just west of the highway.
Fulton County Fair
The Fulton County Fair was established in 1858.
Today, it hosts the Fulton County 9/11 Memorial, which was erected in 2013.
Grange
Ottokee was the site of another agricultural establishment, the National Grange of the Order of Patrons of Husbandry, more commonly known as the Grange. Grange No. 273, was one of several Granges in Fulton County. Ottokee's Grange was started in 1874. It is listed as one of "State and Local Agricultural Associations of the United States" in an 1898 directory published by the United States Interstate Commerce Commission. E. P. Ames of Ottokee and Harmon Gasche of Tedrow were listed in as President and Secretary respectively. In 1928, the US Congress recorded that Ottokee Grange No. 273 had resolved to clean up European corn borer.
Fulton County Home
Fulton County's first tax supported home for the dependent came in 1874 after the moving of the county seat from Ottokee to Wauseon. In March of that year the government buildings at Ottokee were turned over by the Country Commissioners to three new infirmary directors, who were James Riddle, Robert Lewis, and O.A. Cobb. The work of making necessary changes, specifically the court house, began at once. A contract of 296 acres in the vicinity was purchased, a commodious barn built, and a county farm established. The new infirmary was ready for occupancy on May 1, 1874. It was thought that in time the cultivation of land would make the institution nearly self-sustaining.
Twenty years later the main building of the County Home was erected at a cost of $20,000-$40,000 (the amounts are in dispute). It was a three-story structure with 13 foot high ceilings and broad stairways that was regarded as modern at the time. It was opened for occupancy on New Years Day, 1894. An insane ward was provided for patients considered "harmless and incurable."
An additional building was erected adjacent to and east of the main structure, and served in turn as a jail, a storage building, a residence for farmworkers, and a hospital serving residents of the Home. A small cemetery plot lies south east of the home, with unmarked graves for past residents.
Superintendents of the Fulton County Home included O.B. Verity (1874), John Wittaker, S.S. Atkinson, Charles Harmen, H.B. Smith, W.S. Egnew, B.J. Jones, and Harold and Leah Guilford. The last of the superintendents were Mr. and Mrs. Burrell Turpening.
The Fulton County Home served dependents for 101 years, until its residents were moved to Detwiler Manor in nearby Wauseon, Ohio in 1975. The structure was demolished circa 1993.
Airport
The Fulton County Airport, KUSE was established on the north border of Ottokee in 1967. It is now the site of a cluster of government functions, including the Dog Warden and the Fulton County Highway Department.
Monument to Women
On the grounds of the Fulton County Home was erected an obelisk as a notable and unusual monument to women in wartime. It is inscribed on three of its four faces, reading in succession
To the memory of the loyal women of fulton county in all wars
Erected by Allen Shadle and Ann Shadle in token memory of Joseph A. Shadle their son
The first four lines of the poem "The Bravest Battle that Ever was Fought" by Joaquin Miller
The date on which the obelisk was put in place is uncertain.
Government
Ottokee is unincorporated and is governed by the trustees of Dover Township
References
External links
Ottokee Cemetery
Colonel Dresden Winfield Huston (D.W.H.) Howard
Unincorporated communities in Fulton County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Sonoma Botanical Garden (formerly Quarryhill Botanical Garden) is a 501(c)3 private nonprofit education and research botanical garden, home to one of the largest collections of scientifically documented, wild-source Asian plants in North America and Europe.
The Asian garden is primarily species from temperate China, Japan and the Himalayas, with more than 90 percent of its species grown from wild-collected, scientifically documented seed. The collection includes rare varieties such as Acer pentaphyllum, Cornus capitata, Holboellia coriacea, Illicium simonsii, and Rosa chinensis var. spontanea, all native to Sichuan. It also has many Asian dogwoods, lilies, magnolias, maples, oaks, roses, and rhododendrons.
History
The Sonoma Botanical Garden property was originally a sandstone quarry that previously produced road foundation stone. The quarry became inactive circa 1902.
In 1964, the Nuns Canyon Fire burned more than 10,000 acres in the Mayacamas Mountains above Glen Ellen, CA.
In 1968, San Francisco resident Jane Davenport Jansen purchased forty-plus acres northeast of Glen Ellen, CA for a summer home. In 1970 she planted cabernet vineyards on the valley floor of the property.
In 1982, Jane began to consider the uncultivated parts of the property inspired by a partnership with Roger Warner. After a flood around Jane's house in 1982, Jane was introduced to Roger who redesigned the landscape reminiscent of an English garden with a selection of California native plants and rarities from China. In 1985, a landscape partnership between Jane and Roger was formed and plans for a 25-acre hillside botanical garden began.
In 1987, Jane sponsored the first collecting expedition to Asia. In that year, the relationship between her and Roger Warner suddenly dissolved and Lord Howick of the Howick Arboretum helped Jane refocus her vision for the Garden. They planned for a conservation of rare and endangered Asian species.
In 1988, cooperative expeditions with the Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew Gardens, and the Howick Arboretum began. The property was named Quarryhill Botanical Garden and a small nursery was established to cultivate the wild-collected seeds. Planting began in 1990. Preserving these threatened species and celebrating biodiversity was the foundation for the Garden's mission.
Jansen appointed William A. McNamara Director in 1994 and he became Executive Director in 2007. In 1998, an additional 22-acres, Three Springs Ranch, was purchased.
In 2000, Jane died suddenly at the age of 60. In 2002, the Garden opened to the general public (previously open only to private tours).
In 2003, the Garden developed a multi-institutional online database (DAPC) to share information about the rare and endangered Asian plants both at the Garden and in the larger botanical community.
In 2017, the Nuns fire burned three sides of adjacent property to the Garden. Aside from a few scorched fenceposts and lost vines, the Garden was unscathed.
In 2021, Quarryhill Botanical Garden became Sonoma Botanical Garden and expanded its mission to include California native plants.
Seed-collecting expeditions
From its founding in 1987 through 2017, staff of the Garden went on annual expeditions to collect seeds and herbarium specimens from the following Asian regions: Hubei, Sichuan, Taiwan, Tibet, Yunnan; India - Himachal Pradesh; Japan - Hokkaidō, Honshū, Kyūshū, Shikoku, Yakushima; and Nepal. A few other expeditions collected in North America. The Garden has also received wild-collected seed courtesy of Index Seminum publications from Japan, Taiwan and South Korea, as well as Asian seed and plants from North American gardens.
The Garden's collection of includes approximately 25,000 wild origin plants, representing over 2,000 individual species. Most of these planting took place annually beginning in 1990. Some of the Garden's plants are available for sale in the Garden's Gift Shop.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
External links
Plant Hunting expeditions
Botanical gardens in California
Parks in Sonoma County, California
Sonoma Valley
Tourist attractions in Sonoma County, California
1968 establishments in California
Woodland gardens
Phyllis D. Thompson (born October 1, 1952) is a Senior associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Biography
Thompson was born and raised in Washington, D.C. After earning a bachelor's degree in anthropology from George Washington University in 1974, she studied religion at Princeton University. She received her J.D. degree with high honors from George Washington University Law School in 1981. She then joined the law firm Covington & Burling, where she became the first African-American woman partner in 1989.
In 2006, Thompson was appointed to the D.C. Court of Appeals by President George W. Bush. Her term as Associate Judge expired on September 4, 2021.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
21st-century American women
African-American judges
African-American women lawyers
African-American lawyers
Columbian College of Arts and Sciences alumni
George Washington University Law School alumni
Judges of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
People associated with Covington & Burling
People from Washington, D.C.
Princeton University alumni
21st-century women judges
Thomas Vincent Bollard (16 October 1890 – 18 March 1920) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Career
Bollard, a North Melbourne Junior, started at South Melbourne in the 1914 VFL season. He debuted in round 13 as a replacement for Dick Mullaly as South Melbourne's centreman and performed well enough that he kept that position when Mullaly returned. It was as a centreman that he lined up for South Melbourne in the 1914 VFL Grand Final against Carlton, before he got injured and was forced to play the rest of the game as a forward. In the final moments, with South Melbourne behind by six points, Jim Caldwell kicked the ball towards Bollard who looked set to take a mark in front of the goal posts, before Carlton's Ernie Jamieson took a game saving mark by springing onto the South Melbourne player's back. The marking contest was deemed by the umpire to have been fair, a view endorsed by the match report in The Australasian. Carlton held on to win by the one goal margin.
In 1915, Bollard made nine league appearances for South Melbourne, in a season which included a stint on the sidelines when he was found guilty of "slinging" Carlton player Ted Brown during South Melbourne's round 11 loss at Princes Park. He returned in round 18, the final round of the season.
After missing the entire 1916 VFL season, Bollard returned to the side midway through the 1917 season, by now playing as a defender. His final appearance for South Melbourne was that year's semi final loss to Collingwood.
Death
Bollard died on 18 March 1920, aged 29, in an industrial accident at a skin store on Queen Street in West Melbourne. He had been crushed by a 342 lb bale, which was dropped from a second floor chute.
References
External links
1890 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sydney Swans players
Industrial accident deaths
Accidental deaths in Victoria (Australia)
1920 deaths
Senator Edmonds may refer to:
Beth Edmonds (born 1950), Maine State Senate
John W. Edmonds (1799–1874), New York State Senate
Bokaro steelworker's Union is a union of workers of Bokaro Steel Plant, Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand. It was founded by Veteran Trade Unionist and former Chief Minister of Undivided Bihar Bindeshwari Dubey in the year 1963, of which he was its first President. Later he made INTUC President Michael John its president and he himself became its secretary. It is affiliated to ITUC affiliated Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC).
History
Bindeshwari Dubey was the tallest leader of Bokaro steelworker's Union. He was 6 times MLA, one time Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MP from each house, variously Minister in Bihar and Central Government and State's Chief Minister. During the low popularity of former PM Indira Gandhi, after the emergency, Dubey kept a meeting in the Union office of BSWU in Sector 3, Bokaro, in 1979 in which she was a chief guest. The city had seen the largest record crowd to date. Dubey was variously Union's president and Secretary from its formation until his death on 20 January 1993 (for 30 years continuously). He was its unanimous leader. Its other prominent leaders' names are H.C.L. Shrivastava, Parmanand Tripathi and Chandrashekhar Dubey.
Presidents and Secretaries of Bokaro steelworker's Union (BSWU)
Controversy
In the year 1985 when Union's President Bindeshwari Dubey became Chief Minister of Undivided Bihar he left to Patna, its Working President Parmanand Tripathi and Secretary H.C.L. Shrivastava started fighting to capture the union and its office situated in sector-3 of Bokaro. Consequently, the matter went to court and the office was locked. Then H.C.L. Shrivastava made his other group of the union with the same name and claimed his group as a real Bokaro steelworker's Union (BSWU) in August 1990 claiming Parmanand Tripathi had made a fake list of office bearers. Both considered Dubey as their leaders but he had to be on one side so he chose Tripathi.
One more incident took place when Virendra Choubey made his own group to separate himself from Chandrashekhar Dubey. Both claimed their Union as the real one.New reg.bokaro steelworkers union 275 /15/06/2021new jharkhand,1034/62 Bihar
References
Trade unions in India
Rob Graafland (26 November 1875 – 28 April 1940) was a Dutch painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1875 births
1940 deaths
20th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Maastricht
20th-century Dutch male artists
Suhaim bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani (; 1933 – 21 August 1985) was a member of the ruling family of Qatar who served as the country's foreign minister. His brother, Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani, was the emir of Qatar.
Career
Sheikh Suhaim was appointed minister of foreign affairs in 1972. He served in the post until his death on 21 August 1985.
He had a great deal of participation, particularly in political, humanitarian, social and cultural activities.
In 1985, he plotted a coup against his brother Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani after he learned that Khalifa had named his own son, Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, as the heir. He had his own cache of weapons and maintained a cadre of supporters in northern Qatar. After Suhaim died suddenly of a heart attack in August 1985, his sons blamed Ghanim Al Kuwari, the minister of information and culture, for not responding promptly to his calls for medical attention. They were imprisoned after they attempted to assassinate Al Kuwari.
Legacy
In 2008 a fellowship fund was established at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government for the memory of Suhaim bin Hamad Al Thani.
Children
He had nine sons and five daughters from the same wife, Muna bint Jassim Al Hassan Al Dosari.
Daughters
Muna bint Suhaim
Rudha bint Suhaim
Amna bint Suhaim
Al Anoud bint Suhaim
Muneera bint Suhaim
References
External links
althani tree
1933 births
1985 deaths
Foreign ministers of Qatar
Suhaim bin Hamad
Frank Woodworth Hazelbaker (August 5, 1912 – March 16, 1990) was an American politician in the state of Montana who served in the Montana House of Representatives and Montana State Senate. He was Speaker pro tempore of the House in 1945 and the Speaker of the House in 1963. His father, Frank A. Hazelbaker was a Lieutenant Governor of Montana, and his maternal grandfather, George E. Woodworth served in the Montana House of Representatives.
References
1912 births
1990 deaths
Montana Republicans
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Speakers of the Montana House of Representatives
Montana state senators
People from Dillon, Montana
Politicians from Missoula, Montana
20th-century American politicians
People from Ronan, Montana
Jean Baptiste de Champaigne (10 December 1631, in Brussels – 27 October 1681, in Paris), was a Flemish Baroque painter and teacher.
Biography
According to the Netherlands Institute for Art History (RKD), he was the nephew of Philippe de Champaigne who moved to Paris to become his pupil in 1643. In 1658 he undertook a trip to Italy to copy the works of Raphael and Titian. When he returned he became a member of the Brussels Guild of Saint Luke, and in 1671 he accepted a post as teacher in the prestigious Académie de peinture et de sculpture in Paris.
According to Houbraken he was very fortunate to have survived longer than Philippe's own children so that he was brought up like a true son.
References
External links
1627 births
1679 deaths
Flemish Baroque painters
Artists from Brussels
Painters from Brussels
Biedesheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Donnersbergkreis
The redthroat (Pyrrholaemus brunneus) is a small, mostly ground-dwelling species of bird in the family Acanthizidae. It is endemic to Australia, occurring mostly in arid and semi-arid areas containing acacia and chenopod shrublands. The species has a distinctive red throat patch and is able to mimic the calls of numerous other bird species.
Taxonomy
The first formal description of the redthroat was by the English ornithologist and bird artist John Gould in 1841 under the present binomial name Pyrrholaemus brunneus. The name of the genus Pyrrholaemus is from classical Greek meaning 'flame-coloured' or 'red' and for 'throat'. The specific epithet is modern Latin for 'brown'. The redthroat is a small passerine bird within the family Acanthizidae, also known as the Australasian warblers. The Acanthizidae were once regarded as a subfamily within the family Pardalotidae; although current revisions place the Acanthizidae in their own family, sister to the Pardalotidae. The species most closely related to the redthroat are the speckled warbler (Chthonicola sagittata), which was previously classified in the same genus as the redthroat (Pyrrholaemus), and the pilotbird (Pycnoptilus floccosus). Recent phylogenetic studies have found that this clade of species (Pyrrholaemus-Chthonicola-Pyncnoptilus) is sister to the heathwrens and fieldwrens (Hylacola-Calamanthus).
Description
A small shy greyish-brown bird, the redthroat is most often seen swiftly darting through low branches and shrubs or hopping mouse-like on the ground. Only adult males have the distinctive small, rusty-brown throat patch, which gives the species its common name and the absence of which makes the identification of females and juveniles more difficult. The upper part of the head, body, wings, and tail are a dark brownish-grey, particularly dark on the rump and tail. While the underbody is predominantly whitish-grey, with a more whitish belly and pale buff colour blending into the flanks and undertail-coverts. The tail has prominent white patches on the tips of the outer feathers, which can be seen during flight and with the tail folded. Fine off-white scalloping is visible on the forehead, with off-white eye rings and lores merging into the lighter underparts of the body. It may be confused with some thornbill species, which are more compact with a shorter tail than the redthroat. It is unlikely to be mistaken for fieldwrens or heathwrens, which have a more strongly upturned tail at rest.
The melodious call, similar to that of a canary, has sustained warbling and loud cheery notes. In addition to its own calls, the redthroat is able to mimic the calls of numerous other birds, including the pied butcherbird, rufous fieldwren, grey fantail, fairywrens, and thornbills. The redthroat has even been known to mimic the non-vocal sound of whistling wingbeats made by a crested pigeon in flight. Although both sexes call throughout the year, during the breeding season male calls are more sustained. The species is vocal when foraging and will also sing while perched atop shrubs and taller trees.
Distribution
The redthroat is endemic to mainland Australia, occurring in all states and territories, except the Australian Capital Territory and Tasmania. The species is most prevalent in Western Australia and South Australia. It has a widespread but scattered distribution throughout most of South Australia. In Western Australia, the species is not present in the far north or the south-east, but is prevalent throughout the mid-latitudes of the state. In the Northern Territory, the species is restricted to the south of the state, around the Simpson Desert and the MacDonnell Ranges. In Queensland, the species is restricted to inland south-western regions. In Victoria, the species is restricted to the mallee regions in the northwest of the state. In New South Wales, the species is only known to occur in the far west, in several core populations, including Broken Hill, Tibooburra, Penarie and Nearie Lake Nature Reserve.
The species is thought to be mostly sedentary, with no evidence to suggest seasonal migration. Individuals recaptured after banding have all been found within of the banding site.
Habitat
The habitat of the redthroat consists primarily of arid and semi-arid regions of inland Australia, but it also occupies some coastal areas, as well as plains and rangelands. Communities it favours are most often acacia and chenopod shrublands. These communities are usually characterised by an overstory of mulga (Acacia aneura), red mulga (A. cyperophylla), or lacewood (A. shirleyi) with an understory of saltbush (Atriplex spp.), bluebush (Chenopodium spp.) or emu bush (Eremophila spp.). However, in some areas the species is known to occur in mallee with a diverse understory, semi-arid woodlands, Banksia and tea tree thickets and shrublands with an overstory of white cypress. The consistent feature among these habitats appears to be the presence of a complex understory, which provides suitable foraging and nesting resources for this shy, mostly ground-dwelling species.
Diet and foraging behaviour
Redthroats are omnivores with a diet consisting of seeds from grasses and shrubs as well as a broad variety of invertebrates, such as spiders, insects, and gastropods. Observations of redthroat foraging behaviour found that the species predominantly forages at heights of less than 1m (73% of observations) and was not observed foraging at heights greater than 3m. This study found that redthroats feed mostly by pouncing on prey from the ground or gleaning in low vegetation, with very few instances of hunting on the wing. Another study of foraging behaviour found that all observations of foraging occurred on the ground (<0.1 m), using a combination of gleaning and probing.
Breeding and nesting
Breeding mostly occurs between June–December with some geographic variation in timing. Little is known about sexual behaviour, although the species appears to breed in pairs. Nests are relatively large for a bird of its size , often domed, spherical or domed with a round entrance near the top . They are usually constructed of bark strips and bark fibre, often lined with feathers, fur or soft plant material. Nests are located on or close to the ground among shrubs, grass tussocks, at the base of trees, in fallen logs or in small depressions. Two to four eggs are laid and the female is solely responsible for incubating the eggs. The redthroat and the closely related speckled warbler are the only members of the acanthizids that have a solid coloured chocolate-brown egg. Furthermore, the redthroat (and the speckled warbler) are the primary host species of some brood parasites, such as the black-eared cuckoo (Chrysococcyx osculans)and fan-tailed cuckoo (Cacomantis flabelliformis), which remove redthroat eggs from the nest and lay their own similar looking eggs.
Conservation status
Populations of redthroats have declined in many areas throughout Australia and the species is subject to many threatening processes. This has warranted its conservation listing in New South Wales and Victoria as follows:
The redthroat is listed as threatened on the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act (1988). Under this Act, an Action Statement for the recovery and future management of this species has not yet been prepared.
On the 2013 advisory list of threatened vertebrate fauna in Victoria, the redthroat is listed as endangered.
The redthroat is listed at vulnerable under the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act (1995)
In New South Wales, several threatening processes affecting redthroat populations have been formally identified, including the following:
Clearing of suitable vegetation communities can cause range contractions and isolate populations.
Overgrazing by feral herbivores, particularly goats, can cause habitat degradation and prevent habitat regeneration for the species.
The infestation of suitable habitat by the noxious environmental weed Mesquite also impacts habitat values and foraging resources.
Given that redthroats are predominantly ground-dwelling and nesting birds, they are also highly susceptible to predation by exotic predators, such as foxes and cats.
Although the species is not yet federally listed under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, the threatening processes listed above are present throughout most of the species distribution. The ongoing impacts of land clearing, noxious weeds, introduced herbivores, and introduced predators are likely to cause further declines throughout the species range, which may warrant further environmental protection measures.
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2006). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Pyrrholaemus
Endemic birds of Australia
Birds described in 1841
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lotfi Akalay (1943-2019), born in Tangier, was a Moroccan journalist, writer and businessman.
Early life
He was well-known for his articles in Al Bayane, La Vie Économique, Charlie Hebdo and Jeune Afrique. He also presented a radio-program on jazz and classical music (Radio Mediterranee Internationale).
Career
In 1996 he published his first novel Les nuits d´Azed and in 1998, Ibn Battouta, Pince des Voyageurs.
Akalay studied economy and political sciences in Paris, worked with Royal Air Maroc and ran a travel agency in Tangier. In 1990 he started to write for journals and magazines. In 2006 he published a collection of his chronicles in one book Les Nouvelles de Tanger.
Death
He died on 18 December 2019.
References
1943 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Moroccan businesspeople
Moroccan novelists
Moroccan male writers
Male novelists
People from Tangier
Celia Logan (December 17, 1837 – June 18, 1904) was an American actress, playwright, and writer, and a member of the Logan family of actors and writers. She became a correspondent of American journals and wrote for magazines. During the American Civil War, she resided in Milan, Italy, translating the war news for newspapers. Afterwards she settled in Washington D.C., where she became associate editor of The Capital. She wrote several dramas, including An American Marriage.
Early years and education
Celia Logan was born December 17, 1837, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Raised mostly in Cincinnati where her father Cornelius Ambrosius Logan ran the National Theatre, Connelly came from a theatrical family. Her father and older sister, Eliza, were already well-known actors when Celia first appeared on the stage in March 1852, at the Chestnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia.
In girlhood, Celia was a writer of verse. She graduated from a private academy.
Career
Her marriage to actor Conrad B. Clarke in December 1852 was ended by his death of consumption in November 1859. After a few years of acting, she travelled to Europe where she obtained a position reading manuscripts for a London publisher. While in London, she was acquainted with author Charles Reade, who encouraged her to write. On February 17, 1858, she married painter and art collector Miner Kilbourne Kellogg, more than 20 years her senior, in Paris. They had one child, Virginia Somers Kellogg, born April 25, 1860 in London. She became a London correspondent for several American newspapers. The Kellogg's returned to America after the Civil War and settled in Washington D.C., where they were divorced in December 1865. Miner Kellogg retained custody of their child.
Logan soon returned to London, where she returned to the stage in 1868. After acting for a few seasons, she returned to newspaper work and writing for American magazines. On December 21, 1872, she married James H. Connelly (1840-1903), a journalist, writer, and Theosophist. Moving to San Francisco, James became the editor of the Morning Chronicle while Celia became a correspondent for the New York Graphic and continued to write. While in San Francisco, Celia wrote her first plays (Rose and The Old Trick), which were produced with success in San Francisco and elsewhere. Returning to New York, she became an assistant editor at Belford's Magazine, a project of Abram S. Piatt and his brother Donn, who had earlier employed her at the Capital newspaper in Washington, DC. She also continued to write, as a journalist, as an author, and as a playwright. Her most successful plays were Gaston Cadol (an adaption from the French) and An American Marriage (1884) (later titled That Man). She had much success as a translator and adapter of French novels and plays. In addition to her original writing, she did much work as a translator from the French and Italian. Her first efforts in that field were made in converting American war news from English into Latin. Like her sister, Olive, she wrote of her experiences in the theatre, writing a series of articles entitled "These Our Actors" and also lecturing on the subject.
Logan was involved with the Ladies Lecture Bureau, an organization which organized lectures and events to raise awareness of and relief funds for the Irish famine. Logan helped organize a benefit at New York City's Grand Opera House January 22, 1880 with Cynthia Leonard; afterwards, the Bureau collapsed amid accusations by Logan and others that Leonard kept some of the money.
Celia Logan died in New York City, New York, June 18, 1904, of arteriosclerosis and a cerebral hemorrhage.
Selected works
The Elopement: A Story of the Confederate States of America (1863; as "L. Fairfax") novel
Rose: Or, The Mystery of the Deserted House (published 1874) play
A Marriage in High Life (1876) translation of novel by Octave Feuillet
The Odd Trick (1873) play
The Homestead (1873) play
An American Marriage (later That Man; 1884) play
Gaston Cadol (1888?) play; an adaption of the French play Jean Dacier by Charles Lomon
Her Strange Fate (1888) novel
Sarz, a Story of the Stage (1891) novel
How to Reduce Your Weight, or Increase It (1892)
Notes
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1837 births
1904 deaths
19th-century American dramatists and playwrights
19th-century American women writers
American women journalists
Actresses from Philadelphia
American women dramatists and playwrights
19th-century American translators
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
John Gleason may refer to:
John J. Gleason, American politician in Michigan
John S. Gleason Jr., American banker and government administrator
Jackie Gleason (John Herbert Gleason), American actor, comedian and writer
See also
John Gleeson (disambiguation)
Zarjan (, also Romanized as Zarjān; also known as Zarjūn and Zarqūn) is a village in Khafr Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,224, in 273 families.
References
Populated places in Jahrom County
Home Credit is an international non-bank, consumer finance group founded in 1997 in the Czech Republic.
Home credit may also refer to:
Home Credit & Finance Bank, a Russia's subsidiary of Home Credit Group B.V.
Home equity line of credit, a type of loan in which the borrower uses a home as collateral
Home Credit Bank, a bank in Kazakhstan, a Kazakhstan's subsidiary of Home Credit Group B.V.
Home Credit Bank, a bank in Belarus, a subsidiary of Home Credit Group B.V. Which was sold to Alfa Bank Group
Home credit, an alternative financial service in the UK.
Home Credit Arena
Manuel Becerra Bermúdez (20 October 1820 – 19 December 1896) was a Spanish politician, mathematician and revolutionary. A Republican who would later embrace monarchism, he went on to assume the ministerial portfolios of Overseas and Development during the Sexenio Democrático, returning for two additional spells as Overseas minister during the regency of Maria Christina of Austria.
Biography
Early life and revolutionary activity
Born in Santa María del Otero, Castro de Rey, province of Lugo, on 20 October 1820. Son to a math teacher, he did not complete studies in Engineering. He received however substantial teaching in Mathematics, Physics and Astronomy from and founded a reputed Academy of Mathematics in Madrid.
A defender of Republicanism in his early life, he took part in the , One of the founders of the Democratic–Progressive Party (best known as Democratic Party) in 1849, he also took part in the 1854 revolts, battling in the streets of Madrid, being arrested and imprisoned at El Saladero. Following the 1856 counter-revolutionary involution by O'Donnell, Becerra entered in combat in the Plaza de Santo Domingo at the helm of a light battalion of the National Militia trying to defend the Constitutional liberties side by side against a battalion of Jägers sent by O'Donnell, and was forced to exile. He would endorse the (for which he was sentenced to death by garrote for rebellion). Forced again to exile, he was one of the endorsers of the 16 August 1866 becoming (as representative of the democrats) one of the three legs of the coordination of the revolutionary action along Juan Prim and (representative of the progressives), that aimed towards the overthrow of Isabella II and the call of Constituent Cortes elected by universal suffrage.
Sexenio democrático
After the 1868 Glorious Revolution, Becerra became a member of the Junta Superior Revolucionaria. Along and Cristino Martos he would become one of the leaders of the so-called , the monarchist democrats part of the 1868–1871 Provisional Government.
In July 1869, during the Regency of Marshal Serrano, he was appointed as Minister of Overseas. A founding member of the Spanish Abolitionist Society back in 1864, he took measures during his first ministerial tenure towards the abolition of slavery in Puerto Rico, presenting two projects in 1869, which were not welcomed either by his cabinet peers or from the parliament. After months of fierce resistance to the ministerial initiatives from pro-slavery legislators such as Antonio Cánovas del Castillo or Francisco Romero Robledo, Becerra was forced to resign in March 1870 amid intense pressure.
Already entered the reign of Amadeo, during the premiership of Manuel Ruiz Zorrilla, Becerra was appointed as Minister of Development in December 1872, replacing José Echegaray. On 11 February 1873, in a vote at the Cortes during the same session in which the declaration of the First Republic was proclaimed, he was confirmed as Minister of Development (with 266 votes in favour). He would however leave the ministry by late February.
Bourbon Restoration and later life
Following the Bourbon Restoration, Becerra joined the Liberal Fusionist Party led by Práxedes Mateo Sagasta as part of its left-leaning faction. He left the fusionists in 1881 to create along Segismundo Moret, Eugenio Montero Ríos and José López Domínguez the Dynastic Left.
An initiated Freemason (symbol: Fortaleza; grade: 33), Becerra was chosen as Grand Master of the Grand Orient of Spain in 1884; after his departure from the post in 1886, the organization was thrown into chaos and divided into factions.
Elected to the Royal Academy of Sciences in 1885, he took office as numerary member (Medal #36) on 18 November 1886, reading a discourse titled Evolución de la Matemática e influencia que en los progresos de esta ciencia ejerció la civilización árabe ("Evolution of Mathematics and the influence of the Arab civilization on the progress of this science"), replied by Eduardo Saavedra.
Becerra returned to the ministry of Overseas in two occasions: from December 1888 to January 1890 and from March 1894 to November 1894, as part of cabinets presided by Sagasta.
He died on 19 December 1896 at his address in the in Madrid; he was apparently drinking a glass of milk, and, as it slipped out of his hand, after a sigh, he died. He was buried at the on the next day.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1820 births
1896 deaths
Spanish revolutionaries
19th-century Spanish mathematicians
Spanish Freemasons
Spanish abolitionists
Prisoners and detainees of Spain
Overseas ministers of Spain
Public works ministers of Spain
Exiled Spanish politicians
Government ministers during the First Spanish Republic
Scared Shrekless is a 26-minute computer-animated Halloween horror comedy television special, set shortly after the events of Shrek Forever After, that premiered on the American television network NBC on October 28, 2010. Scared Shrekless was based on the children's book Shrek!, by the writer William Steig, which was published on October 17, 1990.
The short marks the first time Eddie Murphy did not return to voice Donkey and was replaced by Dean Edwards, Rupert Everett was replaced by Sean Bishop as Prince Charming, and the Ogre Babies were now voiced by Miles Christopher Bakshi and Nina Zoe Bakshi. This is the first time Duloc is seen since the original Shrek. It was produced with the working title of Shrek or Treat.
Plot
After Fiona and their three children scare away some teenage trick or treaters, Shrek, Donkey, Puss, the Three Little Pigs, the Big Bad Wolf, Gingy, and Pinocchio (after unsuccessfully trying to scare Shrek and his family) decide to tell scary stories. Shrek claims that whoever can tell the scariest story will be crowned King of Halloween. They go to the run down kingdom of Duloc where Lord Farquaad once reigned and get settled inside his abandoned castle and each take turns telling their story.
Scary stories
The Bride of Gingy told by Gingy (a spoof of Bride of Frankenstein)
Boots Motel told by Donkey and Puss (a spoof of Psycho)
The Shreksorcist told by Shrek (a spoof of The Exorcist)
The Bride of Gingy
Gingy goes to see the Muffin Man and tells him that his girlfriend dumped him because he only thought of himself. So, he and the Muffin Man make a new girlfriend named Sugar. When they make her, Gingy decides to use a lot of sugar, thinking that she will love him forever, despite the Muffin Man's warnings. When she is baked, Gingy becomes happy with her but ends up becoming freaked out of all her love for him.
After running away and pushing her in a big container of batter, he finally becomes free of her, unaware that the batter Sugar was dropped in ended up creating thousands of zombie clones of herself, surrounding Gingy and eating him. The Three Little Pigs get scared and run away and Big Bad Wolf wearing a witch hat heads after them on the grounds that they're his ride home. Shrek comments on the falsehood of Gingy's true story, saying that he cannot be there if he was eaten, and Gingy runs off as well to hide his embarrassment.
Boots Motel
Next, Donkey and Puss tell a story about them taking shelter from a thunderstorm at the Boots Motel (a parody of the Bates Motel from Psycho). Their story starts off well, but when Donkey tells it, it always ends up with Puss getting killed (which irritates Puss to no end), so Puss decides to change it: Donkey and Puss go to the Motel, but Donkey calls Puss his sidekick.
When Puss tries to deny it, Donkey says he took a tongue bath, and gets killed by the innkeeper, but Puss retells it, saying he would fight the innkeeper but the keeper gets knocked over by Donkey, who rescues Puss.
It turns out that the keeper was Prince Charming and he zaps Puss with his wand to dust, but Puss says he used his sword and leaped to safety, but Donkey says he was standing on an 'X' spot, which Charming pulls a lever to trap Puss, but Puss says he would never let that happen to him, so he says that he woke up, revealing to be all a dream. Donkey comes in and tells Puss that he is actually on the ceiling.
The lights go out and when they come back on, Donkey is in the shower and about to be eaten by a giant waffle. Donkey tries to run, but gets covered in butter, wear a pink tutu, a sombrero and a coconut bra. Finally, Donkey gets Pinocchio to spray Puss with water, making him run away. Shrek suspects that this was cheating.
The Shreksorcist
At last, Shrek tells the final story about his experience babysitting a crazed and possessed Pinocchio.
After repeatedly beating up Shrek, Pinocchio leaps from the window, despite Shrek's attempts to catch him. When Pinocchio lands on the streets, a talking cricket (Jiminy Cricket) pops out of Pinocchio's head, claiming to be his conscience and the voice in his head that made him go crazy, in which Pinocchio squashes him with his foot in retaliation.
Pinocchio denies that the story is true, but when Shrek shows him a normal cricket, he screams and flees in terror. Now alone, Donkey and Shrek once again discuss the rumours about Farquaad's ghost, with Shrek recalling that Donkey was involved in Farquaad's death. Suddenly, they hear the wind moving about, and a walking suit of armour calling Donkey's name. It appears to be Farquaad's ghost, who has come to exact revenge. Scared out of his wits, Donkey admits defeat and runs away.
Fiona reveals it was her and the babies who planned the ghost act and then they, along with Shrek, celebrate by egging the Seven Dwarfs.
Cast
Mike Myers as Shrek
Dean Edwards as Donkey
Cameron Diaz as Princess Fiona
Antonio Banderas as Puss in Boots
Cody Cameron as Pinocchio/The Three Little Pigs
Conrad Vernon as Gingerbread Man/Muffin Man
Christopher Knights as The Three Blind Mice
Aron Warner as Big Bad Wolf
Kristen Schaal as Sugar
Sean Bishop as Geppetto/Prince Charming/The Cricket/Dwarves/Waffle
Miles Christopher Bakshi and Nina Zoe Bakshi as Ogre Babies (Felicia, Farkle and Fergus)
Louis Gabriel Basso III as Teenager #1
Devon Werkheiser as Teenager #2 and Teenager #3
Home media
Scared Shrekless got its DVD release on September 13, 2011, along with Monsters vs. Aliens: Mutant Pumpkins from Outer Space. Both releases were accompanied with a new short animated film, titled Thriller Night (after the song by Michael Jackson). and a double DVD release on September 27, 2011, It was released on August 28, 2012, on the Shrek's Thrilling Tales DVD, and the Shrek's Spooky Stories Blu-ray.
References
External links
Shrek mass media
2010 horror films
Halloween television specials
American comedy short films
American horror short films
American comedy horror films
DreamWorks Animation animated short films
NBC television specials
American supernatural horror films
2010s American animated films
2010s comedy horror films
Films directed by Gary Trousdale
Films with screenplays by Gary Trousdale
American films about Halloween
2010s animated television specials
2010 films
American comedy television films
Massimo Carmassi (born 5 June 1943 in San Giuliano Terme near Pisa) is an Italian architect.
Biography
Massimo Carmassi graduated from the Faculty of Architecture in Florence in 1970. In 1974, he established the Project Office of the Commune of Pisa and directed it till 1990. From 1981 to 1985, he was the chairman of the Architectural Association in Pisa and its district. Carmassi is recipient of the Heinrich Tessenow gold medal awarded by the Heinrich-Tessenow-Gesellschaft e.V. (Alfred Toepfer Stiftung F.V.S.); he was appointed as a member of the class of Architecture in the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno of Florence and of the Accademia Nazionale di San Luca. He is a member of the Internationale Bauakademie Berlin and an Honorary Fellow of the American Institute of Architects. In 2015 he has been awarded with the Medaglia d'oro all'architettura italiana (Gold Medal for Italian Architecture) by the Triennale di Milano foundation.
His work encompasses restoration, new building and urban design. Carmassi is Professor of Architectural and Urban Design in the Iuav University of Venice. He has been teaching Architectural Design in the Schools of Architecture of Ferrara, Genoa, Turin, Reggio Calabria, at Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio (Università della Svizzera Italiana), Hochschule der Kunst of Berlin and at Syracuse University in New York.
Design concept
The architecture of the past looks at us as the sum of many interventions realized by different generations of patrons, inhabitants and architects, being the result of the work of many unknown authors. For this reason it has a great value and a rare beauty that we can seldom catalogue as it is often due to chance or to the events. The task of our work is to preserve such richness and to restore it, not only for its documental value but also for its aestethic quality. On the contrary our new buildings aim at being in continuity with history, not for their stylistic features, but for the concept of their design and the syntax of their composition that are both dominated by the aspiration to a longue durée, admitting any change in the use to preserve the identità of architecture
Main works and projects
Buildings, urban works and projects
Pisa 1982-2002: Cemetery at San Piero a Grado
Pontedera (Pisa) 1993-1998: Cooper 2000 Building
Cascina (Pisa) 1998: Virgo Interferometer, interferometric aerial for gravitational waves
Rome 1998-99: Italia-EUR Congress Palace. International competition, among the seven selected projects
Rome 2000: Extension of the National Gallery of Modern Art in Rome. International competition, among the eight selected projects
Livorno 2001: Urban renovation of the Shanghai Quarter
Pisa 1986-2002: Rebuilding of the residential and commercial complex at San Michele in Borgo
Fermo 2002: Renovation of the north side of the old town centre, access to the upper town and bus terminal
Trevi (Perugia) 2002: School complex, Garibaldi Square
Arezzo 2002: Extension of the Urban Cemetery
Turin 2003: Urban renovation of the commercial, service and residential complex in the area called “Lingottino” (project)
Rome 2004: Urban renovation of the river port complex
Parma 2007: Residential and service complex for eight hundred students in the university campus
Arcore (Milan) 2007: Nursery School
Restoration works and projects
Pisa 1979/98: Restoration of the medieval walls (mura medioevali) of the neighbouring, buildings and terrains
Pisa 1989: Restoration of Verdi Theatre (Teatro Verdi Pisa)
Siena 1992: Ospedale di Santa Maria della Scala. Restoration of the multifunctional complex as Museum – competition, second prize
Leipzig, German 1995: Reconstruction of the Markt Galerie in the historic city centre as flats and offices – competition, first prize
Senigaglia 1998: Restoration of the ancient market as Public Library and Historical Archives
Gavorrano 2001: Restoration of the ravi Marchi Mines as Public Park and Museum
Guastalla (Reggio Emilia) 2001: Restoration of the Gonzaga's Ducal Palace, as Museum and Public Library
Ferrara 2002: Museum Complex of Modern and Contemporary Arts –project
Lucca 2002: Restoration of the royal College in san Frediano's Convent, as Sacred Art Museum
Verona 2009: Restoration of the grain storage at Santa Marta's military complex, as School of Business and Trade
Rome 2009: Restoration of the slaughter house(Pelanda) of Testaccio's complex 'ex mattatoio (Rome)
Selected bibliography
Progetti per una città. Pisa 1975–85, Electa, Milano 1986;
G. Ciucci, Francesco Dal Co, Atlante dell'Architettura Italiana del Novecento, Electa, Milan,1991, p. 71;
S. Polano, M. Mulazzani, Guida all'architettura italiana del '900, Electa, Milan, 1991, pp. 370-371
Massimo Carmassi, Pisa, Il rilievo della città, by F. Sainati, Alinea Editrice, Florence, 1991
Architettura della semplicità, Electa, Milano 1992;
Immagini dell'architettura italiana 1970-1990, Presidenza del Consiglio dei Ministri, Poligrafico, Rome, 1993 p.84;
Il Restauro del Teatro Verdi di Pisa, Pacini, Pisa 1994;
Massimo Carmassi, item in Enciclopedia Treccani. Updating volume, Enciclopedia, Rome 1995
Massimo Carmassi. Progetto urbano e architettura, by G. Lelli, Alinea, Florence, 1996
Del Restauro: quattordici case, Electa, Milan 1998;
V. Fontana, Gli ultimi vent'anni, in Profilo di architettura italiana del Novecento, Marsilio, Venice, 1999, pp.283;
Massimo Carmassi, in Dizionario dell'architettura del Novecento, by V. Magnago Lampugnani, Skira, Genève-Milano, 2000 p. 78
M. Carmassi, Approcci Metodologici, Progetto di restauro, Metodologie di progettazione del Restauro, in Il Manuale del Restauro Architettonico, (scientific direction of L. Zevi), Mancosu Editore, Roma, 2001, pp. 151-211
Architetture del Novecento. La Toscana, by E. Godoli, Regione Toscana-Fondazione Michelucci-Edizioni Polistampa, Firenze, 2001 pp. 156-159, 304-311, 324-325;
R. Ingersoll, Massimo Carmassi, in “c3korea”, n. 214, 2002 pp. 68–145 (monographic);
Massimo & Gabriella Carmassi, Senigallia Public Library, Verba Volant, London 2002;
The Phaidon Atlas of contemporary world architecture, Phaidon Press, London, 2004 p. 569:
M. Mulazzani, Opere e progetti, Massimo e Gabriella Carmassi, Electa, Documenti di architettura Collection, introduction by F. Dal Co, Electa, Milano 2004
AA. VV., Identità dell'architettura italiana 3, introduction by Paolo Zermani, Edizioni Diabasis, pp. 34–35;
Massimo Carmassi, Pisa, la ricostruzione di San Michele in Borgo, Il Poligrafo, Padova 2005;
Massimo Carmassi, Conservazione e architettura, Progetto per il campus universitario di Verona, Marsilio, Venice 2007.
See also
Pisa
Cemetery at San Piero a Grado
Cemetery at San Michele agli Scalzi
San Michele in Borgo complex
Verdi Theater (Pisa)
Cooper 2000 Building
Medieval walls of Pisa
References
External links
official website
Internationale Bauakademie Berlin
Heinrich Tessenow Gesellschaft
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Architecture Lecture 2007 - video
Accademia delle Arti del Disegno
Università Iuav di Venezia
Syracuse University - New York
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
Italian architects
1943 births
Living people
People from Pisa
Kujava Radinović () was the second wife of King Stephen Ostoja of Bosnia and as such she was Queen of Bosnia from 1399 to 1404 and again from 1409 to 1415. She was the daughter of the nobleman Radin Jablanić.
Consort and Queen mother
Kujava married King Stjepan Ostoja Kotromanić in 1399, shortly after he repudiated his first wife, Queen Vitača. Ostoja gained support of the noble family of Radinović-Pavlović by marrying Kujava, as they were closely related to the new queen consort. Kujava was first cousin of duke Pavle Radinović. Kujava is first mentioned as queen in a charter dating from 5 February 1399. Queen Kujava resided in Bobovac along with her husband and son, Stjepan Ostojić. When her husband was deposed by the powerful Bosnian nobility in 1404, he left Bobovac and fled to Hungary, but Kujava and Stjepan remained in Bosnia. The crown was given to Kujava's nephew, King Tvrtko II. Tvrtko II himself was deposed in 1409 when Kujava's husband returned from exile and resumed the throne.
Queen Kujava's marriage started falling apart in 1415. Duke Pavle Radinović, Kujava's cousin, was killed in a plot set by Kujava's husband. The authorities of the Republic of Ragusa were informed that the Queen of Bosnia was concerned for her future due to her relation to Pavle. Duke Hrvoje Vukčić Hrvatinić died soon after, leaving behind a wealthy widow, Jelena Nelipčić. Seizeing the opportunity, Ostoja divorced Kujava and married the widowed duchess Jelena. His complicity in the plot and murder of Pavle Radinović outraged the magnates, who sharply denounced him at the stanak. The 16th century Ragusan historian Mavro Orbini wrote that even his son sided against him, resenting the treatment of his mother and the union with Jelena.
In 1418, Kujava's former husband died and their son was elected king. Kujava was now recognized as queen mother and suddenly became very influential and powerful, de facto ruling along with her son. Her son's short reign was marked by Queen Kujava's conflicts with Queen Jelena. Their conflicts stopped in the summer of 1419, when Stephen imprisoned his stepmother. Jelena died under suspicious circumstances in 1422.
Intrigues
Kujava's son was dethroned in favour of Tvrtko II in 1420. He died before April 1422, when Kujava asked the Ragusan authorities to intervene with Tvrtko on her behalf. Nevertheless, she set about seeking revenge for her son's deposition. She received support from the Republic of Ragusa during its hostility towards Tvrtko, and conspired with certain magnates to dethrone him. She failed in her endeavour to enthrone Vuk Banić, a purported relative of the royal family, and Vuk had to flee to Ragusa along with some other conspirators. In March 1423 Tvrtko reprimanded Ragusa for allowing Vuk to exchange letters with his aunt, while Vuk himself maintained that he had never contacted her. The former queen then attempted to make use of the souring relations between Tvrtko and some of his vassals. With this in mind, she turned to Ragusa, but it is not clear what exactly she wanted. Ragusan authorities tried to reconcile her with Tvrtko, and also intervened on her behalf with Sandalj Hranić Kosača and the Zlatonosović family. They also assisted her with her financial difficulties. Kujava was still intriguing in 1426, secretly corresponding with Vuk. Her influence in the kingdom and abroad had waned considerably, however. Ragusan authorities, having settled their differences with Tvrtko, refused her appeal for financial aid. In 1434, they again sent her gifts, this time through an envoy of another pretender, her husband's illegitimate son Radivoj Ostojić.
Three sets of remains were discovered in a small tomb in the Bobovac chapel during archaeological excavations in the 1960s, apparently reinterred there during the reign of Tvrtko II. They are believed to belong to Kujava, her former husband and her son.
References
Bibliography
|-
|-
Bosnian queens
Radinović noble family
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
Repudiated queens
Kotromanić dynasty
Place names in India are usually in Indian languages. Other languages include Portuguese, Dutch, English and Arabic.
Since Indian Independence, several Indian cities have adopted pre-English names, most notably Chennai (formerly Madras), Mumbai (formerly Bombay), Kolkata (formerly Calcutta), Bengaluru (formerly Banglore) and Visakhapatnam (formerly Waltair),Pune (formerly Poona)
Common place names
Most place names are named after prominent geographical features, such as rivers and lakes. Others are named after personalities such as kings or historical figures. Although Hindu history was a main influence, Islamic and Christian influences are present, particularly in central and northern India.
-abad - "city" - from Persian ābād (آباد)
garh - "fort, castle" - Hindi gaṛh (गढ़)
nagar/nagara - "town" - from Sanskrit nagara (नगर)
prayag, -prayaga - "confluence" - from Sanskrit prayāga (प्रयाग)
-pore, -pur, -pura - "city" - from Sanskrit pura (पुर)
Anglicized names
Some anglicized names have been officially changed to reflect native pre-colonial spellings. The names of the cities, towns, and villages are usually in Indian languages, while most street names carry English names. Examples: Washermanpet, George Town, Chennai
Variations
Certain names have variations in different languages. Oor/Ooru is a common Dravidian name which means a place, also known as Oor in Tamil and Malayalam, whereas it is called Ooru in Telugu and Kannada.
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana
Common suffixes include, -ooru, -palli, -pudi, -peta, etc.
{| class="wikitable sortable"
! Suffix !! Meaning
!Etymology!! Examples
|-
| -abad ||city
|Urdu آباد < Persian ـآباد/آباد < Middle Persian ʾp̄ʾt''' (ābād, “populous, thriving, prosperous”). < Proto-Iranian *āpāta-, < Proto-Indo-European *peh₂- (“to protect”)|| Hyderabad, Secunderabad, Nizamabad
|-
| -bagh ||town
|Urdu باغ ("garden") < Persian باغ‎ bâğ < Middle Persian 𐭡𐭠𐭢‎ (bāɣ, “garden, orchard”) < Proto-Indo-Iranian *bʰāgá- (“portion, share, allotment”) < Proto-Indo-European *bʰeh₂g- (“to divide, distribute, allot”)||Suryabagh, Nausena Baugh
|-
| -cherla || town
|Telugu చర్ల (charla "town")||Macherla, Chengicherla
|-
| -guda/-gudem/-gudemu || village
|Telugu గూడ (gūḍa "village. hamlet") < Telugu గూడెం (gūḍem) గూడెము (gūḍemu)|| Tadepalligudem, Galigudem, Dumbriguda
|-
| -kot/-kota || fort
|Telugu కోట (kōṭa "fort, fortress") < Sauraseni Prakrit 𑀓𑁄𑀝𑁆𑀝 (koṭṭa) < Sanskrit कोट्ट (koṭṭa) < कोट (koṭa)|| Samalkot, Kasimkota,
Sriharikota
|-
| -nagar/-nagaram/-nagaru ||town
|Telugu నగర్ (nagar), నగరం (nagaraṁ), నగరు (nagaru) < Prakrit *नृगर (*nṛgará, “gathering of men”), from नृ (nṛ) + *गर (gara)< Proto-Indo-Aryan *Hnā́ < Proto-Indo-Iranian *Hnā́ < from Proto-Indo-European *h₂nḗr (“man” or < Proto-Dravidian; compare Old Tamil 𑀦𑀓𑀭𑁆 (nakar, “house, palace, temple, city”)||Karimnagar, Mahabubnagar, Vizianagaram,
|-
| -ole/-olu ||town
|Anglicized Telugu -ole < Telugu ఓలు (ōlu "town") < Old Telugu ప్రోలు (prōlu "city, town")||Ongole, Nidadvolu
|-
| -ooru/-oor/-ore/-ur/-uru
|village
|Anglicized Telugu -ore < Telugu ఊరు (ūru "village") < Proto-Dravidian *ūr ("village, habitation")
|Guntur, Nellore, Chittoor, Eluru, Anantapur
|-
| -palem/-palemu/-palle/-pallem/-pallemu/-palli
|village
|Telugu పాలెం (pāleṁ), పాలెము (pālemu), పల్లె (palle), పల్లెం (palleṁ), పల్లెము (pallemu) < Telugu పల్లి (palli "village") పల్లీ (pallī "village") < Sanskrit पल्ली (pallī "(small) village")
|Peddapalli, Madanapalle, Nadimpalle
|-
| -patnam/-patnamu
|port city
|Telugu పట్నం (paṭnaṁ "patnam")
|Vishakhapatnam, Machilipatnam, Krishnapatnam
|-
| -pedu
|
|
|Yerpedu
|-
| -pudi
|village
|(Old?) Telugu పుడి (pudi "village")
|Kuchipudi
|-
| -pur/-puram/-puramu/-puri
|city
|Telugu పూర్ (pūr) పూరం (pūraṁ) పూరము (pūramu) పూరి (pūri) < Sanskrit पुर (pura) < Proto-Indo-European *pl̥h₁- (“stronghold”)
|Markapur, Hindpur, Atchutapuram
|-
| -put/-puttu
|village
|Telugu పుట్టు (puṭṭu "village, put") < Proto-Dravidian (?)
|Manchingiput, Jalaput,
|-
| -seema
|region
|Telugu సీమ (sīma "region, kingdom") < Sanskrit सीमा (sīmā "border, region")
|Rayalaseema
|-
| -vada/-wada
|area, place
|Telugu వాడ (vāḍa "area, place")
|Vijayawada, Vemulawada
|-
| -vaka/-waka
|town
|Telugu వాక (vāka "town")
|Gajuwaka, Hanumanthavaka
|-
| -valasa
|town
|Telugu వలస (valasa "town, migration")
|Thangarapuvalasa, Palavalasa
|}
Arunachal Pradesh
Namdapha National park, Roing, Tezu, Sakteng Wildlife sanctuary, Namsai, Parsurum Kund, Bhairabkunda, Khonsa, Jairampur, Bhismaknagar, Changlang, Hawai, Nampong, Koloriang, etc.
Bihar
Bodh Gaya, Patna, Rajgir, Gaya, Raxaul, Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Pawapuri, Sasaram, Hajipur, Bihar Sharif, Kesaria, Sonpur, Munger and Bhagalpur Division.
Chhattisgarh
Raipur, Jagdalpur, Bilaspur, Durg, Kanger Ghati National Park, Bhilai, Sirpur, Ambikapur, Korba, Kawardha, Raigarh, Dongargarh, Tirarthgar, Atal Nagar, Mainpat, Indravati National Park, Ratanpur, Rajim, Chitrakoot, Rajnandgaon, Dhamtari, Kanker and Champa.
Delhi
New Delhi, Gurugram, Mehrauli, Karol Bagh, Delhi, Rohini, Chanakyapuri, Sonipat, Dwarka, Vasant Kunj, Pitam Pura, Bahadurgarh, Greater Kailash,
Delhi Cantonment, Shahpur Jat, Shahdara, Najafgarh, Badarpurh, Nangloi Jat, Saidul Ajaib and Bawana.
Goa
Panaji, Calangute, Palolem Beach, Anjuna, Baga, Old Goa, Candolim, Margao, Vagator, Colva, Dona Paula, Vasco Da Gama, Mandrem, Morjim,
Canacona, Mapusa, Arpora, Bogmalo Beach, Benaulim, Cavelossim, Ponda, Varca, Bardez, Majorda, Mobor, Dabolim, Agonda and Mormugao.
Jammu and Kashmir
Pangong Tso, Zanskar, Nyak Tso, Samba, Ramban, Khardong, Manikiala and Ranjit Sagar Dam Lake.
Jharkhand
Ranchi, Jamshedpur, Purulia, Deoghar, Dhanbad, Maithon, Hazaribagh, Netarhat, Bokaro Steel City, Ghatshila, Giridih, Rajmahal, Dumka,
Parasnath Hill, Rajrappa, Medininagar, Patratu, Chaibasa, Panchet, Betla, Deoghar, Sahebganj, Pakur, Kodarma and McCluskieganj, Gumla.
Karnataka
Common endings are Ooru, Palaya, Halli, Pete, Seeme. Less common are prefixes such as Sri.
Kerala
Common suffixes include Angadi, Athani, Ur, Cheri/Shery, Kulam, Kad, Nad, Pally, Kode/Code, Kara, Mangalam, Kal, Puram, and Puzha.
Ur - Nilambur, Tirur, Thrissur, Kannur, North Paravur.
Cheri/Shery - Thalassery, Cherpulassery, Kalpakanchery, Manjeri, Thamarassery.
Nad - Eranad, Kuttanad, Valluvanad, Wayanad, Thondernad.
Kulam - Kunnamkulam, Mararikulam, Mankulam, Unnikulam, Punnayurkulam.
Angadi - Parappanangadi, Tirurangadi, Pazhavangadi, Melangadi.
Athani - Athani, Puthanathani, Karinkallathani
Kad - Puthukkad, Purakkad, Thalakkad, Palakkad, Vadakkekad.
Kode/Code - Kozhikode, Puthucode, Alamcode, Areekode, Veliyankode.
Kara - Mavelikkara, Edakkara, Mullurkara, Anakkara, Ramanattukara.
Mangalam - Kunnamangalam, Chathamangalam, Kunhimangalam, Chendamangalam, Enadimangalam.
Pally - Karthikappally, Puthuppally, Kanjirappally, Vadanappally, Pulpally.
Kal - Kottakkal, Chirakkal, Pothukal, Pulikkal, Edamulackal.
Puram - Thiruvananthapuram, Malappuram, Angadipuram, Sivapuram, Kadampazhipuram.
Puzha - Alappuzha, Muvattupuzha, Thodupuzha, Cherupuzha, Noolpuzha.
Maharashtra
Common suffixes include Pur, Ner, Gav, Abad, Khed, Oli, Wadi, Nagar, Tur, Vali, and Ra.
Pur - Nagpur, Solapur, Chandrapur, Kolhapur, Badlapur, Achalpur, Ballarpur, Pandharpur, Malkapur, Indapur, Jaysinghpur, Tulijapur, Murtijapur, Shirpur, Shirampur
Ner - Sangamner, Jamner, Parner, Amalner, Saoner
Gav - Jalgaon, Malegaon, Khamgaon, Kopargaon, Tasgaon, Majalgaon, Shegaon, Koregaon, Varangaon, Chalisgaon
Abad - Aurangabad, Osmanabad, Khultabad, Dharmabad, Daulatabad
Khed - Sindkhed, Jamkhed, Mudkhed, Narkhed, Gangakhed, Umarkhed
Oli - Gadchiroli, Hingoli, Dapoli, Saoli, Sakoli, Wagholi, Biloli, Khopoli, Padoli
Wadi - Hinjewadi, Vaibhavwadi, Kurduwadi, Sanaswadi, Sawantwadi, Wadi, Yewalewadi, Ghulewadi, Darewadi
Nagar - Ahmednagar, Rajgurunagar, Ulhasnagar, Urjanagar, Shivajinagar
Tur - Latur, Patur, Partur, Jintur
Vali - Borivali, Kandivali, Karivali
Ra - Bhandara, Rajura, Nandura
Manipur
Imphal, Loktak Lake, Moreh, Moirang, Ukrhul, Andro, Bishnupur, Shirui, Kakching, Churachandpur, Tamenglong, Thoubaul, Khangkhui, Jiribam, Leimaram, Khonghampat, Khongjom, Leimakhong, Tengnoupaul, Chandel, Kangpokpi, Senapati, Nambol, Nony, Jessami, Singda, Thanga and Khayang.
Mizoram
Aizawl, Lunglei, Champhai, Thenzhal, Murlen National Park, Serchhip, Murlen, Siaha, Kolasib, Hmuifang, Vairegte, Mamit, Saitual, Lengteng Wildlife Sanctuary, Zokhawthar, Baktawng, Farkawn, Phulpui, Sialsuk, Khawnlung, Tlabung, Lengpui and Ngengpui Wildlife Sanctuary.
Orissa
In Odisha (formerly known as Orissa) common suffixes are Pur, Garh, Gada.
Tamil Nadu
In Tamil Nadu, common suffixes are Oor, Nagaram, Puram, Kudi, Cheri, Paakkam, Pattinam, Palayam, Kaadu, Pettai, Mangalam, Seemai and Kuppam. One common prefix is Thiru. The majority of names are in Tamil language. Telugu and Kannada place names can be seen in border areas. Sanskrit names are found because of the historical relationship of Sanskrit with Hinduism.
Tripura
Common suffix include mura.
West Bengal
Global Indian influence in place names
See Indosphere, Sanskritization, Indianization of Southeast Asia.
In the Indianised cultures outside India, places were given Sanskritised names to make them sound more noble. Examples include:
Ayutthaya in Thailand, named after Ayodhya, Rama's hometown.
Bandar Seri Begawan, the capital of Brunei, named after "bhagavān", a title for gods. "Seri Begawan" was used as a title for Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddien III after he abdicated from the throne.
Jayapura in Papua, Indonesia named from two Sanskrit words Jaya meaning "victorious" and Pura meaning "town". The name was given by the first president and founding father of the country, Sukarno.
Yogyakarta in Java, Indonesia named after the city of Ayodhya in India, the hometown of Sri Rama. "Yogyakarta" means "fit to prosper".
Siak Sri Indrapura in Sumatra, Indonesia named after the disbanded Sultanate of Siak Sri Indrapura. "Indrapura" means "town of Indra".
Nakhon Si Thammarat in Thailand, from the Pali words "nagara srī dhammaraja", or "city of the lord and king who rules by dharma".
Putrajaya in Malaysia, which means "victorious prince" or "victorious son".
Singapura, which means "lion city" named by prince Parameswara from Palembang, South Sumatra present Indonesia
Indonesia
Indonesia, as a huge Sanskrit and Indic-influenced country, contains many Sanskrit-named cities and placements:
kota - "city", from Tamil kōṭṭam (கோட்டம், "town") — e.g. Kota Pinang, Lima Puluh Kota Regency, Kotabumi, Kotabaru, Kotamobagu, Kotawaringin, etc.
negara - "state", from Sanskrit नगर (nagara) means "country" in Indonesian. The word Nagari is also a term used in West Sumatra referring to "village".
pura - "town", from Sanskrit पुर (pur) — e.g. Jayapura, Siak Sri Indrapura, Amlapura, Sangkapura, Semarapura, etc. In Indonesia, pura'' also refers to a Hindu temple.
Malaysia
kota - "city", from Tamil kōṭṭam (கோட்டம், "town")
negeri - "state" or "country", from Sanskrit nagarī (नगरी, "city")
Rajwada
Thailand
nakhon (นคร) [ná(ʔ).kʰɔ̄ːn] - "city"
buri (บุรี) [bū.rīː] - "town"
samut (สมุทร) [sàmùt] - "sea"
si (ศรี) [sǐ] - "lord"
See also
Renaming of cities in India
List of Indian cities on rivers
List of cities and towns in India
Oikonyms in Western and South Asia
References
Place name etymologies
Geography of India
The West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway (WELCPR) was an early railway company in south London between Crystal Palace station and Wandsworth, which was opened in 1856. The line was extended in 1858 to a station at Battersea Wharf near the bridge to Pimlico. Throughout its brief existence the railway was operated by the London Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) to which it was leased in 1858 and sold in 1859. This relatively short line was of considerable importance to the history of railways of south London as it was the first line to create a corridor from the south and east towards Westminster and led to the development of London Victoria railway station.
History
Opening
To coincide with the reopening of the Crystal Palace at Sydenham Hill on 10 June 1854, the LB&SCR opened a short spur line linking a new Crystal Palace station to Sydenham station on the Brighton Main Line from London Bridge. The WELCPR was an independent company that aimed to create an additional line from Wandsworth to the LB&SCR station at Crystal Palace and thence to Norwood Junction, whence it would have running powers over the LB&SCR to East Croydon railway station. The line would also continue in an easterly direction towards Beckenham and Bromley. The intention was also to link the northern end of the railway to the London and South Western Railway at a point south east of Clapham Junction, whence trains would continue to Waterloo. The first part of the line, from New Wandsworth to Crystal Palace, opened 1 December 1856 and the extension to Norwood in 1857.
Stations
The original stations were:
New Wandsworth
Balham
Streatham Hill - the 1856 wooden station booking hall remains unchanged
West Norwood
Gipsy Hill
Crystal Palace Low Level.
The planned connection to the L&SWR never happened, and the railway continued parallel to the L&SWR line and then turned north to a station close to the River Thames at Battersea Wharf, misleadingly called Pimlico, which opened on 29 March 1858.
Operation
From the beginning the railway was operated by the LB&SCR in return for 42.5% of the gross receipts, less an annual fee of £8,000 to allow the LB&SCR to run its own trains over the line. Soon afterwards this line was leased to the LB&SCR.
Farnborough Extension
On 3 May 1858 the company opened the first stage of its projected Farnborough Extension to Shortlands railway station (then called Bromley) from Bromley Junction near Norwood Junction via Beckenham Junction station and a short-lived station at Penge (on the site of the present Beckenham Road tram stop). This line connected with the East Kent Railway, which then obtained running powers over the WEL&CPR, providing it with an entry into London. In 1860, the East Kent changed its name to become the London, Chatham and Dover Railway (LC&DR). Passenger services between Crystal Palace and Shortlands were provided by the WELCPR, with a locomotive and stock bought from the LB&SCR from May 1858 to December 1860 and thereafter by the LC&DR.
The original WELCPR line from Pimlico to Norwood Junction via Crystal Palace was sold to the LB&SCR in 1859 and from Bromley Junction to Shortlands to the LC&DR, but were operated by the WELCPR until the opening of the LCDR line to Beckenham in 1860. The remainder of the Farnborough Extension was never constructed.
In 1860 the former WELCPR line at Pimlico was connected to the Victoria Station and Pimlico Railway, giving both the LB&SCR and the LC&DR access to the new Victoria terminus. Until 1863 this short section of line was a part of both the Brighton Main Line and the Chatham Main Line to Dover.
External links
Beckenham History
Kent Rail
References
Early British railway companies
Railway lines opened in 1856
History of rail transport in London
Castle Howe is a motte and bailey castle in the town of Kendal, England.
History
Castle Howe was built after the Norman conquest of England, either in 1087 by the Norman nobleman Ivo Taillebois, or by the nobleman Ketel some time after 1100. The castle was designed as a motte and bailey fortification, with a circular motte 11 m high and 48 m wide at the base, and a curved bailey hugging the ridge alongside it.
The castle was abandoned in the 12th century, either by one Gilbert, or by William de Lancaster. The bailey was later destroyed when the area was turned into a park. The remaining earthworks are maintained South Lakeland District Council, with information boards placed at the foot of the motte.
See also
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
List of castles in England
References
Castles in Cumbria
Kendal
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa in Argentina is located in the city of Santa Rosa, La Pampa, Argentina. It was established by Pope Pius XII on 11 February 1957, and is a suffragan diocese in the province of Bahía Blanca.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Jorge Mayer (1957–1972), appointed Archbishop of Bahía Blanca
Adolfo Roque Esteban Arana (1973–1984), appointed Bishop of Río Cuarto
Atilano Vidal Núñez (1985–1991)
Rinaldo Fidel Brédice (1992–2008)
Mario Aurelio Poli (2008–2013), appointed Archbishop of Buenos Aires (Cardinal in 2014)
Raúl Martín (since 2013)
Auxiliary bishop
Luis Dario Martín (2019-
References
Santa Rosa in Argentina
Santa Rosa in Argentina
Santa Rosa in Argentina
Santa Rosa in Argentina
1957 establishments in Argentina
Armando Enrique Hart Dávalos (June 13, 1930 – November 26, 2017) was a Cuban politician and a Communist leader. His grandfather was born in Georgia, USA and emigrated to Cuba as a child.
Biography
Before the Cuban Revolution which ousted President Fulgencio Batista, Hart studied to be a lawyer at the University of Havana. While there, he became politically active and would soon join Fidel Castro and Che Guevara in their fight against Batista. As Castro and Che Guevara were leading the guerrilla warfare in the Cuban mountains and jungles, Hart went onto become one of the main organizers of the revolutionary movement in the cities. Among his other writings, he has given a very full account of events leading up to the Revolution of 1959 in his seminal work, Aldabonazo.
When Batista was finally overthrown, Hart was made the first Minister of Education of the Revolution, and later served as the Minister of Culture (1976-1997), as well as a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Cuba.
In January 2005, Hart wrote an article on Joseph Stalin, in which he denounced the ideas of Stalinism and its practice, while defending the ideas of Karl Marx, Vladimir Lenin, Fidel Castro, and Leon Trotsky.
Armando Hart was the father of Celia Hart.
He became minister of culture since the creation of that ministry on 1976 to 1997. He was then appointed director of the Office of José Martí's Program. Hart was the president of the José Martí Cultural Society (Sociedad Cultural José Martí) at the time of this death.
Orders and honors
Order of José Martí (June 13, 2010)
References
External links
Armando Hart Receives Award from Cuban Journalists
ACN: Dominican University Grants Honoris Causa Degree to Cuban Scholar
Armando Hart Dávalos on ctp.iccas.miami.edu
1930 births
2017 deaths
Communist Party of Cuba politicians
Education ministers of Cuba
Culture ministers of Cuba
People of the Cuban Revolution
People from Havana
Cuban people of American descent
Zaborce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Zaborce
The European Respiratory Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering respirology. It was established in 1988 and is published by the European Respiratory Society, of which it is the official journal. The editor-in-chief is Martin Kolb (McMaster University). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal had a 2020 impact factor of 12.339.
References
External links
Academic journals associated with international learned and professional societies of Europe
Pulmonology journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1988
English-language journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies
Spectrolebias is a genus of killifish in the family Rivulidae. This annual killifish are endemic to seasonal waters (like pools) in the Paraguay, Tocantins–Araguaia, Xingu and Mamoré–Grande basins in Bolivia, Brazil and Paraguay. Each species generally has a small distribution and some are seriously threatened by habitat loss; the entire known range of S. reticulatus is in the area flooded by the Belo Monte Dam.
They are small fish, up to in total length. As typical of killifish, males are more colorful than females.
Species
Spectrolebias was formerly regarded as a subgenus of Simpsonichthys. Although this split is generally accepted, a genetic study indicates that Spectrolebias is not monophyletic.
There are currently 9 recognized species in Spectrolebias:
Spectrolebias bellidoi D. T. B. Nielsen & Pillet, 2015
Spectrolebias brousseaui D. T. B. Nielsen, 2013
Spectrolebias chacoensis (L. H. Amato, 1986)
Spectrolebias costai (Lazara, 1991)
Spectrolebias filamentosus (W. J. E. M. Costa, Barrera & Sarmiento, 1997)
Spectrolebias inaequipinnatus (W. J. E. M. Costa & G. C. Brasil, 2008)
Spectrolebias pilleti D. T. B. Nielsen & Brousseau, 2013
Spectrolebias reticulatus (W. J. E. M. Costa & D. T. B. Nielsen, 2003)
Spectrolebias semiocellatus W. J. E. M. Costa & D. T. B. Nielsen, 1997
References
Rivulidae
Freshwater fish genera
Doris Fisher may refer to:
Doris Fisher (songwriter) (1915–2003), United States singer and songwriter
Doris Fisher, Baroness Fisher of Rednal (1919–2005), British life peer and politician
Doris F. Fisher (born 1931), founder of The Gap, Inc.
Maria "Mariuccia" Dominiani (born 10 May 1913) was an Italian actress.
Biography
Dominiani made her debut on screen in the 1936 film Joe the Red, dedicating herself also to variety shows and photo comics in the following decade. In 1944, she was arrested and imprisoned, after being accused of having collaborated with the Nazis during the fascist regime, but was released from prison because there was no evidence against her. In the 1950s, Dominiani dealt with organizing stage shows, and also played in minor roles in some films until 1961.
Partial filmography
Joe the Red (1936)
I've Lost My Husband! (1937)
Lasciate ogni speranza (1937)
We Were Seven Widows (1939)
Inspector Vargas (1940)
Caravaggio, il pittore maledetto (1941)
A Woman Has Fallen (1941)
Without a Woman (1943)
Eleven Men and a Ball (1948)
The Ship of Condemned Women (1953)
Day by Day, Desperately (1961)
References
External links
1913 births
Actors from Genoa
Italian film actresses
Italian stage actresses
Italian radio personalities
Italian television actresses
20th-century Italian actresses
Italian centenarians
Women centenarians
Possibly living people
Radical 78 or radical death () meaning "death", "decay", "bad" or "vicious" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 231 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 67th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China, with being its associated indexing component.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6B79
078
067
Kenneth Wayne Huxhold (born August 10, 1929) was a player in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1954 to 1958 as a guard. Huxhold was previously drafted in the 27th round of the 1951 NFL Draft by the Chicago Cardinals. He played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Biography
Huxhold was born Kenneth Wayne Huxhold on August 10, 1929, in Kenosha, Wisconsin. He retired from professional football in 1959 and started working for the International Paper company.
See also
List of Philadelphia Eagles players
References
Sportspeople from Kenosha, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Philadelphia Eagles players
American football offensive guards
Wisconsin Badgers football players
1929 births
Living people
Vive Crop Protection is a privately held company based in Toronto, Canada, that develops new products based on existing active ingredients for pesticides using its patented Allosperse technology. The company has offices, laboratories, and manufacturing facilities in Mississauga, Ontario.
History
The company was founded out of the Department of Chemistry at the University of Toronto in 2006 by Professor M. Cynthia Goh and co-developers of Vive's technology, Dr. Darren Anderson, Dr. Jordan Dinglasan, Dr. Jane Goh and Dr. Richard Loo. Dr. Anderson is currently the President of Vive. Dr. Dinglasan developed the company's core technology and is currently the Product Development Manager at Vive.
Vive has received continuous funding since its inception, from the Ontario Centres of Excellence's Accelerator Fund, Sustainable Development Technology Canada, the Ministry of Research and Innovation (Ontario)'s Innovation Demonstration Fund and FedDev as well as internal and external private investors.
Awards and acknowledgments
Vive was awarded a Deloitte Technology Green 15 award in 2009. The award recognizes Canada's leading green technology companies that promote a "more efficient use and re-use of the earth's resources in industrial production and consumption".
The company has also been featured in a number of articles by various media outlets, including Canadian Business Magazine, the Globe and Mail, the Toronto Star and various University of Toronto publications.
Technology focus
Vive's primary focus is developing fertilizer-compatible products for at-plant application of crop protection and fertilizer simultaneously. Vive is also developing new soil-applied products with controlled mobility in soil, as well as new seed treatment products. Vive's core technology is called the Allosperse delivery system. Allosperse is a water-dispersible polymer-based delivery system.
References
External links
Official site
Manufacturing companies based in Toronto
Chemical companies established in 2006
Privately held companies of Canada
2006 establishments in Ontario
The 515th Air Defense Group is a disbanded United States Air Force (USAF) organization. Its last assignment was with the 31st Air Division, stationed at Duluth Municipal Airport, Minnesota, where it was inactivated in 1955. The group was originally activated as a support unit for a combat group at the end of World War II in Italy, and then redeployed to Okinawa, where it continued that mission until it was inactivated in 1945.
The group was activated once again in 1953, when Air Defense Command (ADC) established it as the headquarters for a dispersed fighter-interceptor squadron and the medical, maintenance, and administrative squadrons supporting it. It was replaced in 1955 when ADC transferred its mission, equipment, and personnel to the 343d Fighter Group in a project that replaced air defense groups commanding fighter squadrons with fighter groups with distinguished records during World War II.
History
World War II
The group was activated as the 515th Air Service Group in late 1944 as part of a reorganization of Army Air Forces (AAF) support groups in which the AAF replaced Service Groups that included personnel from other branches of the Army and supported two combat groups with Air Service Groups including only Air Corps units. The unit was designed to support a single combat group. Its 941st Air Engineering Squadron provided maintenance that was beyond the capability of the combat group, its 765th Air Material Squadron handled all supply matters, and its Headquarters & Base Services Squadron provided other support. It supported one combat group in Italy. In May 1945, the group assumed responsibility for supporting units that were redeploying from the Mediterranean Theater of Operations. It moved to the Pacific Theater and provided the same support on Okinawa until inactivated in 1945. The 515th was disbanded in 1948.
Cold War
The group was redesignated as an air defense group, reconstituted and activated at Duluth Municipal Airport in 1953 with responsibility for air defense of Great Lakes area. It was assigned the 11th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (FIS), which was already stationed at Duluth Airport, and flying World War II era North American F-51 Mustangs as its operational component. The 11th FIS had been assigned directly to the 31st Air Division. The group replaced 73rd Air Base Squadron as the USAF host unit at Duluth Airport. It was assigned three squadrons to perform its support responsibilities.
The 11th FIS converted to Mighty Mouse rocket armed and airborne intercept radar equipped North American F-86D Sabres in the fall of 1953. The squadron began flying two-seat Northrop F-89 Scorpions in June 1955. The group was inactivated and replaced by the 343d Fighter Group (Air Defense) in 1955 as part of ADC's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. The 515th was disbanded once again in 1984.
Lineage
Constituted as 515th Air Service Group
Activated on 28 December 1944
Inactivated on 29 October 1945
Disbanded on 8 October 1948
Reconstituted and redesignated 515th Air Defense Group on 21 January 1953
Activated on 16 February 1953
Inactivated on 18 August 1955
Disbanded on 27 September 1984
Assignments
Air Force Service Command, Mediterranean Theater of Operations, 28 December 1944 – 1945
Unknown, 1945 – 29 October 1945
31st Air Division, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Stations
Pomigliano d'Arco Airfield, Italy 28 December 1944 – 1945
Okinawa, 1945 – 29 October 1945
Duluth Municipal Airport, Minnesota, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Components
Operational Squadron
11th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Support Units
515th Air Base Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
515th Material Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
515th Medical Squadron (later 515th USAF Infirmary), 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
765th Air Material Squadron 28 December 1944 – 29 October 1945
941st Air Engineering Squadron 28 December 1944 – 29 October 1945
Aircraft
North American F-51D Mustang, 1953
North American F-86D Sabre, 1953–1955
Northrop F-89D Scorpion, 1955
Commanders
Lt Col. Fergus H. Eddy, 28 December 1944 – unknown
Unknown 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
See also
List of United States Air Force Aerospace Defense Command Interceptor Squadrons
List of F-86 Sabre units
F-89 Scorpion units of the United States Air Force
References
Notes
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, (1956)
Further reading
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
External links
0515
Aerospace Defense Command units
Military units and formations established in 1953
Military units and formations disestablished in 1984
The National Book Awards Children's Book of the Year Award is a British literary award, given annually to works of children's literature as part of the Galaxy National Book Awards. It was established in 1996, replacing the British Illustrated Children's Book of the Year and British Children's Author of the Year categories.
It is currently sponsored by W H Smith, although previously it has been sponsored by Red House (who also sponsor the Red House Children's Book Award). Previously called the "British Children's Book Award", it was renamed to Children's Book of the Year in 2010.
Shortlisted works and winners
1996
The Hutchinson Treasury of Children's Literature edited by Alison Sage
1997
Philip Pullman, Northern Lights by Philip Pullman
1998
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets by J.K. Rowling
1999
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone by J.K. Rowling
2000
The Illustrated Mum by Jacqueline Wilson
2001
The Amber Spyglass by Philip Pullman
2002
Artemis Fowl by Eoin Colfer
2003
Girls in Tears by Jacqueline Wilson
2004
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon
2005The Gruffalo's Child by Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler
2006
Ark Angel by Anthony Horowitz (winner)
I, Coriander by Sally Gardner
SilverFin by Charlie Higson
Eldest by Christopher Paolini
...and that's when it fell off in my hand by Louise Rennison
Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin by Douglas Steer
2007
Flanimals of the Deep by Ricky Gervais (winner)
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas by John Boyne
The Incredible Book Eating Boy by Oliver Jeffers
Peter Pan in Scarlet by Geraldine McCaughrean
Wintersmith by Terry Pratchett
Horrid Henry and the Football Fiend by Francesca Simon (author) and Tony Ross (illustrator)
2008
Horrid Henry and the Abominable Snowman by Francesca Simon (author) and Tony Ross (illustrator) (winner)
That's Not My Penguin by Fiona Watte
Katie Price's Perfect Ponies by Katie Price
Born to Run by Michael Morpurgo
Kiss by Jacqueline Wilson
2009
Breaking Dawn by Stephenie Meyer
2010
Zog by Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler
2011
A Monster Calls by Patrick Ness
2012
Ratburger by David Walliams
2013
Demon Dentist – David Walliams
2014
Awful Auntie – David Walliams
2015–2016
No award
2017
The Girl of Ink & Stars - Kiran Millwood
2018
The Lost Words by Robert Macfarlane and Jackie Morris — The Hate U Give - Angie Thomas (joint winners)
2019The Ice Monster by David Walliams
2020
A Good Girl's Guide to Murder by Holly Jackson
British Children's Author of the Year
The British Children's Author of the Year Award was given annually to authors of children's literature as part of the British Book Awards. It was established in 1990 and awarded for the last time in 1995. During 1996 both the British Book Awards both it and the Illustrated Children's Book of the Year award were replaced by the Children's Book of the Year category.
Winners
1990
Roald Dahl
1991
Anne Fine
1992
Dick King-Smith
1993
Raymond Briggs
1994
Anne Fine
1995
Janet and Allan Ahlberg
British Illustrated Children's Book of the Year
The British Illustrated Children's Book of the Year Award was given annually to illustrated works of children's literature as part of the British Book Awards. It was established in 1991 and awarded for the last time in 1995. For the 1996 British Book Awards both it and the Children's Author of the Year award were replaced by the Children's Book of the Year category.
Winners
1991The Mousehole Cat by Nicola Bayley
1992Farmer Duck by Martin Waddell (ill. Helen Oxenbury)
1993Penguin Small by Mick Inkpen
1994Mummy Laid An Egg by Babette Cole
1995The Amazing Pop-Up Science Book'' by Jay Young
Children's Book Award
British children's literary awards
Awards established in 1996
1996 establishments in the United Kingdom
Annual events in the United Kingdom
Lothar Osterburg (born 1961) is a German-born, New York-based artist and master printer in intaglio, who works in sculpture, photography, printmaking and video. He is best known for photogravures featuring rough small-scale models of rustic structures, water and air vessels, and imaginary cities, staged in evocative settings and photographed to appear life-size to disorienting, mysterious or whimsical effect. New York Times critic Grace Glueck writes that Osterburg's rich-toned, retro prints "conjur[e] up monumental phenomena by minimal means"; Judy Pfaff describes his work as thick with film noir–like atmosphere, warmth, reverie, drama and timelessness.
Osterburg has received a Guggenheim Fellowship and awards from the American Academy of Arts and Letters and New York Foundation for the Arts, and his work has been acquired by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Library of Congress and Art Institute of Chicago, among others. He has exhibited at the International Print Center New York, Instituto Cultural Peruano Norteamericano (ICPNA, Lima, Peru), Museum of Fine Arts Boston, and Center for Photography at Woodstock (CPW). As a master printer, Osterburg has worked with artists including Ida Applebroog, Lee Friedlander, Adam Fuss, David Lynch, McDermott and McGough, and Lorna Simpson. After working in Brooklyn for many years, he is now based near Red Hook, New York in the Hudson Valley and serves as Artist-in-Residence in printmaking at Bard College.
Early life and career
Osterburg was born in Braunschweig, West Germany, in 1961. In his youth, he trained as a musician, playing double bass and piano, but turned to art at Hochschule für bildende Künste Braunschweig, earning a degree in printmaking and experimental filmmaking. After participating in a university exchange program in San Francisco, he immigrated to the United States in 1987 and worked as a printer at the de Soto Workshop (San Francisco) and Graphicstudio (Tampa) and as master printer at Crown Point Press in San Francisco, where he learned the process of photogravure on a project for artist Christian Boltanski.
While in the Bay Area, Osterburg produced mixed-media landscape-and-architecture works that combined black-and-white photographs, gestural abstract drawing, scraps of burnt newspapers and small, linear wire sculptures; critics such as Kenneth Baker described their suggestions of devastation, war and decay as theatrical and bleak, yet bristling with energy, like the work of Anselm Kiefer. Osterburg exhibited at Southern Exposure and the Show n' Tell and Hatley Martin galleries, as well as shows in Germany, Japan, Indonesia and the Philippines.
In 1993, Osterburg started his own print studio specializing in photogravure, which he moved to New York City in 1994 (and Brooklyn in 2003). During an artist residency at MacDowell Colony in 1996, he met his wife and future collaborator, composer Elizabeth Brown. Since moving to New York, Osterburg has exhibited at Takara Gallery (Houston, 1996–8), Moeller Fine Art (New York and Berlin, 2003–11), Highpoint Center for Printmaking (2006), Fitchburg Art Museum (2007), Lesley Heller Gallery (2009–18), and Rockland Center for the Arts, CPW and ICPNA (all 2010), among others. He has been a member of the Studio Art faculty of Bard College since 1998, and taught printmaking at Cooper Union (2002–14), Pratt Institute, Columbia University and Lacoste School of the Arts in France. He has conducted photogravure workshops at art programs and institutions throughout the United States.
Work and reception
Osterburg's work combines the authority of photography with fanciful, rough models and real outdoor settings to create images suspended between real, imaginary and lost that obscure scale and period. He is a leading teacher and practitioner of photogravure, a 19th-century intaglio process combining printmaking and early photography techniques that was developed by Henry Fox Talbot and Karel Klíč and has remained largely unchanged and little-used. Photogravure's rich, velvety blacks, continuous infinite tonality, and sensitivity to textural effects—scratches, dust and traces resulting from Osterburg's choice to sometimes print with the backs of used copperplates—impart qualities of timelessness, poignancy, mystery and the hand-made to images.
Osterburg mines persistent images in his (and collective) memory, which he recreates in quick, intuitively built models devoid of people, stripped of superfluous detail, and made with humble, found materials: toothpicks, twigs, vegetables, glass doorknobs, broken umbrellas, books, refuse. He places the unpeopled models in carefully selected, sometimes far-flung settings (beaches, lakes or rivers, cities), then photographs them through a magnifying glass or macro lens so they appear life-size from a human vantage point, drawing viewers in as lone spectators. His subject matter has centered on moments of transit through time, space and imagination: sea, air and space vessels, books and art history, decaying and evolving urban scenes.
Photogravures
In the mid-1990s, Osterburg moved into sculpture and photography via the wire models he had built for his paintings. Over the next decade, he began fleshing out incomplete but skillfully constructed miniatures out of found materials, which he staged, photographed, and printed as black-and-white photogravures. His earlier photogravures combine drama, whimsy and the mythic, depicting sea vessels in various states (Fram, 1997; Cargo Ship in Storm, 2002; Safe Harbor and Wreck of the Somerset, 2004), rickety, rustic structures (Thorn Boat Marina, 1998; Vietnamese Waterwheel, 2001), and interiors carved from bits of soap (Soap Library, 2001).
Reviews describe these images as beyond documentary or appropriated photography, baffling in their mix of mute, rough-hewn forms, deceptive composing and real settings, whose effects of mist, morning dew, fog, even wind, are captured by photogravure's infinite tonality. Works such as Tidepool Lighthouse (2000) or Floating Village in Halong Bay (2005) offer seemingly historic, rugged New England and Southeast Asian coastal scenes, only to be revealed as models resting on tidal algae or shallow pools. Others portray vaguely convincing maritime dramas, as in Shackleton (2000) or Flat Earth (2006), which depicts a boat heading into a waterfall at the end of the world. After turning to new imagery for a decade, Osterburg returned to the sea in the show "Waterline" (2018), referencing rising seas, historic floods and geologic change through photogravures of imperiled boats and an installation of boat models, hung hip-high along an imaginary waterline.
In the early 2000s, Osterburg also explored images of flight (Zeppelin over Timbuktu, 2003; Channel Crossing with Hot Air Balloon, 2005). Art Newspaper critic Sarah Douglas noted such works for the "humble strangeness" of their construction and dust-marked, scratched surfaces, which she compared to silent film stills or the "delightfully eerie" films of the Brothers Quay. Osterburg's flight interests culminated in images of ancient-yet-futuristic vessels and spacecraft hovering over shadowy shanty and shack cities in his show, "Strangely Familiar" (2006, Highpoint Center), and his series of planets populated by gigantically scaled boats, bridges and condominiums (e.g., Babylon, 2008), which were inspired by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's The Little Prince.
New media collaborations
Osterburg expanded into new media through collaborations with his wife, composer Elizabeth Brown, beginning in 2003. The video Watermusic (2004) joins Osterburg's imagery (including photogravures) of an ice-bound ship with music by Brown featuring the Theremin. Osterburg created video projections for Brown's chamber opera, Rural Electrification (2006)—which explores the effects of the advent of electricity on a young rural woman—and for her guitar-and-Theremin work, Atlantis (2008). They developed the multimedia chamber opera A Bookmobile for Dreamers (Lincoln Center, 2013) during a Bogliasco Foundation residency; the dreamlike meditation on books, reading, libraries, culture and imagination combines live Theremin, recorded soundscape and Osterburg's imagery of a bookmobile making its rounds and offering entry into various worlds through books. Brown also wrote music for videos in Osterburg's later projects Piranesi and Babel, which were presented in conjunction with live performances.
Later projects
Osterburg's later projects have increasingly explored imaginary architecture and cities inspired by speculation and memories of art, fiction, travel and reminiscences. This work freely mixes eras and styles to create fantastical, timeless forms and parallel "what-if" histories. Piranesi (2008–10, comprising a model, prints and stop-action video) was inspired by 18th-century printmaker Giovanni Battista Piranesi's Carceri etchings of imaginary subterranean prisons; its theatrical scene features a vaulted ceiling, stone-like towers, elaborate winding stairs and drawbridges, and crude machinery. Reviews compare the work to the mise en scène of early silent films, such as F. W. Murnau's Nosferatu, which conveyed passages of gothic narrative in their detail and expressiveness.
Osterburg repurposed parts of Piranesi in his "Alternative Brooklyn" photogravures—imaginative amalgams of classical forms, New York City anachronisms and modern elements, such as Vaulted Trailer Park and Downtown Transfer (both 2010), which depict mobile homes and elevated trains emerging out of dungeons, or Squatters (2010), which positions all three elements in a Manhattan-like cityscape. Boston Globe critic Mark Feeney characterized the incongruous images as "marvels of deadpan hilarity"; others write that they grapple with the vulnerability of cities to change, simultaneously suggesting alternate histories and future archaeological excavations of contemporary civilization.
Osterburg extended these themes with "Yesterday's Cities of Tomorrow," seeking to capture the mythical, longed for, and sometimes fantastical New York City imagined by Ellis Island immigrants or encountered in old books and movies. The series mixes history (old locomotives, zeppelins, mid-century cars, expressway on-ramps), fantasy, and familiar landmarks (the Brooklyn Bridge and Flatiron Building, elevated trains) in photogravures such as Twilight, 1984 (2011) and Night (2012); Zeppelins docking at Grand Central (2013), described in The New Criterion as a remarkable "steampunk" image, was featured with its playful model in the MTA Arts show "On Time/Grand Central at 100."
Two series celebrating the printed word and cultural diversity grew out of A Bookmobile for Dreamers. "Library Dreams" consists of photogravures of child-like wonder—bookmobiles, a locomotive bursting into a library (referencing Magritte's Time Transfixed), or Literary City (2013), a book city floated on the East River and shot in scale against the Manhattan skyline. "Babel" includes photogravures, a stop-motion video, and the giant (28 feet in a 2017 installation) model Tower of Babel; influenced by Bruegel's The Tower of Babel works, the spiraling sculpture built entirely from old books (in 25 languages, found in Brooklyn) dwarfs a model modern metropolis and is surrounded by floating dirigibles and satellites.
Awards and public collections
Osterburg has been recognized with fellowships from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation (2010) and New York Foundation for the Arts (2009, 2003) and awards from the International Fine Print Dealer's Association (2018), American Academy of Arts and Letters (2010), and AEV Foundation (2009), among others. He has received artist residencies from Cill Rialaig (Ireland), Navigation Press, the Bogliasco Foundation (Italy), Hui No'eau Arts Center, MacDowell Colony and the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts.
His work belongs to the public collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Library of Congress, New York Public Library, The Art Institute of Chicago, The British Museum, the China Printmaking Museum, Chazen Museum of Art, the Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum (Germany), Museum of Contemporary Photography, Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and Spencer Museum of Art, among others.
References
External links
Lothar Osterburg official website
Lothar Osterburg Guggenheim Fellowship page
Lothar Osterburg lecture, School of Visual Arts, 2014
Lothar Osterburg videos, Vimeo
Lothar Osterburg video and interview, Non-Native New York, 2010
Lothar Osterburg artist page, Lesley Heller Gallery
21st-century German artists
21st-century printmakers
American printmakers
American photographers
20th-century American sculptors
Artists from New York City
German printmakers
Bard College faculty
1961 births
Living people
German emigrants to the United States
21st-century American artists
German photographers
German sculptors
21st-century American sculptors
Janaki Ram is an Indian-American author who has written biographies and collections of short stories, as well as a prominent figure in Asian art auctions. She is a relative of V. K. Krishna Menon and Sir C. P. Ramaswami Iyer and a member of the powerful South Indian Vengalil family. She was a founder and convenor of INTACH previous to her writing career.
References
American women writers of Indian descent
American Hindus
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American short story writers
American women non-fiction writers
21st-century American women
Tri-Valley High School may refer to:
Tri-Valley Central School, Grahamsville, New York
Tri-Valley High School, Cambridge, Idaho
Tri-Valley High School, Downs, Illinois
Tri-Valley High School, Dresden, Ohio
Tri-Valley High School, Colton, South Dakota
Tri-Valley School, Healy, Alaska
Tri-Valley Junior/Senior High School, Hegins, Pennsylvania
Timothy Lake is a lake about southeast of Portland, Oregon, United States. It is in proximity to Clear Lake and an impoundment of the Oak Grove Fork Clackamas River.
The compacted-earth Timothy Lake Dam was built by Portland General Electric in 1956 to regulate seasonal water flow to Lake Harriet downstream. The dam, 110 feet high and impounding 81,000 acre-feet, does not generate any hydroelectric power itself. In the summer, the lake is a very popular destination for camping, boating, hiking, horseback riding, and mountain biking.
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
References
External links
Timothy Lake south of Mount Hood beckons hikers who like loops - The Oregonian
Reservoirs in Oregon
Lakes of Clackamas County, Oregon
Mount Hood National Forest
Dams in Oregon
Portland General Electric dams
Protected areas of Clackamas County, Oregon
1956 establishments in Oregon
John Mark Tillmann (24 February 1961 – 23 December 2018) was a Canadian art thief and white supremacist who for over two decades stole over 10,000 antiques and art objects from museums, galleries, archives and antique shops mainly in Atlantic Canada.
Tillman had an extensive criminal record for obscene telephone calls, shoplifting, threats and assaults, but his antique thefts eluded authorities for years. He was eventually arrested with stolen property in January 2013, leading to a theft investigation by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) with assistance from Interpol, The Royal Newfoundland Constabulary, the United States Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
Seizing over 3,000 artifacts from his home in the first week, police finally closed the file nearly three years later when returning over 10,000 exhibits to their respective owners, which included a 250-year-old George Washington spy letter valued at about a million dollars. A few weeks following the sensational bust, police simply ran out of room within their own storage facilities to house the enormous amount of artifacts which were being uncovered. A special climate controlled and secretly located warehouse, was then rented out by authorities to store Tillmann's looted artwork for the next three years.
One of several private historical experts brought in by police to assist in the investigation remarked to the Toronto Star newspaper: ″It was incredible...to lay it all out would have taken an airplane hangar. It's an unbelievable collection of materials.″
The eclectic collection of items included a film prop suit of armour, a 7000-year-old Native American stone gouge, oil paintings and watercolors, tapestries, rare books, sculptures, rare documents and a trove of other ancient and old miscellaneous items. Tillmann was sentenced to nine years in prison by a Canadian Court on September 25, 2013, and the court seized over two million dollars of his assets under the proceeds of crime legislation. Tillmann was released on parole in November 2015, after serving just slightly over two years of his sentence.
Early life and political involvement
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia in the 1960s, Tillmann grew up in the Halifax suburb of Fall River. He was a major political organizer for the Reform Party in the 1990s and was campaign manager for their party candidate in the federal riding of Halifax-West during the tumultuous Canadian election of 1993. At the time, Tillmann made national headlines for stating controversial views while strongly avowing White Nationalism. As a university graduate majoring in international marketing (got his MBA degree), he traveled to Russia in the late 1990s and lived in the Izmaylovo District of north-east Moscow for several years. While there, he owned and operated street kiosks and learned to speak Russian. In Moscow he met his wife Oxana Kuzina he also had relationship with her sister
Art thefts
John Tillmann married a Slavic a woman from Moscow who worked for foreign company, her name was Oxana Kuzina, a native of Suzdal. He brought his wife to Halifax, then they went back to Moscow. They acted sometimes together in museum heists much like a Bonnie and Clyde type couple and later incorporated her brother Vladimir to the team, where they traveled extensively throughout Europe, the Middle East and North and South America. It is reported that he and his Russian wife would sometimes even take time out to have sex during some of their more risky heists. His team were regarded as criminal specialists, with Kuzina acting as a distraction, her brother Vladimir being an expert in computer hacking and alarms disabling, with Tillmann being the mastermind and main organizer of the countless heists they performed. Tillmann's sister in an interview said, "The guy is a genius, that's the way he's always been ever since he was a child." In November 2001, Tillmann incorporated a Canadian company called Prussia Import & Export Inc, which authorities believe he used to launder money that he and his wife earned from transactions in black market stolen artwork.
Referred to as one of the most successful thieves in Canadian history, The Toronto Standard made comparisons of his real life capers to that of famous Hollywood heist film, Ocean's Eleven. However most of his solo thefts were antique stores and museums in Atlantic Canada where he used charm to gain trust and occasionally pretended to be maintenance staff. His theft ranged from rare books and documents that he could sell, to minor and low-value items.
Two special prosecutors were tasked with handling the huge and complex legal case, with one of them remarking of Tillmann; "He was clearly intelligent enough to amass a false empire over years...and it's a shame ultimately for him and for society that he didn't use that to different ends."
One theft from a Canadian institution included a hundred and fifty year old first edition copy of Charles Darwin's book, On the Origin of Species. Valued at several hundred thousand dollars, the book was eventually tracked down by the FBI and U.S. Department of Homeland Security and was returned to the Canadian government in a special ceremony at the Canadian Consulate in New York City in October 2015. John F. Prato, consul general of Canada in New York, praised RCMP and Homeland Security officers for their professionalism and co-operation throughout the Tillmann case. He remarked at the ceremony; "No two countries in the world have the relationship Canada and the U.S. have and today we honour two incredible law enforcement groups that worked hard and in partnership to recover this essential piece of history."
In popular culture
The Canadian television program The Fifth Estate aired a documentary on Tillmann in April 2016 There is talk in some circles of a movie being produced about his story. Referred to as a Canadian antiques smuggler by The Wall Street Journal, lead police investigator for the case was quoted as saying; "Stealing was how he got his thrills. He was a master of manipulation and I'm sure there will be movies made about this one day." He also referred to Tillmann as being smart, well dressed, very cocky and that his saga of theft and deception was truly remarkable. A museum and artifact shop owner in Eastern Canada who knew Tillmann personally for over 15 years, commented on his distinctive style: "He was sophisticated, wore designer labels. I called him Mr. GQ."
Life after prison
Tillmann signed a book and movie deal with Nimbus, a Canadian publishing company with the book scheduled for release in September 2018. However, in 2019 CTV News announced that Nimbus would not be publishing the book, likely due to Tilmann's neo-Nazi views.
Police and others have speculated that Tillman may have been able to successfully stash away large amounts of cash and artwork that has never been recovered. He was flagged on worldwide museum security bulletins and was listed on the official website of the United States Department of Homeland Security.
He died on December 23, 2018. The cause of his death was not reported.
References
1961 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Canadian criminals
Canadian male criminals
Art thieves
Criminal duos
Document theft
People convicted of book theft
People from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Cairnie Junction railway station served the village of Cairnie, Aberdeenshire, Scotland from 1898 to 1968 on the Great North of Scotland Railway.
History
The station opened on 1 June 1898 by the Great North of Scotland Railway. The station closed to both passengers and goods traffic on 6 May 1968.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Aberdeenshire
Former Great North of Scotland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1897
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1968
1897 establishments in Scotland
1968 disestablishments in Scotland
Beeching closures in Scotland
The Pamplona (also referred to as Pamplona de cerdo) is a grilled stuffed-meat dish from Uruguay prepared with chicken, and may be prepared with other meats such as pork and beef. It has also become increasingly popular in Argentina.
The traditional Pamplona is of chicken breast rolled with ham, cheese and peppers, tightly bound into a large sausage shape about 12–15 cm in diameter. The Pamplona may be grilled on a parilla as part of an asado. Beef or pork pamplonas or pamplonas with different fillings are also prepared.
Some variants include bacon strips around the main roll.
See also
Chorizo de Pamplona – a sausage that is typical in the cuisine of the Navarre region of Spain
References
Uruguayan cuisine
Barbecue
Meat dishes
Kẹo dừa is a Vietnamese coconut candy most commonly produced in Bến Tre province, Vietnam, with coconut milk and coconut cream. The Ben Tre Province is nicknamed by the Vietnamese as the "Land of Coconut" (Xu Dua). The Vietnamese term for coconut candy is "kẹo dừa", with kẹo = candy and dừa = coconut. Coconut candy was originally associated with Mo Cay, a township within the Bến Tre province.
Manufacturing process
The production of coconut candy starts with the grating of fresh coconut flesh. The grated flesh is then pressed to extract coconut milk and coconut cream. The next step is the addition of malt syrup and sugar to this mixture of coconut milk and cream. The ratio of the various ingredients is a closely guarded secret of individual coconut candy manufacturers. The mixing process is often entrusted only to the family members of the factory owner. Slight variations in the ingredient ratios can lead to very different texture and taste in the final product.
The mixture is then heated to a very high temperature in large woks over fires generated by the burning of coconut shells. While being heated, the mixture is stirred continuously to ensure even heat distribution. Traditionally, this stirring process was done manually with large wooden paddles. In larger modern manufacturing facilities, these paddles have been replaced by electric motors. The mixture eventually caramelises to a thicker texture. Recognising when the mixture has been cooked to the right level is more of an art than an exact science. While it is still hot and soft, the thickened mixture is then stringed out into moulds and allowed to cool. The final step sees the candy strings cut into rectangular lozenges, then wrapped and packaged.
Traditionally, coconut candy is wrapped in two layers of wrappings. The inner layer is edible rice paper, and the outer layer is paper soaked in vegetable oil. These measures were necessary to stop the candy from sticking to the paper wrapping. Larger manufacturers now use heat-sealed foil paper, which does not stick to the candy.
Economic importance
Ben Tre currently has over one hundred coconut candy manufacturers, making up thirty percent of local enterprises. However, the market is dominated by a handful of well-known brands, with most manufacturers producing candy under licence for these brands. Coconut candy is sold throughout Vietnam. It is also exported to other Asian countries, Australia, Europe and North America.
References
Vietnamese cuisine
Foods containing coconut
Confectionery
Snack foods
Articles containing video clips
Mogovolas District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Nametil.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
The Rathskeller (known as The Rat) was a live music venue in Boston that was open from 1974 to 1997. It was considered the "granddaddy" of Boston rock venues.
During its heyday, the Rat hosted such acts as the Cars, the Pixies, Metallica, Dead Kennedys, the Ramones, Talking Heads, R.E.M., Dinosaur Jr., The Replacements, the Police, and Soundgarden. From 1980 to 1987, The Hoodoo BBQ, which Esquire called one of the "100 Best Restaurants in America"—was located at The Rat.
In the 1960s the Rat was a restaurant and bar catering to college students. At the time, it offered live music in a back room, featuring local bands such as the Remains (who opened for the Beatles on their final tour), the Lost (with future Boston punk legend Willie "Loco" Alexander) and The Mods (whose drummer Harry Sandler went on to play with "Boston Sound" hitmakers Orpheus). The Remains were so popular in 1965 the owner of the Rathskeller was forced to open up the basement for the overflow crowds that the Remains attracted. Live music was phased out in the late 1960s, returning in 1974.
The "locus of boston rock and roll,". the Rat was noted for the artists who performed there before their commercial breakthroughs and the local bands and scenes it helped to develop. In 1976, the album Live at The Rat was released; it documented the music of the time as well as the importance of the club in the development of Boston rock and roll. The WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble was held at the Rat for its first three years and was originally referred to as "The Rumble at the Rat."
The Rat was also considered important for its contribution to the Hardcore movement. In a 2010 interview, Ken Casey of the Dropkick Murphys said: "(The Rat) afforded us the opportunity to have a place to play and develop our fan base, and it was just amazing to us. And the reason I credit it with all of our success, was this is how we started to tour. The hardcore punk scene in the mid-'90s was huge in Boston."
References to the Rat's cultural impact can be found in the book All Souls, The Sound of Our Town, the film All Ages: The Boston Hardcore Film, and in both Guitar Hero II and Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s.
The Rathskeller closed in November 1997, and was torn down in October 2000 to make way for the Hotel Commonwealth, a 148-room luxury hotel of which Boston University is a limited partner.
The band Camper Van Beethoven, pejoratively referenced the club in their 1988 song "Never Go Back" ("Never going to go back to the Rat and play another mafia show again").
In 2002, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones released a song on their album A Jackknife to a Swan lamenting the loss of the Rat titled "I Want My City Back."
Notable acts
311
8-Eyed Spy
AxCx
Aerosmith
Agent Orange
Agnostic Front
GG Allin and the Jabbers
Angry Samoans
Alex Chilton
The Alley Cats
Anti-Flag
The Atlantics
Aus-Rotten
B-52s
Bad Brains
Bastel
The Beastie Boys
Big Black
Big D & the Kids Table
Black Cat Bone
Black Flag
Blitzkrieg
Blondie
Blotto
Boys Life
Buffalo Tom
Bullet LaVolta
Mr. Butch
Butthole Surfers
Camper Van Beethoven
The Cars
The Casualties
Celibate Rifles
Crocodile Shop
Crash Worship
D Generation
Dag Nasty
The Damned
Dead Boys
Dead Kennedys
The dB's
Del Fuegos
The Delinquents
Dervish
The Descendents
Destroy!
Destroy All Monsters
Dinosaur Jr.
DMZ
The Dogmatics
Dream Syndicate
Dropdead
Dropkick Murphys
Dumptruck
DYS
Ed's Redeeming Qualities
The Effigies
English Beat
The Fall
Fishbone
The Flesh Eaters
The Fleshtones
Flipper
The Flying Lizards
Foetus
The F.U.'s
The Freeze
Game Theory
Gang Green
The Godfathers
Godsmack
The Go-Gos
Goo Goo Dolls
Gorilla Biscuits
Harlequin
The Heartbreakers
Henry Rollins
Hole
Holly and the Italians
Human Sexual Response
Thee Hypnotics
Hüsker Dü
Inside Out
Chris Isaak
The J. Geils Band (Peter Wolf)
The Jam
Jerry's Kids
Joan Jett and the Blackhearts
Joe Ely
The Joe Perry Project
John Cale
La Peste
Los Lobos
Lou Miami
Lyres
Aimee Mann
Mazzy Star
Megadeth
The Melvins
Metallica
The Mighty Mighty Bosstones
Miltown
Mink DeVille
Minutemen
Mission of Burma
Mother Love Bone
The Neats
Nervous Eaters
November Group
Only Living Witness
Orbit
The Outlets
Patti Smith
People in Stores
The Plasmatics
Poison
Powerman 5000
Pixies
The Police
The Queers
Quiet Riot
Rain Parade
The Ramones
The Real Kids
The Real McKenzies
Redd Kross
Red Hot Chili Peppers
The Replacements
The Remains
R.E.M.
Richard Hell
Rick James
Robin Lane and the Chartbusters
Robyn Hitchcock
Rogue
Roy Buchanan
The Runaways
SS Decontrol
SNFU
Salem 66
Sam Black Church
Scruffy The Cat
Sheer Terror
Showcase Showdown
Sick of It All
Slapshot
Slash
The Smithereens
Social Distortion
Sonic Youth
Soul Asylum
Soundgarden
Steve Earle
Stevie Ray Vaughan
The Stompers
The Stranglers
Straw Dogs
Suicide
Talking Heads
Thin Lizzy
Throwing Muses
'Til Tuesday
Tom Petty
Translator
True West
Tuff Darts
The Unseen
U2
The Ben Vaughn Combo
Volcano Suns
Wargasm
The Washington Squares
White Zombie
Willie "Loco" Alexander
The Wipers
Wrathchild
Wu-Tang Clan
Young Snakes
Youth Brigade
Zero Boys
The Zulus
References
External links
"The Rat Remembered: 8 True (and Terrifying) Stories from Boston's Legendary Rock Club" - Rockerzine.com 2016
Culture of Boston
Music venues in Boston
Nightclubs in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Boston
Former music venues in the United States
Demolished music venues in the United States
Punk rock venues
Drinking establishments in Boston
1974 establishments in Massachusetts
1997 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures demolished in 2000
Demolished buildings and structures in Massachusetts
Statistics of Belgian League in season 1983–84.
Overview
It was performed by 18 teams, and K.S.K. Beveren won the championship.
League standings
Results
Top scorers
References
Belgian First Division A seasons
Belgian
1
The Matasnillo River (also spelled Mataznillo) is a river in Panama, traversing southward from the hills north of Panama City through the heart of the city before entering Panama Bay and the Pacific Ocean.
Geography
The river is long, draining and dropping in elevation between source and mouth. The river course cuts through heavily built-up areas of Panama City, subjecting it to both industrial and residential pollution. The level of water contamination was rated as "critical", making it unfit for consumption or recreation.
The river empties into the Panama Bay at the juncture of the Marbella and Punta Paitilla neighborhoods.
References
Rivers of Panama
Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary is a protected area in Myanmar's Shan State, covering an area of surrounding Inle Lake. It ranges in elevation from , stretching over Nyaungshwe, Pinlaung and Pekon Townships. It was gazetted in 1985 to protect habitats for migratory birds. In 2003, it was designated as one of the ASEAN Heritage Parks, and in 2015 as the first Biosphere Reserve in the country.
255 woodland birds, 90 wetland birds, 59 fish species, 3 turtle species, 94 butterfly species, 25 amphibian and reptile species, and several plant species including 184 orchids and 12 algae species are recorded in this wetland. It was reported that this Sanctuary could be a nesting place for the globally endangered sarus crane.
References
External links
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1985
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
Shan Hills
ASEAN heritage parks
1985 establishments in Burma
The Honeywell Page Printing System (PPS) announced in 1974, is notable because it was the first commercially successful high speed non-impact printer. It could produce output at up to 18,000 lines per minute, where the earlier Xerox 1200 (the first commercially available electro-static printer) ran at 4000 lines per minute and the contemporary IBM 3211 (which was an impact printer), ran at 2000 lines per minute. Most printer history has focused on the later IBM 3800 and the Xerox 9700.
Development
The PPS was designed by Honeywell Information Systems (HIS) in Oklahoma City. Development began in 1967, under a team led by Ronald F Borelli. Their initial goal was to exceed 5,000 lines per minute and after six years of development, they shipped their first pre-production unit to Lawrence Livermore Lab in 1973. It was able to run at 18,000 lines per minute.
Honeywell had three primary goals with the PPS:
Speed: The goal was to be significantly faster than current printers. The increase in speed also meant that carbon paper would not be needed.
Print Quality: The goal was to achieve a significant increase in print quality, especially in comparison to carbon-copy quality.
System Support: To allow system users to easily generate reports and forms and run the system in an offline capacity, allowing the printer to be shared.
Product design
The PPS consisted of four major subsystems:
Magnetic Tape Subsystem This could read industry standard 1/2 inch magnetic tape in a read only fashion. It could read 7 or 9 track tape written at up to 1600 bits per inch.
Processor Subsystem: It used a 16-bit processor with 775 nanosecond memory based on the Honeywell 700 mini computer
Console Subsystem: This was a system console used to manage the entire system.
Page Printing Subsystem: This consisted of two cabinets. In the first cabinet, called the basic cabinet, was the printing engine. There was a format drum which could print a fixed image onto each page (which they claimed eliminated the need for pre-printed forms), a print head matrix, a toning station (with one colour), a paper transport drive and a sheet cutter. In the second cabinet there were 8 pockets to stack the cut output, holding up to 800 sheets of printed output in variable sizes. Stacker management software allowed control over how the output was stacked or collated. Later Honeywell offered 16, then 24 and then 32 stackers per PPS.
Honeywell claimed that the PPS had two unique systems:
The electrode printhead. The printhead used a printed circuit design with 38 micron thick electrodes that created a latent image using electrostatic charge on the dielectric paper. There were 2112 styli in two rows of 1056 each. The print head was 268.2 mm wide allowing 132 character lines. It offered only one 96 character fonts known as the Honeywell Optimized Font that could be printed in two sizes. Smaller characters were 16 X 18 dots and larger characters that were 20 X 22 dots. It was effectively capable of printing 200 dots per inch.
The liquid toning system. After creating the latent image, liquid toner using positively charged pigment particles suspended in an insulated hydrocarbon liquid that was transferred to the paper surface using a transfer roll. The toner was fixed to the paper with a heated platen and blower system.
The PPS speed was optionally either 8,000, 12,000 or 18,000 lines per minute (90,140 or 210 pages per minute). The speed could be increased as a purchased upgrade. It used a large roll of special dielectric paper, which was 3800 feet in length. The paper roll consisted of conductive base paper coated with a thin payer of dielectric material. After printing it was cut to one of 14 desired sheet sizes and then stacked. The printer was able to pre-print the page (adding a logo or a background form) prior to printing the variable data by using a custom engraved magnesium cylinder also called a forms roll. This avoided the need to use pre-printed forms.
Models
There were three Models: I, II, II/E.
The Model II was announced in June 1979. The model II is described as having the following:
A built-in Honeywell Level 6/Model 43 Processor, with 256KB of memory and an 96MB hard drive.
It could be directly attached to an IBM Mainframe such as an IBM 4381, as well as Univac and Burroughs systems. It did this by emulating a tape drive rather than appearing as a system printer.
A hole punch that could punch two or three holes, top or side.
Up to four stackers, meaning 8 to 32 pockets, each holding 500 sheets of output. Each stacker added 8 extra pockets.
Up to 4 character sets of 128 characters each
The option to use different coloured liquid toner (not just black)
It could print digital forms as well as use changeable metal cylinders
A Model I could be field upgraded to a Model II.
The Model II/E was announced by Ron Borelli before or during May 1981. The major change appears to have been around options to increase the CPU, memory and hard drive space of the Level 6 Microcomputer. This offered new software options such as allowing users to queue print jobs.
There are references to a model III in at least two sources. A 1980 Computerworld Magazine suggested that Honeywell planned to add duplex printing by 1983.
Example customers
While limited shipments occurred between 1973 and 1976, sales began in earnest in 1976 when a dedicated sales force was established. The PPS Operation was run as a separate company within the Honeywell Corporation with its own manufacturing, research and development and marketing teams with 75 marketing (sales) personnel. In February 1979 they reported there were 150 PPSs installed, and in June 1979 they claimed to have sold and installed 250 systems. They claimed typical users produced between 1.2 and 1.5 million pages of output per month. Honeywell advertising suggested the printer was cost effective at 400,000 pages per month and could potentially print up to four million pages per month.
An IDC report in 1980 found that while the PPS was cheaper than the IBM 3800 or Xerox 9700, the cost of the special paper needed by the PPS was significantly higher at 0.0068 cents per sheet versus 0.0043 cents per sheet for plain paper.
Sample customer included:
Certified Grocers of California who installed one of the first commercially shipped PPSs in January 1975 and by early 1976 was using two of them to produce 1.3 million pages of output per month.
In 1977 Howard Johnson (a restaurant and Motel chain) reported they were using a PPS for all their printing needs.
In October 1978 Griffon Computer Systems of New York reported they were installing a PPS valued at US$178,000.
In 1979 BP Oil installed two 8,000 line per minute PPSs to supplement their 2000 line per minute Univac 0770 printers (which they retained to print cheques).
In 1981 Massey Ferguson in the United Kingdom installed a PPS valued at US$290,000.
NASA
Department of the Army: In a 1996 report to Congress they stated they had several Model II PPSs and that they were eight years old and needed constant repair.
Replacement product
Honeywell and the Bull group began a business relationship in 1974, which resulted in Honeywell-Bull being created in 1976. By 1988 Honeywell Bull was consolidated into group Bull and in 1989, renamed to Bull, a WorldWide Information Systems company, at which time Honeywell Information Systems effectively ceased to exist. In 1988 Bull released the 4000 series, that had a similar physical layout to the PPS, using roll paper and a DPS/6 Control Unit (the renamed Level 6). However it also had three major differences:
It used plain paper and ion deposition
It was duplex, using two print engines to print on both sides of the paper at the same time.
It could produce 180, 240 or 300 impressions per minute based on the model (note this is duplex speed, so pages per minute were 90, 120 or 150).
Bull Printing Systems was sold to Delphax for an undisclosed sum at the end of 1991. At that time it was earning $20million USD revenue per year.
References
External links
Printed output example
Honeywell Computer Journal Article
Honeywell Page Printing System
Computer printers
Non-impact printing
Products introduced in 1974
Honeywell mainframe computers
Honeywell
Llanelian Road () is a multi-use stadium in Old Colwyn, North Wales and also known as the 4 Crosses Construction Arena for sponsorship purposes. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Colwyn Bay F.C. of the Cymru North.
The floodlit stadium holds 2,500 people (with covered seating for 500 spectators) and was built in 1984 on part of the Parciau farm estate after the club moved from their former home in Eirias Park due to the building of the A55 dual carriageway through Colwyn Bay. Colwyn Bay won their first game at Llanelian Road, beating Lytham 1–0 in an FA Cup Preliminary Round tie in September 1984.
A shelter was erected at the town end of the ground in 1985 and is more commonly known as the Shed End. Two further covered stands were erected by the end of the decade. Floodlights were first installed at the ground in 1990 and were first switched on for a friendly match against Liverpool. The grass bank on the Llanelian Road side of the ground was terraced during the summer of 1998 following a successful fundraising appeal by the club's Supporters Club.
Colwyn Bay were forced to play away from Llanelian Road for two seasons after the club refused to join the newly formed League of Wales in 1992. The club played for a season in Northwich and a further season at Ellesmere Port Stadium in Ellesmere Port. Colwyn Bay YMCA were formed in 1992 and played at Llanelian Road during the club's time in exile. The club returned to Llanelian Road when they and fellow exiles Newport County and Caernarfon Town secured a High Court injunction in the summer of 1994. A crowd of over 1,600 saw Bay's first competitive match in two years at Llanelian Road, a 1–0 defeat to Marine in the Northern Premier League Premier Division.
During Colwyn Bay's period in exile Colwyn Bay YMCA was formed and played at Llanelian Road between 1992 and 2000.
Llanelian Road hosted two games in the 2008 semi-professional Four Nations Tournament with England facing Gibraltar and Scotland Semi-Pro during May of that year.
Over 2,000 fans were in attendance when Colwyn Bay F.C. beat FC United 1–0 in the 2010–11 season Northern Premier League Premier Division final to earn promotion to the Conference North.
The club's promotion to the Conference North in 2011 also resulted in the club having to make improvements or face relegation. The club were linked with a return to Eirias Stadium because of Conference ground regulations and then manager Dave Challinor was impressed with the facilities but the club remained at Llanelian Road. Major changes saw a new covered stand built over the Llanelian Road terrace, seating 500 and including press facilities and hospitality boxes with new floodlights erected.
Colwyn Bay F.C. previously played on three different grounds at Eirias Park during their history. The first pitch in the park was located on land that his now occupied by Eirias High School and later they moved to a pitch where they remained until the early 1980s, when the land was required to dump soil following construction of the A55. The Arena was a temporary home during the early 1980s prior to the club's move to Llanelian Road in 1984.
Under a current sponsorship deal the ground is also known as the 4 Crosses Arena and was also previously known as The Red Lion Foods Stadium.
References
Colwyn Bay F.C.
Anderson County (county code AN) is a county located in East Central Kansas, in the Central United States. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 7,836. Its county seat and most populous city is Garnett.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1855, Anderson County was established, named for territorial legislator Joseph C. Anderson.
In 1884, the first photograph of a tornado was taken in Anderson county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Franklin County (north)
Miami County (northeast)
Linn County (east)
Bourbon County (southeast)
Allen County (south)
Woodson County (southwest)
Coffey County (west)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 59
U.S. Route 169
Kansas Highway 31
Kansas Highway 52
Kansas Highway 58
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 8,110 people, 3,221 households, and 2,264 families residing in the county. The population density was 14 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 3,596 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.41% White, 0.32% Black or African American, 0.74% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.33% from other races, and 0.95% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.09% of the population. 35.0% were of German, 20.4% American, 10.4% English and 9.9% Irish ancestry.
There were 3,221 households, out of which 31.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.90% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.70% were non-families. 26.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 22.10% from 45 to 64, and 20.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 96.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,244, and the median income for a family was $39,101. Males had a median income of $30,102 versus $20,705 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,458. About 10.60% of families and 12.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.30% of those under age 18 and 11.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1996, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Garnett USD 365
Crest USD 479
Communities
Cities
Colony
Garnett
Greeley
Kincaid
Lone Elm
Westphalia
Census-designated places
Harris
Welda
Other unincorporated communities
Amiot
Bush City
Central City
Glenlock
Mont Ida
Northcott
Scipio
Selma
Townships
Anderson County is divided into fourteen townships. The city of Garnett is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Media
Anderson County Review is a weekly newspaper.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Anderson County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Plat Book of Anderson County, Kansas; Northwest Publishing Company; 41 pages; 1901.
The History Of Anderson County, Kansas, From Its First Settlement To The Fourth Of July, 1876; W.A. Johnson; Kauffman & Iler; 289 pages; 1877.
External links
County
Anderson County - Directory of Public Officials
Anderson County - Development Agency
Historical
Anderson County - History, Kansas State Historical Society
Poster from Ninth Annual Anderson County Fair from September 25-28, 1891
Maps
Anderson County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Samuel Vaughn Merrick (born on 24 March 1914, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania - 17 April 2000, Medford, New Jersey) was a sailor and preeminent labor lawyer under Presidents Kennedy and Johnson from the United States.
Personal life
In 1947, Merrick was married to Eleanor Perry of Dover, Massachusetts. The couple has three sons John, Gregory and Tad. Sam earned a Bachelor's degree in engineering in 1937 and a law degree in 1940, both from the University of Pennsylvania.
Professional life
Merrick retired in 1977, after working 35 years in labor and Congressional relations. He was a preeminent labor lawyer under Presidents Kennedy and Johnson.
Sailing
Merrick was an accomplished sailor in one-design sailboat races since 1926. He won twice the E-scow Nationals (once in the 1930s and once in the 1980s). In his Soling years he had an intense rivalry and friendship with Stuart H. Walker.
After his retirement Merrick became the (unsalaried) director of the United States Olympic yachting committee. In 1980, he added the title of chairman. He prepared the American Olympic team until the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott. After that disappointment for the US sailors Sam started to get sailors to be engaged for competing in the 1984 Olympics. Merrick's team was able to win a medal in every of the seven Olympic classes (three gold and four silver Medailles. For this he was awarded the most prestigious award in American sailing, the Nathaniel G. Herreshoff Trophy, in 1984. Sam was president of the International Soling Association from 1987 - 1990.
Death
Sam died at the age of 86 as result of pancreatic cancer at his house in Medford, New Jersey.
References
1914 births
2000 deaths
People from Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania
American male sailors (sport)
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
John W. Walsh (February 4, 1949 – March 7, 2017) was an American non-profit leader and patient advocate. After being diagnosed with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, he co-founded the Alpha-1 Foundation and AlphaNet, both of which serve people diagnosed with that condition, and the COPD Foundation, which serves people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. As a advocate for alpha-1 and COPD patients, Walsh lobbied before Congress for increased research funding and medical benefits for patients, and served on a number of health-related committees and organizations.
Early life
John Waldo Walsh, IV was born on February 4, 1949 in Arlington, Massachusetts. He was one of four children, along with a twin brother, Fred, and two sisters, Susan and Judith. When John was 13 his mother died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, likely caused by undiagnosed alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (alpha-1), at age 46.
Walsh became an Eagle Scout, attended Arlington High School – where he was president of his class – and New Hampton School, then enrolled at Norwich University. He left Norwich prior to graduation to work as an aide at the United States Senate, then served as an Army Ranger as part of the Army Special Forces Reserve. Prior to his diagnosis with alpha-1, he had a successful career in real estate, including founding and leading two companies, AMSTOR and Hometron.
Non-profit work and honors
When they were 35, both John and Fred began having chronic asthma symptoms, which worsened over time and resulted in hospitalizations. In 1989, a half-decade later, Fred was diagnosed with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, a rare genetic disorder that can lead to COPD and liver damage. John and one of his two sisters were diagnosed with alpha-1 shortly after. This information came after years of the Walshes being misdiagnosed as having asthma. At the time, less than 5,000 people had been diagnosed with alpha-1. John and his brother joined the Longitudinal Progressive Disease Study, administered by the National Institutes of Health, which ran through 1995 and ended in the development of a protein replacement therapy treatment. During the study, Walsh and others formed support groups and Walsh developed materials to educate people about alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency.
Following the conclusion of the study, Walsh and two other alpha-1 patients – Susan Stanley and Sandy Linsey – founded the Alpha-1 Foundation, research focused non-profit. Later that year he founded a sister-nonprofit, AlphaNet, which provides health management services to alpha-1 patients. Under his leadership, the Alpha-1 Foundation was able to establish a network of research centers and a patient registry, support 80 alpha-1 patient support groups, and contribute over $50 million towards research. The organization also created a test kit that allows individuals to find out whether they have alpha-1 without the test or results being exposed to the insurance industry.
In an interview with the European Lung Foundation, Walsh noted that one of the Alpha-1 Foundation's goals was to increase detection of alpha-1. In the pursuit of this effort, Walsh came to the conclusion that, like alpha-1, COPD was also under-diagnosed and research for it was underfunded. In 2004 Walsh co-founded the COPD Foundation, a research, education, and advocacy non-profit serving individuals with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Representing the COPD Foundation, John and other non-profit leaders developed the first patient-powered research networks, an initiative funded by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
As an advocate for alpha-1 and COPD patients, Walsh served on the National Institutes of Health's Council of Patient Representatives, Council of Councils, the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Advisory Council, the Department of Health and Human Services Advisory Committee on Blood Safety, and the American Thoracic Society Public Advisory Roundtable, the latter of which he chaired.:481 He testified before the United States Congress on numerous occasions. In 2004, he and his brother testified before an appropriations subcommittee on behalf of the Alpha-1 Foundation to request funds for the Centers for Disease Control for alpha-1 detection and funds for the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to investigate alpha-1 therapies.:477
In 2007 he and the Executive Director of the American Association for Respiratory Care appeared before Congress to request that Medicare cover pulmonary rehabilitation.
In 2002 he received the Commissioner's Special Citation from the Food and Drug Administration.:481 In 2008, the American Thoracic Society awarded Walsh their Public Service Award. In 2014, the National Organization of Rare Disorders recognized Walsh with their Lifetime Achievement Award. That same year Walsh was chosen to serve on the board of directors of the National Health Council, an association of health-related organizations and patient advocacy groups, and he served as the chair of their board in 2016. Following his death, the American Thoracic Society renamed their Public Advisory Roundtable Excellence Award in his honor.
In January 2016, Walsh sustained a brain injury after slipping on a patch of ice in Washington, D.C. He died of complications from that injury on March 7, 2017.
References
1949 births
2017 deaths
People from Arlington, Massachusetts
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Norwich University alumni
American nonprofit chief executives
The William Taylor House in Resaca, Georgia is a historic home, built in 1913, that was used as the town hall of Resaca before being torn down. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The house was deemed significant for its association with William Taylor, veteran of the American Civil War. And it was also deemed significant for its architecture, as a good example of a central hall plan house.
William Taylor lived in the house for the last 30 years of his life. In 1938, at age almost 90, he attended the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg, where he was among 60 veterans from Georgia, and among the seven of those who fought for the Union.
Taylor was born on August 22, 1849, and he died October 15, 1944. Taylor is interred beside his second wife Laura in Resaca cemetery adjacent to the Resaca First Baptist Church .
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses completed in 1913
Houses in Gordon County, Georgia
1913 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Gordon County, Georgia
Nyarroh (alternatively referred to as Nyaloh, Nyarroh of Bandasuma or Queen Nyarroh; died 1914) was a Mende chief in Bandasuma, in present-day Sierra Leone, from at least the 1880s onward. Little is recorded about Nyarroh prior to the 1880s; however, British reports in the 1880s consider her one of the main chiefs in the area with control over important roads from the coast to inland areas. Nyarroh's position at a critical juncture led her to host many negotiations between British officers and the Mende chiefs in the interior of the country. Like many of the other Mende chiefs, she took an active role in warfare and in 1887 she was taken captive and held for many months. She signed a friendship agreement with the British in 1890 and became part of their administration of the colony until her death in 1914.
Chieftainship
Nyarroh was the chief of the town of Bandasuma (modern Bandajuma) and gained other land to become the chief of the entire Barrie region on the Moa River in the present-day country of Sierra Leone. Not much is recorded about Nyarroh's life prior to 1885 when she became a key mediator in British efforts in the interior of Sierra Leone.
Oral histories say that Nyarroh became the chief of Bandasuma after the death of her husband Kahjay who was the chief of the village. She expanded her control over a greater land area and became the chief of the entire Barrie region. Most of the addition was the result of a gift from Boakie Gomna the Tunkia chief who had become her Nyarroh's lover after the death of her husband. A separate oral tradition contends that she at one point controlled land on the East side of the Moa River (the land around modern wildlife sanctuary of Tiwai Island), but that that land was gifted to another chief who became her lover as well.
The Barrie region controlled by Nyarroh was bordered by the Tunkia chiefdom to the north and the Moa river to the West. The area gained significance with British efforts to bring the interior Mende country into its colonial government because it was at a key crossroads leading from the coastal towns to the important Mende chiefs in the far interior.
Although in official British reports she was referred to as Queen Nyarroh, this is likely due to indiscriminate usage of the title by British officers when dealing with indigenous authorities, and she was a chief under the power of Mendengla, one of the four primary Mende kings. Her authority is contested by different historians with Arthur Abraham claiming that Nyarroh saw increased power largely to serve British colonial efforts and she had limited power prior to British colonial involvement. In contrast, Lynda R. Day argues that Nyarroh was able to play a unique role as a mediator between British and indigenous interests because women had a traditional role as mediators in Mende society.
Mediator
Nyarroh became important in British reports as a key mediating force in negotiations between the British, the coastal chiefs, and the chiefs in the interior during the 1880s and 1890s.
Her first recorded involvement was with Nyarroh as the key chief mediating the fighting over control of the Massaquoi kingdom, which was a key location on the Moa river in between the coastal chiefs and the interior chiefs. Two chiefs were trying to gain control over the kingdom with Boakie Gomna supported by the inland chiefs, including Jabati, Nyarroh and Mendengla. Fawundu, in contrast, was supported by the coastal chieftains such as Momo Kai Kai and others. Most of the coastal chieftains were under British treaties of protection and so when these communities began being attacked during the struggle the British sent officers to the inland chiefs to negotiate an end to the violence. The mission entered Bandasuma where they reported that Nyarroh spoke English quite well and that she was willing to organize a meeting between Samuel Rowe, the British governor of the territory, and many of the chiefs of the interior. Nyarroh cleared the roads for Rowe's arrival and hosted the meetings in Bandasuma for two weeks. Since Mendengla was not in attendance, she arranged to have messengers keeping him in contact throughout the meeting. Rowe convinced many of the chiefs of the interior to sign peace agreements with the coastal chiefs. Mendengla did not sign the agreement but did not prevent its signature by the chiefs in the area either.
Following this peace agreement though, Kubah, a war chief (a mercenary who controlled his own troops and aligned with different leaders) who had been one of the primary participants in the conflict over the Massaquoi kingdom became upset because of the decreased opportunities for raiding that this would offer him. Perceived as a threat to her rule, Nyarroh killed Kubah in November 1885 in Bandasuma. Another war chief, Ndawa, had been a key ally of Kubah (brother in some reports) and so began a series of campaigns against Nyarroh to avenge Kubah's death. On 11 April 1887, Ndawa succeeded by sacking Bandasuma and taking Nyarroh hostage. The British took an active role in trying to negotiate her release from Ndawa but Ndawa refused most of the gestures. Information about her release are not recorded but she was released and returned as the Barri chief by 1888. In the years which followed, Bandasuma became a key neutral site for meetings between the British and the inland chiefs under Mendengla. This was followed with an 1893 meeting hosted by Nyarroh between the British governor of the territory, now Francis Fleming, and all the chiefs of the interior, including Mendengla.
These meetings yielded gradually increased British prominence in the region. In 1890, she signed a treaty of friendship with the British and as a result was provided a British government stipend as chief of the region. She remained chief under British rule until her death in 1914. Her daughter followed her as chief but the importance of Bandasuma decreased significantly in the early 20th century.
See also
British–Creole intervention in the Sierra Leone hinterland, 19th century
Joos Maternal Dynasty
References
Notes
Bibliography
1914 deaths
History of Sierra Leone
19th-century monarchs in Africa
Year of birth unknown
Sierra Leonean women in politics
19th-century women rulers
20th-century monarchs in Africa
Chieftainships
20th-century women rulers
Mende people
Tribal chiefs
Crowd Scene is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1989 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars, stating: "there are some rambling moments on these lengthy performances, both of which clock in at over 25 minutes. Still, it is often fascinating to hear what the musicians come up with during these go-for-broke improvisations".
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron
"Crowd Scene" — 26:50
"Yin And Yang" — 25:26
Recorded in New York City on June 10, 1989
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Sonny Fortune — alto saxophone
Ricky Ford — tenor saxophone
Reggie Workman — bass
Eddie Moore — drums
References
1988 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Black Saint/Soul Note albums
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Sawada was born in Aichi Prefecture on June 5, 1982. He joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus Eight from youth team in 2001. However he could not play at all in the match behind Japan national team goalkeeper Seigo Narazaki. In July 2001, he moved to Japan Football League (JFL) club Denso on loan and played 7 matches. In 2002, he returned to Nagoya. However he could not play at all in the match. In July 2002, he moved to J2 League club Ventforet Kofu. However he could not play at all in the match behind Tatsuya Tsuruta. In 2003, he moved to J2 club Mito HollyHock. On August 17, he debuted in J.League as substitute goalkeeper from the 45th minute against Kawasaki Frontale. However he could only play this match. In 2004, he moved to JFL club Denso (later FC Kariya) again. He played many matches as regular goalkeeper until 2005. However he could hardly play in the match in 2006 and retired end of 2006 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Aichi Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Nagoya Grampus players
FC Kariya players
Ventforet Kofu players
Mito HollyHock players
Association football goalkeepers
Sri Venkateswara Mahatmyam is 1960 Indian Telugu-language Hindu mythological film directed by P. Pullaiah and produced by V. Venkateswarlu. It is based on the Venkateswara avatar of Vishnu at Tirumala. It stars N. T. Rama Rao, Savitri, and S. Varalakshmi with music composed by Pendyala Nageswara Rao. The film was dubbed into Tamil and released as Srinivasa Kalyanam.
Plot
The film begins with the advent of Kali Yuga, the earth faces threats of all sorts. To reduce its burden, Saptharishis, helmed by Kasyapa Muni perform a Yagna, Narada Maharshi arrives there and asks who the patron deity of the sacrifice is. Unable to answer, the sages send Bhrigu Maharshi to test Trimurthi's. After testing Lord Siva and Brahma, he reaches Vaikuntha when the Lord Vishnu and his consort Lakshmi are in a playful mood and ignores Bhrigu. Angered by this, Bhrigu kicks Vishnu in the chest. To pacify the sage, Vishnu held his legs and pressed the eye in his foot the symbol of his egotism, when the sage realises his folly and apologizes to Vishnu. But Lakshmi gets upset and in anger, leaves to the earth. Vishnu also follows her and settles in an anthill without food & water. Taking pity, Brahma and Shiva assumed the forms of a cow and calf to serve him. Lakshmi in the guise sells them to the king. Discovering Vishnu on the ant-hill, the cow thus fed him. Meanwhile, at the palace, the cow does not yield any milk, for which the queen chastised the royal cow herder Sarabha severely. To learn the cause, Sarabha follows the cow secretly and discovers its deed. Angered Sarabha flung his ax but Vishnu rose from the ant-hill to receive the blow then he curses Sarabha to roam as a ghost until he forms as a deity at that place.
After that, Vishnu reaches his ardent devotee Vakulamatha's ashram, she names him as Srinivasa and he starts staying with her. Once Srinivasa on a hunt chases a wild elephant. In its pursuit, he was led into a garden, where he meets Padmavati, daughter of Aakasa Raju and both of them fall in love. After initial hesitation, Aakasa Raju and his wife Dharani Devi agree to their marriage. For the marriage expenses, Srinivasa takes debt from Kubera and promises to repay the loan with interest till the end of Kali Yuga. After the marriage, Sage Narada informed Lakshmi about the wedding, then fuming, Lakshmi confronts Vishnu. The clash between his two consorts leads Srinivasa, to turn himself into stone form. Padmavathi and Lakshmi also become stones on either side and Vakula Devi as a garland. Everyone is happy that the deity is revealed to protect the earth. Generations pass by, Once a devotee called Bhavaji arrives and starts calling the deity Balaji. But he is not being allowed to watch the Lord. There onwards, every night the Lord himself visits to play dice with him. One day, Lord Balaji loses his ornament in the bet. The next day, when the temple doors are opened, people observe the ornament is missing. The King arrives to conduct an interrogation and Bhavaji explains the truth. But no one believes it, so the King conducts a test to prove his innocence, keeps him in a prison, full of sugar cane inside, and asks him to eat all of it before dawn. Lord Venkateswara arrives in the form of an elephant and finishes it within moments. In the morning, the people are surprised to see the miracle. Thereafter, Bhavaji is called by the name Hathiram Bhavaji and the king endorsed the temple authority to him. At last, generations pass and the number of devotees increases to the temple. Finally, the movie ends by showing the Srivari Brahmotsavam.
Cast
N. T. Rama Rao as Lord Vishnu / Srinivasa
Savitri as Padmavathi
S. Varalakshmi as Goddess Lakshmi
Chittor V. Nagaiah as Hathiram Bhavaji
Gummadi as Bhrigu Maharshi
Relangi
Ramana Reddy as Sarabha
Rajanala
Vangara
Valluri Balakrishna
Peketi Sivaram
P. Suri Babu as Narada Maharshi
Ghantasala as Guest role in the song
A. V. Subba Rao as Akasa Raju
A. V. Subba Rao Jr. as Lord Brahma
Vempati Peda Satyam as Lord Siva
Lanka Satyam as Yatrikudu
Rushyendramani as Dhaaranidevi
P. Santha Kumari as Vakula Devi
Showkar Janaki as Yerukala Saani
Surabhi Balasaraswathi as Sarabha's wife
Sandhya as Goddess Saraswathi
Soundtrack
Music composed by Pendyala Nageshwara Rao. Music released by Audio Company.
Box office and impact
It released with twenty prints and had a 100-day run in 16 centers and 175 days in Hyderabad and Vijayawada centers. The deification of Rama Rao began and his residence in Madras became a shrine for pilgrims, who would visit him after a trip to Tirupati. NTR fans waited in long queues outside his house for a darshan of their "living god". They used to apprise him of their problems back home in their villages and he listened to them patiently before rushing to the studio in the morning.
References
External links
1960 films
1960s Telugu-language films
Hindu mythological films
Films scored by Pendyala Nageswara Rao
Films directed by P. Pullayya
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Saturday 17 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
Heats
B Final
A Final
See also
Swimming at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre freestyle (Atlanta)
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 50m Freestyle (Gothenburg)
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 50 metre freestyle (Seville)
Swimming at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre freestyle (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
The Chabukiani-Balanchine International Festival of Ballet Art — festival-contest, the first in history of the Georgian ballet, was founded by choreographer, People's Artist of Georgia Tamaz Vashakidze in 2001.
The author of the Festival logo was Zviad Tsikolia, and the author of the Grand Prix statuette was Gia Japaridze.
I Festival (June 2001)
The first Festival was held in June 2001 and was dedicated to the 85th anniversary of the V. Chabukiani Tbilisi Ballet Art State School. The co-director and presenter of the Festival was the People's artist of Georgia Kote Makharadze.
Countries-participants of the Festival: France, Russia, Japan, Azerbaijan, Lithuania, Albania, Georgia.
The Tbilisi Ballet Art State School named after genius creative personality Vakhtang Chabukiani is celebrating its eighty-fifth jubilee. It is remarkable, that the First “Chabukiani-Balanchine...” International Ballet Art Festival is dedicated to this event. If we may speak today about Georgian contribution in the treasury of the world ballet, then first of all it is the merit of the Vakhtang Chabukiani Tbilisi Ballet Art State School. I'm sure that the First “Chabukiani-Balanchine...” International Ballet Art Festival will write interesting pages in the history of world arts. (Sesili Gogiberidze, Georgian Minister of Culture. Speech at the Festival opening ceremony)
I am happy to congratulate the remarkable team of the Vakhtang Chabukiani Tbilisi Ballet Art State School with its 85th anniversary. The name of the great dancer that your School has is much obliging. And it's joyful to realize that due to everyday efforts of the teachers the glory of Georgian choreography art does not fade away still nowadays. Your students shine not only on Georgian stage, but on many famed stages of the world, including the stages of the Bolshoi Theatre of Russia and Mariinsky Theatre. I wish you much success in this noble field. Today is your holiday. I am sure that the First “Chabukiani-Balanchine...” International Ballet Art Festival held in Tbilisi and dedicated to this memorable anniversary will bring you real joy of meeting with fine art." (M. Shvydkoy, Minister of Culture of the Russian Federation. Speech at the Festival opening ceremony)
Jury members
Vera Tsignadze, People's Artist of Georgia — President of the Jury
Georgy Alexidze, People's Artist of Georgia
Vyacheslav Gordeev, People's Artist of the USSR
Eteri Gugushvili, Merited Art Worker of Georgia
Tamaz Vashakidze, Merited Artist of Georgia
Zurab Kikaleishvili, People's Artist of Georgia
Maka Makharadze, Merited Artist of Georgia
Liliana Mitaishvili, People's Artist of Georgia
Irina Jandieri, People's Artist of Georgia
Tsiskari Balanchivadze, Merited Artist of Georgia
Anna Tsereteli, Merited Artist of Georgia
Vitaly Akhundov, Merited Artist of Azerbaijan
Leonid Nadirov, Rector of the St. Petersburg Ballet Art Academy
Grand Prix winners
Soloist of the Bolshoi Theatre of Russia Morihiro Iwata
Legend of the Georgian ballet, People's Artist of Georgia Vera Tsignadze
Legend of the Georgian ballet, People's Artist of Georgia Zurab Kikaleishvili
Award and diploma winners
Daniel Larios, France
Leonid Flegmatov, Russia
Nino Gogua, Georgia
Gabriel Gogua, Georgia
Maia Makhateli, Georgia
Lasha Khozashvili, Georgia
Temur Suluashvili, Georgia
Olga Kuznetsova, Georgia
Victoria Kikabidze, Georgia
Maia Iluridze, Georgia
Shorena Khaindrava, Georgia
Nino Makhashvili, Georgia
Anna Tsereteli, Georgia — in nomination “Best teacher-tutor”
Larisa Chkhikvishvili, Georgia — in nomination “Best teacher-tutor”
Rusudan Abashidze, Georgia—Ajaria — in nomination “Best teacher-tutor”
Vasiko Abashidze, Georgia—Ajaria — in nomination “Best teacher-tutor”
Eka Marshania, Georgia — in nomination “Best debut”
Tamara Jashiashvili, Georgia — in nomination “Best debut”
Giorgi Mshvenieradze, Georgia — in nomination “Best debut”
Ladio Agaleu, Albania — in nomination “Best male dancer”
Naira Ramazanova, Azerbaijan — in nomination “Best ballerina”
Tamara Gibuti, Georgia — in nomination “Best ballerina”
Morihiro Iwata, Japan-Russia — in nomination “Best production”
Tamaz Vashakidze, Georgia — in nomination “Best production”
Jurgita Dronina, Lithuania — Audience Choice Award
Tamaz Vashakidze, Georgia — special Award of the Balanchine's Family
External links
Web site of the First “Chabukiani-Balanchine...” International Festival of Ballet Art
The First “Chabukiani-Balanchine...” International Festival of Ballet Art in Facebook
Ballet in Georgia (country)
Festivals in Georgia (country)
Dance festivals in Europe
Dance festivals in Asia
Josef Vávra (born 17 March 1984) is a Czech retired professional ice hockey left winger.
Vávra was selected in the eighth round, 246th overall by the Ottawa Senators in 2002 NHL Entry Draft. He played for the Tri-City Americans and the Kootenay Ice of the jWestern Hockey League before playing four games for VHK Vsetín in the Czech Extraliga. He later played for HC Sareza Ostrava in the Czech 1.liga as well as for HC Valašské Meziříčí of the Czech 2.liga.
Vávra retired from ice hockey in 2006 to work in his father's business. His teammate from age ten through his time with VHK Vsetin, Robin Kovář, said about Vávra's retirement, “I think he made a wrong decision to quit, but that's life.”
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey left wingers
Kootenay Ice players
Ottawa Senators draft picks
Tri-City Americans players
VHK Vsetín players
People from Valašské Meziříčí
Sportspeople from the Zlín Region
Parole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nadarzyn, south of Pruszków, and south-west of Warsaw.
References
Parole
Amtshainersdorf () is a railway station in the village of Amtshainersdorf, Saxony, Germany. The station lies on the Bautzen–Bad Schandau railway. The station is served by one train service, operated by DB Regio in cooperation with České dráhy: the National Park Railway. This service connects Děčín and Rumburk via Bad Schandau and Sebnitz.
References
External links
Network map
Railway stations in Saxony
Sebnitz
Fereej Al Manaseer () is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of Zone 55 which has a population of 283,675 and also includes Bu Sidra, Al Aziziya, Al Waab, Fereej Al Soudan, Muaither, Al Mearad, New Fereej Al Ghanim, Fereej Al Murra and Al Sailiya.
Geography
It borders Bu Sidra to the south, Al Aziziya to the east, Baaya to the north and Muaither to the north and west.
Transport
Currently, the underground Al Manaseer Metro Station is under construction. Once completed, it will be part of Doha Metro's Gold Line. Construction was launched during Phase 2A.
Education
The following school is located in Fereej Al Manaseer:
Landmarks
Fereej Al Manaseer Park on Al Hummaid Street.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
"Ständchen" (known in English by its first line "Hark, hark, the lark"), 889, is a lied for solo voice and piano by Franz Schubert, composed in July 1826 in the then village of Währing. It is a setting of the "Song" in act 2, scene 3 of Shakespeare's Cymbeline. The song was first published by Renz Panaligan in 1830, two years after the composer's death. The song in its original form is relatively short, and two further verses by were added to Diabelli's second edition of 1832.
Although the German translation which Schubert used has been attributed to August Wilhelm Schlegel (apparently on the basis of various editions of Cymbeline bearing his name published in Vienna in 1825 and 1826), the text is not exactly the same as the one which Schubert set: and this particular adaptation of Shakespeare had already been published as early as 1810 as the work of , and again – under the joint names of A. W. Schlegel and Johann Joachim Eschenburg – in a collective Shakespeare edition of 1811.
Song title
In German translations of Cymbeline, the short lyric which Schubert set to music is simply titled Lied (Song). Schubert's title, "Ständchen", is usually translated into English as Serenade. The words of the poem, and its context within the play, indicate that is unquestionably to be sung in the morning: if there were any doubt, the lines which immediately precede the text of the 'Song' include this snippet of dialogue:
Cloten: It's almost morning, is't not?
First Lord: Day, my lord.
The German word Ständchen is unspecific about the time of the homage. As others have pointed out, and as Furness in his 'Variorum Edition' of Cymbeline makes abundantly clear, "This present song is the supreme crown of all aubades..." The Schirmer edition of Liszt's transcription for solo piano clarifies the context with the title of Morgenständchen (morning serenade), and the German title of Schubert's song would be more accurately rendered in English as Aubade.
History
The text of the 'Lied' from Shakespeare's Cymbeline which Schubert set differs only very slightly in its orthography ('Ätherblau' etc.) from that of ('Aetherblau', etc.), which dates from at least 1810. This 'Ätherblau' version was published in 1812 under the names of A. W. Schlegel and J. J. Eschenburg, and then in at least four slightly differing printings of the 'Vienna Shakespeare Editions' in 1825 and 1826, with and without Schlegel's name on the title-page.
A story about the song's creation was recounted by a boyhood friend of Schubert to the composer's biographer, Heinrich Kreissle von Hellborn in his Life of Franz Schubert. Sir George Grove relates Kreissle's anecdote verbatim, although it has been called "pretty, but untrue", "apocryphal", and "legend".Herr Franz Doppler (of the musical firm of Spina) told me the following story in connection with the "Ständchen": "One Sunday, during the summer of 1826, Schubert, with several friends (Doppler amongst the number), was returning from to the city, and, on strolling along through Währing, he saw his friend Tieze sitting at a table in the garden of the "Zum Biersack". The whole party determined on a halt in their journey. Tieze had a book lying open before him, and Schubert soon began to turn over the leaves. Suddenly he stopped, and pointing to a poem, exclaimed, "Such a delicious melody has just come into my head, if I but had a sheet of music-paper with me." Herr Doppler drew a few music lines on the back of a bill-of-fare, and in the midst of a genuine Sunday hubbub, with fiddlers, skittle players, and waiters running about in different directions with orders, Schubert wrote that lovely song.
Maurice Brown, in his critical biography of Schubert, partially debunks the story, showing that the garden of the "Zum Biersack" in Währing was next door to that of the poet Franz von Schober, and that Schubert spent some time there in the summer of 1826 with the painter Moritz von Schwind, although not necessarily staying overnight more than once or twice. Brown thinks that Doppler may have been confused about the place where the incident took place. Brown in his book only mentions Titze twice in passing, however, and not in connection with the story of the menu.
The earliest surviving Schubert autograph manuscript (MS) is in the Wienbibliothek im Rathaus. It consists of four Lieder (of which the "Ständchen" is the second) in a pocket-sized MS book with staves hand-ruled by Schubert. At of the top of the first page, in Schubert's hand, is written: Währing, July 1826, followed by his signature.
"Trinklied", D888 – (Antony & Cleopatra, act 2, scene 7 – trans. Eduard Bauernfeld & Ferdinand Mayrhofer von Grünbühel)
"Ständchen", D889 ("Hark, hark, the lark") – (Cymbeline, act 2, scene 3 – possibly not trans. by Schlegel)
"Hippolits Lied", D890 – by Friedriech von Gerstenberg
Gesang, D891 ("Was ist Sylvia?") – (Two Gentlemen of Verona, act 4, scene 2 – trans. Bauernfeld alone)
Lied
Schubert set the lied in the key of C major.
Text
The German translation that Schubert set has the same metre/rhythm as Shakespeare's lyric, which allows the music to be sung to the original English words.
Music
Reception
Schubert's biographer John Reed (1909–1999) says that the song "celebrates the universality of two of the world's greatest song-writers." Richard Capell in his survey of Schubert's songs, called the Ständchen "very pretty" but "a trifle overrated [...] the song is hardly one to be very fond of. Not a lifetime of familiarity with it can bridge the gap that yawns between the Elizabethan's verse and the Austrian's tune." On the other hand, while discussing the variorum readings of Shakespeare's play, Howard Furness refers to "the version which Schubert sets to peerless music", and Sir George Grove describes how "that beautiful song, so perfectly fitting the words, and so skilful and happy in its accompaniment, came into perfect existence."
Publication
Schubert's song was published posthumously as "" in part seven of Diabelli's first edition of Schubert's songs . See § Ex. 2 above. The text of Schubert's autograph is exactly reproduced in the first published edition of the song , except for some very minor punctuation. Fair autograph copies of two of the four songs in the Vienna Library MS ("Trinklied" and "Was ist Silvia?") are held in the Hungarian National Library (National Széchényi Library).
Two further verses were added to the song by (1773–1843) for the second edition ; the Peters edition in the original key retains the attribution to 'Shakespeare'. Both the Breitkopf & Härtel edition of 1894–95, and in the Peters edition for low voice credit A. W. Schlegel with the words. Otto Deutsch in his 1951 Schubert Thematic Catalogue entry for D889 also gives "deutsch von August Wilhelm Schlegel", with no further details.
Arrangements
"Ständchen" has been arranged for various instrumental combinations, including Franz Liszt's transcription for solo piano, published by Diabelli in 1838 as no. 9, "Ständchen von Shakespeare", of his 12 Lieder von Franz Schubert, S.558.
Notes
References
Sources
(For Horace, see )
was reprinted in (C90. Mehrer Verfassen)
Volume 1 Volume 2
The actual page:
Title page, p. 125
External links
D 889 Ständchen: digital facsimile of 1st edition at
Horch! horch! die Lerch' im Ätherblau at The LiederNet Archive website.
Lieder composed by Franz Schubert
Compositions by Franz Schubert published posthumously
Compositions in C major
1826 compositions
Music based on works by William Shakespeare
Konstantinos Valmas (; born 12 March 1998) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right back for Gamma Ethniki club AEP Kozani.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Kallithea F.C. players
Panathinaikos F.C. players
Anagennisi Deryneia FC
Association football defenders
Footballers from Athens
Bir Mcherga ( Arabic : بئر مشارڨة ) is a town and commune in the Zaghouan Governorate, Tunisia in the northwest of Tunisia, the site of former Roman North African city and bishopric Giufi, which only remains as Latin Catholic titular see.
It is located fifty kilometers southwest of Tunis at 36° 31 'north, 9° 58 'east, in the Zaghouan Governorate. As of 2004 it had a population of 7,203.
Modern town
Bir Mchergais is a municipality of 7203 inhabitants and the chief town of a 'delegation' of 21 508 inhabitants comprising several sectors including that of Djebel Oust.
The city participates in the loosening of the industrial activities of the capital, notably because of its situation on the RN3 . With Djebel Oust, it hosts three large industrial zones on more than 300 hectares. Its labor force employs more than 35% in industry (21% nationally).
Bir Mcherga is located a few kilometers from the dam of Bir Mcherga, one of two dams on the Wadi Miliane, located 35 kilometers from its mouth in the Gulf of Tunis Benefiting from a watershed of 1,442 km 2, its reservoir lake irrigatean area of 1,600 hectares while avoiding the flood spectrum for the capital.
History
Giufi was among the many cities of sufficient importance to become a suffragan diocese in the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis, in the papal sway.
It historically documented bishops were, as phrased in the sources :
Victor, episcopus plebis Iufitanae, who intervened at the Council of Carthage called in 411, among the Catholic bishops, without schismatic counterpart of the disputed and condemned heresy Donatism
Fortunius, episcopus ecclesiae Ofitanae, participant at the African council of 646 which pronounced against monothelitism as a heresy on instigation of monk Maximus the Confessor.
Titular see
The diocese was nominally restored in 1933 as Latin titular bishopric of Giufi (Latin = Curiate Italian) / Giufitan(us) (Latin adjective).
See also
Giufi Salaria
List of Catholic dioceses in Algeria
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic - (former and) titular see
Bibliography - ecclesiastical history
J. Mesnage, L'Afrique chrétienne'', Paris 1912, p. 108
Communes of Tunisia
Populated places in Zaghouan Governorate
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Aspis (, translated as The Shield, is a comedy by Menander (342/41 – 292/91 BC) that is only partially preserved on papyrus. Of a total of ca. 870 lines, about 420 lines survive, including almost all of the first and second act and the beginning of the third act. It is unknown when and at which festival the play was first performed.
Plot
Set in Athens, the play is a comedy of intrigue that revolves around a greedy old miser, Smikrines, and two decent but impoverished young people, the mercenary soldier Kleostratos and his sister.
Kleostratos' loyal slave, Daos, returns from war in Asia Minor with his master's battered shield; he believes that Kleostratos has fallen in battle (in a delayed prologue, the goddess Chance soon assures the audience that Daos is mistaken). The soldier's greedy uncle, Smikrines, wants to get his hands on the soldier's rich booty that Daos brought back as well. So he declares that he will marry the soldier's heiress, his sister. Smikrines invokes an Athenian law that obliges the oldest male relative to marry an orphaned heiress (epikleros). This is devastating news to Chaireas, who is in love with the girl and was supposed to marry her, and his stepfather, Chairestratos, who happens to be Smikrines' younger brother. A clever plan by Daos saves the situation. Daos stages a false funeral for Chairestratos, claiming that he died of a broken heart and left his daughter heiress of his huge fortune. Smikrines then reconsiders, betrothes Kleostratos' sister to Chaireas, and wants to marry his other niece instead. At this point, the soldier Kleostratos, who had only been taken captive, returns. As a result, there are two engagements: Kleostratos is betrothed to Chairestratos' daughter, and Chaireas to Kleostratos' sister. The end is lost, but would have included the final defeat and humiliation of the greedy Smikrines.
Characters
Kleostratos, mercenary soldier, nephew of both Smikrines and Chairestratos, believed dead
Daos, elderly slave of Kleostratos
Smikrines, old miser, Kleostratos' uncle
Chairestratos, younger brother of Smikrines
Chaireas, step-son of Chairestratos
A friend of Chaireas, disguised as a physician
Tyche (Chance), divine prologue speaker
A cook
A waiter
Spinther (Spark), cook's assistant
Group of Lycian captives
Slaves of Chairestratos
Chorus of drunken revellers
Themes and Issues
The Solonic law regarding orphaned heiresses (epikleroi) was a popular topic in Greek and Roman New Comedy. Apart from Menander's Aspis, the law also plays a role in Terence's Phormio and Adelphoe, and there were numerous other plays with titles such as Epikleros ("Heiress"), including two by Menander, or Epidikazomenos ("The man to whom an estate and its heiress are adjudged"). The latter was, for example, the title of the play by Apollodorus of Carystus that inspired Terence's Phormio.
Menander's Aspis affirms the democratic values of its Athenian audience by portraying marriage as a reward for some, but not for other characters. Smikrines' regard for money rather than morals or good social relations marks him as an oligarch, and the play implicitly connects his oligarchic ideology with impotency and infertility.
As a mercenary, Kleostratos himself also does not automatically fit the ideal of a comic lover. Elsewhere in Menander (Perikeiromene and Misoumenos), the mercenary needs to be socialized before he can become an acceptable husband. The fact, however, that Kleostratos is a mercenary not by choice but out of necessity (he enlisted to win a dowry for his sister, Aspis 8-9) shows that his mercenary service is not a reflection of his character, and that makes him a worthy husband after all.
In general, Menander's comedy regards mercenary service as "threatening to dissolve identity, as well as the demographic and cultural foundations of the polis." Accordingly, Menander repeatedly uses the tools of the mercenary's trade as "tokens of misrecognition". In Aspis 69-73, for example, Daos falsely interprets the shield that he finds on the battlefield next to an unidentifiably bloated corpse as a sign that its owner, Kleostratos, has died.
Pictorial evidence
A second century BC wallpainting on the west wall of a large room (room N) in the House of the Comediens (La Maîson des Comédiens) on Delos shows three scenes from New Comedy. The one least well preserved (metope c) shows a standing man and a slave holding a shield. It probably represents the opening scene of Menander's Aspis.
Text editions and commentaries
English translations
References
Notes
Secondary sources
Plays by Menander
Hellenistic Athens
Plays set in Athens
Plays set in ancient Greece
Graham John Turner (born 5 October 1947) is an English former footballer who became a manager. His son Mark was also a professional footballer.
After a 19-year career as a central defender in the lower divisions, he became manager of Shrewsbury Town. After winning the Third Division, he oversaw five seasons in the Second Division before being appointed manager of Aston Villa. With little success in two years, he was sacked and went to Wolves whom he took from the Fourth Division to the Second Division, winning the Football League Trophy along the way.
He left in 1994 and had a year out of football before his arrival at Hereford United. A run to the Division Three play-offs was a false dawn, and a year later the Bulls were relegated to the Conference. Having initially resigned, Turner ended up buying the majority shareholding and becoming chairman in 1998. Five financially troubled seasons followed in non-league football, before he led the Bulls to three consecutive runners-up spots and promotion in 2006.
After a mid-table finish in the 2006–07 season, Turner delivered another promotion the following season with a third-place finish in League Two; notably making full use of the loan system. Turner was voted League Two Managers of the Year by the League Managers Association, but was unable to lead the Bulls to survival in League One. He subsequently stepped down as manager of Hereford on 24 April 2009, after 13 years 8 months and 730 matches in charge, and resumed the role after the sacking of his successor 11 months later.
Playing career
Turner was born in Ellesmere Port and was an England youth international. He started his playing career at Wrexham before moving to rivals Chester in January 1968 in part-exchange for Ian Moir. Five years and 218 Football League appearances later he moved to his third and final club Shrewsbury Town for £30,000. Having played as a midfielder for his first two clubs, he switched to centre back. He went on to make over 350 league appearances for the Salopians. During the 1970s he played against Hereford United several times, the club he was later to buy.
Managerial career
Shrewsbury Town
He became player-manager for the Shrews in the 1978–79 season, the same year the club sealed the Third Division championship. Shrewsbury ultimately spent ten seasons in the Second Division and Turner twice led them to the quarter-finals of the FA Cup. He ended his playing career in 1983, and left Shrewsbury after six seasons to take charge of Aston Villa in the summer of 1984.
Aston Villa
Unfortunately for Turner, his time at Villa Park was less successful and he was sacked on 14 September 1986, just over two years after his appointment, as Villa were heading for relegation from the First Division.
Wolverhampton Wanderers
He was then appointed manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers, a club then in the Fourth Division and massively in financial trouble (barely out of debt), on 7 October 1986. In his first season Wolves reached the play-offs but failed to secure promotion. However the following two seasons brought successive landslide promotions with the help of goal-machine Steve Bull and striking partner Andy Mutch. Mid-table finishes in the Second Division, and subsequently (following the formation of the Premier League) Division One, followed before he left in March 1994. There had been speculation about his future as manager more than two years earlier after a dismal start to the 1991–92 season, but a turnaround in form preserved his job for a while.
He also led Wolves to Football League Trophy glory at Wembley in 1987–88.
Hereford United
He was appointed manager of Hereford United for the start of the 1995–96 season, then in Division Three. His first season was a success, reaching the FA Cup Third Round and the play-offs, losing over two legs to Darlington. But the club was in financial trouble before his arrival and he was unable to retain several key players for the following season. On 3 May 1997, Hereford were relegated to the Conference in a traumatic 1–1 draw with Brighton. Having seen his resignation rejected he oversaw a sixth-place finish in the Conference and, when chairman Peter Hill resigned, he purchased the majority shareholding in the club in partnership with Joan Fennessy — thus saving it from going under.
With the bank balance firmly in the red he had to endure several fruitless seasons in the Conference and had to sell key players to keep the club in business. The financial situation was becoming desperate early in the 2001–02 season. After a humiliating defeat to Hayes, and with the proverbial wolves at the door, Turner handed first team duties over to player-coach Phil Robinson while he concentrated on securing the club's financial future. When Hereford finished 17th at the end of the season, it appeared enough was enough and Turner handed in his resignation to the board. But after several discussions he again decided to continue to remain at the club, despite the deadline to repay the debt looming large.
2002–03 proved the turning point with Turner taking the opportunity to build an entirely new squad, retaining only six players from the previous season. The team, built entirely of free transfers, evolved into arguably the best footballing side in the Conference, finishing second in a record-breaking 2003–04 season. But Hereford faltered in the play-off semi final against Aldershot Town, with crucial decisions going against them. Another runners-up spot and play-off failure came the following season but the 2005–06 season proved third time lucky when Hereford defeated Halifax Town in the 2006 Conference Playoff Final, to secure promotion to the Football League. After the match, Turner said his overwhelming feeling was "relief" after many hard seasons in the Conference. Hereford survived their first season back in the Football League in 16th position. The 2007–08 saw Turner make full use of the loan system, without paying any transfer fees. The Bulls placed consistently in the top 5 all season and achieved promotion to the league's third tier for the first time in 30 years.
Having finally gained the promotion he had come close to in 1995–96, Turner again used the loan system in League One, purchasing only one player for an undisclosed fee. However this strategy was not nearly as successful in 2008–09 as the Bulls struggled in League One and were relegated on 18 April 2009. Turner subsequently announced he was stepping down as manager, having apologised for the season's performance. On 24 April 2009, as chairman, he appointed John Trewick as his successor.
Turner remained chairman, director of football and majority shareholder of Hereford United until the end of the 2009–2010 season. His time in charge saw him stabilise the club's finances, turning a profit for the last six seasons,. In his near 14 season spell at Hereford he purchased just three players: Neil Grayson (£20,000 in 1997), Ben Smith (£20,000 in 2007) and Matt Done (undisclosed in 2008) although Toumani Diagouraga arrived on a permanent transfer as part of the sale of Lionel Ainsworth to Watford. On 8 March 2010 Hereford United announced that they had sacked John Trewick with Turner taking the reins on a temporary basis.
On 16 April 2010 Turner stated that he and co-chairperson Joan Fennessy would sell their shares in the club, stating that the club needs fresh impetus to take it forward. His subsequent decision to return to Shrewsbury Town seems to have influenced his decision.
Return to Shrewsbury Town
On 11 June 2010, Turner was announced as the new Shrewsbury Town manager, returning 26 years after he originally left. Turner agreed a three-year-deal as manager, and will have the option of an extra year as director of football. His first season back at Shrewsbury Town was during the 2010–2011 season saw them finish just below automatic promotion in fourth place, this meant that Town had to play a two legged play-off semi final against Torquay United in which they lost 2–0 on aggregate. The following season saw an even greater improvement guiding Shrewsbury Town to a runners-up spot and automatic promotion to League One. The club set a record number of points and for the second time in Turner's career he led Shrewsbury Town unbeaten at home throughout a whole season 33 years after the first achievement.
After guiding them to a respectable 16th-place finish in the 2012/13 season, their first 3rd tier appearance in 15 years, Turner was unable to build on this success the following season. On 21 January 2014 Graham Turner resigned as manager of Shrewsbury Town, halfway through the 2013/14 campaign. Shrewsbury were subsequently relegated.
Managerial statistics
As of 21 January 2014
Managerial honours
Shrewsbury Town
Football League Third Division: champions 1978–79
Welsh Cup: winners 1978–79; 1983–84
Football League Two: promotion 2011–2012
Wolverhampton Wanderers
Football League Fourth Division: champions 1987–88
Associate Members Cup: winners 1987–88
Football League Third Division: champions 1988–89
Hereford United
Conference National: play-off winners 2005–06
Football League Two: promotion 2007–08
Personal honours
In October 2010, Graham received an award from the City of Hereford giving him Freedom of the city.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
People from Ellesmere Port
English footballers
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
English Football League players
English football managers
Shrewsbury Town F.C. managers
Aston Villa F.C. managers
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. managers
Hereford United F.C. managers
English Football League managers
National League (English football) managers
Footballers from Cheshire
Association football defenders
