Yasna Poliana () is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 69.79%
Russian 28.62%
Armenian 0.62%
Jewish 0.27%
Moldovan (Romanian) and Romani 0.18%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Haskell Glacier () is a small glacier descending from the Christoffersen Heights and draining west between Prism Ridge and the Forbidden Rocks, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Hugh B. Haskell, U.S. Navy, co-pilot on a pioneer flight of November 25, 1961 from Byrd Station to establish Sky-High Camp (later Eights Station) at .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Leo Lewis may refer to:
Leo Lewis (running back) (1933–2013), American football running back in the CFL
Leo Lewis (wide receiver) (born 1956), American football wide receiver in the NFL and CFL
Leo Rich Lewis (1865–1945), American composer
See also
Leonard Lewis
Leopold Lewis
Michael, Mick or Mike Malone may refer to:
Sports
Michael Malone (basketball) (born 1971), American basketball coach
Mick Malone (cricketer) (born 1950), Australian former cricketer
Mick Malone (hurler) (born 1950), Irish retired hurler
Others
Michael Malone (author) (1942–2022), American author and television writer
Michael Malone (businessman) (born 1969), former managing director and founder of Australian ISP iiNet
Michael E. Malone (born 1967), member of the Maryland House of Delegates
Michael P. Malone (1940–1999), American historian
Michael S. Malone (born 1954), American author and former Forbes editor
Characters
Michael Malone, a parody of Michael Moore, in the film An American Carol (2008)
Michael Malone, the druid and godfather of Ruth Galloway's daughter who goes by the name Cathbad, in Elly Griffiths' Ruth Galloway series of novels
Mike Malone, a character in the film 40 Guns to Apache Pass (1967)
Michael Malone, a character in The Unicorne Files series, by Chris d'Lacey
See also
John Michael Malone
The Firebird Grid is a German single-place, paraglider that was designed and produced by Firebird Sky Sports AG of Füssen in the mid-2000s. It is now out of production.
Design and development
The Grid was designed as an intermediate glider. The models are each named for their relative size.
Variants
Grid S
Small-sized model for lighter pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 50 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.29:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1-2 certified.
Grid M
Mid-sized model for medium-weight pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 50 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.29:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1-2 certified.
Grid L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 50 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.29:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 1-2 certified.
Specifications (Grid L)
References
Grid
Paragliders
Gheorghe Costin (born 1 May 1955 in Baia Mare) is a Romanian conductor and composer.
A disciple of Constantin Bugeanu in Bucharest's Music Academy, he spent two years at the head of the Târgu Mureş Philharmonic before he was appointed Principal Conductor of the Iaşi State Philharmonic, where he would remain for thirteen years (1988–2001).
At present, Gheorghe Costin is one of the Banatul Philharmonic of Timișoara conductors. He has been a member of the Romanian Composers' and Musicologists' Union (UCMR) since 1984.
External links
Romanian conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
People from Baia Mare
1955 births
Living people
21st-century conductors (music)
21st-century male musicians
Keep Singing! A Benefit Compilation for Compassion Over Killing is a benefit album by Exotic Fever Records supporting the non-profit animal rights advocacy group, Compassion Over Killing (now known as Animal Outlook). It compiles fifteen tracks from various (vegan) artists in promotion of the vegan diet. A vegan cookbook is also included with the physical copy of the CD in the liner notes and as a downloadable PDF file, which features favorite recipes from each band. The album was released on January 29, 2008 in CD and digital download format through Exotic Fever Records.
Track listing
Gina Young - "To Cool to Cry" 03:37
Strike Anywhere - "You Are Not Collateral Damage" 02:36
Life at These Speeds - "Waefae" 02:05
Attrition - "No Control" 04:12
In First Person - "Shades of Gray" 01:36
Sean McArdle - "I Go Shopping" 04:31
Now Sleepyhead - "Pandemic" 03:15
Sinaloa - "To Our End" 03:10
Wrong Day to Quit - "Wounds" 03:40
Kathy Cashel - "The Human Animal" 03:14
The Vonneguts - "Tonight's a Sadist" 03:09
Ampere - "Conquest Success" 00:33
des ark - "Punks in the Park" 01:29
Off Minor - "Abattoir" 01:22
Junius - "Lost in Basilica" 04:21
References
2008 compilation albums
Junius (band) albums
Zhang Zhongqi (, born November 2, 1982) is a long-track speed-skater who represented China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the Men's 500m.
References
Chinese male speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of China
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
1982 births
Living people
Speed skaters at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Speed skaters at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Speed skaters at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Sportspeople from Qiqihar
Universiade silver medalists for China
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Competitors at the 2005 Winter Universiade
Privation is the absence or lack of basic necessities.
Child psychology
In child psychology, privation occurs when a child has no opportunity to form a relationship with a parent figure, or when such relationship is distorted, due to their treatment. It is different to deprivation, which occurs when an established relationship is severed. It is understood that privation can produce social, emotional and intellectual problems for children; however, how inevitable such problems become as a result of privation, and the extent to which they can be reversed, remains an issue of debate among psychologists.
Philosophy
In philosophy, privation may refer to the absence of a necessary quality in the universe.
For example, as part of his theodicy, Augustine denied the existence of evil as its own entity; rather, he described evil as a privation, or going wrong, of good, privatio boni.
Jewish philosopher Maimonides argued that privation is not necessarily a bad thing: it would be trivial to regard the privation of hair – baldness – as an evil.
References
Developmental psychology
Carlos Rafael Fernández (born 1954) is an Argentine economist and was, from April 2008 to July 2009, the Minister of the Economy of the country.
Biography
Fernández was born in La Plata, Argentina, in 1954, and was raised in nearby City Bell. Enrolling at the prestigious University of La Plata, he received a degree in economics in 1979, specializing in public administration. Affiliated to the populist Justicialist Party, the new administration of Carlos Menem appointed him Director of National Budget Policy for Provincial Spending. Remaining in the post during the difficult transition of numerous important federal programs to provincial budgets, Fernández was appointed Undersecretary of Budgetary Policy for the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina's largest, in 1997 by Governor Eduardo Duhalde.
Following the May 2003 election of Governor Néstor Kirchner as President, Fernández was named Secretary for Provincial Relations, the President's chief liaison with the nation's Governors, remaining in the post until May 2006 to fill a vacancy in the Domestic Economy Secretariat (an important post in the Economy Ministry). Tapped as Economy Minister of the Province of Buenos Aires by Governor Felipe Solá in March 2007, he was returned to the President's office as Budget Director on Cristina Kirchner's inauguration in December of that year.
A conflict between the National Customs Administrator, Ricardo Echegaray, and the head of the National Revenue Bureau, Alberto Abad, led to the dismissal of both and to Fernández's appointment on March 18, 2008 as National Revenue chief. Following the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector, touched off by a proposed increase in export taxes, the economist's non-confrontational style helped lead to his April 25 replacement of the less conciliatory Martín Lousteau as Minister of the Economy.
The ruling Front for Victory's defeat in the June 28, 2009, mid-term elections led to a cabinet reshuffle, and Fernández tendered his resignation to the President, effective July 7. He was replaced by Amado Boudou, Director of the National Social Security Administration (ANSeS).
References
1954 births
Living people
Argentine Ministers of Finance
People from La Plata
National University of La Plata alumni
Argentine people of Spanish descent
Justicialist Party politicians
Beit 'Anan () is a Palestinian village in northwest Jerusalem. In 2010, it had a population of 4,982. Some residents of Beit 'Anan hold Israeli identity cards, while others hold Palestinian identity cards.
History
In 1159, Bethanam is mentioned in Crusader sources in connection with defining the borders between it and Parva Mahomeria.
In 1883, Survey of Western Palestine suggested that Beit 'Anan was identical with the Crusader village of Beithumen, a fief of the Holy Sepulchre in the twelfth century. However, in 1887 Röhricht thought it was a more likely that Beitunia was Beithumen, and in 1890 Conder agreed fully with Röhricht.
Ottoman era
Beit 'Anan was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1517 with all of Palestine, and in 1596 it appeared in the tax registers as being in the Nahiya of Quds of the Liwa of Quds. It had a population of 28 households, all Muslim, who paid a fixed tax sum of 3,400 akçes.
Around 1740 Richard Pococke noted Beit 'Anan after travelling from Nabi Samwil.
In 1838 it was noted as a Muslim village, located in the Beni Malik area, west of Jerusalem.
In 1863 Victor Guérin visited the village, and estimated that it had 600 inhabitants, while an official Ottoman village list of about 1870 showed that "Bet 'Anan" had 59 houses and a population of 220, though the population count included only men. In 1883, the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine (SWP) described the village as "a small village on top of a flat ridge; near a main road to the west are remains of a Khan with water, and about a mile to the east is a spring."
In 1896 the population of Beit 'Anan was estimated to be about 450 persons.
British Mandate era
Beit 'Anan was captured by British forces in the 1917 Battle for Jerusalem during their campaign in Palestine against the Ottomans. It was described as a village situated on the hill commanding Dukka from the south, on the road to Kubeibeh, identified as ancient Emmaus.
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities, "Bait 'Inan" had a population of 509 Muslims, increasing in the 1931 census to a population of 654 Muslims, in 162 houses.
In the 1945 statistics Beit I'nan had a population of 820, all Muslims, with 10,105 dunams of land, according to an official land and population survey. Of this, 2,015 dunams were plantations and irrigable land, 2,471 used for cereals, while 63 dunams were built-up (urban) land.
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Beit 'Anan came under Jordanian rule. It was annexed by Jordan in 1950.
In 1961, the population of Beit I'nan was 1,255.
Post-1967
Since the Six-Day War in 1967, Beit 'Anan has been under Israeli occupation. The population of Beit Inan in the 1967 census conducted by the Israeli authorities was 1,261, of whom 212 originated from the Israeli territory.
After the 1995 accords, about 12.9% of the land (or 1,309 dunams) was classified as Area B, and the remaining 87.1% (or 8,797 dunams) as Area C.
The Israeli plans for the Separation Wall will isolate a total of 1,009 dunams of village land on, or behind the wall, out of reach for its Palestinian owners.
In 2012 the Beit Anan population was near five thousand with four thousand more migrants and their descendants. There are nearly 2,000 living in Jordan, most in Zarqa. More than 2,000 live in the United States, most of whom live in the Paterson, New Jersey area. Others live in Louisiana, Illinois, Ohio, and Florida, with a few living in Michigan. Some of their descendants live in Brazil. Migration from Beit Anan began in the early fifties. Then, nearly all headed to Brazil via the sea. Since the late sixties and until today migration from Beit Anan has been nearly entirely to the United States.
Education and culture
Beit 'Anan has an UNRWA school for girls with 560 students, two elementary schools for boys and three kindergartens. The Abu Ayob al-Ansary mosque is located in Beit 'Anan. The village has two health clinics and several sports clubs. In 2009, a four-day culture festival was held in Beit Anan and was attended by more than 15,000 people.
Biddu enclave
Beit 'Anan along with Biddu, Beit Duqqu, Beit Surik, Qatanna, al Qubeida, Beit Ijza, Kharayib Umm al Lahim and at Tira form the "Biddu enclave." The enclave will be linked to Ramallah by underpasses and a fenced road.
West Bank barrier
In July 2004, the Israeli High Court of Justice cancelled military orders for the confiscation of hundreds of dunams of village land to build the separation barrier. The barrier would have passed close to Beit 'Anan and cut off the village from a lot of its land. Following the ruling, the barrier was rerouted at a greater distance from the village.
References
Bibliography
External links
Beit 'Anan website (Arabic)
Welcome To Bayt I'nan
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 17: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Beit 'Anan Town (Fact Sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem (ARIJ)
Beit 'Anan Town Profile, ARIJ
Beit 'Anan aerial photo, ARIJ
Locality Development Priorities and Needs in Beit 'Anan, ARIJ
Villages in the West Bank
Jerusalem Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Great Santa Cruz Island is a small inhabited island in Zamboanga City in the southern region of the Philippines that is famous for its pink coralline sand. The island, located south of downtown at the Santa Cruz Bank in the Basilan Strait, boasts one of the pink sand beaches in the Philippines. The color of the sand comes from the pulverized red organ pipe coral from eons of surf erosion mixed with the white sand.
The island started to become popular since the 1970s and early 1980s when it was frequented by German, Japanese and Italian tourists. Recently, there's an upsurge of tourists that has been recorded due to its rising popularity as one of a handful of Pink Sand Beaches in the World and is the only one in Asia. In 2017, it was recognized by National Geographic as one of the 21 Best Beaches in the World.
Conservation
The Great Santa Cruz Island together with Little Santa Cruz Island are protected areas in Region 9 of the Philippines. Jointly called the Great and Little Sta. Cruz Islands Protected Landscape & Seascape, it was declared as such on April 23, 2000 with the signing of Proclamation No. 271. The park has a total area of .
Recent illegal coral reef mining has destroyed most Great Santa Cruz Island's vast coral reef population leaving the former colorful corals as dead skeletal reefs. The city government of Zamboanga is planning to improve the island for the preservation, protection, conservation and rehabilitation of the island's ecosystem. The plan also involves developing the island for ecotourism. The improvement would include rehabilitating the present structures on the island. New infrastructures that need to be constructed would be low in profile using materials indigenous to the area, in hope of lessening its impact to the environment. The development plan is expected to be completed in 3 to 5 years time.
Getting to the island
A trip to the island is booked inside Paseo del Mar.
Gallery
See also
List of protected areas of the Philippines
List of islands in the Philippines
References
External links
Great Santa Cruz Island at OpenStreetMap
Great Santa Cruz Island Guide
Islands of Zamboanga City
Beaches of the Philippines
Protected landscapes and seascapes of the Philippines
Tourist attractions in Zamboanga City
The 2015 Ecuadorian protests were a series of protests against the government of President Rafael Correa. Protests began in the first week of June, triggered by legislation increasing inheritance and capital gains taxes. By August, an alliance of rural farmworkers, Indigenous federations such as CONAIE, student groups, and labor unions had organised protests involving hundreds of thousands of people with a wide range of grievances, including the controversial tax laws; constitutional amendments removing presidential term limits; expanding oil and mining projects; water, education, and labour policies; a proposed free trade agreement with the European Union; and increasing repression of freedom of speech. On August 15, the government declared a state of exception that allowed the military to crackdown on protests.
Protestors blocked roads and declared a general strike in August. Violence and human rights violations were reported in clashes between militarised police and protestors.
Protestors stated that Correa wanted to follow "the same path as Venezuela's government," creating a "criminal war of classes," while President Correa stated that the protests were aimed at destabilizing the government, and the proposed measures were for combatting inequality.
Background
Throughout his presidency, Correa has been a controversial figure. Correa describes himself as an advocate of "socialism of the 21st century", a term referring to a form of democratic socialism previously used by Venezuela's Hugo Chávez. though he has also been described Correa as "a left-wing populist". Political science scholars George Philip and Francisco Panizza also claimed that like his allies Morales and Chávez, Correa should be categorized as a populist, because he appealed "directly to the people against their countries' political and economic order, divided the social field into antagonistic camps and promised redistribution and recognition in a newly founded political order."
The Washington Post characterized Correa's ideological approach as having contradictions however, and compared him to other pink tide presidents such as Bolivia's Evo Morales and Venezuela's Hugo Chávez. Though Correa, an economist, did not attack Ecuador's private sector like Chávez and Ecuador's socioeconomic environment flourished with decreased poverty, he did follow Chávez's example of filling the Supreme Court of Ecuador with his allies and attempted to silence critics. Such actions have resulted in Correa being accused of authoritarianism, nepotism, attacking dissidents and curtailing freedom of speech.
Though Correa had brought stability to the poor who supported him, he combatted with other social groups such as the media, the Catholic Church, bankers and indigenous groups, saying that those who protested against him were part of "a wealthy oligarchy", a similar approach to what his ally Nicolás Maduro did to those who opposed him.
Economic policies
Following years of heavy revenues from high oil prices that Correa experienced during his eight years as president, Ecuador experienced a 50% reduction in oil revenues. The government then cut its 2015 fiscal budget by 4% and initiated controversial economic measures that affected most Ecuadorians; both the middle class and the poor. In March 2015 when constitutional changes were proposed to allow the re-election of the president and government officials indefinitely while other labor and land ownership rules were submitted, protests numbered in thousands occurred in Quito that were organized by indigenous communities, unions and students. In June 2015, when the government proposed bills to tax inheritances up to 77.5% and a 75% tax on real estate capital gains to counter loss in oil revenue, protests in Ecuador became widespread, with protesters demanding Correa out and compared actions by the government to that of the Venezuelan government. According to economists, the proposed policies would damage Ecuador's economy and population since 95% of businesses are family owned.
Timeline of events
Protests began on 8 June 2015 and continued after President Correa temporarily withdrew the proposed tax bills on 15 June, The protests expanded in July through September to include a broader range of issues including constitutional amendments removing presidential term limits; expanding oil and mining projects; water, education, and labour policies; a proposed free trade agreement with the European Union; and increasing repression of freedom of speech.
June
Near the headquarters of Correa's party, Alianza País, about 1,000 people gathered on June 8, including opposition, pro-government demonstrators, and 100 police on standby. On June 10, thousands of protesters wearing black in "mourning" demonstrated in the capital city of Quito for the second time in a week. Government supporters confronted the protesters leading their own chants under an Alianza País banner. In other parts of the city, opposition and pro-government groups clashed.
On June 24, Guillermo Lasso led a march to the National Assembly of Ecuador to demand the permanent withdrawal of the proposed tax bills. Workers and trade unionists, mainly from the Frente Unitario de los Trabajadores (FUT), demonstrated in Quito denouncing Correa's policies, calling them "anti-popular" and were planning a national strike. Mesías Tatamuez, leader of FUT stated that the protests weren't related to taxes and weren't intended to destabilize of the Ecuadorian government as President Correa had stated. The workers' protests involved the sweeping of streets to represent the "cleansing" of corruption from Ecuador and the burning of an Alianza País flag.
On June 25 in Guayaquil, Mayor Jaime Nebot led a demonstration of about 400,000 people, or about 20% of the city's population. The demonstrators gathered in light blue and white colors of Guayaquil's flag, and Nebot stated that he was not protesting against Correa but the "totalitarian system" he said Correa wanted to impose. Public buildings near the march were decorated by the Ecuadorian government, including a banner denouncing the accumulation of wealth.
In Quito, demonstrators congregated on Shyris Avenue and Mayor Mauricio Rodas denounced the new taxes.
July
In Quito, Guayaquil, Cuenca and other cities, thousands protested against Correa on July 2, days before Pope Francis' visit to the country. The Ecuadorian government held a countering rally at the president's palace.
Hundreds also protested on July 9 outside of the Alianza País headquarters denouncing the proposed taxes and alleged autocratic and corrupt actions. The protesters waited for Pope Francis to complete his visit to Ecuador before protesting again.
August
In early August, workers, union leaders and Indigenous leaders blocked roads to Quito and other cities in opposition to the taxes and the proposed constitutional amendment allowing unlimited terms for re-election. They also called for a general strike. Tens of thousands of people demonstrated in Quito, and thousands of Indigenous people marched hundreds of miles to Quito in protests of oil and mining projects. CONAIE and other social movements joining the march called on the government to end police brutality against protestors and release detainees.
On August 15, the government declared a state of exception allowing the military to crackdown on protests. The measure was officially a response to increasing activity of the Cotopaxi volcano, but it applied to the entire country. CONAIE and other groups critised the measure for its broad application outside the area of the volcano.
Additional marches protesting the constitutional amendments and resource extraction projects took place in September.
Public opinion
According to Cedatos-Gallup International polls from six major cities in Ecuador between 10 and 11 June, 70% of Ecuadorians disapproved of the real estate tax and 72% disapproved of the inheritance tax. Cedatos also observed President Correa's popularity drop from around 60% in recent years to 42% in 2015.
Polls also showed that a clear majority of people favored a popular referendum on the constitutional amendment permitting indefinite re-elections.
Internet outages
While protesters were demonstrating in Quito and Guayaquil, some internet users were unable to connect to a network with explanations ranging from network over-saturation to the use of signal jammers by the Ecuadorian government. The use of peer-to-peer applications increased during the protests due to the network problems with Opposition Senator Andres Paez recommending the use of the FireChat app. The media also reported Denial-of-service attacks and the creation of fake media accounts to falsify reports. It has also been reported that the Ecuadorian government uses "troll centers" to attack their opposition.
See also
2012 Ecuadorian protests
2019 Ecuadorian protests
2020 Ecuadorian protests
2022 Ecuadorian protests
2014–15 Venezuelan protests
2015 protests in Brazil
List of protests in the 21st century
References
Sources
Political history of Ecuador
Ecuador
Protests in Ecuador
2015 in Ecuador
June 2015 events in South America
July 2015 events in South America
August 2015 events in South America
September 2015 events in South America
The men's 150m individual medley events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
SM3
Heats
11 swimmers from 11 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 13 June 2022.
SM4
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Corrvine Patterson (1848 – unknown) was a businessman and politician. He was an influential figure in the early history of the African American community in Wyandotte County.
Early life
Patterson was born to slaves in Howard County, Missouri. He was self-educated.
Career
Patterson served the Union Army in the Civil War. Around 1868, he left service and moved to the town of Wyandotte, Kansas. He labored for the railroad, opened a grocery store in the 1870s, owned several tracts of land in what is now downtown Kansas City, Kansas, and opened a cesspool and vault cleaning service. He quit his grocery store in favor of a full-time political career spanning many offices. In 1889, he was appointed street commissioner. He became city marshal and deputy sheriff. By 1900, he was the elder statesman in the African American community of Wyandotte County.
Community Involvement
Patterson was a member of the First Baptist Church, and later a founding member of the Metropolitan Baptist Church.
Patterson was a civil rights activist. He was one of the main organizers helping Exodustersdestitute refugees of the Kansas Fever Exodus, in which tens of thousands of freed slaves fled the South in favor of eastern Kansas. He led efforts to save Freedman's University (later renamed Western University) in the neighboring town of Quindaro.
References
Further reading
1848 births
People from Howard County, Missouri
Union Army soldiers
American law enforcement officials
American civil rights activists
Year of death missing
This is a list of Procellariiformes species by global population. While numbers are estimates, they have been made by the experts in their fields. For more information on how these estimates were ascertained, see Wikipedia's articles on population biology and population ecology.
This list is not comprehensive, as not all Procellariiformes have had their numbers quantified.
Species by global population
See also
Lists of birds by population
Lists of organisms by population
References
Birds
Procellariiformes
Femina Potens (Latin: Powerful Woman) was a non-profit art gallery and performance art space located in San Francisco, California, founded in 2001 by artistic director Madison Young, which sought to bring greater visibility and advancement to female artists, including transgender ones.
As of 2019, Femina Potens closed its gallery at the Market St. location in San Francisco. The official website and social media pages are no longer active.
References
Information obtained from Madison Young through the feminapotens.org website, which is now defunct.
Contemporary art galleries in the United States
2001 establishments in California
Mission District, San Francisco
Art galleries established in 2001
LGBT arts organizations
Feminist art organizations in the United States
This is a list of yearly Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football standings.
Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football standings
References
Standings
Burton Albert Jastram (June 5, 1910 – May 20, 1995) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and won the Gold Medal as a member of the American boat in the Eights Competition at the Long Beach Marine Stadium, beating the Italian crew from the University of Pisa by inches. Jastram won 1st Place in Eight Oared Shell - 6m. 6s. in the final tryouts at Worcester, MA held by The American Olympic Committee to select a team to represent the United States of America at the games of the X Olympiad Los Angeles, California 1932.
Personal life
Burt Jastram was the son of Burton Albert Jastram Sr. and Alma Marie Smith of Lakeshore Avenue in Oakland and grandson of German immigrants, Joachim Christian Ludwig Jastram and Sophia Mernitz. He was born in San Francisco and raised as an only child. "Iron Man" Jastram, a graduate of Oakland High School, rowed in the No. 4 position and set the crew record of having more hours in the California university shell than any other oarsman at the time.
He graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a degree in Architecture and a seat on the United States' Olympic rowing crew. After winning his Olympic Gold Medal he did post-graduate work in Engineering and began a career with Standard Oil of California.
Jastram was Chief Architect with Standard Oil and supervised construction of the company's towers—one 20- and one 40-story building, as well as a garden plaza on Market Street in San Francisco.
On June 9, 1935, Jastram married Frances Wanless Christie. A daughter, Cathy Ann, was born to the couple on July 24, 1942.
Jastram belonged to the Museum Societies of both San Francisco and Oakland, Delta Sigma Chi Architectural Honor Society, National Trust for Historic Preservation, The Big "C" Society, and was a life member of the Mechanics' Institutes.
References
External links
Olympic Profile on DatabaseOlympics.com
The Crew of '32
California Golden Bears Olympians
1910 births
1995 deaths
Rowers from San Francisco
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
American male rowers
20th-century American architects
Professional certification in architecture
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
American people of German descent
Ciruelos is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2014 census, the municipality has a population of 611 inhabitants.
It was a filming location for the 1976 horror film Who Can Kill a Child?.
References
External links
auto
Municipalities in the Province of Toledo
Sommer-Melbu is an annual summer festival in Melbu, Norway, usually with seminars on literature and philosophy. Concerts, art exhibitions, organized leisure trips with sightseeing (often by boat/car or on foot), and activities for adults and children are usually on the program. The festival has been held yearly since the mid-1980s.
See also
www.sommermelbu.no
www.nordland-akademi.no
Festivals in Norway
Summer events in Norway
The Principality of Ratzeburg was a former state, existing from 1648 to 1918. It belonged to the imperially immediate territory of Duchy of Mecklenburg and was part of the Holy Roman Empire. Mecklenburg was split up in the third partition of Mecklenburg in the 1701 Treaty of Hamburg, which created the semi-ducal states of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and Mecklenburg-Strelitz, with the latter made up of the Principality of Ratzeburg and the Lordship of Stargard. Most of the Principality is now within the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
History
1648-1806
1815-1918
Later developments
Territories
18th century administrative divisions
Coat of arms
Bibliography
Gottlieb Matthias Carl Masch: Geschichte des Bisthums Ratzeburg. F. Aschenfeldt, Lübeck 1835 (Volltext).
Gottlieb Matthias Carl Masch: Das Ratzeburgische Wappen. In: Jahrbücher des Vereins für Mecklenburgische Geschichte und Altertumskunde . Band 1, 1836, S. 143–151
Gottlieb Matthias Carl Masch: Gesetze, Verordnungen und Verfügungen, welche für das Fürstenthum Ratzeburg erlassen sind. L. Bicker, Schönberg 1851
Theodor Scharenberg: Gesetze, Verordnungen und Verfügungen, welche in Kirchen- und Schulsachen für das Fürstentum Ratzeburg erlassen sind. Fortsetzung der Gesetzsammlung von Masch, soweit die letztere Kirchen- und Schulsachen betrifft. Spalding, Neustrelitz 1893
Reno Stutz: Ratzeburger Land. Mecklenburgs ungewöhnlicher Landesteil zwischen Wismar und Lübeck. 2. Auflage. Neuer Hochschulschriften Verlag, Rostock 1997, .
External links
http://www.landesbibliographie-mv.de/REL?PPN=247654159
http://www.pfhl.de/fuerstentum/index.html
Principalities of the Holy Roman Empire
History of Mecklenburg
Nordwestmecklenburg
Former states and territories of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
1701 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
William "Billy" Stirling MD LLD DSc FRSE (26 January 1851, in Grangemouth – 1 October 1932, in Manchester), was a Scottish physiologist. He served as professor of physiology and was a founder of the physiology department at the Victoria University of Manchester.
Life
He was born in Grangemouth on 26 January 1851.
He was educated at Dollar Academy, then studied science and medicine at the University of Edinburgh, graduating with a BSc with first class honours in 1870, DSc and MB CM both with similar distinction in 1872 and MD with gold medal in 1875. He then studied at the University of Leipzig under Professor Carl Ludwig, and at Paris under Professor Louis-Antoine Ranvier. Stirling was appointed demonstrator of zoology and, later, of physiology at the University of Edinburgh.
In 1877 he became Regius Professor of the Institutes of Medicine in the University of Aberdeen. His classroom was in Marischal College, but by then King's and Marischal Colleges had been united into one university. In the same year he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Sir Joseph Lister, Sir William Turner, John Hutton Balfour and William Rutherford. His predecessor's practical course had been limited to microscopic histology. Stirling introduced demonstrations of experimental physiology.
Stirling was, upon the resignation of Arthur Gamgee, appointed the Brackenbury Professor of Physiology and Histology at Owens College (in 1904 renamed the Victoria University of Manchester) from 1886 until his retirement in 1919. In the Brackenbury Professorship, he was succeeded by A. V. Hill.
Stirling was in 1902–1913 dean of the medical school of Owens College (renamed Victoria University of Manchester in 1904) and gave many public lectures on medicine and public health. After he became a professor at the University of Aberdeen he no longer did scientific research and concentrated on teaching, administration, and writing. His BMJ obituary notes that he was a fine lecturer for medical students and the general public, in that he was clear, precise and didactic: there was little weighing of arguments for and against physiological theories and certainly not much philosophical doubt.
He translated Leonard Landois's Lehrbuch der Physiologie des Menschen in 1884, adding some chapters of his own, including a detailed account of the examination of the chest and heart. He also wrote Outlines of Practical Physiology (1888) and Outlines of Practical Histology (1890). Stirling was in 1906–1909 Fullerian Professor of Physiology of the Royal Institution, London. He was a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was elected in 1877 a member of the Physiological Society.
Family
His son, William Stirling, became an ophthalmic surgeon in Manchester.
Works (selection)
A Manual of Human Physiology
A text-book of practical histology, 1881
Outlines of practical physiology: being a manual for the physiological laboratory, including chemical and experimental physiology, with reference to practical medicine, 1895
Some apostles of physiology : being an account of their lives and labours, labours that have contributed to the advancement of the healing art as well as to the prevention of disease. With Frederick Grant Banting, private printing, 1902
References
1851 births
1932 deaths
People educated at Dollar Academy
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Aberdeen
Academics of the University of Manchester
Scottish physiologists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fullerian Professors of Physiology
People from Grangemouth
Asankare is a town in the Asante Akim South Municipal of the Ashanti Region of Ghana. The town is known for the Asankare Youth Leadership and Skills Training Institute.
Asankare Electoral Area is one of the forty-six (46) Electoral Areas in the Asante Akim South Municipal Assembly. Honourable Michael Koomson is the Assembly Member of Asankare Electoral Area.
Asankare is located off Accra - Kumasi highway. Asankare is about 73 kilometres (45 miles) away from Kumasi, the Ashanti capital
Asankare had a settlement population of 2,958 people in 2010 (Source: Ghana Statistical Service).The people of Asankare are predominantly Akans with Ashanti origin with predominant occupation of farming. More than half of the population is Christian, one - fourth Muslim, and a small segment adheres to the Traditional indigenous religions.
Asankare can boast of six (6) basic schools and one-second cycle institution. Three (3) of these schools namely New Central International School, Emmanuel Preparatory School and Faisatu Ahmed Educational Complex are privately owned schools. Asankare M/A JHS, Asankare Presby Primary School and Asankare Emmanuel Methodist School are all public schools. Asankare Youth Leadership and Skills Training Institute is the only second cycle institution in the Electoral Area.
The Community has eight suburbs namely: Hiamankyen, Asikafoamantem, Camp, Old Zongo, New Zongo, Attakurom, Quarters and Nkokobuom
Asankare is the home of two Factories at various stages of completion. One is a Fertilizer Factory and the other, a Meat Processing Factory. Mponua Rural Bank Ltd has a branch in Asankare. There is one privately owned Guest house (Sunkwa Guest House) in Asankare. There's also a rest top called Snat.
The Paramount Chief of Asankare owes allegiance to the Ashanti Kingdom. Nana Okoforobour Kwakye Odopoah III is the Omanhene (Paramount Chief) of Asankare Traditional Area and Nana Abena Kyerewaa I is the Omanhene hemaa (Queen mother).
References
See also
Populated places in the Ashanti Region
Taradas Bandyopadhyay (15 October 1947 – 18 July 2010) was a Bengali novelist, short story writer and editor.
Biography
Bandyopadhyay was the son of late legendary writer Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay. He was born in 1947 at his maternal grandparent's home at Barrackpore, a suburb of Kolkata in North 24 Parganas and finished his schooling at the Rahara Ramakrishna Mission Boys' Home High School in Rahara. Bandyopadhyay passed B.A. (Honours) in English from Maulana Azad College and completed post-graduation from the Calcutta University. He worked in West Bengal government in the Information and Cultural Affairs Department. He spent his childhood at his paternal village-home in Bongaon in a place which was incidentally called Barakpur again.
Literary career
Taradas wrote number of short stories and novels like Kaal Nirabadhi, Saptarshir Alo, Kakkhopath. His novel Kajol was a sequel to Aparajito, written by his father. Taradas had started writing Kajol immediately after passing his Higher Secondary examination. Bandyopadhyay's most notable contribution was Taranath Tantrik, an occult practitioner. The character was created by Bibhutibhushan and continued by him. Those stories were published in two books namely Taranath Tantrik (1985) and Awlatchokro (2003). Bandyopadhyay also edited Aranyak. In the year 2008, Taradas started writing his interpretation of Bibhutibhusan's life in a biography-styled series called Pita Nohsi for Udbodhan magazine, but couldn't complete it because of his death in 2010.
Books
Saptarshir Alo
Kakkhopath
Bandhu, Raho Raho
Kaal Nirabodhi
Kajol
Tritiya Purush
Awlatchakra
Taranath Tantrik
References
External links
1947 births
2010 deaths
Bengali writers
Bengali-language writers
Indian male novelists
University of Calcutta alumni
Maulana Azad College alumni
People from North 24 Parganas district
People from West Bengal
21st-century Indian novelists
20th-century Indian novelists
Novelists from West Bengal
Bengali novelists
Writers from Kolkata
Indian novelists
Bengali Hindus
20th-century Bengalis
21st-century Bengalis
20th-century Indian male writers
21st-century Indian male writers
Theodore Tuvia Zvi Friedman (January 11, 1908 – December 18, 1992) was an American and Israeli conservative rabbi, spiritual leader, and author. From 1962 to 1964, he served as the president of The Rabbinical Assembly, the international association of Conservative rabbis. During his tenure, he supported the African-American Civil Rights Movement.
Biography
Born in Stamford, Connecticut, United States, on January 11, 1908, to Chaim Zvi Harry (Wilkemerski) and Anna Kapit (Kapetulsky) Friedman. His parents immigrated to the United States from Lithuania (father) and from Russia (mother).
He graduated from the City College of New York (1929). In 1931 he was ordained a rabbi by the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, where he served as an associate professor. He earned a PhD from Columbia University in 1952.
Friedman served the Beit El Congregation in northern Bergen, New Jersey (1931–1942), Beit David Congregation in Buffalo, N.Y (1942–1944), the Jewish Center of Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City (1944–1954), where he founded a Hebrew high school. In 1954 Friedman became rabbi of Congregation Beth El, South Orange, New Jersey (1954–1970).
Friedman was an authority in Jewish education and a member of the Board of Governors of the National Academy of Adult Jewish Studies; he organized an innovative adult education program at Beth El based on a four-year curriculum that he designed.
Friedman also chaired the Rabbinical Assembly's Hebrew Culture Committee (1944–46) and was President of the Long Island Region of the Rabbinical Assembly (1947).
In 1948 he presented to the Rabbinical Assembly's annual convention, "Towards a Philosophy of Conservative Judaism", one of the key position papers, which led to the reorganization of the Rabbinical Assembly's Committee on Jewish Law into the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Rabbinical Assembly (CJLS). Here he effectively argued for going beyond Halakha in addressing the many problems of Jewish life.
Friedman chaired the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards from 1951 until 1954 and wrote many decisions, including on family issues, divorce, and Agunah. Friedman co-chaired the Steering Committee and was secretary of its national Bet Din. As Vice-President of the Rabbinical Assembly (1960–62), he led the committee that revised its constitution.
Friedman headed The Rabbinical Assembly as president from 1962 until 1964.
In addition to his work on behalf of the Rabbinical Assembly, he taught homiletics at the Seminary and was a member of the Jewish Book Council of America.
Friedman taught at the Seminario Rabínico Latinoamericano (Latin American Rabbinical Seminary, also known as the Marshall T. Meyer Latin American Rabbinical Seminary, named for Friedman's son-in-law rabbi Marshall Meyer), a Jewish religious, cultural, and academic center in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
In 1970 Friedman immigrated to Israel upon his retirement from the active rabbinate. Following his retirement in 1970, he was elected Rabbi Emeritus of Congregation Beth El, South Orange. Since his aliya, he held a leadership role in the Israeli branch of the Rabbinical Assembly. Friedman taught at the Schechter Institute of Jewish Studies and was its first head of Va'ad Halakhah, founded in 1985 by the Rabbinical Assembly of Israel. The Va'ad Halakhah addressed halakhic questions from Israel and Europe in Hebrew.
From 1970 to 1973, Friedman served on the Executive Council of the Jewish Agency in Jerusalem.
Friedman died in Jerusalem, where he lived, on December 18, 1992.
Activities, attitudes, and spiritual perception
Friedman played a leading role in guiding the Rabbinical Assembly as it expanded in new directions in post-World War II.
During his tenure as President of the Rabbinical Assembly, he supported the African-American Civil Rights Movement. He was among the decision-makers in May 1963, during a conference of the Rabbinical Assembly, that sent a delegation of 19 rabbis to protest against police violence in Birmingham, Alabama.
As the Rabbinical Assembly's president, he worked to build bridges with the other Jewish denominations. He called upon his fellow rabbis to speak from their pulpits to encourage their congregants to embrace the causes of civil rights and Soviet Jewry. Friedman was one of the pioneering supporters of the Soviet Jewry Movement.
Rabbi Friedman opposed the definition of Judaism as racist by its very nature. His view was that the belief in a single God brought the idea of universality to the world. In his opinion, despite the harsh statements in Jewish sources against Idolatry, it should be interpreted in their historical context.
His spiritual approach was that while commitment and loyalty to the Halakha are beyond doubt, the Halakha should be interpreted, as it has always been interpreted, given the social, economic, and moral conditions prevailing at the time and the need and ability to meet the needs of the hour while remaining faithful to its sources.
As a member of the CJLS, Rabbi Friedman collaborated with Morris Adler and Jacob B. Agus to allow the use of electricity on Shabbat. He also allowed community members to ride to the synagogue on Shabbat with the intention of fulfilling Shabbat mitzvot. The reasoning was that a tremendous number of American Jews were now living far from synagogues as an unavoidable consequence of modern life. Unless Jews were permitted to drive to synagogue, most American Jews would lose their connection to Jewish life. His position was adopted by the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards.
Rabbi Friedman was part of efforts by the Jewish Seminary to solve the long-standing crisis of the Agunah, a woman deserted by her husband and prohibited by Jewish law from remarriage. This led to establishment of a Joint Law Conference of the Rabbinical Assembly and the Seminary as the Conservative movement's sole authority for adjudicating matters involving the Jewish laws of marriage and divorce.
Rabbi Friedman was concerned by attempts of the extremist religious elements to polarize the American Jewish community into two opposing groups – religious and secularist – and their claim that they and they alone represent the Jewish religious community. He was also concerned by possible legislation in Israel that would abridge religious freedom in Israel. He led a fight against the Israeli Rabbinate in an effort to recognize Jewish religious divorces granted by American Conservative rabbis. As part of that struggle, the Rabbinical Assembly engaged Gideon Hausner, Israel's former Attorney General, to represent it in Israel on the issue.
Friedman believed that anyone who claims that it is forbidden to return any part of "Eretz Yisrael hashleimah" ["the complete land of Israel"] has no basis in the Halakha and that the controversy over the question of the Greater Land of Israel is a political conflict and there is no connection between the controversy and the Halakha. He conclusively showed that there is no such concept of the complete land of Israel in Jewish tradition because Israel's borders changed countless times throughout Jewish history, both in theory and in practice.
Friedman believed that conversion for the purpose of marriage is valid, and the acceptance of the Yoke of the Mitzvot should not be a requirement where there is a fear that the converted will not keep all the mitzvos.
He believed that the establishment of the State of Israel is a great salvation for the Jewish people and a decisive turning point in the history of the Jewish people. Therefore, the mourning customs should be shortened on Tisha B'Av by not completing the fast and ending with a great Mincha.
Friedman also believed that according to the Halakha, it is permissible to extradite a Jewish murderer abroad and that the best Halakhic scholars in all generations have ruled that if a criminal caused damage and sorrow to rabbis from Israel, he must be extradited.
Writings
Friedman was a member of the editorial board of the Conservative Judaism journal, which dealt with Jewish thought and was published by The Rabbinical Assembly and the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, between 1953 and 1961, where he published some of his articles. Conservative Judaism was one of the earliest attempts to articulate the Jewish Conservative movement's theology.
Friedman was co-editor, with Robert Gordis, of Jewish Life in America (1955), an expansion of the special issue Judaism published in 1954 to celebrate the tercentenary of American Jewry. He wrote a column called "Letters to Jewish College Students" (1965), which discusses issues of Judaism and the modern life of college students. After immigrating to Israel, he wrote a column called "Letter from Jerusalem," published in Conservative Judaism.
Friedman was an editor of Encyclopedia Judaica.
During his lifetime, he published over 200 articles in English, Hebrew and Spanish.
Books
Friedman authored the following books:
Judgment and Destiny (1965), a selection of his sermons published to mark the tenth anniversary of his rabbinate at Beth El.
The Rabbis' Bible: Later Prophets (with Solomon Simon and Abraham Rothberg).
Jewish Life in America
Letters to Jewish College Students
Personal life
In 1931 Friedman married Ruth Braunhut (1910 – 1973) and had three children: rabbi Hillel Friedman, Naomi Meyer, and Judy Rotem. His son-in-law, rabbi Marshall Meyer, was a leading American Conservative rabbi who was also known for his human rights activities during the "Dirty War" in Argentina (1976–1983). After the restoration of democracy in Argentina in 1983, Meyer was awarded Argentina's highest honor, the Order of the Liberator General San Martín, by the new president. His other son-in-law was rabbi David Joseph Spritzer, a Conservative rabbi who was one of the founders of the Hod Ve Hadar congregation in Kfar Saba, Israel. His grandson, Gabriel Meir Halevi, is a musician, peace activist and master of ceremonies and multicultural workshops. His granddaughter Rachel D. Friedman is a Professor and Chair of Greek and Roman Studies at Vasser College. His granddaughter Dodi Meyer is a Professor of Pediatrics at Columbia University Medical Center.
Further reading
Be'er Tuvia: from the writings of Rabbi Theodore Friedman / presented to him by his students and admirers ; edited by David Golinkin ; Jerusalem : Masorti Movement, 1991.
Conservative Judaism in America: A Biographical Dictionary and Sourcebook (By: Pamela S. Nadell) [published: September 1988] p. 91.
"In the Driver's Seat: Rabbinic Authority in Postwar America," in Jack Wertheimer, ed., Jewish Religious Leadership: Image and Reality, Vol. 2 (Jewish Theological Seminary, 2004).
Morris Adler, Jacob B. Agus, and Theodore Friedman. "Responsum on the Sabbath." Proceedings of the Rabbinical Assembly, volume 14 (1950), pages 112–88. New York: Rabbinical Assembly of America, 1951. In Proceedings of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Conservative Movement 1927–1970, volume 3 (Responsa), pages 1109–34. Jerusalem: The Rabbinical Assembly and The Institute of Applied Hallakhah, 1997.
References
External links
Theodore Friedman, Judaic Scholar, 84 – The New York Times.
Friedman, Theodore | Encyclopedia.com.
1908 births
1992 deaths
20th-century American Jews
American Conservative rabbis
Israeli Conservative rabbis
People from Jerusalem
People from Stamford, Connecticut
People from New York City
Columbia University alumni
City College of New York alumni
Jewish Theological Seminary of America alumni
Israeli magazine editors
American magazine editors
Israeli columnists
American columnists
Israeli corporate directors
American corporate directors
The Cahokia () were an Algonquian-speaking Native American tribe and member of the Illinois Confederation; their territory was in what is now the Midwestern United States in North America. As a member of the Illinois Confederation, the Cahokia were likely similar to other Illinois groups in culture, economy, and technology. At the time of European contact with the Illini, the peoples were located in what would later be organized as the states of Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, and Arkansas. After coming upon a complex of monumental earthwork mounds in southern Illinois, the Europeans named the site after the historic Cahokia tribe, then present in the vicinity. But scholars do not believe the tribe was related to the builders of Cahokia Mounds; the site had been abandoned by Native Americans for centuries.
French missionaries built two missions as part of their proselytizing of the Cahokia: the Tamaroa/Cahokia mission in 1699 CE and the River L'Abbė mission in 1735 CE. These multiple missions imply the Cahokia was a large enough tribe for the French Seminary of Foreign Missions to justify their construction and operation. But the Cahokia declined in number in the 18th century, due likely to mortality from warfare with other tribes, new infectious diseases, and cultural changes, such as Christianization, which further disrupted their society.
The remnant Cahokia, along with the Michigamea, were absorbed by the Kaskaskia and finally the Peoria people. The Tamaroa were closely related to the Cahokia. After the U.S. government implemented its policy of Indian removal in the early nineteenth century, they were forcefully relocated to Kansas Territory, and finally to Indian Territory (present-day Oklahoma). Five Cahokia chiefs and headmen joined those of other Illinois tribes at the 1818 Treaty of Edwardsville (Illinois); they ceded to the United States territory of theirs that equaled half of the present state of Illinois.
Although the Cahokia tribe is no longer a distinct polity, its cultural traditions continue through the federally recognized Peoria Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma.
See also
Illinois Confederation
Further reading
Cahokia Indian Tribe History at Access Genealogy
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Cahokia
Lenville J. Stelle, Inoca Ethnohistory Project: Eye Witness Descriptions of the Contact Generation, 1667 - 1700
Algonquian peoples
Illinois Confederation
Native American tribes in Illinois
Native American tribes in Iowa
Native American tribes in Missouri
Native American tribes in Arkansas
Native American tribes in Kansas
Native American tribes in Oklahoma
Algonquian ethnonyms
Cahokia
Louisiana held its first United States House of Representatives elections following its April 1812 admission to the Union on September 28–30, 1812. A special election for a seat in the 12th Congress (that convened in 1811) and a general election for a seat in the 13th Congress (to convene in 1813) were held at the same time, and had nearly-identical results.
Special election to the 12th Congress
General election to the 13th Congress
See also
1810 and 1811 United States House of Representatives elections
1812 and 1813 United States House of Representatives elections
List of United States representatives from Louisiana
Notes
References
1812
Louisiana
United States House of Representatives
Alice De Wolf Kellogg (December 27, 1862 – February 4, 1900) was an American painter whose work was exhibited at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition.
Early life
Alice De Wolf Kellogg was born in Chicago, Illinois, the fifth of six daughters born to physician John Leonard Kellogg and his wife Mary Gage Kellogg. Young Alice was afflicted with nephritis, the disease which would eventually kill her. Encouraged by her father John, a practitioner of holistic medicine, Alice sought relief from her headaches and depression by studying metaphysical ideas and practices including spiritualism, Swedenborgianism, and the writings of Mary Baker Eddy.
New Woman
As educational opportunities were made more available in the 19th century, women artists became part of professional enterprises, including founding their own art associations. Artwork made by women was considered to be inferior, and to help overcome that stereotype women became "increasingly vocal and confident" in promoting women's work, and thus became part of the emerging image of the educated, modern and freer "New Woman". Artists then "played crucial roles in representing the New Woman, both by drawing images of the icon and exemplyfying this emerging type through their own lives."
Education and career
Kellogg studied at the Academy of Fine Arts, where she won the school's top prize, three months' tuition, and began teaching in 1887. In 1887 she traveled to Europe, where she spent time in England and studied at the Académie Julian, the Académie Colarossi, and the private atelier of American expatriate painter Charles Lasar in Paris. Her correspondence about her fellow American students' experience and work in Parisian art schools is a valuable record of life as an American artist in Europe, and the letters now reside at the Smithsonian Institution Archives of American Art. Kellogg exhibited paintings at the 1888 and 1889 Paris Salon exhibitions and at the Exposition Universelle of 1889.
Her most well-known work is The Mother, an 1889 painting which was exhibited in the Woman's Building at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. At that exposition she also exhibited paintings at the Palace of Fine Arts and the Illinois Building The painting was a modern variation on the Madonna theme, depicting a woman holding a sleeping baby on her lap. The Society of American Artists elected Kellogg to join their organization after The Mother was shown at their 1891 annual exhibition, and the painting was reproduced as the frontispiece of the January 1893 issue of Century Illustrated Monthly Magazine.
Her work is in the permanent collection of the Jane Addams Hull-House Museum. A pair of her paintings appeared on a 2014 edition of Antiques Roadshow; the two together were valued at $12,000.
Exhibitions
New York Water Color Club, 1898
Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, Philadelphia, 1898
AIC American Water Color Society, NYC
Paris Salon de la Societe Nationale des Beaux-Arts, 1890
Annual Exhibition, Bohemian Art Club, AIC, 1883
Annual Exhibition, Palette Club, AIC, 1895
World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago, 1893
Society of American Artists, NYC
Notes
References
Annette Blaugrund with JoAnne W. Bowie, "Alice D. Kellogg: Letters from Paris, 1887-1889," Archives of American Art Journal 28, no. 3 (1988), pages 11–19.
Melissa Pierce Williams, Alice Kellogg Tyler, 1866-1900: Private Works, Columbia, Missouri: Williams & McCormick American Arts, 1986.
1862 births
1900 deaths
American women painters
19th-century American painters
Artists from Chicago
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
School of the Art Institute of Chicago faculty
World's Columbian Exposition
19th-century American women artists
Académie Colarossi alumni
Painters from Illinois
American women academics
Annaghdown Abbey (full title: the Abbey of St Mary de Portu Patrum but also commonly known as Annaghdown Priory) is a ruined house of the Arroasian canons in the townland of Annaghdown, County Galway, Ireland.
The site was probably founded by Turlough O'Conor around 1140 and dissolved after the Reformation in 1562. The remaining ruins include a church, a cloister and living quarters. Some details of the windows suggest that they were constructed in the 13th century while the south window of the choir is in the transitional style from c. 1200. As the east window itself appears to be missing and the east window of Annaghdown Cathedral, in a south-east direction, is of a similar period, it is possible that it was moved to the cathedral. Author Peter Harbison posits that the perfect fit of the east window of the cathedral does not make a late move likely. The ruins of Annaghdown Abbey are a National Monument.
See also
Annaghdown
Bishop of Annaghdown
References
External links
Annaghdown Cathedral webpage
List of headstones in Annaghdown Abbey (including photos) on Find A Grave
Christian monasteries in the Republic of Ireland
Religious buildings and structures in County Galway
1140s establishments in Ireland
1562 disestablishments in Ireland
Former cathedrals in Ireland
Ruins in the Republic of Ireland
Former churches in the Republic of Ireland
Brian McLaughlin (born 14 May 1974 in Bellshill) is a Scottish former footballer, who most notably played for Celtic in the early 1990s, and was a Scottish under-21 international.
Career
Educated in Coatbridge, McLaughlin began his professional career with Celtic. He impressed as a youngster and made his league debut in November 1993 under then manager Lou Macari. He stayed at Celtic for another six years, with the bulk of his appearances made under Macari's successor, Tommy Burns. McLaughlin won his only major winner's medal on 27 May 1995, when Celtic defeated Airdrie 1–0 in the Scottish Cup Final.
After a brief loan period with Airdrie, he left Celtic to join Dundee United on a free transfer. He then had a two-year spell in England with Wigan Athletic, where he scored once in a Football League Trophy tie against Oldham Athletic. In 2001, he returned to Scotland and joined Ayr United, where he scored once against Falkirk. After one season, McLaughlin moved on to Queen of the South, where his only goal ironically came in a 1–0 win over Ayr. His next club was St Johnstone, joining them in 2003, only to return to Queen of the South again after only a year. He finally ended his career at Stenhousemuir, scoring once against Elgin City, before retiring in 2008.
McLaughlin later became a football coach. He was appointed head coach of the Scotland under-17 team in 2017.
Honours
With Celtic:
Scottish Cup: 1995
See also
Dundee United FC Season 1998-99
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Ayr United F.C. players
Celtic F.C. players
Dundee United F.C. players
Footballers from Bellshill
Queen of the South F.C. players
St Johnstone F.C. players
Stenhousemuir F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Association football wingers
Scottish football managers
Scottish footballers
The 1935–36 season was the 44th season of The Football League.
This season saw two significant changes in the First Division. Prior to this season Aston Villa and Blackburn Rovers had been the only ever-present members of English football's top division. Both were relegated this season to end their sequences.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1935-36 in English football
1935 in association football
1936 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1935–36 in English football leagues
Lēdurga is a village and the center of Lēdurga Parish, Sigulda Municipality in the Vidzeme region of Latvia. The village is located on both sides of the river Aģe, 18 km away from the municipality of Ragana and 64 km from Riga, the capital of Latvia. Lēdurga consists of parish administration, elementary school, House of Culture, sport center, Lēdurga's Lutheran church, dendrological park and open-air stage. Lēdurga is the birthplace of the Baltic German activist and writer Garlieb Merkel, the author of Die Letten ("The Latvians"), the book which first drew attention to the Latvians as more than just peasants.
History
Lēdurga (Letthegore, Lettegore, Ledegore) was first mentioned in the Livonian Chronicle of Henry in connection with events in the spring of the year 1211, when the Ridalians and the people of Saaremaa destroyed Bishop Albert's Livonian lands, including Lēdurga. William of Modena, the papal legate, conducted Christian worship for Livonians in the village church in 1225. Lēdurga was joined with Turaida in a single Lēdurga-Turaida congregation municipality in 1589. The village is formed around the center of the former Lēdurga manor ("Loddiger"). In 1932 Lēdurga obtained densely populated village status.
Education
The elementary school was established in 1871. On 21 July 1998 the school was renamed the Garlieb Merkel Elementary School to honor the Baltic German writer Garlieb Helwig Merkel since Lēdurga was his birthplace in 1769. The school has its own flag, symbol, and song by J. Ozoliņa and L. Niklase titled Skolas Gadi ("School years").
Nature
Waters
The River Aģe flows through the middle of the village, starting from the nearby Lake Aģe and ending in the Baltic Sea, near the city of Skulte. In the old days, the Aģe was used as an internal traffic and trade route. In the 13th century, the Livonian Chronicle of Henry mentioned the Aģe under the name of Adya (Livonian for "edge") in stories about Livonian battles against German intruders. In the village center next to the Lēdurga manor house, a dam was built, forming a pond that in the past was used for running the watermill. The watermill buildings and dams are still preserved but no longer in use.
Lēdurga dendrological park
Lēdurga dendrological park was established in 1973 by one person, Arvīds Janitens (1923–2009). A short documentary about him and the park was made in Latvian. In 1993 dendrologists of the National Botanical Garden recognized 939 tree and bush species and varieties, but currently, the number exceeds a thousand.
Many events such as Walpurgis Night, Easter, Midsummer eve and others are celebrated in the park.
Culture
The house of culture
Lēdurga's house of culture was built in 1973. In the same year the building was burned down by an accidental fire. Reconstruction took 9 years. In 1981 the heating in the building was provided and the first kolkhoz "Draudzība" ("Friendship") events took place. The official opening took place on 29 May 1982. Previous managers were Karolis Treijs, Baiba Adamoviča, Didzis Trūbs, Dzintra Sapule, Mareks Motte; from January 2007 the manager has been Ilze Runce.
Many amateur collectives practise and perform in the building: traditional dance groups, choirs, and the folklore band "Putni".
Folklore band "Putni"
The folklore band "Putni" ("Birds") is based in Lēdurga's house of culture. Singers, musicians, dancers, and storytellers practise their ethnic culture and traditional performing arts. Participants are aged between 3 and 50, joining together many generations. "Putni" is widely known in the whole of Latvia. During their performances, historical costumes from the 12th century are always worn. The costumes are handmade by the band members and their leader Ilze Kļaviņa.
References
Sigulda Municipality
Kreis Riga
Vidzeme
Habersham is an unincorporated community in Habersham County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
Past variant names have included "Bert", "Habersham Mill Village", "Habersham Mills", "Porters Mill Town", and "Porters Mills". The community was named for Colonel Joseph Habersham of the Continental Army in the Revolutionary War.
References
Unincorporated communities in Habersham County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
An Ehrengrab (English: 'grave of honor') is a distinction granted by certain German, Swiss and Austrian cities to some of their citizens for extraordinary services or achievements in their lifetimes. If there are no descendants or institutions to care for the gravesites, the communities or cities will take responsibility for the graves and for financing their care.
Many Ehrengräber (honor graves) also serve to document cultural history; for example, when a cemetery containing artistically notable graves is closed and the graves are moved at public expense.
The basic details of the awarding, financing and care of honorary graves are similarly handled in all German-speaking countries. Berlin and Vienna maintain the largest number of such sites.
Cities
Berlin
In Berlin about 200 cemeteries contain approximately 740 tombs of honor with about 800 Ehrengräber (some tombs honor several members of the same family). Berlin public memorial graves are under the legislation of the Berlin Senate dating to 1952, labeled as "General Instructions for the recognition, transfer and maintenance ..." regarding tombs subject to benefits. The current basis is §12, Paragraph 6 of the "Law on the state-owned and non-state-owned cemeteries in Berlin" (Cemeteries Act) of 1 November 1995.
As such, Berlin provides at public expense honorary graves, available to:
the dead, for whom the federal government or the government of a country has given a state funeral;
the deceased, where the honorary title of Stadtältester has been granted to honorees and their spouses; and
the deceased who were recipients of honorary pensions or awarded by Berlin for a particular service or have achieved excellence and whose memory lives on in public, as well as their spouses.Among those who have such tombs of honor in Berlin are Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Bertolt Brecht, Aleksander Brückner, Wilhelm Busch, Theodor Fontane, Valeska Gert, the brothers Grimm, Georg Ludwig Hartig, Heinrich von Kleist, Hildegard Knef, Otto Lilienthal, Herbert Marcuse, Felix Mendelssohn, Marg Moll, Helmut Newton, Ernst Reuter, Joachim Ringelnatz, Heinrich Zille, and Arnold Zweig.
The Friedrichsfelde Central Cemetery contains a socialist monument with graves of honor, among them are the socialists Karl Liebknecht, and Rosa Luxemburg.
Vienna
Graves of honor are called Gewidmete Gräber der Stadt Wien (Dedicated tombs of the City of Vienna). The name Ehrengräber'' is reserved for tombs in the Central Cemetery of Vienna. To make the cemetery more attractive, famous citizens such as Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Schubert were exhumed and transferred to the cemetery. Funerary monuments were built for others, such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Hundreds of graves of honor are found in cemeteries in Vienna.
Zurich
The city of Zurich maintains an anonymous tomb of honor near the . It is a common tomb for people who have donated their bodies to the Anatomical Institute of the University of Zurich for the needs of science and wished that their urn would be stored there. Some graves originate from the medical faculties of universities in other cities of Switzerland, Germany and Austria, and the maintenance costs for the graves are generally borne by the responsible institutions.
See also
Category of National cemeteries
Memorial
References
External links
List of Ehrengräber at Berlin
Persons honored in Berlin
Ehrengräber at the Central Cemetery of Vienna
Burial monuments and structures
China National Highway 206 (G206) runs from Weihai, Shandong Province to Shantou, Guangdong Province. It is 2,375 kilometres in length and runs south from Yantai, going via Shandong, Jiangsu, Anhui, Jiangxi Province, and ends in Guangdong Province.
Route and distance
See also
China National Highways
Transport in Anhui
Transport in Jiangsu
Transport in Shandong
Transport in Jiangxi
Transport in Guangdong
206
The 39th Street Theatre was a playhouse in New York City located at the corner of 39th Street and Broadway. Originally called Nazimova's 39th Street Theatre after the actress Alla Nazimova, it was in operation from 1910 to 1925 when it was demolished to make way for an office building. Throughout its existence, it was owned by the Shubert family. Its architect was William Albert Swasey, who had designed or remodelled several other Broadway theatres for the family.
History
In 1906 the theatrical entrepreneur Lee Shubert had presented Alla Nazimova in matinee performances of three Ibsen plays and was reportedly "bewitched" by the beautiful Russian actress. Hoping to become a major producer of serious drama in New York and to continue promoting Nazimova, he built a new theatre on 39th Street and Broadway which he named Nazimova's 39th Street Theatre. After a two-week delay from the announced date of April 4, 1910, the theatre finally opened on April 18 with Nazimova starring as Rita Allmers in Ibsen's Little Eyolf. While her acting was praised by the critics, the play was not. The New York Times, pronounced it "peculiar" and The Evening Post termed it "dreary, unprofitable, and obnoxious."
Nazimova's business relationship with the theatre and Shubert was short-lived. By February 1911, she had signed with Charles Frohman instead. According to The Morning Telegraph, Shubert had offered her a guaranteed weekly salary of $1,500 and a 50% share of the profits as an inducement to remain with his organization, but to no avail. When Nazimova signed with Frohman, Shubert immediately removed her name from the theatre, and it was known as simply the 39th Street Theatre for the remainder of its existence.
Despite its parting of the ways with Nazimova, the 39th Street Theatre became a popular theatrical landmark. According to The New York Times, it was Diamond Jim Brady's favorite playhouse. Among the plays presented there were The Second Mrs. Tanqueray starring Mrs. Leslie Carter; A. E. W. Mason's Green Stockings. starring Margaret Anglin; and Believe Me, Xantippe starring John Barrymore, Mary Young, and Douglas Fairbanks. One of its longest-running plays was Cosmo Hamilton's Scandal which ran for thirty-nine weeks. The shortest was A Little Bit of Fluff. According to The New York Times, it opened and closed on the same night in August 1916.
In May 1925 the Shubert Organization sold the theatre to A. E. Lefcourt, a real estate developer who was to erect a 20-story building with offices and showrooms on the site. The 39th Street Theatre was demolished in December of that year. During its existence, it had seen over 21,600 performances.
Architecture
The architect of the 39th Street Theatre was William Albert Swasey, who had designed or remodelled several other Broadway theatres for the Shubert family. The construction work carried out by John McKeefry who had also built Maxine Elliott's Theatre. The theatre's exterior was designed in Italian Renaissance style while the interior decorations and fittings were described as being in Louis XVI style. The interior's color scheme was in old rose and antique gold. The ceiling of the auditorium was illuminated by four gold sunbursts, each containing fifty lights, while the floor and walls of the vestibule were finished in imported marble.
The theatre was small by Broadway standards, seating approximately 675 people on three levels. The plan was to present plays "in an intimate setting." The stage was 26 feet deep with a proscenium opening 80 feet wide by 30 feet tall. There was an elevator to bring playgoers to the balcony and gallery floors. The theatre was also equipped with a sprinkler system and fourteen exits in addition to the main entrance which meant that it could be evacuated in under a minute in case of a fire. Both Lee Shubert and his brother J.J. Shubert had private offices in the building which were finished in antique oak wainscotting.
References
External links
Internet Broadway Database: "39th Street Theatre" (has photographs of both the interior and exterior of the theatre)
Former Broadway theatres
Shubert Organization
Buildings and structures completed in 1910
Theatres completed in 1910
Broadway (Manhattan)
1910 establishments in New York City
1925 disestablishments in New York (state)
Buildings and structures demolished in 1925
Demolished buildings and structures in Manhattan
Marc Thompson (born 15 January 1982) is an English footballer, who played in the English Football League for York City between 2000 and 2002.
Career
Thompson graduated through the youth side at York City and made his first-team debut in 2000. He was given a three-year pro-contract in May 2000, having shown promise through his first few games. He was awarded the Gerry Davitt Memorial Trophy for the 1999–2000 season. Boston United offered Thompson a trial in December 2001. Harrogate Town expressed an interest in signing Thompson in May 2002, and signed at the start of the 2002–03 season. He then signed for Farnborough Town in August 2003, but was released in February 2004.
Harrogate expressed an interest in re-signing Thompson in February 2004. Thompson was signed by Wakefield-Emley in October 2004.
Thompson was signed by Selby Town in July 2007.
Thompson now plays for Haxby United in the York Leeper Hare Premier League along with former York City players Andy McMillan and Neale Holmes.
Notes
External links
1982 births
Living people
Footballers from York
English footballers
Association football midfielders
York City F.C. players
Harrogate Town A.F.C. players
Farnborough F.C. players
Wakefield F.C. players
Selby Town F.C. players
Haxby United F.C. players
English Football League players
Walter Curt Gustav Schilling (23 December 1895 – 20 July 1943) was a German general during World War II who commanded the 17th Panzer Division. He was killed on 20 July 1943 near Izium. On 28 July 1943, Schilling was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Awards and decorations
Iron Cross (1914) 2nd and 1st Class
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd and 1st Class
German Cross in Gold (28 February 1942)
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 28 July 1943 as Generalleutnant and commander of 17. Panzer-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1895 births
1943 deaths
Lieutenant generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
German military personnel of World War I
Prussian Army personnel
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
People from Chełmno
People from West Prussia
Reichswehr personnel
Santipur Muslim High School is a Government Sponsored Institution located in Santipur, Nadia district, West Bengal, India. This Institution was affiliated in the year 1938. This is a reputed and premium educational institution of Santipur municipal area. It is a boys' school and it has Upper Primary with Secondary and Higher Secondary section (class V to class XII).
History
Santipur Muslim High School was formerly known as Santipur Jubilee Madrassah. J. Andrew Taylor, Assistant Director of Public Instruction for Mahon Medan Education visited Santipur Jubilee Madrassah on 15th day of April, 1914.
The school was started with 35 students in 1887 initially. Muhammad Helaluddin, a retired Govt. employee established this Institution.
On 2 January 1937, class VII class VIII was started. In the year 1938, the school got affiliation from University of Calcutta to start class IX and class X. Sir Muhammad Azizul Haque's initiative made this possible. This school is presently affiliated to West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) and West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education (WBCHSE).
See also
Education in India
List of schools in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
Boys' schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in West Bengal
Schools in Nadia district
1887 establishments in India
Educational institutions established in 1887
Marri () is a hill station in Rajanpur District, south Punjab, Pakistan. Its Altitude Is 4800 ft Cold Weather In Summer. Dragal mountain is an altitude of 5400 feet.
References
Populated places in Rajanpur District
Hill stations in Pakistan
Resorts in Pakistan
Tourist attractions in Punjab, Pakistan
Maritsa Lazari (born October 1943) is a Cyprus-born British billionaire businesswoman. She was married to the Cyprus-born British billionaire property developer Chris Lazari until his death in 2015. As of May 2022, her net worth was estimated at US$2.7 billion.
Early life
Maritsa Lazari was born in October 1943 in Cyprus. She emigrated with her family to London at the age of 16.
Lazari met her future husband and fellow Cypriot Chris Lazari in the UK and the couple married in 1965.
Career
Chris Lazari created a successful fashion line, Drendie Girl, and in 1978 the couple used profits from the company to invest in commercial property.
Maritsa was a director of the property investment business, Lazari Investments, from its founding. She is listed as a founder of a business.
Lazari Investments owns a number of commercial and residential developments in London, including the Brunswick Centre.
Personal life
Maritsa lives in London, UK, and has three children. The family founded the Christo Lazari Foundation in 2017, which supports Cypriot, Greek Orthodox and medical causes. The Foundation donated £3.25m of investment property to the children's charity Radiomarathan.
References
British billionaires
British people of Greek Cypriot descent
Cypriot emigrants to England
Living people
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
People from Limassol District
Real estate and property developers
1943 births
Dogaressa ( , , ) was the official title of the wife of the Doge of Venice. The title was unique for Venice: while the head of the Republic of Genoa were also called Doge, the wives of the Doges of Genoa were not called Dogaressa, nor did they have such a public position.
History
The position of the dogaressa was regulated by the laws of the Republic, which specified which duties and rights she had, and what was prohibited for the titleholder. These rights changed several times during the history of the Republic. The first bearer of the title was reportedly Dogaressa Carola in the 800s, and the last was Elisabetta Grimani in the 1790s.
Position
Just like the Doge, the dogaressa was crowned, made a Solemn Entry, and gave a vow of loyalty (promissione ducale) to the republic upon her coronation. The symbols of her rank were a golden veil and a crown in a similar shape as that of the doge. Similar to a queen, the dogaressa was provided with a household of ladies-in-waiting. The coronation of the dogaressa was abolished during certain periods, as specified below.
Formally, the dogaressa had no political rights whatsoever, and her task was to participate in the representational life of the republic and official ceremonies and rituals designed to personify the glory of the state, and had as such a very visible public role. She was expected to act as the formal protector of certain guilds and trades, and could as such play in important part in the role of this trades within the state, something several dogaressas are known to have done. Alicia Giustiniani, for example, played an important part in Venetian commerce and business because of this role.
Though law refused any influence over state affairs to the dogaressa, some wielded a great deal of influence over the affairs of state in practice, most notably Felicia Cornaro.
When the dogaressa became a widow, she was socially expected to become a nun. However, there was no actual law to require this, and some widowed dogaressas refused to follow this custom, though it was considered scandalous.
Changes in position
During the centuries, the regulations around the dogaressa introduced laws to restrict her rights: in the 13th-century, the dogaressa was banned from receiving dignitaries and make public donations on her own, and in 1342, a law banned her from conducting business affairs of her own.
The coronation ceremony of the dogaressa did not occur between that of Taddea Michiel in 1478 and Zilia Dandolo in 1556; after the coronation of Morosina Morosini in 1597, the coronation of a dogaressa was deemed unnecessary in 1645 and the other ceremonies around her suppressed to a minimum. The last dogaressa to be crowned was Elisabetta Querini in 1694, after which the ceremony was permanently abolished. After the tenure of Elisabetta Querini, most other ceremonial privileges of the dogaressa was abolished as well: in 1700, she was no longer permitted to wear a crown and receive gifts from dignitaries. In 1763, the Solemn Entry was revived by the wish of the Doge for Pisana Conaro, who was the last dogaressa to perform it.
List of Dogaressas of Venice
804-811: Carola
811-827: Elena
827-830: Felicita
888-912: Angela Sanudo
942-959: Arcielda Candiano
959-966: Giovanniccia Candiano
966-976: Waldrada of Tuscany
976-978: Felicia Malipiero
979-991: Marina Candiano
991-1009: Maria Candiano
1009-1026: Grimelda of Hungary
1075-1083: Theodora Doukaina Selvo
1084-1096: Cornella Bembo
1096-1102: Felicia Cornaro
1102-1116: Matelda Falier
1116-1130: Alicia Michiel
1148-1156: Sofia
1156-1172: Felicita Maria di Boemondo
1172-1178: Cecilia
1192-1205: Felicita Bembo
1205-1229: Constance of Sicily
1229-1240: Maria Storlato
1242-1249: Valdrada of Sicily
1252-1268: Loicia da Prata
1268-1275: Marchesina Ghisi
1275-1280: Jacobina
1280-1289: Caterina
1289-1310: Tommasina Morosini
1310-1312: Agnese
1312-1329: Franchesina
1329-1339: Elisabetta
1339-1342: Giustina Cappello
1342-1354: Francesca Morosini
1354-1355: Aluycia Gradenigo
1355-1356: Marina Cappello
1361-1365: Maria Giustinian
1365-1367: Caterina Corner
1382-1382: Cristina Condulmer
1382-1400: Agnese
1400-1413: Marina Galina
1423-1457: Marina Nani
1457-1462: Giovanna Dandolo
1462-1471: Cristina Sanudo
1471-1472: Aliodea Morosini
1473-1474: Contarina Contarini Morosini
1474-1476: Laura Zorzi
1476-1478: Regina Gradenigo
1478-1485: Taddea Michiel
1485-1486: Lucia Ruzzini
1486-1501: Elisabetta Soranzo
1501-1521: Giustina Giustiniani
1521-1523: Caterina Loredan
1523-1538: Benedetta Vendramin
1538-1545: Maria Pasqualigo
1545-1553: Alicia Giustiniani
1556-1559: Zilia Dandolo
1559-1567: Elena Diedo
1567-1570: Maria Cappello
1570-1577: Loredana Marcello
1577-1578: Cecilia Contarini
1578-1585: Arcangela Canali
1585-1595: Laura Morosini
1595-1606: Morosina Morosini
1618-1623: Elena Barbarigo
1625-1629: Chiara Dolfin
1655-1656: Paolina Loredan
1656-1656: Andreana Priuli
1656-1658: Elisabetta Pisani
1658-1659: Lucia Barbarigo
1694-1700: Elisabetta Querini
1709-1722: Laura Cornaro
1735-1741: Elena Badoer
1763-1769: Pisana Cornaro
1771-1779: Polissena Contarini Da Mula
1779-1789: Margherita Dalmet
1789-1792: Elisabetta Grimani
References
Staley, Edgcumbe: The dogaressas of Venice (The wives of the doges), London : T. W. Laurie, 1910
Noble titles
Republic of Venice
Danzangiin Lundeejantsan (, Danzangiin Lundeejantsan; born 25 November 1957) is a Mongolian politician who was Chairman of the State Great Khural from January 2007 to November 2008 and Vice Chairman of the Great Khural from 2004 to 2007. He has been member of the State Great Khural, the Mongolian parliament, since 1990.
References
Members of the State Great Khural
Speakers of the State Great Khural
1957 births
Living people
Mongolian People's Party politicians
National University of Mongolia alumni
People from Ulaanbaatar
Jack Gosiewski (; born 29 May 1994) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who last played as a forward for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the NRL.
He previously played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League.
Background
Gosiewski was born in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, Australia.
He played his junior rugby league for the Mullumbimby Giants, before being signed by the South Sydney Rabbitohs. Gosiewski is of Polish descent.
Playing career
Early career
In 2013 and 2014, Gosiewski played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs' NYC team, captaining the side in 2014. In 2015, he graduated to their New South Wales Cup team, North Sydney Bears. At the conclusion of the 2015 season, he played 18 games for North Sydney and scored 4 tries.
2016
In round 10 of the 2016 NRL season, Gosiewski made his NRL debut for South Sydney against the Parramatta Eels. He played a total of 5 games for South Sydney in 2016, for most of the season though, he featured for North Sydney, making 9 appearances and scoring 3 tries. In October, he re-signed with Souths on a one-year contract until the end of 2017.
2017
Gosiewski spent most of the 2017 NRL season out with a torn patella. After getting match fitness and game time with South Sydney's feeder club North Sydney, he was recalled to the South Sydney lineup and played his sole NRL game of the season in South Sydney's 36-18 victory over the New Zealand Warriors. After not being offered a new contract by Souths, he signed a one-year contract in September, with the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles starting in 2018.
2018
Gosiewski made his debut for Manly in round 5 against the Gold Coast Titans. Gosiewski featured in 8 games for Manly as the club endured a torrid 2018 season finishing second last on the table. Gosiewski resigned for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles for another season, keeping him at the club until the end of 2019.
2019
In round 22 of the 2019 NRL season against Wests Tigers, Gosiewski scored two tries as Manly-Warringah won the match 32-12 at Brookvale Oval.
Gosiewski played 19 games for Manly in the 2019 NRL season as the club finished 6th on the table and qualified for the finals. Gosiewski played in both of Manly's finals matches and scored a try in the club's elimination final loss against South Sydney at ANZ Stadium.
2020
In round 19 of the 2020 NRL season, he scored two tries for Manly-Warringah in their 24-42 loss against the Gold Coast at Brookvale Oval.
He played a total of 13 games for Manly-Warringah in the 2020 NRL season as they finished a disappointing 13th on the table.
2021
Gosiewski played six games for Manly in the 2021 NRL season. On October 6, he was released by the Manly club. On October 15 Gosiewski signed a one-year deal with the St. George Illawarra Dragons for the 2022 season.
References
External links
Manly Sea Eagles profile
South Sydney Rabbitohs profile
1994 births
Living people
Australian people of Polish descent
Australian rugby league players
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
North Sydney Bears NSW Cup players
Rugby league players from Murwillumbah
Rugby league second-rows
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
Hela Riabi (born 18 February 1987) is a Tunisian freestyle wrestler. At the 2016 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's freestyle -63 kg.
References
External links
Olympic athletes of Tunisia
1987 births
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
African Games gold medalists for Tunisia
African Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
African Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Tunisian women
21st-century Tunisian women
The University of Makati Stadium, simply known as the UMak, is a football and track field stadium built and owned by the University of Makati.
Background
The stadium has hosted United Football League games as well as a friendly match of the Philippines national football team. It also has hosted the National Capital Region F.A. Division 3 League.
The stadium was assigned as the training ground of the Thailand national football team during the group stage of the 2016 AFF Championship. The Thai head coach criticized the hosts for the poor quality of the pitch before their very first game of the tournament and the long grass in the pitch had to be trimmed before the Thais began their training session.
Kaya F.C.–Makati, who were set to participate in the inaugural edition of the Philippines Football League, announced in January 2017 that they have made the stadium as their home ground. However the following season, they moved to Iloilo.
Facilities
UMak has a grandstand, light towers, and a rubberized track. However the stadium has a reputation for a poor quality pitch. It is reported in 2012 that the football venue has no basic herringbone drainage system and the soil is garden-variety soil which fails FIFA standards of six layers of six layers of sand, soil and topsoil. The Philippine Rugby Football Union offered to install a drainage system for free but the offer was not accepted.
By October 2018, the football field's surface has been converted to artificial grass. In 2019, an artificial pitch was installed in the stadium.
References
Sports venues in Metro Manila
Educational structures in Metro Manila
Athletics (track and field) venues in the Philippines
Football venues in the Philippines
Art Deco architecture in the Philippines
Buildings and structures in Makati
University sports venues in the Philippines
Arne Blix (born 20 September 1954) is a Norwegian journalist.
Since 2006 he is the editor-in-chief of the newspaper Adresseavisen. Starting his career as a journalist in Bladet Tromsø from 1976 to 1978 and in Verdens Gang from 1978 to 1985, he has worked in Adresseavisen since, except for the years 1987 to 1989. He took the cand.jur. degree at the University of Oslo in 1986.
References
1954 births
Living people
Norwegian newspaper editors
University of Oslo alumni
The steam locomotive Onward had polygonal driving wheels. This rather ineffective locomotive with only one driving axle was built in 1887 by the Hinkley Locomotive Works in Boston for the Swinerton Locomotive Driving Wheel Company.
History
In 1887 the Swinerton Locomotive Driving Wheel Company in the U.S.A. received a unique locomotive boldly called Onward, which had been built by the Hinkley Locomotive Works of Boston. Its unique feature was that its wheels were not round. The company's founder, C. E. Swinerton, had specified that both driving wheels should actually polygons with 118 sides, each flat segment being about 2 inches (50mm) long. He wanted to prove that the line contact at the intersection of each segment would have better rail adhesion than a circular wheel, which was supposed to have only a point contact. However this was actually not the case as even steel deforms under enough pressure, so there is on fact a contact area even with a circular wheel.
The 4-2-2 locomotive had one single driving axle. This wheel arrangement had been abandoned elsewhere because of its poor adhesion. Probably it was chosen to emphasise the effectiveness of the invention. The Onward was tried on several north-eastern lines, but did not prove to be beneficial, and thus failed to convince practical railway men. It is likely that the non-constant radius would have caused tremendous amount of vibration.
It was sold to the Portland and Rochester Railroad, after the polygonal driving wheels had been replaced with conventional round ones. After a few years the P & R sent it to the Manchester Locomotive Works for reconstruction as an ordinary eight-wheeler. Onward was cut up for scrap in 1905.
References
Steam locomotives of the United States
Rolling stock innovations
4-2-2 locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1887
Individual locomotives of the United States
Radical 92 or radical fang () meaning "tooth" or "fang" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are nine characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 69th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+7259
092
069
Attunga may refer to:
Attunga, Toorak Gardens, a mansion in the Adelaide suburb of Toorak Gardens, South Australia
Attunga, New South Wales, a small farming community in the New England region
Louise Bagnall is an Irish filmmaker and animator who works as a creative director with Cartoon Saloon in Kilkenny.
Career
Bagnall wrote and directed the 2019 Oscar-nominated Late Afternoon.
Bagnall from Dublin, studied at the National Film School at the Dún Laoghaire Institute of Art, Design and Technology gaining a degree in Animation. She also worked as a character designer on the oscar-nominated The Breadwinner.
Other short animated films Louise has directed include Cúl An Tí, Loose Ends and Donkey.
See also
Tomm Moore
Nora Twomey
Cinema of Ireland
References
Living people
Cartoon Saloon people
Irish animators
Irish animated film directors
Irish film directors
Alumni of IADT
Irish women animators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Johannes Dietwald (born 13 April 1985 in Hanover) is a German former football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Hannover 96.
References
1985 births
Living people
German footballers
Hannover 96 players
Hannover 96 II players
Bundesliga players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Hanover
Pyuridae is a family of tunicates.
Species of Halocynthia, Microcosmus and Pyura spp. are eaten as seafoods.
Genera
Bathypera
Bathypyura Monniot & Monniot, 1973
Boltenia
Bolteniopsis
Claudenus Kott, 1998
Cratostigma
Ctenyura
Culeolus
Halocynthia
Hartmeyeria
Herdmania
Heterostigma
Microcosmus
Pyura
Pyurella
See also
Sea peach
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate families
The following polls make up the 1981 NCAA Division I baseball rankings. Baseball America began publishing its poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1981. Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957, and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961. This was the first season with two major polls.
Baseball America
Currently, only the final poll from the 1981 season is available.
Collegiate Baseball
Currently, only the final poll from the 1981 season is available.
References
College baseball rankings in the United States
Stathis Chatzilampros (; born 24 June 1997) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back.
References
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Gamma Ethniki players
Super League Greece 2 players
Levadiakos F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Thebes, Greece
John Ross (born February 29, 1964) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Career
Ross was a runner-up in the boys' doubles at the 1982 Wimbledon Championships, where he and partner Rick Leach lost in the final to Pat Cash and John Frawley. He also competed in the boys' singles, reaching the quarter-finals.
He played collegiate tennis at Southern Methodist University and was an All-American in 1984, 1985 and 1986.
His best performance on the Grand Prix tour came in 1987, when he was the singles runner-up, to Peter Lundgren, at Rye Brook. En route he defeated top 100 players Jaime Yzaga and Thomas Muster. Later that year he had a win over world number 19 Slobodan Živojinović in Hong Kong. In 1988, he got within two points of upsetting Stefan Edberg at Forest Hills.
Ross made the second round of the Wimbledon Championships and the US Open in 1988. In the second round of the US Open, he took 12th seed Guillermo Pérez Roldán to five sets.
He retired from professional tennis in 1991, to study at Harvard Business School.
Grand Prix career finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Challenger titles
Doubles: (1)
References
1964 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from Florida
SMU Mustangs men's tennis players
Harvard Business School alumni
1922 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 16th water polo championship in Hungary. There were five teams who played match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1922 in water polo
1922 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The men's 10,000 metres walk event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 21 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
21 July
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 33 athletes from 23 countries participated in the event.
References
10,000 metres walk
Racewalking at the World Athletics U20 Championships
In Greek mythology, Moria (Ancient Greek: Μορια means "sacred olive-tree") was a Naiad nymph dwelling by the river Hermus. She was the sister of Tylus.
Mythology
Moria makes an appearance in Nonnus' Dionysiaca, in an episode that is as follows. Tylus accidentally touched a serpent, which then attacked Tylus, coiled round his body and suffocated him; Tylus was not his first victim. Moria only could helplessly watch her brother die, but then Damasen, a Giant son of Gaia, arrived on the spot; Moria implored him to help and he killed the serpent, hitting it with the trunk of a tree he tore out of the ground. Then a female serpent, the slain monster's mate, appeared and used a magical herb, referred to as "Zeus' flower", to bring the dead serpent back to life. Moria then used the same herb to revive her brother.
It has been speculated that the myth of Moria, Tylus and Damasen may be rooted in Lydian mythology.
A similar story could be compared to that of Polyidus who used an herb to resurrect Glaucus, the son of Minos.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca translated by William Henry Denham Rouse (1863-1950), from the Loeb Classical Library, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press, 1940. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Nonnus of Panopolis, Dionysiaca. 3 Vols. W.H.D. Rouse. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1940-1942. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Naiads
Characters in Greek mythology
Greek mythology of Anatolia
Sandor Teszler (June 25, 1903 in Budapest, Hungary – July 23, 2000 in Spartanburg, South Carolina), was a Hungarian-American textile executive and philanthropist who survived the Holocaust, working as a textile executive in Hungary, Yugoslavia, and the United States.
Early years
Born in Budapest, Hungary, Teszler spent his early years in hospitals in Budapest being treated for club feet, but after several years of treatment, was able to enter school.
After attending high school in Budapest, he studied textile engineering at the University of Chemnitz, in Germany. As a Jew, Teszler was unable to attend university in Hungary because the quota of Jewish students had already been filled.
Early career
Following his graduation from the University of Chemnitz, he joined his brother's textile company in Zagreb, Croatia in 1925. In 1929, the firm merged with another firm and moved to Cakovec, Croatia. The textile industry in Yugoslavia was almost nonexistent at this point, because most textile firms had been in the Czech part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. By 1941, it had become a large, vertically-integrated firm, with spinning, dyeing, weaving, knitting, and apparel manufacturing.
World War II
Following the German invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, the area in which his factory was located came under Hungarian control. The factory continued to produce textile goods for the Hungarian government. For three years, the Teszler family, including his wife and two sons, was unharmed. When the German army occupied Hungary in 1944, the situation for Hungary's Jews deteriorated rapidly. The intervention of factory workers themselves kept the Teszler family from being deported, but resulted in their being virtually imprisoned on the factory grounds for six months. Later taken with his family back to Budapest, he was able to go into hiding, but in November, was taken to a death house. On the verge of committing suicide by taking cyanide tablets, they were saved by the intervention of the Swiss consul, who was responsible for Yugoslav citizens in Budapest.
After they were liberated by the Soviets, the Teszlers tried to rebuild their lives. The Yugoslav government seized their factory, claiming they had collaborated with the Germans. Teszler was one of three experts in textiles who helped to rebuild Hungary's textile industry, but deteriorating conditions and the pending takeover of Hungary's government by Communists led him to leave for Great Britain, where his sons were in school.
Years in America
In January 1948, Teszler emigrated to New York City, where he began managing one of his brother's textile factories on Long Island. His sons followed, and both enrolled at North Carolina State University to study textiles and chemistry. In 1960, his son Andrew Teszler moved to Spartanburg, South Carolina to start the Butte Knitting Mill, and in 1961, Sandor Teszler sold his plant on Long Island and moved to Spartanburg. He started a textile factory in nearby Kings Mountain, North Carolina, and because of his experience with discrimination in Europe, he intentionally integrated his plant. In 1965, he sold his plant to Reeves Brothers and began working with Andrew Teszler in Spartanburg.
In 1971, Andrew Teszler, a member of the Wofford College Board of Trustees, contributed funds to Wofford in honor of his father, and the college's new library, opened in 1969, was named the Sandor Teszler Library in his honor. In that same year, Andrew Teszler left Butte Knitting and started a new company, called the Olympia Mill, and after his sudden death in May 1971, Sandor Teszler became chairman of that company. He continued to work there until his retirement in 1979, after Monsanto had taken ownership.
Retirement and legacy
In retirement, Sandor Teszler traveled and audited courses at Wofford College. After the death of his wife of 54 years, Lidia, in 1981 and the death of his son Otto in 1990, he became a fixture on the Wofford campus, attending courses and reading books in the library that bears his name.
In those years, he audited over fifty classes at the college, particularly ones in the humanities, art history, philosophy, and history. Students took to calling him "Opi," a Hungarian word for grandfather. The college awarded him an honorary doctor of humanities degree in 1987. In 1996, when he was 93 years old, the faculty of the college voted to make him a professor in the humanities. In informing him of his appointment, the college's academic dean noted that "although you have come to campus as our student, the truth is that we have been your student for years."
The paintings given by Sandor Teszler formed the core of Wofford College's Easter European collection. In addition to his involvement at Wofford, Teszler was a contributor to numerous local institutions.
Teszler concluded his 1990 Memoir with the remarks,"How is it that I feel that I was not embittered or scarred by the experiences of my condition in my childhood and of the horrors of my adult life in Yugoslavia and Hungary? …I do not know why this is so, but in spite of all the tragedy of my life, I do know that whatever kindness I have shown others has been returned to me."
Sandor Teszler Award for Moral Courage and Service to Humankind
After his death in 2000, at age 97, Wofford College created the Sandor Teszler Award for Moral Courage and Service to Humankind in his memory. That award has been presented thus far to Marian Wright Edelman, Dr. Paul Farmer, Vernon Baker, Jacqueline Novogratz, John Wood and Eboo Patel. Sandor Teszler was also the subject of Wofford President Benjamin B. Dunlap's 2007 TED Talk.
References
Sources
Memoirs of Sandor Teszler on the Teszler Library website
External links
Memoirs of Sandor Teszler
Sandor Teszler Library
Find a Grave Memorial: Sandor Teszler
1903 births
2000 deaths
Businesspeople from Budapest
Hungarian Jews
Businesspeople in textiles
Hungarian expatriates in Germany
Hungarian expatriates in Yugoslavia
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Abdul Rasul was an Iraqi nuclear engineer and a nuclear scientist. He was the central figure in Iraq's nuclear weapon program and is considered a nuclear weapon technologist. He was the head of Iraq's nuclear program from 1973 until 1981. He was heavily involved in France-Iraq nuclear cooperation deal. During his visit to France, he was poisoned at a Paris lunch by Mossad and died in 1981. Tzipi Livni, Israel's prominent and powerful politician is believed to be involved in his murder. He worked at Osirak, which was a nuclear reactor site reportedly involved in the development of nuclear weapons.
References
Year of birth missing
1981 deaths
Iraqi scientists
Iraqi nuclear physicists
Nuclear engineers
People killed in Mossad operations
Joe Lawlor (born 5 October 1966) is an Irish boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Irish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Ireland
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
James Cockburn (ca 1763 – August 19, 1819) was a Canadian physician and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Gaspé in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1816 to 1819.
He was born in Chichester and practised medicine there before coming to Lower Canada. He was authorized to practise in Lower Canada in 1806. Cockburn was a surgeon and pharmacist in Quebec City. He established a hospital in the Lower Town there for sailors and victims of accidents on ships. He married his second wife, a Miss McKeige, in 1819. Cockburn died in office near Newfoundland while sailing to England aboard the William Pitt and was probably buried at sea.
References
1819 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada
Year of birth uncertain
Llaneuddog is a hamlet in the community of Llaneilian, Ynys Môn, Wales. It lies along the A5025 road, between Brynrefail and Penysarn, near Dulas. It belonged to the historical parish of Llanwenllwyfo, now part of Llaneilian. The hamlet takes its name from an ancient chapel to St Euddog which was in the vicinity of the A5025. It was recorded in 1920 as having the stones re-used in farm buildings, and the water stoup used as a pig trough at nearby Lligwy. The presumed site is a small enclosure with a crescent-shaped bank thought to be the churchyard boundary.
One of the prominent buildings near the Llaneuddog crossroads is Sardis Baptist Chapel. First built in 1834, it was rebuilt in 1905 at the height of the 1904–1905 Welsh revival.
The 1919 Memoirs of the Geological Survey of England & Wales suggests that in the early part of the 20th century there were a brickworks in the area.
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
is a 1991 Japan-exclusive football video game with top-down perspective, published by Hudson Soft for the PC Engine. It was part of the Power Sports Series, a series of sports games released between 1988 and 1998.
The game was also released for the Wii Virtual Console on February 26, 2008.
Gameplay
Teams
There are 12 teams in total to choose from. These are:
Modes
General
There are no fouls or off-sides. In the case of a draw penalty kicks are shot which decide who the winner is. Before the beginning of the 2nd half of each game there is a short cheerleaders show. At the end of the show their leader gives a message to the player.
All players have a number of attributes. These are:
Run (RUN)
Dribble (DBL)
Kick (KCK)
Technique (TEQ)
Power (POW)
Each player has a number for each one which can range from 1 to 10. The higher the number in one attribute the more skilled the player is in that particular area.
The Power attribute refers to the amount of "power" the player begins the game with. During the match this amount is shown in the lower left or right part of the screen for the currently controlled player. When used the player can move faster and strike harder but it also causes the remaining amount to decrease. It is slightly replenished at the beginning of the second half and fully replenished after each match. The total amount of "power" each player can have cannot be changed. Goalkeepers use it automatically when trying to save the ball. The CPU player only ever uses it when shooting.
Hudson cup
The player chooses one of the 12 teams and play against all the other teams in a series of matches. Winning a game will allow the player to play against the next team. After a loss, the player may either retry right away or at a later time by using a save or a password. Each game half lasts for approximately four minutes.
At the end of each winning game, if enough goals were scored, the player is given up to three new players to add to the team. This is the only time when the player has the option to replace the players in the team. There is a maximum number of such "bonus" players; if there are no more left, previous unused or replaced ones reappear. The player can only be given new substitutes starting from the second game. Regardless of the number of goals scored, the maximum number of substitutes for the second and third games is one and two, respectively. For the rest of the games the maximum number is three. There is normally one substitute for every three goals scored.
After a victory the player is also given a password and the option to save the current game (if the PC-Engine being used has that ability). The save and password contain information regarding the current progress in the Hudson Cup as well as team players and their positions in the field. Only the last two bits of information are used when the save or password is used in the other modes (Vs etc.).
For the all modes apart from PK, the player can choose the formation of the team before each game (2FB (offensive), 433 (balanced), 532 (defensive)) as well as the position of the players in the field. Both are also possible after each goal (see controls).
After the player beats the final (11th) team there is a congratulations screen in which a hand of a player holding the World Cup is shown, followed by a medals ceremony with fireworks. No credits are shown but instead the player can continue with the current team (with all changes and subs) for another round of 11 matches. This new round is the same as the first one as far as the order of the teams is concerned, but the difficulty is set to "Level 3" for the whole duration so it is much more challenging. Its ending again includes the cup screen and medals ceremony but after that there is a short animation of a person finishing the game and deciding that it is time to turn off the TV and go to sleep, followed by a credits sequence. There is no third round.
Vs, Watch & PK modes
The Vs mode is a single match against either the CPU or another human player. Each side can be any of the default 12 teams or a saved team. The player can choose from three different levels of difficulty, with "Level 3" being the most difficult one. In Watch mode, the user cannot directly control the players, although the formation and the player positions may be changed. In both Vs and Watch modes, the user can choose the duration of each half which can last 15, 30 or 45 min. (two, four or six minutes in actual time). In PK mode, only penalty kicks are shot.
Controls
Formation screen
Pressing Select takes the player to the Substitutions screen.
While playing
Pressing the "I" button and the directional pad will make the player kick the ball. If the button is pressed quickly he will kick it at a short distance, if pressed for a longer time he will kick it as far away as he can.
Pressing the same button without using the directional pad will make the player kick a long ball. The power button can also be used in this case even though the player is not moving. Receiving players can use long balls to perform a header or a scissor kick.
Pressing the "II" button will use the power bar making the currently controlled player move faster and kick harder. No power is used up when the button is pressed but the player is not moving unless he kicks.
Pausing the match and pressing "I" while playing once will show the map of the football field with all the player positions. Pressing it again will show the time and the current score.
Doing the same after a goal and while the words "Kick Off" are shown on the screen will take the user to the formation screen where changes can be made.
Credits
Planner - Osamu Osanai, Polynesian Jiro
Programmer - Michishito Ishizuka
C. G. Engineer - Shinji Tagoh
Guest - Cyber Akish, Seigo Aihara, Albert Matsuyama
Music Composer - Shinchi Sakamoto, Hiromitsu Watanabe
Adviser - Aroma Suma-P, Isao Komuro
Supervisor - Boo Ueda
Special Thanks - Hiroaki Katoh, Jun Tanita, Mitsuhiro Kadowaki, Eiji Aoyama, Mikio Ueyama, And You...
Critical reception
The Japanese website Wazap! gave the game a total score of 68 out of 100. It scored specially high in the areas of its sound and longevity.
See also
Power Golf
Power Sports
List of Hudson Soft games
List of PC Engine games
List of Virtual Console games for Wii (Japan)
References
External links
Power Eleven at Hudson official site
Power Eleven at The PC Engine Software Bible
1991 video games
Association football video games
Hudson Soft games
Japan-exclusive video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
TurboGrafx-16 games
Video games developed in Japan
Virtual Console games
Sergio Valdés (born 17 September 1978) is a Chilean rugby union footballer. He plays as a lock.
He moved to France, where he has been playing for Stade Aurillacois, Racing Métro 92 (2005-2007), FC Auch (2007-2011), Section Paloise (2011-2013) and SU Agen since 2013.
Valdes is an international player for Chile.
External links
Sergio Valdés Player Statistics
1978 births
Living people
Chilean rugby union players
Rugby union locks
Chilean expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in France
Chile international rugby union players
Stade Aurillacois Cantal Auvergne players
Racing 92 players
SU Agen Lot-et-Garonne players
Section Paloise players
The 2017 Boylesports Irish Greyhound Derby took place during August and September with the final being held on 23 September at Shelbourne Park.
The prize money on offer was being €240,000 of which €150,000 went to the winner Good News, trained by Patrick Guilfoyle, owned by Sandra Guilfoyle and Mary Kennedy and bred by John Kennedy. The competition was sponsored by Boylesports.
Final result
At Shelbourne Park (over 550 yards):
Distances
2, 2, 3, 2½, 4 (lengths)
Competition report
2017 English Greyhound Derby finalist Clares Rocket was once again the ante-post favourite as he was during the 2016 Irish Greyhound Derby. The British challenge was headed by the Select Stakes champion Dorotas Wildcat. The first round took place on 17/18/19 August with the fastest winner being the Graham Holland pair of Sonic (a finalist in 2016) in 29.12 and Clares Rocket in 29.16.
In the first eight heats of the second round Good News set the best time of 29.49 and Sonic recorded a second success, as did Typical Ash. The second eight heats saw Produce and Laurels champion Clonbrien Hero record 29.41 before Clares Rocket won in 29.15. Kilgraney Ace also went well, winning in 29.36.
The 2016 English Greyhound Derby champion Jaytee Jet won his third round heat but it was Clares Rocket who was once again the fastest with a 29.58 win to remain unbeaten. Tyrur Harold, Sonic and Droopys Cabaye also remained unbeaten going into the quarter finals. Dorotas Wildcat was an unfortunate withdrawal after picking up a shoulder injury.
In the quarter finals Sonic won a first messy heat in a time of 29.61 which was followed by an impressive win for Native Chimes from Kilgraney Ace in 29.44. The third quarter went to Black Farren who ended Tyrur Harold's unbeaten run and Jaytee Jet qualified by virtue of a third-place finish but Droopys Cabaye was eliminated. The final heat was won by Good News who surprisingly beat Clares Rocket.
Only Sonic remained unbeaten going into the semi-finals and his chances were enhanced when Clares Rocket was withdrawn lame, which explained the quarter final defeat. The first semi final provided a shock with Black Farren winning in 29.63 followed by Buckos Dream and Hey Bound. The heat favourites Native Chimes and Tyrur Harold were both eliminated. In the second semi final Good News defeated hot favourite Sonic in 29.49 and Jaytee Jet finished third to claim a final place.
The final was won by Good News who was fast away from the traps and always led. Black Farren held onto second place holding off the strong finishing Sonic who had found trouble at the first bend along with the other competitors.
Quarter finals
Semi finals
See also
2017 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
References
Greyhound Derby
Irish Greyhound Derby
Irish Greyhound Derby
Greyhound racing competitions in Dublin (city)
Irish Greyhound Derby
and are both painting techniques employed in (ink based) in China and Japan, as seen in landscape paintings, involving an abstract simplification of forms and freedom of brushwork. The two terms are often confused with each other in ordinary use. Generally, relies on a layered contrast black, gray and white, whereas utilizes "splashes" of ink, without leaving clear contours or outlines. The style apparently started in the Tang Dynasty China with the painter Wang Qia (王洽, fl. 785-805, also known as Wang Mo), but unfortunately none of his paintings remains. According to Zhu Jingxuan:Whenever he wanted to paint a picture, Wang Mo would first drink wine, and when he was sufficiently drunk, would splash the ink onto the painting surface. Then, laughing and singing all the while, he would stamp on it with his feet and smear it with his hands, besides swashing and sweeping it with the brush. The ink would be thin in some places, rich in others; he would follow the shapes which brush and ink had produced, making these into mountains, rocks, clouds and mists, wash in wind and rain, with the suddenness of Creation. It was exactly like the cunning of a deity; when one examined the painting after it was finished he could see no traces of the puddles of ink.During the Song Dynasty, some landscapes of Mu Qi's paintings on the Xiao and Xiang rivers exhibit many of its characteristics, and were highly praised in Japan. It was with Yu Jian (玉澗) in China when we have the first paintings in the style, for example Evening Market. In Japan, these styles of painting were spread by the Japanese painter Sesshū Tōyō. Later, the Kano school of painting will also make many paintings in this style.
See also
Art movement
Creativity techniques
List of art media
List of artistic media
List of art movements
List of most expensive paintings
List of most expensive sculptures
List of art techniques
List of sculptors
References
Japanese painting
Painting techniques
The Soyuz-U launch vehicle was an improved version of the original Soyuz rocket. Soyuz-U was part of the R-7 family of rockets based on the R-7 Semyorka missile. Members of this rocket family were designed by the TsSKB design bureau and constructed at the Progress factory in Samara, Russia (now a united company, TsSKB-Progress). The first Soyuz-U flight took place on 18 May 1973, carrying as its payload Kosmos 559, a Zenit military surveillance satellite. The final flight of a Soyuz-U rocket took place on 22 February 2017, carrying Progress MS-05 to the International Space Station.
Soyuz-U was in use continuously for almost 44 years. Production of R-7 derived launch vehicles peaked in the late 1970s-early 1980s at 55–60 a year. Soyuz-U held the world record of the highest launch rate in a year in 1979 with 47 flights. Over its operational lifetime, the Soyuz-U variant flew a total of 786 missions, another world record. Soyuz-U has also been one of the most reliable launchers, with a success rate of . The rocket had a streak of 112 consecutive successful launches between 11 July 1990 and 5 May 1996.
Development
The earlier Soyuz 11A511 was the first attempt at creating a standardized R-7 core in place of the numerous variations that had been used up to 1966. Starting that year, the 11A511 Blok I and strap-on boosters were added to the Voskhod (11A57), Vostok-2 (8A92), and Molniya-M (8K78M) vehicles as well as minor R-7 variants flown once or twice for specialized payloads.
The uprated 11A511U core was introduced to the R-7 family in 1973, yielding the carrier rocket variant named Soyuz-U, although adoption across the board was not complete until 1977 when the existing stock of 11A511-derived boosters was used up.
Versions
Two versions of Soyuz-U were fitted with an additional upper stage:
Soyuz-U/Ikar with the Ikar third stage, produced by the Progress State Research and Production Rocket Space Center, TsSKB-Progress. Ikar is used to deliver various payloads with masses of to heights of . The performance of the Ikar upper stage is lower than that of the Fregat upper stage, but it is more precise in maneuvering and it can operate autonomously longer. This version was launched 6 times in 1999, carrying four GlobalStar satellites on each mission.
Soyuz-U/Fregat with the Fregat third stage, developed and produced by Lavochkin Association in Khimki. This version only flew 4 times in 2000; the Fregat upper stage was subsequently flown regularly atop Soyuz-FG and Soyuz-2 boosters.
An older variant of Soyuz-U, the Soyuz-U2 launcher, first flown in 1982, had the same hardware as the basic Soyuz-U. Instead of standard RP-1, it used a high energy, synthetic version, Syntin, as the first stage fuel. This variant, mainly used to transport crew and cargo to the Mir space station, last flew in 1995, after production of Syntin ended due to cost reasons.
Soyuz-U was the basic platform for the development of the Soyuz-FG variant, which used an all-new first stage and took over crew transport to the ISS in 2002. Since 2013, both Soyuz-U and Soyuz-FG are gradually being replaced by the modernized Soyuz-2 launch vehicle.
Human spaceflight
The first use of a Soyuz-U to launch a crewed mission took place 2 December 1974, when the Soyuz 16 crew was launched in preparation for the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project (ASTP). Soyuz 19, which as part of the ASTP docked with the last Apollo spacecraft ever flown, was also launched by a Soyuz-U rocket.
On 6 July 1976, a Soyuz-U launched Soyuz 21, which took a crew of two to the Salyut 5 space station. Many subsequent space station crews were launched on Soyuz-U launchers. The final crewed mission to use the Soyuz-U was Soyuz TM-34, a Soyuz ferry flight to the International Space Station.
A spectacular accident occurred on 26 September 1983, when the launcher for the Soyuz T-10a mission was destroyed by fire on the launch pad. The crew was saved by activation of the launch escape system a few seconds before the explosion.
Missions after 2000
From 2000 until its retirement in 2017, Soyuz-U vehicles were used by the Russian Federal Space Agency primarily to launch Progress-M robotic cargo spacecraft on resupply missions to the International Space Station (ISS).
Although the Soyuz-U was generally very reliable, occasional failures occurred, such as the October 2002 launch of a Foton satellite which crashed near the pad at Plesetsk after the Blok D strap-on booster suffered an engine malfunction. One person on the ground was killed.
A Soyuz-U mission failed to launch Progress M-12M to the ISS on 24 August 2011, when the upper stage experienced a problem and broke up over Siberia. It was the first time a Progress spacecraft had failed to reach orbit. Another cargo ship, Progress MS-04, was lost on 1 December 2016 shortly after launch, likely due to a problem with the third stage of the Soyuz-U.
In April 2015, Soyuz-U was declared obsolete. Its production was stopped and the rocket was scheduled for retirement after launching the remaining vehicles with Progress cargo ships. The final flight was Progress MS-05, which launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome on 22 February 2017, 05:58:33 UTC.
References
External links
(PDF) Soyuz Launch Vehicle Users Manual
Astronautix.com entry on Soyuz-U / 11A511U
Astronautix.com entry on Soyuz-U2 / 11A511U2
Russian Federal Space Agency about Soyuz-U
Russian Federal Space Agency about Soyuz-U/Ikar
Russian Federal Space Agency about Soyuz-U/Fregat
Russian Federal Space Agency about Soyuz-U2
LV's manufacturer TsSKB-Progress about Soyuz-U (in Russian)
1973 in spaceflight
Soyuz program
Space launch vehicles of the Soviet Union
R-7 (rocket family)
Space launch vehicles of Russia
Vehicles introduced in 1973
Portugal competes at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Taragona, Spain from 22 June to 1 July 2018.
Medal Summary
Medal Table
| style="text-align:left; width:78%; vertical-align:top;"|
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
References
Nations at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games
2018
Mike Giddings (born c. 1933) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Utah from 1966 to 1967, compiling a record of 9–12. Giddings was later the head coach of The Hawaiians of the short-lived World Football League in 1974 and 1975.
Head coaching record
College
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
California Golden Bears football players
Denver Broncos coaches
San Francisco 49ers coaches
USC Trojans football coaches
Utah Utes football coaches
High school football coaches in California
Glendale Vaqueros football coaches
The Hawaiians coaches
United States Marine Corps officers
Songs of Faith is a 1950 album by Jo Stafford. The album is a collection of hymns and inspirational songs.
Track listing
Lead Kindly Light
Battle Hymn of the Republic
In the Garden
The Old Rugged Cross
Nearer, My God, to Thee
Abide With Me
He Leadeth Me
Rock of Ages
References
1950 albums
Jo Stafford albums
Christian music albums by American artists
FC Zirka-2 Kropyvnytskyi was a Ukrainian football team based in Kropyvnytskyi, Ukraine. The club has been featured regularly in the Ukrainian Second Division it serves as a junior team for the FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi franchise. Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team, meanwhile developing other players for further call-ups.
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Ukrainian reserve football teams
Association football clubs established in 1997
Association football clubs disestablished in 2000
1997 establishments in Ukraine
2000 disestablishments in Ukraine
Italian submarine Gemma was a built for the Royal Italian Navy (Regia Marina) during the 1930s. Her name in Italian means a gemstone or jewel.
Design and description
The Perla-class submarines were essentially repeats of the preceding . The modifications that were made compared to the boats of the previous series were mostly of upgrade nature. Among them were enlargement of the false tower at the top, more modern engines, installation of a radiogoniometer that could be controlled from inside the ship. Improvements and the installation of new air conditioning equipment meant a slight increase in displacement, and increase in the fuel stowage also increased the autonomy of these boats compared to the previous series. Their designed full load displacement was surfaced and submerged, but varied somewhat depending on the boat and the builder. The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of to .
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft with overall power of . When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the Perla class had a range of at , submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six internal torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern. One reload torpedo was carried for each tube, for a total of twelve. They were also armed with one deck gun for combat on the surface. The light anti-aircraft armament consisted of one or two pairs of machine guns.
Construction and career
Gemma was built by CRDA at their shipyard in Monfalcone, laid on 7 September 1935, launched on 21 May 1936 and completed on 8 July 1936.
After delivery, Gemma was assigned to the 35th Squadron (III Submarine group) based at Messina. After a brief training, she carried out a long endurance cruise in the Dodecanese in the fall of 1936. She repeated the same endurance cruise in the Dodecanese in 1937.
From August 27 through September 5, 1937 Gemma, under command of captain Carlo Ferracuti, carried out a secret mission in the Strait of Sicily during the Spanish Civil War. She made three attempts to attack during this mission, but no actual attacks happened due to impossibility to identify the targets with certainty. Upon completion she returned to Augusta.
In 1938, Gemma together with were assigned to the Red Sea base of Massawa in Eritrea. In the spring of 1939 Gemma and performed a cruise in the Indian Ocean to test the performance of the class in terms of sailing and operational capability in warm seas and during the monsoon season. The results were disappointing: it was discovered that stormy sea prevented the use of submarine's armament and made it very difficult even to remain at a periscope depth. There were also reports of malfunctioning air conditioning system, and leaks of chloromethane were reported. In the fall of 1939 she came back to the Mediterranean and was assigned to the 14th Submarine Squadron (I Submarine group) based at La Spezia. In 1940 Gemma was reassigned to the 13th Submarine Squadron (I Submarine Group), but was operating from Leros.
After Italy's entrance into World War II, Gemma, under command of Guido Lanza Cordero di Montezemolo, was sent to patrol off Chios. She returned to her base on June 15 without encountering any traffic.
From June 30 through July 8, 1940 Gemma patrolled off Sollum, and returned to her base without sighting any enemy ships.
From August 7 through August 16, 1940 she patrolled off Crete, but again without any success.
On September 30, 1940, Gemma sailed to her area of operation, located in the northern section of the Strait of Kasos, just east of Crete. was deployed to the south of Gemma, in the center of the Strait of Kasos, and further south, another submarine, under command of captain Alberto Avogadro di Cerrione, was deployed. Gemma arrived in the area on October 1 and was supposed to remain on station until October 8, but in the evening of October 3 she was ordered to patrol further east in the strait between Rhodes and Karpathos. On October 6, a new order was sent to Gemma telling her to return to the base, but due to a mix-up the message was never received by Gemma and she remained on her station. On October 7, Tricheco had a sick crew on board and had to return to Leros. On her return voyage she had to pass near the eastern coast of Karpathos, thus crossing an area where Gemma was stationed. Due to a mix-up and delay in communication, Tricheco was unaware of Gemmas location.
At 1:15 on Oct. 8, Tricheco sighted in the dark a silhouette of a submarine on the surface. Since it was impossible to recognize the nationality of a submarine at night, it was a normal practice to consider all unknown submarines enemies, unless a presence of a submarine was communicated to the captain. At 1:21 Tricheco launched two torpedoes from a short distance against an "enemy" ship. Gemma was hit by both torpedoes right in the middle and immediately sank with the entire crew in the position just off the coast of Karpathos.
Captain Cordero di Montezemolo, four other officers, and 39 other crew members went down with the boat.
Initially the disappearance of Gemma was attributed to British anti-submarine activity, as the October 8th radio news reported the loss of two enemy submarines with several survivors captured which gave families some hope. However, soon the coincidence between Trichecos attack and the disappearance of Gemma became all too obvious. Gemma was declared as lost, and her crew was declared dead, rather than missing.
Notes
References
External links
Coastal submarines: Perla class
Perla-class submarines
World War II submarines of Italy
Lost submarines of Italy
Maritime incidents in October 1940
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
1936 ships
Ships built by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico
Ships built in Monfalcone
Ships lost with all hands
Friendly fire incidents of World War II
Submarines sunk by submarines
Ships sunk by Italian submarines
A tasting menu is a collection of several dishes in small portions, served by a restaurant as a single meal. The French name for a tasting menu is menu dégustation. Some restaurants and chefs specialize in tasting menus, while in other cases, it is a special or a menu option. Tasting menus may be offered to provide a sample of a type of cuisine, a house specialty, or to take advantage of fresh seasonal ingredients.
Coming to the mainstream in the 1990s, tasting menus evolved into elaborate showcases highlighting the culinary artistry of the chef. The trend traces back centuries, but some trace the latest evolution to the mid-1990s and two highly lauded restaurants, Chef Ferran Adrià's El Bulli in Spain, and Chef Thomas Keller's French Laundry, in Napa Valley, north of San Francisco in the U.S., that offered tasting menus of 40 courses or more. Tasting menus have since become increasingly popular, to the point where, in 2013, New York Times food critic Pete Wells noted, "Across the country, expensive tasting-menu-only restaurants are spreading like an epidemic."
Characteristic
Offering tasting menus is done to provide a customer with the flavors of a particular cuisine, or to offer home-made specialties or some local variant of ingredients. When a cake is contracted to a restaurant, tasting menus are usually offered so that the buyers of the service can get an idea of the dishes that are going to be served.
In the Customer Tasting Menu you can live a non-traditional gastronomic experience where you will have the privilege of sitting at the chef's table in an open kitchen where you can try a number of different dishes and each one paired with a different drink.
See also
Degustation
Pu pu platter
Service à la française
Prix fixe
References
Further reading
Restaurant menus
Greive is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bob Greive (1919–2004), American politician
Bradley Trevor Greive (born 1970), Australian author
Edward Greive (1797–1845), Canadian politician and businessman
Hermann Greive (1935–1984), German professor of Jewish studies
Johan Conrad Greive (1837–1891), Dutch painter
Petrus Franciscus Greive (1811–1872), Dutch painter and lithographer
Tallulah Greive (born 1997), Australian-Scottish actress
See also
George Grieve (1748–1809), or Greive (as he latterly spelled it), was the persecutor of Madame Du Barry
Celia Christine Gregory (23 September 1949 – 8 September 2008) was a British stage, film and television actress, who became a faith healer later in life.
Best known for her role as Ruth Anderson in the 1976 BBC television drama Survivors, she also appeared in such television series as Hammer House of Horror, The Professionals, Bergerac, Tales of the Unexpected, The Problem of Thor Bridge and Reilly, Ace of Spies, among many others.
She also worked as a stage actress in London's West End opposite Laurence Olivier, Joan Plowright and Frank Finlay in 1973 in Eduardo De Filippo's play, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. In 1991 she played Calphurnia in Julius Caesar and Lady Capulet in Romeo and Juliet for the Royal Shakespeare Company.
She married Keith Bender and they had two sons. The marriage ended in divorce. She retired in 1993 to spend time with her family. Celia Gregory died in 2008, aged 58, from undisclosed causes.
Filmography
References
External links
Obituary in The Guardian
Obituary in The Stage
1949 births
2008 deaths
English film actresses
English stage actresses
English television actresses
Actresses from London
Place of death missing
20th-century British businesspeople
Alfred Edward Rodewald (1862 – 1903) was an English musician, but a merchant by profession. He developed the Liverpool Orchestral Society to become a large semi-professional orchestra of distinction. He was a close friend of the English composer, Edward Elgar and the Austro-Hungarian conductor Hans Richter.
Family background
Alfred Edward Rodewald was born on 28 January 1862 in Mossley Hill, then part of the Township of Wavertree, Lancashire, England, but now a suburb of Liverpool. He was baptised at the Church of St Anne [C of E], Aigburth, on 22 May 1862. Mossley Hill Church had not yet been built. He never married and died suddenly at his home in Liverpool on 9 November 1903. His ashes are interred in the family grave at Toxteth Park Cemetery, Liverpool. Numerous obituaries were written. On 17 November 2008, the Rodewald Concert Society, with support from the Elgar Society, placed a blue plaque on his former home.
His grandfather, Johann Friedrich Arnold Rodewald (1782-1835) was a very successful businessman in Bremen, Germany. and was instrumental in the founding of the seaport of Bremerhaven. His father, Carl (Charles) Ferdinand Rodewald (1820-1906), was born in Bremen, but moved to America where he met his wife Amelia Mary Elizabeth Byrne (1833-1905). and eventually became a British citizen. His maternal grandfather was John Bligh Byrne (1793-1848) who had emigrated from Lurgan, County Armagh, Northern Ireland, to New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. The family moved to Liverpool, at about the time of the American Civil War, joining some of his wife's family. J B Byrne had died by then but his half-brother, Charles Holtzendorff Byrne (1782-1853), a sailmaker, had already settled in Liverpool after moving from the shipping industry in Scotland. Whether J B Byrne's widow, Madeleine Azemia née Remy (1803-1884), also moved to Liverpool is uncertain. She was still in New Orleans in 1850, and died in Paris, where she may have been living or on a visit to relatives, but she is buried in Liverpool.
There are family connections on his father's side with the painter, James Abbott McNeill Whistler, the campaigner for women's education in Germany, Verena Rodewald (1834-1903), the German politician, Hermann Rodewald (1869-1945), the conductor and former President of the Rodewald Concert Society, Sir Adrian Boult (1899-1983), the historian and University of Manchester benefactor, Cosmo Alastair Rodewald (1915-2002) and Donna Margherita Princess of Ruspoli (d 1954, see Ruspoli family). On his mother's side, the naval architect, St Clare John Byrne (1830-1915) and the historian, Muriel St. Clare Byrne (1895-1983) are descendants of C H Byrne, and there is an indirect link to John Bligh, 4th Earl of Darnley.
Early years
Rodewald was educated at Charterhouse School up to the age of 17 and thereafter in France and Germany but little is known about his later education. At school he had no particular academic or sporting distinction but sang in the choir and played violin in the orchestra. He also played the piano and, at some stage, he changed to the double bass.
Professional career
Rodewald started his career as a clerk with a London bank, but soon joined his father's firm of Rodewald & Co in Liverpool. This firm seems to have traded cotton and other merchandise from America. His elder brother John Ferdinand Byrne Rodewald (1856-1891) also joined the firm from America, allowing the father to retire to London. Unfortunately he died suddenly in 1891 leaving Alfred to take over the business at age 29. The cotton trade was a big industry at that time, being imported from America to Liverpool and then traded to the mills in Manchester and other Lancashire towns via rail and the Manchester Ship Canal. Alfred was elected to the board of The Liverpool Cotton Association (now the International Cotton Association) but resigned after only a few weeks (for reasons unknown). The cotton trade had numerous setbacks during Rodewald's time which must have made his life stressful and may have affected his health. He had other business interests being a director of the North British and Mercantile Insurance and Secretary of the Bimetallist Society (see Bimetalism).
Musical career
Little is known of Rodewald's musical education and he was probably mostly self-taught after leaving school, but during his time in Germany he may have come under the influence of his uncle Herman George Rodewald (1815-1891) who, after a successful business career in South America retired back to Bremen in 1858 to devote himself to music. He played the double bass in the Lower Rhine Music Festival (Niederrheinisches Musikfest) and it was here that he first met the conductor, Hans Richter, (Director of the Festival 1877 and 1878) who became a lifelong friend. In 1884 Rodewald joined Father James Nugent's Liverpool Peoples' Orchestra as a double bass player and had taken over the role of conductor by 1886. He developed this orchestra to a high standard and reformed it in 1890 as the Liverpool Orchestral Society which eventually became a large semi-professional orchestra, well respected throughout the country. As well as conducting and playing the double bass (in other orchestras), he gave regular lectures on music in the Rotunda (later known as Picton Hall and now part of the Liverpool Central Library). In 1900 Rodewald took over the conductorship of the New Brighton Tower Orchestra on Granville Bantock's appointment as Principal of the new school of music at the Birmingham Midland Institute (now the Royal Birmingham Conservatoire). He was a great admirer of Wagner and a champion of the modern composers of his day, such as Tchaikovsky, Antonin Dvorak and Richard Strauss and in particular British composers such as Alexander Mackenzie and Hamish MacCunn as well as Elgar, Granville Bantock and Charles Villiers Stanford.
Granville Bantock introduced Rodewald to Edward Elgar and they became very close friends. Elgar conducted the first performance of his first two Pomp and Circumstance Marches at a concert given by the Liverpool Orchestral Society in the old Philharmonic Hall, Liverpool. No 1 (which became ‘Land of Hope and Glory') was dedicated to Rodewald and the Liverpool Orchestral Society and No 2 was dedicated to Bantock. Rodewald was also a close friend of Hans Richter, the Hallé Orchestra's Austrian conductor and it is said that he was Richter's only conducting pupil. Elgar was devastated by Rodewald's sudden death. Having reached Liverpool just too late to see him, he wandered the street in a daze. Richter took over the concert being prepared by Rodewald at the time of his death, as a memorial concert following his sudden demise.
In 1911 a group of friends founded the Rodewald Concert Club, later renamed the Rodewald Concert Society, in his memory with the support of the composer, Charles Villiers Stanford (elected as the first President) and famous baritone, Harry Plunket Greene. On Stanford's death, Elgar was invited to become the President of the Society. However, he declined in an infamous letter saying that orchestral concerts should have been maintained as Rodewald's memorial and that chamber music was inadequate. This response outraged the committee. Elgar's view was also shared by Bowden who supported the idea being canvased at the time that official recognition of the Society should be given by creation of a Liverpool Municipal Orchestra.
A commemorative plaque was placed on Rodewald's final residence at 66 Huskisson Street, Liverpool, L8 7LR by the Rodewald Concert Society with support from the Elgar Society and a suite in the refurbished Philharmonic Hall was named the ‘Rodewald Suite'. Sadly this part of the Hall has since been redeveloped and the name has not been retained.
Rodewald the man
Alfred Rodewald was a very tall man (6 feet 3 inches) with a commanding presence and a great sense of humour. He was a strict disciplinarian. Although he does not appear to have been active in sport at school, he was obviously a fit man. He played both cricket and football for his old boys' club and was a keen cyclist. He, Elgar and his colleague Mignot cycled from his holiday home at Betws-y-Coed to Tremadog and back, quite a feat considering the steep hills, cycles without the numerous gears of a modern bicycle and the road surfaces at that time. He conducted with tact, energy and enthusiasm. He was a perpetrator of many pranks, known as 'Japes'. The most elaborate of these was the secret society, STP, which stood for ‘Skip the Pavement'. This referred to the need to hurry to the local hostelry after a concert for a quick drink before closing. Members included Bantock, Elgar, Ernest Newman, Ivor Atkins, Troyte Griffith (Enigma Variations no VII) and possibly Richter, Havergal Brian, and Sir Frederic Hymen Cowen. From his orchestra he expected commitment and as close to perfection as possible, often repeating passages many times in an attempt to achieve this.
Sources
Rodewald Concert Society archives: Liverpool Record Office ref. 780 RCS.
John E. Kelly, Elgar's Best Friend: Alfred Rodewald of Liverpool, Carnegie Publishing Ltd, Lancaster, 2013,
Sekunda, Nicholas, Ed., Corolla Cosmo Rodewald, Foundation for the Development of Gdansk University, 2001,
Byrne-Rothwell, Daniel, Ed. The Byrnes and the O'Byrnes, Vol 3, House of Lochar publishers, Isle of Colonsay, Scotland, 2012,
Boult, David, A Boult Album, (family publication) 2003, Liverpool Record Office ref Hq 942 707 092 Bou
Darren Henley & Vincent McKernan, The Original Liverpool Sound, Liverpool University Press, 2009,
Bowden, W. J., Alfred Edward Rodewald :Merchant and Musician, The Musical Standard, 19 September 1903
Benas¸ Bertram B., Merseyside Orchestras: An Introduction to the History of Local Instrumental Music, Transactions of the Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire Vol 95, 1943
Crowther, Anne L., Alfred Rodewald and the Liverpool Orchestral Society, The Elgar Society Journal, Vol 6 No 1, 2009
Rohdewald, Wolfgang, Roots Web's World Connect Project: Rodewald, Der Rodewalde Gerschlecht, Table XII, 4
References
External links
Rodewald Concert Society
Elgar Society
Liverpool Record Office
Toxteth Park Cemetery Inscriptions
Whistler Collection
Roots Web's World Connect Project: Rodewald
Open Plaques
British conductors (music)
British merchants
1862 births
1903 deaths
People educated at Charterhouse School
British expatriates in France
British expatriates in Germany
19th-century British businesspeople
Musicians from Liverpool
An Indian Identity Certificate, simply known as Identity Certificate (IC), is a travel document issued by the Passport Seva (Passport Service), Consular, Passport & Visa (CPV) Division of the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India to non-citizens of the Republic of India for foreign travel. It enables the bearer to travel internationally and serves as proof of identity as per the Passports Act (1967). It is mostly issued to Tibetan refugees, along with other stateless people. Since 28 June 2016, Sweden is no longer accepting the Indian Identity Certificate as a travel document. However, on 9 October 2018, Sweden started accepting the Indian Identify Certificate for Tibetan Refugees on the condition that they have no objection to returning to India.
Application
Applications for an IC can be made to a Passport Seva office.
There are two cases where it is generally issued:
At the behest of the Dalai Lama for Tibetan refugees,
To other stateless people.
IC issuance is subject to clearance by CPV. In addition, clearance by State Government (Department of Home Affairs / Police) / Foreigner Regional Registration Office (FRRO) is also required for grant of a "No Objection to Return to India" (NORI) to be stamped on the Identity Certificate.
Physical appearance
Indian Identity Certificates have a yellow cover with golden colored printing. The Emblem of India is emblazoned in the centre of the front cover. The words 'Identity Certificate' (English) are inscribed above the Emblem whereas 'भारत गणराज्य' (Hindi) and 'Republic of India' (English) are inscribed below the emblem. The standard book contains 36 pages.
Identity certificate note
The note bearing page is typically stamped and signed by the issuing authority.
See also
Refugees in India
The Passports Act
References
Identity documents of India
The Connecticut Department of Public Works (DPW) is a defunct department of the American state of Connecticut. In 2013 it was transferred to the Connecticut Department of Administrative Services.
History
During the 1990s and early 2000s The DPW suffered under the corrupt eight-year leadership of Commissioner Theodore R. Anson. Anson was appointed Commissioner of the DPW by Governor John G. Rowland in 1995 following a career in the private sector. Anson resigned in September 2003 after the Hartford Courant reported that he had taken a bribe in the form of free design work from the architecture firm Kaestle Boos Associates. Governor Rowland subsequently appointed James T. Fleming to lead the Department.
In July 2013 the department became part of the Connecticut Department of Administrative Services (DAS).
References
State agencies of Connecticut
The 2020 J3 League, referred to as the for sponsorship reasons, was the 7th season of J3 League under its current name.
On 19 March, the J.League announced no relegation would take place for the 2020 season, with the J1 League expanding to 20 clubs for the 2021 season.
Postponement of the beginning of the season
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic-related concerns, the Japan Football Association (JFA) opted to postpone the beginning of the season, firstly established for 7 March.
On 25 February, all J.League matches until 15 March were postponed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. After that, it was announced that it would be postponed until 29 March. On March 19, the J.League announced no relegation would take place for the 2020 season, with the J1 League expanding to 20 clubs for the 2021 season. On 25 March, the league announced that the season would be suspended between 3 April and 6 May.
On 3 April, it was decided to start over with the official game schedule, which aimed to gradually resume J3 from 25 April, J2 from 2 May, and J1 from 9 May. Note that, considering a new schedule in the future, the schedule would have called for the season's resumption at least one month later and later in the month.
On 29 May, J.League announced its decision to resume on 27 June. On 9 June, the schedules of the 2020 season were published. On 15 June, new dates were also published. The first 2 matches in each league (J3 1st-2nd section) were held without spectators. After 10 July, as a general rule, the maximum number of people were 5,000 (stadiums with lower capacity are those with less than 50% of the capacity of people watching; no away supporters allowed). After August, the maximum stadium capacity was 50%, and there would be "high alert spectator matches".
After that, at the 11th J.League extraordinary executive committee meeting on 20 July, it was announced that the "super strict alert audience game" was extended to 10 August in view of the spread of coronavirus infection.
Clubs
2019 season saw two teams promoted to J2 League: Giravanz Kitakyushu won the championship after being for three seasons in the third tier, while Thespakusatsu Gunma won promotion just in the last game of the season. From second division, there was a double automatic relegation for the second time: FC Gifu played their first season in J3 after being in the second division for the last 12 years, when J3 League wasn't even on the cards. Alongside them, an incredible final day of the 2019 season pushed Kagoshima United FC immediately back to J3, just one year after sealing their first-ever participation to the second tier. This is the last J3 League season that featured the U-23 teams from J1 League. On 5 June, FC Tokyo U-23 withdrew from the league.
Also, Japan Football League saw the promotion of another club: after two fifth-placed performances, FC Imabari came third in 2019 and booked their first professional season in their history.
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
League table
It was decided on 19 March to change the format regarding the rules for promotion/relegation for the end of the season for the J1, J2 and J3 leagues, such that there would be no relegation this season, that two clubs from the J2 League would be promoted to the 2021 J1 League, and that two clubs from the J3 League would be promoted to the 2021 J2 League (subject to licensing regulations).
FC Tokyo U-23's withdrawal was approved at a board meeting held on 5 June, leaving the J3 League with 18 teams.
Top scorers
After matches played on 20 December 2020.
Attendances
See also
Japan Football Association (JFA)
J.League
2020 J1 League (I)
2020 J2 League (II)
2020 J3 League (III)
2020 Japan Football League (IV)
2020 Japanese Regional Leagues (V/VI)
2020 Fuji Xerox Super Cup (Super Cup)
2020 Emperor's Cup (National Cup)
2020 J.League YBC Levain Cup (League Cup)
References
External links
Official website, JLeague.jp
J3 League seasons
3
J3
Trailokya-Varman (reigned c. 1203–1245 CE) was a king of the Chandela dynasty of central India. He ruled the Jejakabhukti, Kanyakubja, Tripuri and Chedi regions in present-day Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh).
Chandela inscriptions suggest that Trailokyavarman succeeded Paramardi as the Chandela ruler. He was Paramardi's son(Samarjit).
Early life
Prithviraj III Chauhan was killed at the Second Battle of Tarain against the Ghurids in 1192 CE or in the court of Ghurids by chand bardai. After defeating the Chahamanas (Chauhans) and the Gahadavalas of Kanyakubja, the Ghurid governor of Delhi planned an invasion of the powerful Chandela empire . A force led by Qutb al-Din Aibak, and accompanied by strong generals such as Iltutmish, besieged the Chandela fort of Kalanjara in 1202 CE.Fakhruddin Mubarakshah state that the fall of Kalanjara happened in the Hijri year 599 (1202–1203 CE). According to Taj-ul-Masir, Kalanjara fell on 20th of Rajab, in the Hijri year 599, on Monday. However, this date corresponds to 12 April 1203 CE, which was a Friday. Based on different interpretations of the historical sources, different scholars date the fall of Chandelas Empire to either 1202 CE - 1203 CE. After the death of Emperor Parmardideva in the war, it was seen that all would be defeated because of General Ajey Dev, then during the war the prince Samarjit (Trailokyavarman) was rescued and brought to Khajuraho.
Coronation and recapture
Seven inscriptions of Trailokyavarman have been found at Ajaygarh, Banpur, Garra near Chhatarpur, and Tehri (Tikamgarh). A number of other places in the Bundelkhand region are mentioned in these inscriptions. The inscriptions give him the usual imperial titles Asvapati , Gajapati, Rajatreyadhipati Parama-bhattaraka Maharajadhiraja Parameshvara Parama-Maheshvara Shri-Kalanjaradhipati. His coins have been found in Banda district. This indicates that he controlled a large part of the traditional Chandela dominions.
The Maharanakas (feudal chiefs) of Kakaredika (modern Kakreri) transferred their allegiance from the Kalachuris of Tripuri to the Chandelas during Trailokyavarman's reign. The Rewa inscription of Kumarapala gives him the Kalachuri titles such as Trikalingadhipati, probably because he had annexed the Kalachuri territories around the Rewa region. The Dhureti inscription also describes him as Kanyakubjapati (Lord of Kanyakubja), which was not assumed by any other Chandela ruler. It is possible that Trailokyavarman assumed this title following the decline of the Gahadavalas of Kanyakubja.
Battle of Kakadadaha
Trailokyavarman bore the title Kalanjaradhipati ("Lord of Kalanjara"), which suggests that he recovered the Kalanjara fort from the Turkic rulers of the Delhi Sultanate. The Garra copper-plate inscription of Trailokyavarman as well as the Ajaygarh inscription of his successor Viravarman support this hypothesid.The Ajaygarh inscription states that like Vishnu, he lifted the earth submerged in the ocean formed by the Turushkas. At all Chandela king Trailokyavarman defeated Turks at the battle of Kakadadaha and recaptured the Vindhya pradesh, Bundelkhand, Ajaygarh and Jejakabhukti .
References
Bibliography
Chandelas of Jejakabhukti
13th-century Indian monarchs
Bastien Vivès (born 11 February 1984) is a French comic book artist.
Life and career
Born in Paris, Vivès spent his childhood drawing with his younger brother. He took live model classes from the age of 10 years. Vivès studied Applied arts at the Institut Sainte Geneviève Paris (6th) and three years at the Penninghen School of Graphic Arts in Paris and eventually Gobelins School, still in Paris, where he studied animation.
He achieved success first on the internet (on the Catsuka forum) under the pseudonym "Chanmax" with the character Poungi la Racaille (2006, Public Danger)
His first album, Elle(s), published in 2007 by Casterman under the KSTR label and when he was 25 years old, in January 2009, Vivès received the Angoulême Festival Revelation Award for his album A Taste of Chlorine (Le goût du chlore).
In 2010 and 2011, he participated of the online drama Les Autres Gens, written by Thomas Cadène, drawing seven episodes.
In 2013, he published the "French manga" series Lastman, together with Michaël Sanlaville and Balak.
In 2021, his graphic novel Une sœur was adapted by Charlotte Le Bon into the theatrical feature film Falcon Lake, which is slated to premiere at the 2022 Cannes Film Festival.
Works
References
External links
Author's blog (in French)
Living people
1984 births
French comics artists
Artists from Paris
French graphic novelists
The 2022 Balochistan local government elections were held in 32 districts of Balochistan, Pakistan on 29 May 2022. Independent candidates won the most the seats, while 1584 candidates were elected unopposed. According to the results, 98 candidates of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (F), 71 of Balochistan Awami Party, 39 of Pashtunkhwa Milli Awami Party (PKMAP) and 37 of Balochistan National Party have won. Besides, National Party and PPP have won 26 seats, Tehreek-e-Insaf 7 seats and Pak Sarzamin Party (PSP) 5 seats.
See also
Local government in Pakistan
References
2022 in Pakistan
2022 in Balochistan, Pakistan
May 2022 events in Pakistan
Local elections in Pakistan
Politics of Balochistan, Pakistan
2022 elections in Pakistan
Çatak is a village in the Altınyayla district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Altınyayla District
The 6167th Air Base Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last duty assignment was at K-16 (Seoul Airport), South Korea during the Korean War.
History
Formed from the 6167th Air Base Unit in October 1950 to operate flare aircraft, psychological operations, and behind-the-lines agent insertions and resupply drops during the war. Its designation served as a cover for its actual special operations activities
Its 6167th Operations Squadron was augmented by aircrews from the Clark AB, Philippines-based 581st Air Resupply and Communications Wing (581st ARCW), a cover designation for a special operations unit. Aircraft operated were the B-26 Invader, C-46 Commando, and C-47s.
Two SA-16 Albatrosses were sent to K-16 (Seoul Airport) in South Korea by the 581st ARCW to augment B Flight of the 6167th Air Base Group. In addition, four Sikorsky H-19A helicopters were also forward deployed to K-16 in support of the 2157th Air Rescue Squadron (in fact, they were colocated with the 2157th but actually supported B Flight, as did the two SA-16s).
Combined Command Reconnaissance Activities, Korea (CCRAK) maintained Operational Control of these forces and employed them into North Korea along with B Flight and Special Air Missions detachment aircraft.
The 6167th Operations Squadron operated C-47s and B-26s, equipped for both leaflet drops and psychological warfare voice missions. In 1952–1953, almost all flying operations were nighttime missions and included occasional drops of very young teenaged Korean nationals whose parents were well paid to allow their children to parachute into North Korea. Their assignments were to visually obtain strategic intelligence on production facilities, transportation, troop placement, and other specifics. They were to walk back to the battle lines and, using passwords, pass through to deliver the intelligence gathered to the proper US military authorities.
The 6167th Air Base Group was redesignated the 6167th Air Base Squadron and activated at Kimpo Air Base (K-14) near Seoul ROK. The unit was discontinued when Kimpo Air Base closed in the 1970s. The old air base is now part of Kimpo (sometimes translated as Gimpo) International Airport, Gangseo District, Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Air Force Special Operations Command
References
Thigpen, Jerry L. (2001). The Praetorian STARShip: The untold story of the Combat Talon. Air University Press, Maxwell AFB, Alabama. ASIN: B000116LSI
Four digit groups of the United States Air Force
United States Air Force units and formations in the Korean War
Special operations units of the United States Air Force
James Ricardo Forbes (July 18, 1952 – January 21, 2022) was an American basketball player. His college career at the University of Texas at El Paso was crowned by his membership of the U.S. national team in the 1972 Olympics and was part of the controversial 1972 Olympic Men's Basketball Final. Forbes and the rest of the team have never accepted the silver medal.
Life and career
Forbes was born in Fort Rucker, Alabama, on July 18, 1952. He attended Bel Air High School in El Paso, Texas. He was drafted by the Chicago Bulls in the fourth round of the 1974 NBA draft, but he never played professionally. Forbes was later an assistant coach for the UTEP Miners before going to coach high school basketball in El Paso. As a high school coach, he guided the Riverside Rangers to the Texas 5A Final Four in 1995 and the Andress Eagles to the Texas 5A Sweet Sixteen in 2009. Forbes has more than 700 career high school coaching victories.
Forbes died from complications of COVID-19 in El Paso on January 21, 2022, at the age of 69.
References
External links
1952 births
2022 deaths
American men's basketball players
African-American basketball players
Basketball players at the 1971 Pan American Games
Basketball players at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Arkansas
Basketball players from El Paso, Texas
Chicago Bulls draft picks
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Texas
High school basketball coaches in Texas
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in basketball
Pan American Games competitors for the United States
People from Dale County, Alabama
Power forwards (basketball)
UTEP Miners men's basketball coaches
UTEP Miners men's basketball players
Doña Montserrat Lopez Memorial High School, also referred to by the acronym DMLMHS, is a public national high school in Silay City, Negros Occidental, Philippines. It is one of the leading secondary schools in the Philippines, and one of the biggest in terms of student population The school has one extension, Doña Montserrat Lopez Memorial High School - Capitan Ramon, which it is the rural version of the school.
History
The school was initially one of the political plans of Jose Maravilla, a former politician in Silay City. The plan was raised to his platforms inasmuch as the city didn't have any public high school. Unfortunately, Maravilla lost, but the plan was recognized and approved by the city council under the incumbency of then-Mayor Natalio G. Velez. The school was established on July 8, 1968 with its first principal Mr. Marcelo Jalando-on. At that time, the school was located at the backyard of the Silay South Elementary School. It was envisioned to accommodate poor but deserving elementary school graduates, and consequently offered free tuition. In 1972, Mrs. Amparo Ledesma became the principal of the school, after Jalando-on transferred to La Carlota City College as its new prexy. On July 1, 1975, the school earned its national status and was renamed as Silay City National High School. In 1979, Don Claudio Lopez donated almost 7 hectares of land along the national highway of Brgy. Rizal; the present location of the school. The school later changed its name to Doña Montserrat Lopez Memorial High School, in honor of the donor's wife.
Present
Fire Incident
On November 11, 2018, a fire razed the school destroying eight classrooms. The said fire erupted at 5 p.m. and lasted 25 minutes, which the fire immediately spread to nearby classrooms. According to the Bureau of Fire Protection (BFP), the fire induced by defective electrical wiring, left approximated destruction of P500,000. No casualties were reported.
Curriculum
Junior high school
Special Program in the Arts
Strengthening Technical Vocational Educational Program
Information and Communication Technology
Science Technology Engineering and Mathematics
Senior High School
Technical Vocational Livelihood
Shielded Metal Arc Welding (SMAW)
Electrical Installation and Maintenance (EIM)
Electric Power Assisted Steering (EPAS)
Dressmaking
Cookery
Food and Beverages Services (FBS)
Bread and Pastry
Computer System Servicing (CSS)
Arts and Design
Science Technology Engineering and Mathematics
Gallery
See also
Silay Institute
St. Theresita's Academy
Silay South Elementary School
La Purisima Concepcion Elementary School
References
External links
DMLMHS on Google+
Schools in Silay
High schools in Negros Occidental
Public schools in the Philippines
Christopher Geoffrey Ward (26 March 1968) is a British chess Grandmaster (GM), chess coach, and author. He grew up in North West Kent, on the edge of Vigo Village and played his early chess at the village school chess club.
Ward went on to win the British Championship in 1996, earning the GM title in the process. He is the author of two well-received books on a variation of the Sicilian Defence known as the Dragon Variation, in addition to a number of other books on chess. He is also the author of the book Starting Out: Rook Endings, published by Everyman Chess (see Chess endgame literature). He also authored It's your move series, the most challenging being the third book called It's your move: Tough Puzzles, which was published by Everyman Chess. Chris Ward teaches chess to many different schools, and plays Simultaneous games against club players, such as recent games against Hammersmith Chess Club and Petts Wood and Orpington Chess Club
Outside chess, Chris Ward is also a keen Salsa dancer.
Bibliography
The Genius of Paul Morphy, (1997)
Improve your Opening Play, (2000)
Winning With the Sicilian Dragon 2 (2001)
Starting Out: The Nimzo-Indian (2002)
It's Your Move: Improvers, (2002)
Unusual Queen's Gambit Declined (2002)
Winning with the Dragon, (2003)
It's Your Move: Tough Puzzles, (2004)
Play the Queen's Gambit (2006)
Starting Out: Chess Tactics and Checkmates (2006)
References
External links
Chess grandmasters
English chess players
1968 births
Living people
British chess writers
English non-fiction writers
Chess coaches
English male non-fiction writers
The Catholic Church in Japan is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the pope in Rome. As of 2021, there were approximately 431,100 Catholics in Japan (0.34% of the total population), 6,200 of whom are clerics, religious and seminarians. Japan has 16 dioceses, including three metropolitan archdioceses, with 34 bishops, 1,235 priests, and 40 deacons spread out across 957 churches (parishes, quasi-parishes, mission stations, and assembly centres).
The bishops of the dioceses form the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Japan, the episcopal conference of the nation. The main liturgical rites employed in Japan are those of the Latin Church.
The current apostolic nuncio, who serves as the Holy See's diplomatic ambassador and delegate to the local church in Japan, is Archbishop Leo Boccardi.
Christianity was introduced to Japan by the Jesuits, such as the Spaniard St. Francis Xavier and the Italian Alessandro Valignano. Portuguese Catholics founded the port of Nagasaki, considered at its founding to be an important Christian center in the Far East, though this distinction is now obsolete. There is a modern Japanese translation of the whole Bible by Federico Barbaro, an Italian missionary. Nowadays, many Japanese Catholics are ethnic Japanese from Brazil and Peru and naturalized Japanese Filipinos.
The Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross, a personal ordinariate within the Catholic Church originally created as a means for Anglicans to enter communion with Rome while maintaining their patrimony, has also begun to form in Japan. As of 2015, it has two congregations.
History
Organisation
Governance
The Catholic Bishops' Conference of Japan is the Japanese episcopal conference, which serves as the main decision-making body of the Church in Japan. The current President of the CBCJ is Isao Kikuchi.
The Catholic Church in Japan is divided into three ecclesiastical provinces with a total of 16 dioceses, three of which are metropolitan archdioceses. Japan has no military ordinariate compared with its neighbour South Korea. However, it does share a personal ordinariate with two other countries, Australia and the Philippines.
Ecclesiastical territories
The Catholic Church in Japan is organised into 16 dioceses, 3 of which are classified as metropolitan dioceses that head each of the 3 ecclesiastical provinces in the country.
Dioceses by region
Ecclesiastical Province of Nagasaki
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Nagasaki
Diocese of Fukuoka
Diocese of Kagoshima
Diocese of Naha
Diocese of Oita
Ecclesiastical Province of Osaka
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Osaka
Diocese of Hiroshima
Diocese of Kyoto
Diocese of Nagoya
Diocese of Takamatsu
Ecclesiastical Province of Tokyo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Tokyo
Diocese of Niigata
Diocese of Saitama
Diocese of Sapporo
Diocese of Sendai
Diocese of Yokohama
Personal Ordinariate
Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross
Catholic education in Japan
The Catholic Church is involved in religious education in Japan, providing learning opportunities to both Catholic and non-Catholic students. According to the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Japan, Japan has a total of 828 Catholic educational institutions. The Church operates different types of schools, which can be seen below:
The Jesuit Sophia University in Chiyoda, Tokyo is listed in the Times Higher Education and QS Global University rankings, and is considered one of the top private universities in Japan. It is one of 37 universities selected by the Japanese Government to participate in the Top Global University Project and receive financial assistance to boost globalisation in Japan and foster research.
Other Catholic universities in Japan include Nanzan University (Nagoya, Aichi) and the Elisabeth University of Music (Hiroshima, Hiroshima).
Martyrs and canonised saints
Founded in 1986, the Committee for Promoting Canonisation, which is directly affiliated with the Standing Committee of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Japan, is responsible for promoting Japan's canonisation efforts and recognition of its martyrs. Its main objectives are to support local dioceses in promoting cases for canonisation, support canonisation promoted by the Conference, and promotion devotions to Japanese Catholic martyrs.
All Catholic martyrs in Japan, both native Japanese and foreign missionaries, were persecuted and killed during the Sakoku period of Japanese isolationism. Some of the groups of martyrs and individual martyrs were later canonised and venerated as saints in the Church's liturgical calendar.
Canonised saints
Twenty-Six Martyrs of Japan (also called St Paul Miki and Companions)
Paul Miki (one of the Twenty-Six Martyrs)
Sixteen Martyrs of Japan
Martyrs
Papal visits
Pope John Paul II (1981) became the first pontiff to visit Japan. He had gone to the atomic bomb memorial sites in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Pope Francis (November 2019) visited Japan for the first in decades. He visited former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Emperor Naruhito at the Tokyo Imperial Palace, Sophia University, and the Nagasaki Atomic Bomb Hypocenter Park.
See also
Christianity in Japan
List of Saints from Asia
Kirishitan
History of the Catholic Church in Japan
Tarō Asō
Martyrdom of the 26 Saints of Japan
Lorenzo Ruiz
Silence, the acclaimed historical novel by Shūsaku Endō drawn from the oral histories of the "Hidden Christian" communities (Kakure Kirishitan and Hanare Kirishitan) that survived the 17th century state suppression of the Catholic Church in Japan.
Domingos Chohachi Nakamura, the 1st Japanese missionary to work abroad, he emigrated to Brazil in 1923 to work on behalf of the Japanese living there. His process of beatification started in 2002.
Our Lady of Akita
References
External links
GCatholic.org on the Catholic Church in Japan
Catholic Bishops' Conference of Japan
Catholic churches in Japan
Japan
Japan
Catholicism in Japan
Lorinda "Linda" de Roulet (née Payson; born 1931) is an American philanthropist. She is the former president of the New York Mets of Major League Baseball. She served in the role from 1975 through 1980. She succeeded her mother, Joan Whitney Payson, in the role upon her death, and served as president until her family sold the team to Doubleday & Company.
Early life
Lorinda de Roulet is the daughter of Joan Payson, the first owner of the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB), and Charles Shipman Payson. Though christened "Lorinda", she prefers to be referred to as "Linda".
She graduated from Green Vale School in Glen Head, New York, and Ethel Walker School in Simsbury, Connecticut. She attended Wellesley College for three years.
Career
Joan Payson died in 1975. Charles Payson inherited his widow's stake in the team, but took little interest in baseball. As a result, de Roulet became the main representative for the Payson interests. She was elected team president of the Mets and named to its board of directors. She became the first woman to direct the day-to-day operations of a Major League baseball franchise. She succeeded M. Donald Grant as chair of the board when he was forced out in 1978.
Charles Payson sold the franchise to Doubleday & Company in 1980. At the time of the sale, de Roulet was succeeded as president by Fred Wilpon. De Roulet remains a fan of the team, attending games after the sale.
Personal life
In 1951, she married Vincent de Roulet. Her husband owned a printing business, and died in 1974. The couple had three children:
Whitney de Roulet, who married Clark Lewis Bullock.
Bebe de Roulet
Daniel de Roulet, who worked in the Mets' front office during de Roulet's presidency.
De Roulet lives in Manhasset, New York.
Philanthropy
De Roulet founded the Patrina Foundation, which supports education and social services for women. She serves on the board of governors of New York Hospital and North Shore University Hospital, on which she is vice chairman of the board of trustees. She has sold artwork collected by her mother, including paintings by Pablo Picasso, donating the proceeds to charity.
See also
Women in baseball
References
External links
The Patrina Foundation
1930s births
Living people
Major League Baseball team presidents
New York Mets executives
People from Manhasset, New York
Whitney family
Year of birth uncertain
Women baseball executives
North East District was a district command of the British Army from 1967 and 1992.
History
The district was formed from 50th (Northumbrian) Infantry Division as part of the Territorial Army Volunteer Reserve in 1967. It had its headquarters at Imphal Barracks, and was placed under the command of HQ UK Land Forces in 1972. The district merged with Eastern District to form an enlarged Eastern District at Imphal Barracks in 1992.
Commanders
General officers commanding included:
1967–1968 Major-General Rex Whitworth
1968–1970 Major-General John Ward-Harrison
1970–1973 Major-General Geoffrey Armitage
1973 Major-General John Ward-Harrison
1973–1976 Major-General Geoffrey Collin
1976–1980 Major-General Henry Woods
1980–1982 Major-General Ian Baker
1982–1984 Major-General Patrick Palmer
1984–1986 Major-General Peter Inge
1986–1987 Major-General Charles Guthrie
1987–1989 Major-General Murray Naylor
1989–1991 Major-General Michael Rose
1991–1992 Major-General Michael Walker
References
Districts of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1967
Military units and formations disestablished in 1992
Events in the year 1213 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Inge II of Norway
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
Christina of Norway, Queen consort, daughter of Sverre Sigurdsson, spouse of Philip Simonsson.
References
Norway
Huehuetla Tepehua is a moribund Tepehua language spoken in Huehuetla, northeastern Hidalgo, Mexico. There are fewer than 1,500 speakers left according to Susan Smythe Kung (2007).
Syntax
Word order tends to be VSO, although it can be SVO at times (Kung 2007).
Phonology
Consonants
The voiced stops /b/, /d/, and /g/, as well as the flap /ɾ/ and the trill /r/, appear only in loanwords and ideophones. In younger speakers, the uvular /q/ has merged with the glottal stop /ʔ/.
Vowels
Morphology
Huehuetla Tepehua has a large variety of affixes (Kung 2007).
Valency-changing affixes
Reflexive -kan
Reciprocal laa-
Dative -ni
Causative maa-
Instrumental puu-
Comitative t'aa-
Applicative
Aspectual derivational affixes
Inchoative ta-
Imminent ti-
Roundtrip kii-
Ambulative
Begin
Desiderative
Repetitive
Again
All
Distal -chaa and Proximal
Derivative affixes
Agent nominalizer –nV7
Non-agentive nominalizers –ti and -nti
Deverbalizer -n
Instrumental prefixes paa- and lhaa-
Locative prefix puu-
Applicative prefix
Comitative prefix t'aa-
References
Kung, Susan Smythe. 2007 A Descriptive Grammar of Huehuetla Tepehua. Ph.D. dissertation: The University of Texas at Austin.
Indigenous languages of Mexico
Mesoamerican languages
Totonacan languages
Marcy Dam was a wooden dam on the Marcy Brook in the Adirondack High Peaks in North Elba, New York, United States; it impounded Marcy Dam Pond. An early version of the dam was constructed by the Conservation Corps during the 1930s. It was rebuilt most recently during the early 1970s.
Marcy Dam can be reached only by hiking; it lies from the Adirondack Loj at an elevation of surrounded by Whales Tail Mountain, Wright Peak, Algonquin Peak, Avalanche Mountain, Mount Colden, TR Mountain, and Phelps Mountain.
The area around where the dam stood is a popular camping spot for hikers in the high peaks. The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation maintains an Interior Outpost on the western shore. There are a number of campsites and lean-tos in the area, and trails lead from the dam to most of the high peaks; Mount Marcy is to the southeast.
During Hurricane Irene, the dam was damaged due to flooding and the pond was partially drained. The trail that went over the dam has been rerouted downstream.
In January 2014, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation announced that Marcy Dam would be removed. NYSDEC explained that the "dam no longer holds back water during low flow periods and has an inadequate spillway." The department added that contemporary standards for this structure would make reconstruction expensive. Finally, NYSDEC noted that "the principles of wilderness management include allowing rivers and streams to flow unfettered and to minimize human-made structures."
References
Dams in New York (state)
Adirondacks
Buildings and structures in Essex County, New York
Buildings and structures completed in the 1930s
Dams completed in the 1930s
1930s establishments in New York (state)
Wooden buildings and structures in the United States
The George Ferris Mansion in Rawlins, Wyoming is one of the most significant Queen Anne style buildings in Wyoming. Built during 1899–1903, the house's design was published by the Knoxville, Tennessee architectural firm of Barber and Klutz in an architectural pattern book. The house was built for George and Julia Ferris.
George Ferris (d.1900) was born in Michigan. He moved to Wyoming and pursued a variety of vocations, including prospecting, ranching and game hunting, as well as election to the Wyoming Territorial Assembly and the Wyoming Constitutional Convention. Ferris' wealth came from the Rudefeha Mine (later the Ferris-Haggarty Mine) in the Grand Encampment copper mining district. Work on the house began in 1899, but George Ferris was killed in 1900 when he was thrown from a runaway carriage near his mine. The house was completed in 1903, and Julia Ferris lived there until her death at 76 in 1931.
The house is a -story brick house with a prominent corner turret, with six rooms on the main floor. The masonry is trimmed with local sandstone. The roof is irregular, and exterior details are accented with a variety of materials, as is appropriate in a Queen Anne building. The prominent carriage house was built at the same time as the house. Once subdivided into apartments, the house was restored as a single-family residence.
The George Ferris Mansion was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 1, 1982. It is now a bed-and-breakfast.
References
External links
George Ferris Mansion at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Bed and breakfasts in the United States
Houses in Carbon County, Wyoming
Houses completed in 1903
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Queen Anne architecture in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Carbon County, Wyoming
1903 establishments in Wyoming
Rawlins, Wyoming
The Montefiore Hospital is a private hospital in Hove, part of the English coastal city of Brighton and Hove. It opened in November 2012 and is operated by Spire Healthcare, the second largest provider of private healthcare in the United Kingdom. The hospital is located in a large and "distinctive Edwardian commercial building" designed by prolific local architects Clayton & Black between 1899 and 1904. Originally built for local department store Hanningtons as a furniture depository, the "magnificent red-brick building" was converted into offices for the Legal & General insurance company in 1972. Six years after that firm moved to a new site in Hove, Spire Healthcare bought the empty building and spent £25 million converting it into a hospital.
History of the building
Hanningtons, Brighton's oldest and most famous department store, was opened in a single shop unit in the town's North Street in 1808. By the end of the 19th century it had expanded substantially and had floated on the stock market. More buildings were acquired throughout the town as the business grew, and by the 1860s Charles Smith Hannington (who had inherited the business from his father) had established a furniture storage and removals division for the benefit of people moving to the many villas and large houses built in Brighton and neighbouring Hove in that era.
As this sideline expanded to cover removals from all parts of Britain, larger premises were needed. In 1898, Hanningtons found a suitable site in Hove, then a smaller town adjoining Brighton to the west, and commissioned architects Clayton & Black to draw up a plan for a furniture depository. Clayton & Black (Charles E. Clayton, Ernest Black and their sons and various partners) were a prolific local firm who at the time were also based in North Street, Brighton. Their commissions there included extensions to the Brighton Friends Meeting House and the Theatre Royal, but much of their early work was in Hove, where they designed residential buildings including Gwydyr Mansions and most of the Vallance Estate. The "imposing site" chosen by Hanningtons was at the junction of Davigdor and Montefiore Roads, near the Brighton boundary. On 16 March 1899, Hove Council gave their approval to the proposal; but work was delayed for more than two years until the land could be bought from the estate of the Goldsmid family. This transaction was completed on 11 November 1901 at a cost of £3,750 (£ as of )). Work on the depository continued until 1904. Clayton & Black were again commissioned to extend the premises in 1915 and 1925; the latter work consisted of a workshop and stables, which were added to the northeast (Montefiore Road) side.
Hanningtons occupied the building until 1972, when it was sold to the Legal & General Assurance Society. Architects Devereux and Partners undertook an "elegant" conversion of the premises on behalf of the insurance firm, including reglazing the windows while restoring their arched surrounds to their original condition. In its new form, it was the earliest in a succession of large office buildings on the north side of Davigdor Road. Legal & General occupied the building until 2005, when the new City Park office development next to Hove Park was completed and the company moved its offices there. The Davigdor Road building was bought by the Scottish Widows Investment Partnership, an asset management company, and stood empty for six years.
In early 2011, it was stated that Spire Healthcare—a major operator of private hospitals in Britain—had acquired the building and would spend £25 million converting it into a hospital. Construction was expected to take 15 months. Renovations, which involved preserving the exterior features while removing all the old interior fittings and installing facilities such as operating theatres and consultation rooms, were carried out by Nightingale Architects with oversight from the hospital's director. The work received a "Best Refurbishment" award in the Acumen Commercial Property Awards held in Brighton in April 2012, at which the achievement of a "very good" BREEAM energy efficiency rating was noted. As well as Nightingale, a local firm, other companies involved with the project were A.F. Pilbeam and Mansell Construction (building work) and EMC Management Consultants (project management).
When the project was announced, a summer 2012 opening date was anticipated, and Spire Healthcare later announced 29 October 2012 as the first day of operation, but The Montefiore Hospital eventually opened in November of that year.
The name of the hospital comes from the philanthropist Sir Moses Montefiore.
Hospital facilities
Private facilities established at The Montefiore Hospital since it opened include the Sussex IBS Clinic, for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome, and the Spring Orthopaedic Centre. Consultations and treatments are offered for many other conditions and specialisms, such as dermatology, gynaecology, rheumatology and cosmetic surgery. In September 2012, an MRI scanner was installed at a cost of £1 million. There are three operating theatres, 20 private en-suite bedrooms and facilities for outpatient treatment.
Hospital consultant specialities
Breast surgery
Cardiology
Colorectal surgery
Cosmetic surgery
Dermatology
Ear, nose and throat (ENT)
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
General surgery
Gynaecology
Haematology
Neurology
Oncology
Oral and maxillofacial surgery
Orthopaedic Surgery
Pain management
Podiatry
Rheumatology
Spinal surgery
Urology
Vascular surgery
Weight loss surgery
Architecture
Clayton & Black were a prolific and important local architecture firm in the late 19th and 20th centuries. Their work encompassed a great variety of architectural styles and a wide range of building types—although they specialised in commercial buildings. They provided for Hanningtons "a magnificent red-brick building embellished with white stone and fine arched windows". Situated on an "imposing" corner site, it was given further prominence with a "handsome" corner dome. The Davigdor Road (south) and Montefiore Road (east) elevations were and long respectively, and there was of storage space inside, spread over five floors. These were stepped upwards from south to north because of the slope of the land, and load-bearing walls divided the interior into six sections. This meant the building was not well suited to the open-plan layout preferred in modern offices: "little interest" was shown by prospective commercial buyers during the years it was on the market.
See also
Healthcare in Sussex
List of hospitals in England
References
Notes
Bibliography
2012 establishments in England
Hospital buildings completed in 1904
Clayton & Black buildings
Buildings and structures in Brighton and Hove
Hospitals in East Sussex
Hospitals established in 2012
Private hospitals in the United Kingdom
External links
NHS Choices
Foreign relations exist between Austria and Ukraine. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1992. The Treaty of Brest-Litovsk in 1918 became the first major international document with the Austrian nation.
Historically, a big portion of West Ukraine (Galicia, Carpathia and Northern Bukovina) were part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, today consisting of: Lviv Oblast, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ternopil Oblast, Chernivtsi Oblast and Zakarpattia Oblast. During the World War I Ukraine was occupied by the Central powers military force (including the Austrian military) that drove Bolsheviks out of the country.
Austria has an embassy in Kyiv and 3 honorary consulates (in Donetsk, Kharkiv and Lviv). Ukraine has an embassy in Vienna and 2 honorary consulates (in Klagenfurt and Salzburg).
In October 1998, the President of Ukraine Leonid Kuchma paid a state visit to Austria.
In May 2000, the President of Austria Thomas Klestil paid a state visit to Ukraine.
Embassies
The Embassy of Austria is located in Kyiv, Ukraine. The Embassy of Ukraine is located in Vienna, Austria.
See also
Foreign relations of Austria
Foreign relations of Ukraine
Ukraine–EU relations
Ukrainians in Austria
Austrians in Ukraine
Notes and references
External links
Austrian Foreign Ministry: list of bilateral treaties with Ukraine (in German only)
Austrian embassy in Kyiv (in German and Ukrainian only)
Ukrainian embassy in Vienna
Ukraine
Bilateral relations of Ukraine
Ronald Frederick "Ron" Turner (11 June 1929 – 12 October 2007) was a renowned British water polo player and Olympian.
He was born in Notting Hill, London, England and died in Acton, London, England.
Ron Turner played for Penguin Swimming Club, a water polo club based in West London, and represented Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics as a reserve, in London, the 1952 Summer Olympics, in Helsinki, Finland, and the 1956 Summer Olympics, in Melbourne, Australia. At the Melbourne Games, he was chosen as part of the 'best of the rest of the World' team that played against the Olympic Champions, Hungary.
Subsequently, Ron Turner was involved in the organisation of competitive British water polo. He remained an active swimmer and trained regularly in the Masters section of the West London Penguin Swimming and Water Polo Club, a descendant of The Penguins, until his death.
Ron Turner was killed in a road traffic accident in Acton, West London, while cycling. He was 80 years old. His funeral took place on 24 October 2007 at Mortlake Crematorium and was attended by more than 100 people.
References
External links
Ron Turner's British Olympic Association profile
1929 births
2007 deaths
English male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Great Britain
Water polo players at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1956 Summer Olympics
The Kipper Kids were a duo composed of Martin Rochus Sebastian von Haselberg (born 20 January 1949) and Brian Routh (born 9 March 1948) two artists known for the extreme and often comedic performance art they made together in the 1970s and after. Von Haselberg lives and works in New York, U.S.; and Routh was recently living in Leicester, England. From 1971, the duo were also known as Harry and Harry Kipper.
Biography
While attending East 15 Acting School, Martin von Haselberg and Brian Routh invented a character they called Harry Kipper. Upon being expelled from the school on the claim of "too experimental", they began working as a touring act. They were originally called Harry and Alf Kipper and had two distinctly different characters. Later, they dropped the name Alf and decided to call each other Harry and make their characters identical.
From 1971 to 1975, most of their performances took place in Europe. In 1974, David Ross, later director of the Whitney Museum of Art and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, saw them in performance at Gallerie Rudolf Zwirner in Cologne and invited them to do some shows in California. The Kipper Kids moved to Los Angeles in 1975 and became associated with the early years of punk.
In 1982, they stopped actively collaborating. Their final performance together was at the National Review of Live Art, Glasgow, in 2003. They reunited as The Kipper Kids in 2018 to perform the song "Mah Nà" for the album Dr. Demento: Covered in Punk.
Performance career
Quoting from an announcement for the Berkeley Art Museum: "Through actions that at times stress the visual, and the violent aspects of social rituals, the British Team of Harry and Harry Kipper perform in a fashion that combines the zany theatrics of Spike Milligan with a scatological slapstick that is all their own". Routh and von Haselberg created elaborate but purposely low-tech installations in which they would perform "ceremonies" using mostly found objects. Examples are "Tea Ceremony" (1972) a Japanese tea ceremony-inspired piece and "Boxing Ceremony" (1972) in which one performer beats himself until bloodied whilst the other acts as referee. Japanese rituals, English music hall, Viennese Actionism, and the work of Samuel Beckett were amongst their influences.
The Kipper Kids made two projects for television. For HBO they produced Mum's Magic Mulch, and for Cinemax, K.O. Kippers, while the Kids also appeared in a 1982 project for HBO executive-produced by von Haselberg, The Mondo Beyondo Show, a one time presentation for performance artists (including a pre-Stomp Yes/No People, La La La Human Steps, Bill Irwin, Paul Zaloom and others) hosted by Bette Midler's Mondo Beyondo character. Von Haselberg made a number of films at the American Film Institute with Routh in the lead role: Quiet Lives (1991), People Are No Damn Good (1991) and Your Turn To Roll It #54 (1992). They also were seen as characters in the 1982 film Forbidden Zone and the 1989 film UHF. Another television appearance came during the fifth season of ABC's Moonlighting. First aired on Valentine's Day, 1989, "I See England, I See France, I See Maddie's Netherworld" featured The Kipper Kids as a pair of gravediggers in a surreal dream sequence. The Kipper Kids also performed a song in the 1991 comedy film The Addams Family: "Playmates" which can be heard in the film and on its soundtrack.
Later, Martin von Haselberg created a series of large photographic images made into inflatable sculptural shapes titled Floatulents,.
Filmography
Personal lives
Von Haselberg has been married to Bette Midler since 1984. They have one daughter together, actress Sophie von Haselberg.
Routh was married three times: to net.art pioneer Nina Sobell from 1975 to 1981, to performance artist Karen Finley from 1981 to 1987, and to digital artist Patricia Wells.
References
Art duos
British male film actors
British male television actors
British performance artists
Performance artist collectives
Kipper, Harry
British contemporary artists
Edward Nelson (1932–2014) was an American mathematician.
Edward Nelson or Ed Nelson may also refer to:
Edward William Nelson (1855–1934), American naturalist and ethnologist
Edward Nelson (Alamo defender) (born 1816)
Edward Nelson (marine biologist) (1883–1923), member of the Terra Nova Expedition
Edward Nelson, 5th Earl Nelson (1860–1951)
Edward Nelson Jr. (1931–2018), United States Coast Guard admiral
Edward Theophilus Nelson (1874–1940), British barrister
Ed Nelson (1928–2014), American actor
Ed Nelson (baseball) (fl. 1940s), American baseball player
Ed Nelson (basketball) (Edward Richard Nelson, born 1982), American basketball player
See also
Edwin Nelson (disambiguation)
Ned Nelson (1911–1977), American college baseball and basketball player
Ted Nelson (disambiguation)
Ed Neilson, American politician
Khurshni () is a rural locality (a selo) in Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 329 as of 2010. There are 8 streets.
Geography
Khurshni is located 24 km west of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mirzita and Kharbuk are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
The men's 89 kg (195.8 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third heaviest of the male Light-Contact tournaments falling between the cruiserweight and heavyweight division when compared to Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes. There were seventeen men from two continents (Europe and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
Due to there being too few contestants for a thirty-two-man tournament, fifteen of the fighters got a bye through to the second round. The tournament winner the Russian Ildar Gabbasov who defeated the Britain's Gavin Williamson by unanimous decision in the final to claim the gold medal. Semi finalists Yohann Lemair from France and Juso Prosic from Austria were rewarded with bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
The Rosalia longicorn (Rosalia alpina) or Alpine longhorn beetle, is a large longicorn (family Cerambycidae) that is distinguished by its distinctive markings.
Description
The Rosalia longicorn is long. The antennae can be up to twice as long as the rest of the body in males, and the same length in females. The elytra are flat, blue-gray, with variable black spots, including a prominent one on the thorax, a silky one in front, and a small one in back. Both the antennae and the legs have the same coloration as the body. The coloration serves as good camouflage with their preferred habitat, the European Beech.
They are distributed from Cantabrian Mountains east to the Caucasus. Its numbers across Europe have greatly depleted in recent years, and it is a protected species in Germany, Hungary, Poland and Slovenia.
The adults are active from June to September. By day the beetles sit near flowers and feed on the pollen. They make a chirping sound by scraping their rear legs and elytra together. After mating, the female lays the eggs within a crack in the bark of beech trees. The larvae eat the bark and pupate there as well when it has reached about three years of age. The mature adult emerges from the pupa and then have a further lifespan of three to six weeks.
Rosalia longicorn is the logo of Danube-Ipoly National Park in Hungary.
References
External links
ARKive page, with a number of photos
Compsocerini
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Ibsen Adalberto Castro Avelar (born 24 October 1988) is a Salvadorian professional footballer, who plays as a defender.
Castro was born in Quezaltepeque, La Libertad, and played youth football with Atlético Marte before joining the first team in 2010.
Club career
Atlético Marte
Castro began his youth career at the San Salvador club, Atlético Marte. He made his first team debut 2010 and amassed 72 appearances and scored 6 goals for Los Marcianos during a two-year spell.
Águila
In June 2014, Castro signed with Águila. He made his debut for Águila in a 3–0 victory against Alianza. He scored his first goal for Águila in a 1–2 defeat against Santa Tecla in the Estadio Las Delicias, in August 2014.
With Águila, Castro disputed the finals of the Apertura 2014 and the Clausura 2016, but they were defeated by Isidro Metapán (on penalties) and Dragón (0–1) respectively.
Sonsonate
Castro signed with Sonsonate for the Apertura 2017. He scored his first goal for Sonsonate in a 1–1 draw against Águila in the Estadio Cuscatlán, in July 2017.
FAS
In 2018, he signed with FAS for the Apertura 2018. He scored a crucial goal in a 1–0 victory against Sonsonate in the Estadio Óscar Quiteño in October 2018.
With FAS, he reached the semifinals of the Apertura 2018.
He won the Salvadorian tournament with CD FAS in 2021 against alianza.
International
Castro was first called up to the El Salvador national team in 2014. He was called up for the 2014 Copa Centroamericana and started the first group stage game, a 2–1 loss against Guatemala, in an eventual fourth-place finish for El Salvador.
Castro has won seven caps with the El Salvador national football team at the moment.
Honours
Club
FAS
Salvadoran Primera División: Clausura 2021
International
El Salvador
Copa Centroamericana: 2014 4th place
References
1988 births
Living people
2014 Copa Centroamericana players
2017 Copa Centroamericana players
C.D. Atlético Marte footballers
C.D. Águila footballers
Salvadoran footballers
El Salvador international footballers
Association football defenders
Sleeping Beauty Mountain Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada. It is located in the watershed of the Zymagotitz River.
External links
Skeena Country
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 2004
2004 establishments in British Columbia
Surabaya Zoo (; sometimes abbreviated as KBS and ), is a zoo located in the city of Surabaya in East Java, Indonesia.
History
Surabaya Zoo was established by decree of the Governor General of the Netherlands East Indies on 31 August 1916 as Soerabaiasche Planten-en Dierentuin on the merit of the journalist H. F. K. Kommer who had the hobby of collecting animals.
In 1916, the first Surabaya Zoo was established in Kaliondo. On 28 September 1917, the zoo was moved to Groedo road. In April 1918, Surabaya Zoo sold tickets to enter the zoo.
In 1920, the zoo was transferred to another new location in Darmo area, on a plot of land measuring 30,500 m2 belonged to the Oost-Java Stoomtram Maatschappij (steam tramway company of East Java). On 21 July 1922, the zoo experienced its first financial crisis and there was a plan to disestablish the zoo, but the decision was not agreed by the Surabaya municipality at that time. On 11 May 1923, it was decided to establish a new association for the zoo. W. A. Hompes was chosen to replace J.P. Mooyman, one of the early founder of the zoo. In 1927, the zoo was financially aided by the mayor of Surabaya, Dijkerman. With the help of People's Representative Council of Surabaya, on 3 July 1927 a new plot of land was bought for Surabaya Zoo, measuring 32,000 m2, from a plot of land owned by steam tramway company of East Java.
From 1939 until now, the size of the zoo has expanded to 15 hectares.
In August–November 1987 the breeding facility in Surabaya Zoo was renovated. This facility comprised 29 aviaries with 16 endangered Bali starlings, found only in the western part of Bali island. In November 1987, the captive population was increased with the addition of 37 birds donated by zoos and private collections in the USA and by Jersey Wildlife Preservation Trust. The success of the breeding program of the Bali starling at this zoo allowed the release of 40 starlings into the wild at West Bali National Park in June 2011.
Animals
Sumatran elephant
Giraffe
White rhinoceros
Hippopotamus
Dromedary
Common ostrich
Plains zebra
Proboscis monkey
Sun bear
Saltwater crocodile
Komodo dragon
Muntjac
Lowland anoa
Blacktip shark
Common goldfish
Pygmy hippopotamus
Asian arowana
Rhinoceros hornbill
Babirusa
Bengal tiger
Javan leopard
Lion
Green iguana
Clownfish
Bawean deer
Horse
Mandrill
Malayan tapir
Agile wallaby
Royal blue tang
Sumatran tiger
Southern cassowary
Japanese macaque
Red-eared slider
Bornean orangutan
Xingu River ray
Red-bellied piranha
Siamang
Nubian ibex
Common warthog
Bali myna
Blue wildebeest
Grizzly bear
Giant gourami
Alligator gar
American black bear
American bison
Green peafowl
Lionfish
Pacu
Banteng
Indian peafowl
Tufted capuchin
Javan porcupine
Controversy
The Surabaya Zoo has received complaints about its treatment of animals from activist groups such as the Jakarta Animal Aid Network (JAAN), as well as from the interim administrator of the zoo.
The situation reached a point in 2010 where The Jakarta Post called the facility the 'Surabaya Zoo of Death'.
In August, 2010, the Forestry Ministry revoked Surabaya Zoo's license following several animal deaths, including a rare Sumatran tiger, African lion, wallaby, Komodo dragon, babirusa, Bawean deer, and crocodile.
Interim management asked the local police and the East Java Natural Resources Conservation Agency (BKSDA) to conduct an investigation, which found that negligent keepers were to blame for most of the animal deaths.
The Temporary Management Team transferred 378 animals from the zoo to 6 conservation organizations. However, several of the animals were in bad condition, and eventually died. An autopsy performed on the animals found plastic and wood inside the animals. The death of Melani the tiger, one of only a few hundred Sumatran tigers left in the world, outraged animal activists when it was discovered that the tiger was suffering from extreme digestive disorders before being rescued from the zoo.
On 28 January 2014 Surabaya Zoo authority announced that the zoo has a collection of 3,459 animals from 197 species, but 81 animals are sick, disabled, and old, and 44 of which are in severe conditions.
An online petition that calls for the closure of Surabaya Zoo due to continued mistreatment of animals reached 885,000 signatures before closing in late 2016.
Since 2017, the government has made some improvements to the zoo and made renovations to the enclosures to be more animal friendly.
Komodo dragon exhibit
As of March 2018, Surabaya Zoo had 76 Komodo dragons of which 13 were less than a year old, with more expected after the laying of a dozen eggs a few months earlier. To deal with the likely overpopulation, the Surabaya authority has planned to build a dragon park in Kenjeran coastal area, this being less expensive than attempting to release the dragons into the wild .
References
External links
About Kebun Binatang Surabaya
Tentang Kebun Binatang Surabaya
Prahara Kebun Binatang Surabaya
Facebook Page : Shutdown Surabaya Zoo[The Zoo of Death]
The Telegraph[UK] gallery : Surabaya Zoo: animals kept in scandalous conditions at Indonesia's largest zoo
Buildings and structures in Surabaya
Companies based in Surabaya
Zoos in Indonesia
Zoos established in 1918
Tourist attractions in East Java
Thomas Fortin (December 15, 1853 – March 31, 1933) was a lawyer, judge, educator and political figure in Quebec, Canada. He represented Laval in the House of Commons of Canada from 1896 to 1901 as a Liberal.
He was born in St-François-de-la-Beauce, Beauce County, Canada East, the son of Joseph Fortin and Marie-Louis Vachon. He studied law at the Université Laval and was admitted to the Quebec bar in 1882. Fortin was professor of civil and municipal law at McGill University. Fortin settled at Sainte-Rose in Laval County in 1885. He resigned his seat in the House of Commons in 1901 after he was named to the Quebec Superior Court for Montreal district.
Fortin retired from the bench in December 1919. He died at Sainte-Rose-de-Laval at the age of 79.
He was the father of Marc-Aurèle Fortin
References
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Judges in Quebec
1853 births
1933 deaths
People from Chaudière-Appalaches
Université Laval alumni
McGill University faculty
How to Sleep is a short comedy film written by and starring humorist Robert Benchley. Filmed and released by MGM in 1935 (as part of their "Miniatures" series), it features Benchley as a narrator as well as film subject, discussing four parts of sleep - causes, methods, avoiding sleep, and waking up.
The production was inspired by a Mellon Institute study on sleep commissioned by the Simmons Mattress Company. It was filmed in two days, and featured Benchley as both the narrator and sleeper, the latter a role Benchley claimed was "not much of a strain, as [he] was in bed most of the time." The film was well received in preview screenings, and promotions took over, with a still from the film being used in Simmons advertisements. The only group not pleased was the Mellon Institute, who did not approve of the studio mocking their study.
The early success of How to Sleep prompted MGM to rush two more short films featuring Benchley, How to Train a Dog, a spoof of dog-training techniques, and How to Behave, which lampooned etiquette norms. How to Sleep was named Best Short Subject at the 8th Academy Awards in 1935, while the latter two shorts were not as well received.
The film is included as an extra on the DVD of the 1935 Marx Brothers feature film, A Night at the Opera, and is also available on the DVD set The Robert Benchley Miniatures Collection.
See also
List of American films of 1935
References
Notes
Billy Altman, Laughter's Gentle Soul: The Life of Robert Benchley. (New York City: W. W. Norton, 1997. ).
Nathaniel Benchley, Robert Benchley, a biography. (New York City, McGraw-Hill, 1955).
External links
1935 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer short films
1935 comedy films
1930s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Live Action Short Film Academy Award winners
Films directed by Nick Grinde
1935 short films
American comedy short films
1930s American films
The Republic SD-3 Snooper was an early reconnaissance drone developed by Republic Aviation for the United States Army. It was evaluated by the Army Signal Corps in 1959, but did not enter operational service.
Design and development
The Guided Missiles Division of Republic Aviation was awarded a contract for development of a short-range reconnaissance drone in 1957, winning a competition conducted by the U.S. Army to fill the requirement. Given the overall designation AN/USD-3 for the entire system, and sometimes referred to as Sky Spy, the Snooper was of twin-boom configuration, a single Continental IO-200 horizontally-opposed piston engine being mounted in a pusher configuration. The drone was capable of flying for up to 30 minutes, allowing it to overfly multiple reconnaissance targets during a single flight.
Launch was from a zero-length launch setup, two rocket boosters burning solid fuel being used to assist the aircraft into flight; following a mission, which could either use autopilot control following a programmed course or radio command guidance from a ground station, the Snooper would land via parachute; airbags were installed in the airframe to cushion the landing. The SD-3's nose section was designed to be interchangeable among a number of payloads; options included television, aerial photography, infrared photography, or radar systems.
Operational history
Revealed to the press in late 1958, the SD-3 first flew in January 1959; following manufacturer's trials, the U.S. Army ordered fifty pre-production aircraft to conduct a full evaluation of the system. Although the trials, conducted by the Signal Corps, were considered successful, the Army cancelled the SD-3 program at the end of the trials. However, the SD-3's twin-boom pusher design would become commonly used by unmanned aerial vehicles in later years.
Specifications
See also
References
Citations
Bibliography
SD-3
1950s United States military reconnaissance aircraft
Mid-wing aircraft
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Twin-boom aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1959
Unmanned military aircraft of the United States
Khari Baoli is a street in Delhi, India known for its wholesale grocery and Asia's largest wholesale spice market selling a variety of spices, nuts, herbs and food products like rice and tea. Operating since the 17th century, the market is situated near the historic Delhi Red Fort, on the Khari Baoli Road adjacent to Fatehpuri Masjid at the western end of the Chandni Chowk, and over the years has remained a tourist attraction, especially those in the heritage circuit of Old Delhi.
History
Foundations of the Khari Baoli step-well were laid by Khwaja Abdullah Laazar Qureshi during the reign of Islam Shah (Salim Shah), the son of Sher Shah Suri. The work on this building was completed in the year 1551. Nothing remains of this baoli now, save copies of inscriptions that were preserved in works like Aasar Us Sanadeed (Sir Syed Ahmad Khan) and Miftah Al Tawarikh.
Persian text of the inscriptions ( see adjoining image):
1. Top inscription, which was situated close to the eleventh step of the well on the southern wall of the second floor -
بِسم الله الرحمن الرحیم در عهد زمان شاه سلطان السلاطین و المظفر
اسلام شاه بن شیر شاه سلطان خلد الله ملکه و سلطانه بنا کرده این چاه
بتوفیق الله و بروح رسول الله ملک عماد الملک عرف خواجه عبد الله
لاذر قریشی بدار الملک حضرت دهلی فی سنه اثنی و خمسین و تسعمأته
2. Bottom inscription, which was situated somewhere above the entrance -
بِسم الله الرحمن الرحیم و به یبقنی یا رب بعونت تمام شُد این باوری و
چاه در ماهِ رمضان سنه نهصد و پنجاه و هشت هجری بروح محمد
مصطفی رسول درگاه حضرة اله در زمان عادل اسلام شاه بن شیر شاه
بنا کرده کار گردِ دین از جمله بیشی خواجه عماد المُلک عرف لاذر قریشی
بنده کار گردِ باوری اُمید وار عنایت و برحمتک گردد با برسری بالیستک
The market came up around the Fatehpuri Masjid, which was built in 1650 by Fatehpuri Begum, one of Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan's wives. During Shah Jahan's reign it came to be known as Khari Baoli (from Baoli, meaning step well, and Khari or Khara, meaning salty) from a saline water stepwell used for animals and for bathing. It was constructed along with a fortified gateway on its western end popularly known as Lahori Gate, one of the 14 gates of the fortified city of Delhi or Shahjahanabad, named so because a road through it led to the city of Lahore, now in Pakistan. However, today there is no trace of either the well or the gateway here, which now lie buried under the main road of the market.
In 1936, Chowdhary Chhotu Ram, a minister in the Punjab Government, issued a law canceling all debts of the villagers. Thus numerous Agrawal traders lost their businesses and migrated to Delhi, settling in colonies like Kamla Nagar, Shakti Nagar and Model Basti, and taking their trade to locations around the walled city of Old Delhi, especially Chandni Chowk, Khari Baoli, Dariba Kalan, Nai Sarak, Naya Bazaar, Sadar Bazaar and Chawri Bazaar.
Here, many shops are still known by their serial numbers, e.g., "Chawal Wale 13" or "21 Number Ki Dookan," and are run by the ninth- or the tenth generation of the founders of these establishments dating to the 17th and 18th centuries. One such famous pickle shop which originally started in the 1860s is that of Harnarains, and currently operates under the name Harnarains International. They've been serving the nation for over a century and a half, and have landed on the tables of people like Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi.
Overview
"Gadodia Market", situated on the south side of Khari Baoli was built by wealthy merchants in the 1920s has one of the numerous spice stores and is Asia's largest wholesale spice market. Today, Khari Baoli is not only Asia's largest spice market but also an important and busy commercial district, as it caters to vast spice market of North India, including states of Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and even as far as Madhya Pradesh, making it perpetually crowded with traders, and shoppers looking for the cheapest deals and bargains, in the narrow margin spice, dry fruits and other perishable commodity markets.
The other end of the Khari Baoli market is on the GB Road (Red-light district and wholesale market for engineering goods) and Sadar Bazar (wholesale market for non-branded consumer goods).
There is a wholesale market for genuine herbs in Katara Tambaku where some importers and exporters do the wholesale business of herbs.
References
External links
Reviving the baolis of Delhi The Hindu
Khari Baoli in Fatehpuri
Streets in Delhi
Retail markets in Delhi
Tourist attractions in Delhi
Wholesale markets in India
Neighbourhoods in Delhi
Neodiprion abietis, commonly known as the balsam fir sawfly, is a species of insect in the family Diprionidae. It is found in North America from Canada to northern Mexico and is phytophagous, feeding on the needles of coniferous trees.
Evolutionary relationship
N. abietis is considered to arise from a monophyletic group.
Internal anatomy
The larva of N. abietis have salivary glands with a lumen that is lined by microvilli and it also has a single layer of epithelial cells present. Moreover, they have fat body cells against the anterior duct of the lumen. Balsam fir sawfly have a pair of diverticular pouches which are used to store terpenoids which they regurgitate as a form of defense. These pouches are lined with a layer of an impermeable cuticle. The amount of liquid regurgitated is a reflection of the food that they ingest. The rectum of the Neodiprion abietis larva has a rectum similar to other Diprionidae. The rectum consists of a thin cuticle, a single layer of epithelial cells, and contains muscles.
Physical characteristics
The heads of instars differ in color, newly hatched first instars have a light brown head and prior to molting into second instars, their heads change to a dark brown color. Their heads then turn black in color during the second to fifth instars. A range of 0.48 mm to 0.60 mm is seen with the size of head capsules. The stripes on their body also differ in larval instars. The first and second instar lack longitudinal stripes. The third, fourth, and fifth instar has three pairs of longitudinal dark stripes. The stripes on the third instar are considerably shorter than the fourth and fifth instar, while the stripes of the fourth and fifth instar are very similar causing difficulty for differentiating. The body color and length also varies between instars. Initially, a translucent body is seen, then becomes light green during the first instars. The body length rages anywhere from 2.43 mm to 3.15 mm. The antennas, more specifically their segments, differ between male and female. Male antennas consist of 21-23 segments while female antennas consist of 18-20 segments.
Life cycle
In Newfoundland, Canada, female sawflies lay their eggs in late September or early October using their saw-like ovipositor into foliage of the current year or foliage of the previous year. The different strains of N. abietis are known to differ in host plant oviposition preference. Months later, around June or mid-July, the eggs hatch and the larvae feed immediately on needles of the balsam fir. The larvae prefer to eat 2 or 3-year-old balsam fir foliage and will rarely feed on foliage of the current year. The development of male and female sawfly vary slightly. Females can have five or six instars whereas males only have five instars. Secondly, females take slightly longer than males to complete their development. A female's developmental period lasts 35 days whereas males complete their development within 30 days. Male and female sawflies spin a cocoon during their last-instar larva, they pupate inside, and adults emerge from the cocoon within 2–3 weeks. Account differs concerning whether N. abietis will spin its cocoon on the foliage or in the ground.
Reproduction
Mated females can produce male and female offspring while unmated females can only produce male offspring, a form of parthenogenesis known as arrhenotoky.
Feeding
The balsam fir sawfly feeds on Abies balsamea, a type of fir, Picea glauca, Picea mariana types of spruce, and Larix laricina, a larch.
The first instar feeds on the whole crown of one-year-old foliage following egg hatch and the larvae in a group feed together by moving from one shoot to another. Females, however, have a greater sensitivity to foliage than males and it's suspected that it is due to their longer developmental time. N. abietis larvae have optimal development when they are able to feed on different-aged foliage thus allowing for maximization of their resources.
Moreover, the balsam fir sawfly are considered to be wasteful feeders because only the outer portions of needles are consumed during the early-instar larvae. Late instars, however, consume more needle tissue type but it never consumes the needle in its entirety.
Ecological importance
In eastern Canada, local outbreaks of N. abietis can last anywhere from 3 years to 5 years and have been shown to have a periodicity of about 10 years. Ecological factors involved in N. abietis outbreaks are increased immigration, female-biased sex ratios, and reduced mortality due to diseases, parasitoids and host-plant effects.
The outbreaks of the balsam fir sawfly cause a reduction in tree growth which in turn can cause tree mortality. The balsam fir sawfly, more specifically third to fifth instar larvae are responsible for defoliation and foliage weight loss in trees. Balsam fir sawfly defoliation does not stimulate the release of buds or shoots, which contributes to a slow recovery and severe impact on the balsam fir. N. abietis outbreaks have been documented to increase in intensity in thinned forests of Atlantic Canada.
Balsam fir outbreaks can be shortened by the application of a baculovirus known as nucelopolyhedrovirus (NeabNPV), which has been shown to be involved in the natural decline of balsam fir sawfly outbreaks. NeabNPV works by infecting the epithelial cells of the larvae midgut, this infection can be carried within the midgut through to adulthood. Neemix, an insect growth regulator has also been used to slow down larval and pupal development by decreasing pupal weight, and can reduce the ability of the adults to emerge from their cocoon.
References
Tenthredinoidea
Venetian Lovers is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Walter Niebuhr and Frank A. Tilley and starring Arlette Marchal, Hugh Miller and John Mylong.
The film's art direction was by Willy Reiber. It was made at the Emelka Studios in Munich.
Cast
Arlette Marchal as Countess Lola Astoni
Hugh Miller as Count Astoni
John Mylong as Chevalier Tomasso
John Stuart as Bob Goring
Margarete Schlegel as Marquita
Maria Mindzenty as Betty Bradshaw
Ben Field as William P. Bradshaw
Eva Westlake as Mrs. Bradshaw
Georg H. Schnell as Sir Harcourt
References
Bibliography
Palmer, Scott. British Film Actors' Credits, 1895-1987. McFarland, 1988.
External links
1925 films
German drama films
German silent feature films
1925 drama films
1920s German-language films
Films set in Venice
Films shot in Germany
Films shot at Bavaria Studios
Films based on British novels
Silent drama films
Robert Abajyan (; 16 November 1996 – 2 April 2016) was an Armenian junior sergeant in the Republic of Artsakh Defense Army. He was posthumously awarded the "Hero of Artsakh" which is the highest honorary title of semi-recognized NKR.
Abajyan fought alone for several hours against special forces groups of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces during the Armenian–Azerbaijani clashes of 2016 in the northeast line of contact on the night of 1–2 April. He gestured as if to surrender, and then pulled out a grenade and blew up the approaching Azeri soldiers with himself.
Biography
Early life
Abajyan was born in 1996 in Yerevan. In 2003 he attended Yerevan's Basic School No. 147 in Kanaker-Zeytun District. He graduated in 2012 and attended Yerevan State Basic Medical College which he graduated in 2014 with a degree in dental technology. He then attended Medical Institute named after Mother Teresa later same year.
Military service
Abajyan went to compulsory military service in 2014. Due to high military performance, he was promoted to junior sergeant.
Armenian–Azerbaijani clashes
On the night of 1–2 April 2016 along the northeastern part of the NKR-Azerbaijan contact line units of Azerbaijani Armed Forces carried out large-scale attacks against the Armenian side. After the use of artillery, groups of Azerbaijani forces commenced an infantry attack. Under the leadership of captain Armenak Urfanyan, a smaller number of Armenian border soldiers started to provide heavy resistance. After two failed attempts of penetration and a loss of a tank, Azeri forces withdrew to their initial positions and resumed the artillery bombardments on the contact line. Captain Urfanyan and Yazidi-Armenian machine-gunner Kyaram Sloyan were soon killed.
After the death of the commander, Robert Abajyan, who had suffered a wound in his leg by that time, took upon himself to proceed with the resistance. After the penetration of Azeri forces inside the line, he brought his wounded comrade machine-gunner Andranik Zohrabyan into the trench cell, which was located at a distance of 30 meters (98 feet).
In the trench cell Abajyan contacts with the battalion commander and provides valuable information on the operational situation. He informed about possible dangers to the commander of the group that hurried to aid. After Andranik Zohrabyan bled to death, Abajyan continued to fight alone from the cell against a large number of enemy forces. After spotting the approaching Azeri soldiers, he attracted their attention by raising his hands and pretended to surrender, while secretly keeping an exposed hand grenade.
Allowing 2 Azeri soldiers to approach, Abajyan blew himself up with a grenade committing suicide. It's not clear if he could kill or wound any enemy soldier with his action. Having made that decision, he radioed in and said, as a last request, "Under no circumstances are you to abandon this position!"
On 8 April, after a mutual agreement was reached in advance between both parties, bodies of Abajyan and Zohrabyan were found as a result of body searching operations.
Funeral
On 11 April 2016, Abajyan was buried in the Yerablur Military Pantheon. Funeral ceremonies were held in front of St. John the Baptist Church in Yerevan.
Hero of Artsakh
Abajyan was posthumously awarded the highest Honorary Title "Hero of Artsakh" and the Order of the "Golden Eagle", "for exclusive bravery and courage shown during the defense of the NKR state border in the course of the large-scale military operations from 2 to 5 April". He became the 24th "Hero of Artsakh" awardee, as well as the youngest person ever to hold the title at 19 years old.
References
External links
1996 births
2016 deaths
Military personnel from Yerevan
Armenian military personnel killed in action
Burials at Yerablur
Artsakh military personnel
2016 Nagorno-Karabakh clashes
Phallusia mammillata is a solitary marine tunicate of the ascidian class found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
Description
Phallusia mammillata is a solitary species of ascidian and can grow to a height of about . The tunic is a translucent, bluish-white colour and is covered with irregular rounded lobes or mounds.
Distribution
This tunicate is found on rocky, sandy or muddy substrates in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean, the North Sea, the English Channel and the Mediterranean Sea to depths of about .
Biology
Like all tunicates, Phallusia mammillata has a thick leathery tunic containing a cellulosic material. The tunic encloses a sac-shaped cavity with separate siphons through which water is drawn in and expelled. The animal feeds on the planktonic particles that it filters from the incoming seawater by passing it through a mucous net.
P. mammillata is one of a small number of ascidians that accumulate the element vanadium in their blood cells. It is unclear why the tunicate should do this, but concentrations of up to 350 mM have been found, some ten million times higher than in the surrounding seawater. The ascidian has at least ten different types of blood cell, and the vanadium-accumulating cells have been shown to be "vacuolated and granular amoebocytes, signet ring cells and type-II compartment cells".
Each P. mammillata individual is a hermaphrodite. Eggs are released through the exhalent siphon and external fertilization in the water column takes place. The eggs hatch into free-swimming, tadpole-like larvae, which within a few days settle on the seabed and undergo metamorphosis into juveniles.
References
External links
Enterogona
Animals described in 1815
Jitendra Haripal (or Jitendria Haripal), a singer, is most popularly known for his voice in the famous and super hit Rangabati Song in Sambalpuri language of Odisha. He sang this duet song with his female co-singer Krishna Patel. He has sung over 1000 songs and regarded as a top exponent of Sambalpuri language song . He has shared the stage with other leading artists of the State including the former Chief Minister Giridhar Gamang, himself a fine musician. He received the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award of India from the Government of India in 2017 for his contribution to the Indian Music.
Personal life
Haripal dropped out of school and has never taken formal training for songs. He has borrowed this skill from his father Mandhata Haripal, who was a talented musician himself. Being very poor, he could not afford a teacher. His family was landless. They have the only property as singing. In an interview to The Hindu he says, "I know the raagas but not their titles, It is only when people tell me that the song you have sung is in this or that raaga that I get to know the names".
Professional life
According to him, "Music is not safe source of earning". Hence he has worked as a construction labourer and did other odd jobs sometime.
He started his career as a singer in All India Radio (AIR) in 1971 and worked as a "Senior B High" grade as an artist. In the 70s he became popular because of Rangabati Song. After being a hit number on AIR, in 1976 the song got recorded again in Kolkata by a music company, INDRECO. A dispute over authorship of the tune stopped the release of the disc. Finally he won in the legal battle in courts and the disc was released in 1978–79.
After this another bad thing happened. Due to huge popularity of the song, the cassette company signed him for 3 years, with the option of a two-year extension. Thereafter the company went into a lockout, then closed and ownership transferred. Due to contract, he could not perform for anybody else and his royalties stopped. He got only around Rs. 10,000.
Although he rose to fame because of the Rangabati Song, which was in pure Sambalpuri dialect, he has not restricted himself to Sambalpuri folk music only. He used to listen folk music from everywhere. He is a versatile musician who understands and sings folk songs of various dialect such as Sambalpuri (Kosli Language, Bhojpuri, Odia, Chhattisgarhi and Dhakia Bengali music.
Interesting Incident
"A crowd recognised him at Batapur railway station. It refused to let the train move until Haripal sang Rangabati Song. Finally, the train driver asked him to sing a few lines so that the train can move!"
Family
His youngest son Prabhat is a well-known percussionist and his daughter-in-law Minu is a popular singer. His granddaughter Ghungroo loves folk dances.
Even after being in limelight, in 2001, his family was not in good financial condition. Their family troupe used to make little money. They lost all their instruments in heavy rain and used to hire or borrow.
Contribution for upliftment of Sambalpuri folk music
In April 2015, Haripal submitted a petition to secretary, tourism and culture, Aurobinda Padhi seeking his intervention to ensure that folk songs retain their original glory. He does not like the obscene and vulgar lyrics in Sambalpuri folk songs now-a-days and wants to censor the video albums.
Awards and felicitations
Jitendra Haripal and Krishna Patel were conferred with DLitt (Honoris Causa) at the fourth convocation of Utkal University of Culture in Bhubaneswar on 10 April 2015.
In 2007, he was felicitated by Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik.
In 2012, he was the brand ambassador for Western Samurai, Rourkela T-20 team for the Odisha Premier League.
In 2017, the prestigious "Padma Shri" was conferred upon him
References
Living people
Indian male singers
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
Singers from Odisha
Year of birth missing (living people)
Combined approval voting (CAV) is an electoral system where each voter may express approval, disapproval, or indifference toward each candidate. The winner is the most-approved candidate.
It is a cardinal system, a variation of score and approval voting, and is also known as dis&approval voting, balanced approval voting (BAV), approval with abstention option (AWAO), true weight voting (TWV1), or evaluative voting (EV) (though the latter can also be used for variants with more than 3 values.) It has also been called net approval voting (though this term has a different definition in the context of approval-based committee selection).
Procedure
Ballots contain a list of candidates, with 3 options next to each: "approve"/"disapprove"/"abstain", "for"/"against"/"neutral", or similar. The ballot warns that blanks for a candidate are scored as "indifferent" votes. Voters express their opinion of each candidate, and the votes are summed, with support = +1 and opposition = −1. The candidate with the largest score is the winner.
It's also possible to use ballots with 2 options, "approve"/"disapprove" and treat blanks as abstentions.
Unlike approval voting, in which non-approval could mean either disapproval or indifference, CAV allows explicit expression of disapproval, which is hoped to increase turnout, and reduce spoiled/blank ballots and insincere votes for unviable candidates. Some jurisdictions allow a "none of the above" option to express disapproval of all candidates, but ballots that allow disapproval of specific candidates are otherwise rare.
History
CAV has been independently invented many times. It was originally proposed by Dan Felsenthal in 1989. Claude Hillinger introduced the same concept in 2004 under the name "Evaluative Voting". Alcantud and Laruelle gave it the name "Dis&approval voting" in 2016.
Properties
As this is mathematically equivalent to 3-level score voting, it shares the same properties. For instance, it is always safe for a voter to approve their honest favorite (the favorite betrayal criterion).
While a (-1, 0, +1) scale is mathematically identical to a (0, 1, 2) scale, there are psychological differences between the two, and the introduction of negative ratings (combined with the change in scoring blanks as middle grades rather than the lowest grades) changes the scores that candidates receive in each system. Studies of French voters in 2012 found that, while the highest-rated candidate was the same under either system, and the grades of "exclusive" (polarizing) candidates were relatively unchanged, there were slight increases in the scores of "inclusive" (broadly-liked) candidates, and large increases in the scores of lesser-known candidates.
Unlike other score voting scales, CAV is compatible with existing voting machines that can handle voting for/against ballot initiatives.
References
Electoral systems
Cardinal electoral systems
Dishevelled binding antagonist of beta catenin 1 (Dact1, previously known as Dapper, Dpr1, Frodo) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the DACT1 gene. Dact1 was originally described in 2002 as a negative regulator of Wnt signaling by binding and destabilizing Dishevelled. More recent investigation into the molecular function of Dact1 has identified its principle role in the cell as a scaffold to generate membrane-less biomolecular condensates through liquid-liquid phase separation. Mutations in the phase-separating regions of Dact1 lead to Townes-Brock Syndrome 2 while its overexpression is associated with bone metastasis.
Regulation and function
Dact1 is regulated by the TGF-β pathway through Smad2/3 binding sites in its promoter region. Dact1 is degraded through the proteasome and is described as a Wnt activator, a Wnt suppressor, or alternately a Wnt-independent regulator of the autophagosome. The Dact1 protein is annotated with 10 intrinsically disordered domains, a nuclear localization sequence, a nuclear export sequence, a PDZ binding domain, and a coiled-coiled domain. AI-based protein folding predictions describe a highly disordered exterior calyx surrounding an ordered interior. Dact1 has been reported to interact with numerous proteins including itself, Dishevelled, p120, LEF, 14-3-3 proteins, VPS34, Miz1, Vangl, and Dact2 through immunoprecipitation studies. More recent studies into the role of Dact1 in forming "Frodosomes", or membrane-less, organelle-like biomolecular condensates, identified a Dact1 protein signature that included many previously identified interactors as well as new proteins such as Casein Kinase 2.
Health and disease
Dact1 is an essential regulator of development through its role in regulating Wnt activity and its deletion is embryonically lethal. Heterozygous mutations in Dact1 cause Townes-Brock Syndrome 2 in humans which is inherited in an autosomal dominant pattern. High levels of Dact1 mRNA predicts worse outcome in breast cancer bone metastasis and is an essential protein in the bone metastatic cascade.
References
Genetics
Proteins
"Transistor" is the title track by the band 311 from the album Transistor (1997). The song clocks in at approximately 3:03. A music video was also shot and directed for the single.
Music video
The video features the band playing in a small room, while a giant CGI rotating orb travels from different locations showing the band performing in their room on the sides of the orb. Some of the places include a city sidewalk, forest, suburban neighborhood and the Griffith Observatory.
Charts
References
1997 singles
311 (band) songs
Songs written by Nick Hexum
Songs written by SA Martinez
1997 songs
Songs written by Chad Sexton
Capricorn Records singles
Case Inlet, in southern Puget Sound in the U.S. state of Washington, is an arm of water between Key Peninsula on the east and Hartstine Island on the west. Its northern end, called North Bay, reaches nearly to Hood Canal, creating the defining isthmus of Kitsap Peninsula. Case Inlet is the boundary between Pierce County and Mason County. The southern end of Case Inlet is connected to Nisqually Reach, part of the southern basin of Puget Sound. Herron Island lies in Case Inlet.
Case Inlet was named by Charles Wilkes of the Wilkes Expedition of 1838–1842, to honor Augustus L. Case, one of the expedition's officers. From the 1870s to the 1920s, transportation needs of the communities along Case Inlet were served by a small flotilla of steamboats.
References
External links
, USGS, GNIS entry
Inlets of Washington (state)
Bodies of water of Mason County, Washington
Bodies of water of Pierce County, Washington
Lieutenant Francis Anthony Blair Fasson, (17 July 1913 – 30 October 1942), known as Tony Fasson, was a Royal Navy officer. He was posthumously awarded the George Cross "for outstanding bravery and steadfast devotion to duty in the face of danger" when on 30 October 1942 in action in the Mediterranean Sea he captured codebooks vital for the breaking of the German naval "Shark" Enigma cipher from the sinking .
Biography
Fasson was born in the village of Lanton, Roxburghshire, the son of Francis Hamilton Fasson, a captain of the Scottish Horse, and Lilias Clara Fasson (née Bruce). Fasson was educated at Jedburgh Grammar School, and entered the Royal Navy on 6 September 1930, serving aboard the battleship as a midshipman until June 1933. Promoted to acting-sub-lieutenant on 1 September 1933, he attended the Royal Naval College, Greenwich and received promotion to sub-lieutenant on 16 May 1934, before being assigned to the light cruiser on 5 January 1935.
On 15 September 1935 he was attached to the Royal Air Force with the temporary rank of flying officer to train as a pilot at the No. 1 Flying Training School, RAF Leuchars. He returned to the navy on 16 June 1936 and joined the minesweeping sloop on 18 July 1936, receiving promotion to lieutenant on 16 September 1936. From 19 April 1937 he served aboard the escort vessel in the East Indies, before joining the destroyer as first lieutenant on 5 August 1938.
Fasson was appointed first lieutenant of the destroyer on 20 July 1939, and saw action in her on 10 April 1940 during the First Battle of Narvik, after which he received a Mention in Despatches. In early 1941 Fasson was posted to , the naval headquarters in Alexandria, Egypt, finally returning to sea duty in March 1942 as first lieutenant of the destroyer .
Death
On 30 October 1942 Petard, in conjunction with the destroyers and , the escort destroyers and , and an RAF Sunderland flying boat of 47 Squadrons based in Port Said, attacked and badly damaged the . The crew of the U-559 abandoned their vessel, with 7 dead and 38 survivors.
Fasson and Able Seaman Colin Grazier, along with NAAFI canteen assistant Tommy Brown, jumped from the Petard to the deck of the U-559 and entered the sinking submarine, which had water pouring in through seacocks left open by the Germans. Working in complete darkness, fully aware that the submarine could sink without warning at any time, Fasson and Grazier located documents which Brown carried up to men in a whaler. They continued searching until the submarine suddenly foundered – "sank like a stone," drowning Fasson and Grazier; Brown survived. Fasson and Grazier were subsequently awarded the George Cross, while Brown received the George Medal. The awards were published in the London Gazette on 14 September 1943.
The codebooks that Fasson, Grazier, and Brown retrieved were immensely valuable to the code-breakers at Bletchley Park, who had been unable to read U-boat Enigma for ten months. The captured material allowed them to read the cyphers for several weeks, and to break U-boat Enigma thereafter.
Memorials
Fasson is commemorated with plaques at Bedrule Kirk and the Jedburgh British Legion Club, while his George Cross is held by the Scottish National War Museum at Edinburgh Castle.
References
1913 births
1942 deaths
People from the Scottish Borders
People educated at Jedburgh Grammar School
British recipients of the George Cross
Royal Navy recipients of the George Cross
Royal Navy personnel killed in World War II
Royal Navy officers
Royal Navy officers of World War II
World War II espionage
People educated at Stubbington House School
Graduates of the Royal Naval College, Greenwich
Deaths by drowning
Scottish military personnel
Hardin is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Hardin was platted in 1816. The community was named for John Hardin (1753–1792), a Continental Army officer in the American Revolutionary War. Hardin was the county seat from 1819 until 1820. A post office called Hardin was established in 1820, and discontinued in 1909.
References
Unincorporated communities in Shelby County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Crime and Punishment is a two-part British television crime drama series, based upon the 1866 novel of the same name by Fyodor Dostoyevsky, that first broadcast on BBC2 on 12 February 2002. The novel was adapted for television by playwright Tony Marchant, and was directed by Julian Jarrold.
John Simm stars as Rodya Raskolnikov, a former student who plans the murder of a pawnbroker to alleviate his financial problems, but also as an existential exercise, feeling himself able to commit such acts without guilt, remorse or justification. The series was broadcast over two consecutive nights, airing in the 9:00-10:30pm slot. The series was released on DVD on 25 August 2008, via 2|Entertain.
Production
The series was filmed in St. Petersburg. Simm said of his role as Raskolnikov; "The hard job for me is to make the viewer understand why Raskolnikov kills. But that is helped by seeing the place that he has to live in, it was absolutely disgusting. He is a very intelligent guy, who is slowly driven to madness by the things he sees around him."
Reception
The series gathered mixed reviews in the press, with The Guardian claiming that "As Raskolnikov, the murderer, John Simm is the spindle the whole thing whirls around. He gives a vivid performance and looks like a vicious angel. In the current Augean state of the stables, I am not able to find fault with this well-bred winner"; while The Telegraph were more scathing, writing "It's as if scriptwriter Tony Marchant and director Julian Jarrold had decided to take the setting and crime-drama structure of Crime and Punishment and ditch the philosophical core, the engine that gives everything meaning."
Cast
John Simm as Rodya Raskolnikov
Ian McDiarmid as Detective Porfiry
Shaun Dingwall as Razumikhin
Geraldine James as Pulcheria
Kate Ashfield as Dounia
Lara Belmont as Sonya
Mark Benton as Zosimov
Katrin Cartlidge as Katerina
Alice Connor as Polya
David Haig as Luzhin
Martin Hancock as Koch
Anna Hope as Nastasya
Philip Jackson as Marmeladov
Sean McKenzie as Semyonobvich
Roger Morlidge as Lt. Gunpowder
Jake Nightingale as Artisan
Tim Potter as Nikolai
Nigel Terry as Svidrigailov
Darren Tighe as Zamyotov
Heather Tobias as Lizaveta
Episodes
References
External links
2002 British television series debuts
2002 British television series endings
2000s British drama television series
British crime television series
English-language television shows
Films based on Crime and Punishment
2002 television films
2002 films
Films directed by Julian Jarrold
British television films
Amrduiyeh (, also Romanized as Amrdū'īyeh and Amrodū'īyeh; also known as Amrūdū'īyeh and Hūrmedū) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 322, in 73 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 2012 Copa Argentina Final was the 185th. and final match of the 2011–12 Copa Argentina, the first edition of the national cup relaunched by AFA in 2011. It was played in single match between Boca Juniors and Racing Club, on August 8, 2012 at the Estadio San Juan del Bicentenario. The winner qualified to play the 2012 Copa Sudamericana.
Boca Juniors won the match 2–1 with goals by strikers Santiago Silva and Lucas Viatri, achieving their 2nd. Copa Argentina title.
Qualified teams
Road to the final
Match
Details
Statistics
References
Copa
2012
a
a
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Lasne. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Lasne
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Lasne
Lasne
The women's 1500 metres event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27–28 February.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 3 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
1500 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
1500
1998 in women's athletics
The Tarab Formation is a geologic formation in the Wadi al Shatii District, western Libya. The lacustrine limestones preserve fossils dating back to the Rupelian stage of the Oligocene period.
Fossil content
The formation has provided the following fossils:
Mammals
Pliohyracidae
Saghatherium antiquum
Amphibians
Anura indet.
Fish
Osteichthyes indet.
See also
Mizdah Formation, Late Cretaceous fossiliferous formation of Libya
Jebel Qatrani Formation, contemporaneous fossiliferous formation of Egypt
Quercy Phosphorites Formation, contemporaneous fossiliferous formation of France
Indricotherium Formation, contemporaneous fossiliferous formation of Kazakhstan
References
Bibliography
Geologic formations of Libya
Oligocene Series of Africa
Rupelian Stage
Limestone formations
Lacustrine deposits
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of Africa
Paleontology in Libya
Formations
Zophar Mills was a fireboat operated by the Fire Department of New York City from 1883 to 1958. She was the department's first iron-hulled vessel and had a pumping capacity of per minute.
Around 1882, Zohpar Mills reportedly collided with a pier at Little 12th Street (, the present-day location of Little Island at Pier 55).
According to some accounts, she was the first fireboat called to the burning of , where over a thousand people died. Other accounts say was the first fireboat to be dispatched.
See also
Fireboats in New York City
References
Fireboats of New York City
1883 ships
Ships built by Pusey and Jones
Gregor Jordan (born 1966) is an Australian film director.
Jordan's films include Two Hands (1999), Buffalo Soldiers (2001), and Ned Kelly (2003). He has also directed the concert video These Days: Live in Concert (2004) by Australian rock band Powderfinger.
His film Two Hands won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Direction and Best Screenplay in 1999. He has most recently directed a film version of The Informers written by Bret Easton Ellis and Nicholas Jarecki and the thriller Unthinkable starring Samuel L. Jackson. He has finished production on a live concert DVD of Powderfinger's final concert tour 'Sunsets' and is in production on a documentary about Ian Thorpe's return to professional swimming.
Jordan is married to a New Zealand actress Simone Kessell. They have two sons, Jack, who was born in January 2005 in Los Angeles and Beau, born in 2013.
Prior to making films Gregor Jordan played Bassanio in The Merchant of Venice for Shakespeare By The Sea (Australia).
Filmography
Two Hands (1999) Also Writer
Buffalo Soldiers (2001) Also Writer
Ned Kelly (2003)
These Days: Live in Concert (2004)
The Informers (2008)
Sunsets: Powderfinger's Farewell Tour (2010)
Unthinkable (2010)
Ian Thorpe: The Swimmer (2012 documentary)
Dirt Music (2019)
References
External links
1966 births
Australian film directors
Living people
People from Sale, Victoria
Jalilabad (, also Romanized as Jalīlābād; also known as Khalīlābād and Shahrak-e Jalīlābād) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,520, in 1,322 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Antolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Modliborzyce, north of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The 2003 Commonwealth of Independent States Cup was the eleventh edition of the competition between the champions of former republics of Soviet Union. It was won by Sheriff Tiraspol for the first time.
Participants
1 Lokomotiv Moscow were represented by reserve/youth players.
2 Azerbaijan U21 replaced Shamkir (2001–02 Azerbaijan champions) since Azerbaijan Premier League was suspended for 2002–03 season and all clubs were inactive, outside of occasional friendly matches. The team was also reinforced with a few overage players.
Group stage
Group A
Results
Group B
Results
Group C
Unofficial table
Official table
Results
Group D
Unofficial table
Official table
Results
Final rounds
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Top scorers
External links
2003 CIS Cup at rsssf.com
2003 CIS Cup at football.by
2003 CIS Cup at kick-off.by
2003 CIS Cup official website
2003
2003 in Russian football
2002–03 in Ukrainian football
2002–03 in European football
January 2003 sports events in Russia
The flora of China consists of a diverse range of plant species including over 39,000 vascular plants, 27,000 species of fungi and 3000 species of bryophytes. More than 30,000 plant species are native to China, representing nearly one-eighth of the world's total plant species, including thousands found nowhere else on Earth. China's land, extending over 9.6 million km, contains a variety of ecosystems and climates for plants to grow in. Some of the main climates include shores, tropical and subtropical forests, deserts, elevated plateaus and mountains. The events of the continental drift and early Paleozoic Caledonian movement also play a part in creating climatic and geographical diversity resulting in high levels of endemic vascular flora. These landscapes provide different ecosystems and climates for plants to grow in, creating a wide variety of different flora spanning over not just China, but different parts of the world.
Vascular plants
China has over 39,000 vascular plants, including angiosperms, gymnosperms, ferns (monilophytes) and fern allies (lycophytes). Approximately 31,500 of these being native and over 50% being endemic. The vascular plants of China have been documented extensively in the Flora of China (series).
Native species
Asteraceae is a well-known family containing many species that have been used in China for medicine as well as ornamental plants. Common species include the Callistephus, also known as the Chinese Aster, which is native to China.Dawn redwood (Metasequoia glyptostroboides) is a deciduous conifer native to the Luchuan country of the Hubei province in China. It is the only remaining species of Metasequoia with only approximately 5000 individuals left in the wild.
Gutta-percha tree (Eucommia ulmoides) is a small tree that has alternately arranged, deciduous leaves and is almost threatened in the wild. However, it is widely cultivated by the people of China for its bark which has medicinal properties. It is also important in China's natural rubber producing industry as its leaf produces a latex compound when torn which dries into rubber.
Happy tree (Camptotheca acuminate) is a low-growing deciduous tree native to the arm, humid river banks along the Yangtze River. The leaves, bark, root, and seeds have medicinal properties that have been used to treat the common cold, liver problems, digestive problems, and psoriasis in the past.
Yunnan Cypress (Cupressus duclouxiana) is an endemic coniferous tree species that occur in the low altitude regions of Central China. This species is threatened by habitat loss and is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Other native plants include Golden Larch (Pseudolarix kaempferi), dove-tree (Davidia involucrata), China fir (Cunninghamia lanceolate), Fujian Cypress (Fokienia hodginsii), Tienchi Ginseng (Panax notoginseng) and Lycium chinense.
Fungi
The fungal flora of China is extensive with over 27,000 fungal species. As of 2018, China has reported 1789 edible fungi and 798 medicinal fungi. Notably, fungi played a vital part of China's traditional native plant use, with recent archaeology findings determining its significance in regions of China around 6000 years ago and dating as far back as the Tang dynasty (600–900 ce). Consequently, its significance in Chinese herbal medicine, culture, and cuisine broadened their understanding of the plant, resulting in our more intricate knowledge of fungi. The use of Chinese fungi was first documented in an ancient Chinese book dating to the second century, entitled Shen Nong Ben Cao Jing (The Divine Farmer's Materia Medica), which references 14 different types of fungi used among a total of 365 herbal medicines.
The fungal records from the Checklist of Fungi in China and the Flora Fungorum Sinicorum series reveal that the distribution of fungi in China is uneven, particularly in Northwest China. Northwest China includes the provinces of Xinjiang, Qinghai, Gansu, Ningxia, and Shaanxi making up over 30% of the country's territory, however, only 3887 species of fungi out of 759 genera have been yielded there. In comparison, the tropical regions of South-Central China and Southwest China, which includes the provinces of Hainan, Guangdong, Guangxi, and Yunnan, account for less than 5% of the country's territory but have yielded 5,056 species in 1192 general. However, there is a difference in the precipitation levels in both areas and these climatic and geographical conditions may possibly be a reason for the fungal diversity in the two regions.
Mushroom cultivation plays a major role in the ecological and social development of China. According to the State of World's fungi report 2018, over 100 species of fungi have been domesticated for cultivation with around 60% being produced commercially. It not only provides food but also income and around 25 million jobs. China has become one of the largest edible mushroom producers in the world reaching an estimated annual yield of over 38 million tonnes.
Vegetation types
Forests
There are six forest regions in China. This includes the North, Northeast, Northwest, South Central, Southeast, and Southwest. Both northeast and northwest reaches contain mountains and cold coniferous forests, supporting animal species which include moose and Asiatic black bear, along with some 120 types of birds. Moist conifer forests can have thickets of bamboo as an understorey, replaced by rhododendrons in higher montane stands of juniper and yew. Northeast China contains one of the major forest regions in China. The cold-temperate deciduous needle-leaved forest region is located in northernmost Northeast China. This region is also composed of the long, narrow ranges of gneiss and granite which form the Eastern margin of the Mongolian Plateau. Deciduous conifer forests, also known as light taiga forests, are the zonal vegetation in this region. In this region, you can also find dwarf forests, Picea jezoensis forests, Betula dahurica forests, and more. Temperate mixed forest regions make up the largest forest region in Northeast China. The climate in this region is milder and moister allowing mixed forests of evergreen coniferous and deciduous broad-leaved trees to dominate. Pinus koraiensis are the main species of this forest, however, several other evergreen coniferous tree species can be found in the forests such as Abies holophylla. These forests are important in China for timber production but also house the Panax ginseng, which is a valuable medicinal plant.
Subtropical forests, which dominate central and southern China, support an astounding 146,000 species of flora. South China experiences heavy rainfall and long wet seasons, making the climate ideal for bamboo and rice growth. North China by contrast experiences limited rainfall and far fewer species diversification than the south (Kressey, George, 1930). Tropical rainforest and seasonal rainforests, though confined to Yunnan and Hainan Island, contain a quarter of all the plant and animal species found in China. The Southwest forest region is made up of Tibet, Yunan, Guizhou, Sichuan, and Chongqing. This region contains a number of valuable ancient and relict trees such as Ginkgo biloba, which is a distinctive paleoendemic species originating from the Permian Era of the Paleozoic. The Chinese landscape has undergone geographical shifts creating some of the most vital habitats in the world. The topography of China changed when tectonic plate shifts developed the uplift of the Himalaya Mountains and the Tibetan plateau. A result of changing topography changed the climate of inner China resulting in the deserts of the Xinjing region and the dry climate of the north and northwest China (Marks, R. 2017). China's biodiversity today can be linked back to 13,000 years ago marking the end of a global ice age. A large portion of China was not covered with the same layer of ice as Eurasia and North America, allowing species prior to the ice age to survive well past the freezing period (Marks, R. 2017). The Southwest forest region is an important glacial refuge supporting high diversity as it was not majorly affected by the last ice sheet. This allowed species that originated from the Mesozoic to the Early Tertiary, such as Amentotaxus argoenia, Podocarpus spp and Dacrydium pierrei, to continue growing. There are four representative subtropical broad-leaved forests of Southwest China; the semi-humid forest, monsoon forest, mid-montane forest, and typical broad-leaved forest. Cyclobalanopsis, Castanopsis, and Lithocarpus are some of the species which dominate the four types of forests. Other species that dominate the monsoon forest include Machilus, Beilschmiedia, Cryptocarya (Lauraceae) and Schima (Theaceae). Machilus and Schima are also found in mid-montane forests as well as Cinnamomum, Manglietia, and Alcimandra. The humid evergreen forests are also dominated by different species of Lauraceae, Magnoliaceae, Theaceae, Elaeocarpaceae.
Use by humans
Over 10,000 of the species have been implemented in at least one of the fields with a vast majority in medicine. Nowadays, Chinese plants have been exported all around the world to be studied or used for food or used in the medicinal system. The Chinese originated medicinal plant Artemisia annua, also known as sweet wormwood, is one of the most well known medicinal plants to come from China, having been used since ancient times to treat fevers as well as a possible treatment for malaria in the 1970s. Poaceae, also known as grasses, are a very economically important group with around 1795 species (809 being endemic) in China. Species from this family such as Phyllostachys heteroclada, which was one of the more popular bamboos, were used to weave everyday objects such as bamboo mats as well as children's toys.
Plants have also played a large role in China's history and culture having been symbolically used in art, architecture and religion. Different plants can be interpreted differently depending on their characteristics. Plants can be symbolically used through either association or through puns of the Chinese characters of the plant's name. The paeonia (paeony) is one of the most popular botanical images in Chinese culture with its beauty symbolising wealth, honor and rank.
Research exhibits data that tells us the number of useful plants that are endemic, threatened, or both such as how 3552 (33%) of useful plants are endemic to China with 1353 of those having been included in at least one list of globally threatened species. This includes the IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) and CITES (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora).
Conservation and threat
The arrival of humans has caused a disturbance and had a great impact on the evolution of plants in China. The introduction of factors such as climate change and pollution has impacted the climatic and geographical location and diversity of plants. Fungi being less recorded in Central and Eastern China where there is more agricultural and industrial development and habitat destruction can be seen as an example of this. Recently, it has been reported that Fritillaria delavayi, a small high in demand flower located in Southwest China, has been evolving to camouflage with its environment to avoid getting picked. This plant has been used for medicinal purposes for the last 2000 years but demand has steadily started to increase, resulting in the flower developing grey and brown leaves to blend in with its rocky surrounding.
Conservation
In early 2002, China endorsed the Global Strategy for Plant Conservation providing an approach for preserving the estimated 300,000 to 425,000 species of vascular plants in in-situ and ex-situ preservation. In response to this, The Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) established an ex situ conservation program to help efficiently manage the ex-situ conservation of indigenous plants in China. Their 12 botanical garden institutions serve as conservation, research as well as public education and with the program, they planned to create five regional gardens, establish nine specialized ones as well as acquire and renovate 15 existing ones. The five regions on which new gardens would be established were the temperate and plain forest of North China; the Yangtze River regional aquatic flora (east-central China); the subtropical monsoon evergreen broadleaved forest (South China); tropical rainforest (southwest China); and the south-central China Henduan mountain flora. In 2008, China's Strategy for Plant Conservation was adopted as a joint initiative of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the National Forestry and Grassland Administration, and the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. More than 3000 nature reserves have been created, covering approximately 16% of China's land surface. This includes more than 85% of types of terrestrial natural ecosystems, 40% of types of natural wetlands, 20% of native forests, and 65% of natural communities of vascular plants.
Invasive species
China has a long history of intentional and non-intentional introduction of invasive species. Invasive species are widespread in the country representing many major taxonomic groups. The rapid growth of China's economy, trade and transportation systems provide increased opportunities for the introduction of invasive species. With their dense population, areas that are more populated tend to have a larger number of invasive plants. China has attempted to combat the problematic alien species through enhanced awareness, developing a database of invasive species, monitory as well as other methods.
Ceratocystis fimbriata and Ragweed (Ambrosia spp.) are two particular invasive species causing an economic loss in agriculture. Ragweed is a threat to public health as well as the ecological integrity of China, affecting the production of farming and animal husbandry. Alligator weed (Alternanthera philoxeroides) is another invasive species particularly affecting forestry. Other damaging and widespread species in China include Amaranth (Amaranthus spp.), Crofton weed (Eupatorium adenophorum), and Spinyflower alternanthera (Alternanthera pungens).
References
External links
eflora: Flora of China
2022 Florida elections may refer to:
Statewide, executive branch:
2022 Florida gubernatorial election
2022 Florida Attorney General election
2022 Florida Commissioner of Agriculture election
2022 Florida Chief Financial Officer election
Statewide, legislative branch:
2022 Florida House of Representatives election
2022 Florida Senate election
Nationwide elections in the State:
2022 United States House of Representatives elections in Florida
2022 United States Senate election in Florida
2022 Florida's 20th congressional district special election
Cities:
2022 Tallahassee mayoral election
2022 Pensacola mayoral election
Florida
Sailmakers shopping centre (formerly known as Tower Ramparts) is a small multi-story shopping centre located in Ipswich, England. It was opened to the public in November 1986. It is currently owned and operated by LaSalle Investment Management, who purchased the centre in 2011.
Transformation
In July 2014, LaSalle Investment Management and Ipswich Borough Council announced to the public the plans for a £4 million transformation of the shopping centre. It was further announced that Barnes Construction Group would be the contractors for the transformation. The shopping centre reopened in late November 2015 under the new identity of Sailmakers Shopping Centre.
References
External links
Shopping centres in Suffolk
Buildings and structures in Ipswich
Shopping malls established in 1986
Daniel Jorge Castellani (born 21 March 1961) is an Argentine professional volleyball coach and former player. He was part of the Argentine national team in 1976–1988, a bronze medallist at the Olympic Games Seoul 1988 and the 1982 World Championship. He currently serves as a head coach for Fenerbahçe İstanbul.
Personal life
Castellani was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He is married to Silvina Pozzo. They have two children – daughter named Ariana and son Iván, who was also a volleyball player, playing as an opposite spiker in the Argentine national team.
Career
As a coach
He was a head coach of Skra Bełchatów in 2006–2009. In 2009, he took charge of the Polish national team, and in September 2009 led the team to the European Champions title. On 14 September 2009, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of Polonia Restituta. The Order was conferred on the following day by the Prime Minister of Poland, Donald Tusk. He was dismissed before the end of his contract after an unsatisfactory result at the 2010 World Championship held in Italy.
In 2012, he was appointed new head coach of the PlusLiga team, ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle.
In May 2015, he started his work in Sir Safety Perugia.
In May 2017, after one season spent in Noliko Maaseik, he moved to Funvic Taubaté. Castellani was dismissed from his post in 2019, and replaced by Renan Dal Zotto.
Sporting achievements
As a player
CEV Cup
1987/1988 – with Camst Bologna
CEV Challenge Cup
1985/1986 – with Kutiba Falconara
1988/1989 – with Petrarca Padova
Youth national team
1980 CSV U21 South American Championship
As a coach
CEV Challenge Cup
2013/2014 – with Fenerbahçe İstanbul
National championships
2002/2003 Argentine Championship, with Orígenes Bolívar
2003/2004 Argentine Championship, with Orígenes Bolívar
2006/2007 Polish Cup, with PGE Skra Bełchatów
2006/2007 Polish Championship, with PGE Skra Bełchatów
2007/2008 Polish Cup, with PGE Skra Bełchatów
2007/2008 Polish Championship, with PGE Skra Bełchatów
2008/2009 Polish Cup, with PGE Skra Bełchatów
2008/2009 Polish Championship, with PGE Skra Bełchatów
2011/2012 Turkish SuperCup, with Fenerbahçe İstanbul
2011/2012 Turkish Cup, with Fenerbahçe İstanbul
2011/2012 Turkish Championship, with Fenerbahçe İstanbul
2012/2013 Polish Cup, with ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle
2016/2017 Belgian SuperCup, with Noliko Maaseik
State awards
2009: Officer's Cross of Polonia Restituta
References
External links
Coach profile at LegaVolley.it
Player profile at LegaVolley.it
Coach/Player profile at Volleybox.net
1961 births
Living people
Volleyball players from Buenos Aires
Argentine men's volleyball players
Argentine volleyball coaches
Volleyball coaches of international teams
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Expatriate volleyball players in Brazil
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Skra Bełchatów coaches
Fenerbahçe volleyball coaches
ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle coaches
AZS Olsztyn coaches
Vevelstad Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Vevelstad Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Forvika. It is the main church for the Vevelstad parish which is part of the Sør-Helgeland prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1796 using plans drawn up by an unknown architect. The church seats about 250 people. The church was renovated in 1871, expanding the length of the nave and increasing the ceiling height.
See also
List of churches in Sør-Hålogaland
References
Churches in Nordland
Vevelstad
Wooden churches in Norway
18th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1796
1796 establishments in Norway
Long churches in Norway
Victor S. Cianca Sr. (January 5, 1918 – January 24, 2010) was a traffic police officer from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, who spent his entire career with the Pittsburgh Police Bureau before he retired on January 4, 1983. His flamboyant style of directing traffic led to appearances on the television program Candid Camera in 1964, and Allen Funt was so impressed he invited Cianca to direct traffic in New York City's Times Square. He also appeared on Charles Kuralt's CBS News documentaries, The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson and Real People. He also guest conducted the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 1981. He later appeared in Budweiser commercials and was featured in the movie Flashdance, playing himself.
Upon his retirement in 1982, The Pittsburgh Press said that "A downtown traffic jam without Vic Cianca is a traffic jam with no redeeming qualities."
Following his death, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette described him as a "Pittsburgh icon" with "affectionate yinzer spirit" on par with Fred Rogers and Myron Cope.
References
External links
Cianca with VP Nixon and Lodge
2010 deaths
1918 births
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American people of Italian descent
American police officers
People from Pittsburgh
Hjalti Skeggiason (Old Norse and Modern Icelandic: ; O.N. pronunciation: ; M.I. pron.: ) was an Icelandic chieftain who supported Gizurr the White for the introduction of Christianity in Iceland, on the Althing in 1000.
Later he spent time with the Norwegian king Olaf the Stout and accompanied Björn Stallare on his diplomatic mission to Ragnvald Ulfsson in Västergötland and to Olof Skötkonung in Uppsala.
Snorri Sturluson's detailed account of this voyage is probably based on an account made by Hjalti after his return to Iceland.
Sources
An article in Nordisk familjebok
10th-century Vikings
10th-century Icelandic people
Goðar
11th-century Vikings
Omar Santana Cabrera (born 14 April 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Greek Super League 2 club Kallithea.
Career
From the summer 2017 to the summer 2019, Santana played for Polish club Miedź Legnica. He remained without club until 23 December 2019, where he returned to Miedź Legnica, signing a deal for the rest of the season with an option for a further year.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Gran Canaria
Sportspeople from the Province of Las Palmas
Spanish footballers
Footballers from the Canary Islands
Association football midfielders
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Universidad de Las Palmas CF footballers
Atlético Madrid B players
Celta de Vigo B players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
Wigry Suwałki players
Miedź Legnica players
Cypriot First Division players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
2009
See also
References
List of killings by law enforcement officers in the United States, 2009
2009 in the United States
United States
2009
Bardia Saadat (, born August 12, 2002 in Urmia) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays as an opposite spiker for the Iran national team and Italian club Top Volley Cisterna.
In 2021 Saadat invited to Iran senior national team by Vladimir Alekno and made his debut match against Russia in the 2021 Nations League.
Honours
National team
U21 World Championship
Gold medal (1): 2019
Asian U18 Championship
Bronze medal (1): 2018
Individual
Best Opposite Spiker: 2018 Asian Boys' U18 Championship
References
External links
Bardia Saadat at Volleybox.net
Bardia Saadat at Volleyballworld.com
Bardia Saadat at Worldofvolley
Bardia Saadat at Mvolley.com
2002 births
Living people
Iranian men's volleyball players
People from Urmia
Iranian expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Stenoma ventilatrix is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings are whitish-lilac grey, with the costal edge white. The stigmata are dark fuscous, the plical obliquely beyond the first discal. There is a series of indistinct small grey dots from near the costa at two-fifths very obliquely outwards to beyond the cell, then continued as a faint irregular line to the dorsal extremity of the following. There is a cloudy grey line from four-fifths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, sinuate indented towards the costa, then moderately curved. A marginal series of blackish dots is found around the apex and termen. The hindwings are rather dark grey with a slender ochreous-whitish hair-pencil from the base lying in a lateral groove of the abdomen.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Abadan-e Hoseyni (, also Romanized as Abādān-e Ḩoseynī) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The London School of Philosophy is an independent adult education college located in London, United Kingdom. It offers part-time non-degree courses on a wide range of topics within philosophy. It was founded in 2010 by lecturers from Birkbeck College. It is based within Conway Hall, in Bloomsbury.
History
In 2009, the long-established School of Continuing Education at Birkbeck, University of London, which specialised in extra-mural studies, was abolished and its activities integrated into the main college. The following year, as part of this re-organisation, the number of part-time philosophy courses for adults was sharply reduced. Seven of Birkbeck's philosophy lecturers responded to the cancellation of their courses by meeting to establish a new college, the London School of Philosophy (LSP).
The LSP's seven founders organised themselves on a cooperative basis and agreed a constitution in 2010. The first lectures took place in January 2011. A launch event was held on 6 September 2011.
Location
In 2011 the London School of Philosophy announced a collaborative agreement with Conway Hall to base all its teaching activities there.
Conway Hall is a large art-deco building on Red Lion Square in Bloomsbury, built in 1929. It is the venue for a wide range of concerts, lectures and other cultural events. The building also houses the Humanist Library, which includes a sizeable philosophy section.
Courses
Courses at the college cover topics such as ‘Philosophy and Theatre', ‘Philosophy of Love'; ‘Existentialism'; and ‘Philosophy and Biology' alongside others on ethics, aesthetics and the history of philosophy.
Summer Schools
In 2013 the London School of Philosophy for the first time entered a collaborative arrangement with Birkbeck's Department of Philosophy and with Conway Hall, to offer a Summer School on philosophy, which was held over several days at the beginning of July.
The LSP's second annual Summer School, in 2014, was a collaboration with Heythrop College and Conway Hall. The speakers included Professor John Cottingham, Professor Keith Ward, Dr Anna Abram, Dr Piers Benn, Dr Stephen Law and Dr Adam Stewart-Wallace (all from Heythrop), Dr Shahrar Ali, Dr Keith Barrett and Dr Anja Steinbauer (from London School of Philosophy) and special guest speakers Dr Roger Scruton, Emeritus Professor Richard Norman (Kent) and Professor Ken Gemes (Birkbeck).
Student life
As the London School of Philosophy offers only part-time courses, student life is not centralised. The college does not offer halls of residence. At lunchtimes, LSP students often gather at the open-air Park Café in Red Lion Square Gardens.
References
External links
londonschoolofphilosophy.org - The official London School of Philosophy website
www.conwayhall.org.uk - The official Conway Hall website.
Educational institutions established in 2010
Education in the London Borough of Camden
Education in London
Philosophy departments
2010 in London
2010 establishments in England
European Forest Genetic Resources Programme (EUFORGEN) is an international network that supports the conservation and sustainable use of forest genetic resources in Europe. The programme's tasks include to coordinate and promote in situ and ex situ conservation of forest genetic resources, to facilitate the exchange of information, and to increase public awareness of the need to conserve forest genetic resources.
EUFORGEN is funded by member countries and operates through working groups formed by experts from across Europe who meet to exchange knowledge, analyse policies and practice, and develop science-based strategies to improve the management of forest genetic resources. EUFORGEN was established in 1994. Its secretariat, hosted by the European Forest Institute, is located in Barcelona, Spain.
Member countries
There are currently a total of 25 member countries in Europe (January, 2021)
References
Forest conservation organizations
Genetics databases
Organisations based in Barcelona
Plant breeding
Plant genetics
Seed associations
Trees of Europe
Husain Al-Mutairi (born 12 December 1969) is a Kuwaiti boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Kuwaiti male boxers
Olympic boxers of Kuwait
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
Rahilya Geybullayeva (born January 30, 1961) is a well known Azerbaijani researcher in comparative literature, theory of literature and Azerbaijani literature. Geybullayeva is a founder and president of the Azerbaijani Association of Comparative Literature. She has been a panel member at various well-known universities, including Harvard University, MIT, the London School of Economics and University College London.
In 2003, Geybullayeva was coordinator of the Azerbaijani Mougham project for the UNESCO “Masterpieces of Intangible Heritage” programme. She is a member of the National Committee for Protection of Oral and Intangible Heritage (Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences for UNESCO).
At present, Geybullayeva is an active researcher and the head of the Journalism Department at Baku Slavic University.
She has three sons and currently resides in Baku, Azerbaijan.
External links
Azerbaijani Association of Comparative Literature
Baku Slavic University
1961 births
Living people
Azerbaijani literary critics
Helen Haiyan Lu is a Chinese American biomedical engineer and the Percy K. and Vida L. W. Hudson professor of biomedical engineering at the Columbia University Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science. Her work focuses on understanding and developing therapies in complex tissue systems, especially the interface between soft tissue and bone.
Education
Lu studied bioengineering at the University of Pennsylvania for her undergraduate and doctoral degrees. Her thesis focused on characterization of bioactive glasses. Lu completed postdoctoral fellowships with Cato T. Laurencin at Drexel University (1998-00) and David Kaplan at Tufts University (2001).
Career
Lu has been a faculty member at Columbia since 2001, where she directs the biomaterials and interface tissue engineering laboratory. She has been a full professor in biomedical engineering since 2014, and has also held appointments in the department of dental and craniofacial bioengineering. Lu is a member of the Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine International Society American continental council.
Her work in regenerative engineering includes developing scaffolds for stem cell growth, for which she was honored by Presidential Early Career Award in 2010. In 2011, Lu was elected a Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering.
Lu has studied biomaterials for regeneration of tendons and ligaments extensively, focusing on bioinspired approaches. In particular, her recent research has focused on rotator cuff repair, although potential applications extend to any soft tissue-bone interface repairs. Lu has said that integrative tissue engineering will eventually "pave the way for total limb regeneration."
Awards and honors
2005 Y-ROBOTS Award for young investigator in orthopedic biomechanics and sports medicine
2005 Wallace H. Coulter Foundation Early Career Award in Translational Research
2008 Society for Biomaterials Young Investigator Award
2010 Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers
References
University of Pennsylvania alumni
American women engineers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American biomedical engineers
American people of Chinese descent
21st-century American engineers
Fellows of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering
Columbia University faculty
21st-century American women
Eugeniu Voinescu (commonly Eugen; 26 May 1842, Iași – 6 May 1909, Bucharest) was a Romanian diplomat and painter, who specialized in maritime scenes.
Biography
Following the wishes of his family, he originally studied law and literature. After spending some time studying in Athens, he went to Paris where he befriended the French artist, Gustave Courbet, who stimulated his interest in painting directly from nature. In 1869, he was awarded a prize at the Salon.
As a result of his legal studies, he also served as Romanian consul general in Budapest (1879), Istanbul (1882), and Odessa (1883-1888). While in Odessa, he became acquainted with Ivan Aivazovsky, who helped him develop his interest in marine painting. In 1889, he held his first major exhibition at a salon held in the new Romanian Athenaeum.
Although he was lauded as Romania's best maritime artist by Nicolae Iorga, he also painted portraits and genre works, as well as historical and biblical scenes. An important aspect of his career is that he was financially independent, so his painting always remained a hobby, even when he participated in decorating churches, such as the Cathedral of Saint Charalambos in Turnu Măgurele and the Church of Saint Nicholas in Bucharest. He was also one of the founders of the School of Decorative Arts at the Bucharest National University of Arts.
In 2011, Poșta Română issued a series of four commemorative stamps honoring Romanian artists, and one of Voinescu's paintings was chosen for the 2.10 Lei denomination.
Selected paintings
References
External links
Arcadja Auctions: More works by Voinescu.
1842 births
1909 deaths
Artists from Iași
Marine art
Diplomats from Iași
19th-century Romanian painters
Frank Varey (31 March 1908 in Eldwick, England – February 1988 in Sheffield, England) was a former international speedway rider who featured in the Speedway World Championship finals in 1937 and 1938. He also featured in two-Star Riders' Championships, the forerunner to the World Championship, in 1932 and 1933.
Career summary
Rider
Varey began his speedway career competing in open meetings in 1928 before signing for the Belle Vue Aces who had joined the newly formed Northern League in 1929. Varey began succeeding quickly but had a reputation of being a hard, uncompromising rider which often led him to disciplinary problems with speedway authorities, confrontations and occasional scuffles with other riders and on several occasions needing police escorts from stadiums after on-track action upset the home fans at other tracks.
During the winter of 1929-1930, Varey rode in meetings in Argentina, where the local fans gave him the nickname of El Dibalo Rojo (The Red Devil) which further established his tough image even further.
Varey was very successful at Belle Vue. After being made captain in 1931 following the retirement of his friend and rival Arthur Franklyn, the team won the National League Championship four seasons in a row from 1933 to 1936 and were leading in the 1939 season until it was abandoned due to the outbreak of World War II. The Aces also won the National Trophy in those same four seasons.
Varey was selected to ride for England in the first ever Ashes Test Match series against Australia and was awarded the captaincy in the test held at Belle Vue.
He continued to ride during the war and in 1944 won the British Wartime Championship.
Promoter
At the end of 1945 he decided to retire from racing and began promoting speedway at the Owlerton Stadium in Sheffield, staying as promoter of the Sheffield Tigers until 1950 before a spell promoting the Edinburgh Monarchs. Varey restarted speedway at Sheffield in 1960 in the Provincial League and remained until ill health forced him to relinquish control.
Varey returned to Belle Vue as team manager following the death of Dent Oliver the previous year but despite ongoing health problems he still helped with track preparation at Sheffield.
Varey died in February 1988.
World Final Appearances
1937 - London, Wembley Stadium - 15th - 3pts + 8 semi-final points
1938 - London, Wembley Stadium - 17th - 0pts + 4 semi-final points
Players cigarette cards
Varey is listed as number 46 of 50 in the 1930s Player's cigarette card collection.
References
1908 births
1988 deaths
British speedway riders
English motorcycle racers
Belle Vue Aces riders
Speedway promoters
Mary Agnes Kaiser (June 11, 1948 – July 10, 2011) was an American chemist. She worked at E. I. DuPont de Nemours and Company, where she was the first woman promoted to Senior Research Fellow. A woman scientist of distinction, she was internationally known for her work in environmental analytical chemistry.
Early life and education
Kaiser was born in Pittston, Pennsylvania on June 11, 1948, to Fredolin Kaiser and Agnes Regina Searfoss Kaiser and grew up in Exeter, Pennsylvania. She attended Wilkes College and obtained the Bachelor's degree in chemistry in 1970. She received her Master's degree from Saint Joseph's University in 1972, and a PhD in analytical chemistry from Villanova University in 1976. Subsequently, she spent a year as a Graham Perdue Fellow at the University of Georgia, where she worked with Professor Lockhart Burgess (Buck) Rogers.
Career and research
In 1977, Kaiser began working the DuPont Company, where she was the first woman to be promoted to the level of Senior Research Fellow. Kaiser was an active member of the American Chemical Society, the Chromatography Forum of the Delaware Valley, the Eastern Analytical Symposium, and the Federation of Analytical Chemistry and Spectroscopy Societies. In 1985, she was the second woman ever elected Chair of the American Chemical Society's Division of Analytical Chemistry, and the first in the modern era. She is the only person to have served as the President of the Eastern Analytical Symposium and as Chair of the Governing Board of the Federation of Analytical Chemistry and Spectroscopy Societies. For her work in environmental chemistry at the DuPont Company, she became internationally known for the analysis of fluorine compounds in the environment.
Publications
Aside from journal articles on various aspects of environmental analytical chemistry, in 1982, Kaiser and Robert L. Grob published Environmental Problem-Solving Using Gas Chromatography. The book became a best-seller within the field.
Personal life
Kaiser was married to Professor Cecil R. Dybowski on May 12, 1979, at Villanova Chapel at Villanova University. They had a daughter, Marta M. Dybowski, Esquire. Kaiser died on July 10, 2011, in Newark, Delaware, of the effects of metastatic breast cancer.
Awards
2009, ACS Delaware Section Award for "conspicuous scientific achievement"
2004, Award for distinguished service in the advancement of analytical chemistry, ACS Division of Analytical Chemistry
Villanova University Founders Award
Chromatography Forum of the Delaware Valley Award
References
American women chemists
DuPont people
Villanova University alumni
1948 births
2011 deaths
21st-century American women
Minuscule 854 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε39 (von Soden), is a 13th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has complex content.
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 467 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 28 lines per page.
It contains a commentary of Theophylact's authorship.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with a mixture of other text-types. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster 2148 in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 it represents textual family Kx.
History
According to the colophon the manuscript was written in 1286.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by F. H. A. Scrivener (666e) and C. R. Gregory (854e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Gr. 641), in Rome.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Similar manuscripts
Minuscule 855
Minuscule 856
References
Further reading
External links
Greek New Testament minuscules
13th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Vatican Library
The Tuerto Formation is a geologic formation exposed around the Ortiz Mountains of New Mexico. It is estimated to be of Pliocene to Pleistocene age, and forms the gravel cap of the Ortiz surface, one of the first pediment surfaces recognized by geologists.
Description
The Tuerto Formation consists primarily of conglomerate with minor sandstone. The clasts (rock fragments) making up the conglomerate consist largely of hornfels and Ortiz porphyry eroded off the Ortiz Mountains and Cerrillos Hills and deposited as a thin alluvial fan in the Hagan basin. Beds containing limestone clasts eroded off the east slopes of the Sandia Mountains are sometimes also included in the formation. The formation is informally divided into a lower well-cemented cliff-forming member and an upper poorly cemented member.
The formation lies with angular unconformity on the Blackshare Formation. It is distinguished from the coeval Ancha Formation in containing mostly volcanic clasts, while the Ancha Formation is rich in granite clasts.
The unit underlies the Ortiz surface, one of the first pediment surfaces recognized, by I.H. Ogilvie in 1905.
History
The unit was first named the Tuerto Gravel by C.E. Stearns in 1953 for exposures southwest of Santa Fe, New Mexico. Daniel Koning, Sean Connell, Frank Pazzaglia, and William McIntosh described the unit as the Tuerto formation in 2020, and Connell first argued for formalizing it at formation rank in a footnote to a 2002 paper. It was so treated in a draft geologic map of the Hagan area in 2002.
References
Bibliography
Neogene formations of New Mexico
Rajput architecture is a architectural style notable for the forts and palaces of the many Rajput rulers, which are popular tourist attractions, many of the Rajput forts are UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Rajput architecture represents different types of buildings, which may broadly be classed either as religious These include temples, forts, stepwells, gardens, and palaces. The forts were specially built for defense and military purposes. The Mughal architecture greatly influenced indigenous Rajput styles of art and architecture.
Rajput architecture continued well into the 20th and 21st centuries, as the rulers of the princely states of British India commissioned vast palaces and other buildings, such as the Albert Hall Museum, Lalgarh Palace, and Umaid Bhawan Palace. These usually incorporated European styles as well, a practice which eventually led to the Indo-Saracenic style.
The Hill Forts of Rajasthan (Amer, Chittor, Gagron, Jaisalmer, Kumbhalgarh, Ranthambore), a group of six forts built by various Rajput kingdoms and principalities during the medieval period, are among the best examples of Rajput architecture. The ensemble is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Other forts include the Mehrangarh Fort and Jaigarh Fort.
Rajasthan
Forts, Palaces and Temples
The Hill Forts of Rajasthan (Amer, Chittor, Gagron, Jaisalmer, Kumbhalgarh, Ranthambore), a group of six forts built by various Rajput kingdoms and principalities during the medieval period are among the best examples of Rajput Architecture. The ensemble is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Other forts include the Mehrangarh Fort and Jaigarh Fort.
The walled city of Jaipur was formed in 1727 by Kacchwaha Rajput ruler Jai Singh II, and is "a unique example of traditional Hindu town planning", following the precepts set out in many Hindu texts. Subsequently, the City Palace, Hawa Mahal, Rambagh Palace, Jal Mahal and Albert Hall Museum were also built. Udaipur also has several palaces, including the Bagore-ki-Haveli, now a museum, built by an 18th-century chief minister.
The rulers of the princely states of Rajputana continued the tradition of building elaborate palaces almost until independence, with examples such as the Lalgarh Palace in Bikaner, Monsoon Palace in Udaipur, and Umaid Bhawan Palace in Jodhpur. Many of these are in versions of Indo-Saracenic architecture, often using European architects.
Cenotaphs
A number of the Rajput dynasties built groups of cenotaph memorials for their members, mostly using the chatri form, and often at the traditional site for cremations. These include the Ahar Cenotaphs outside Udaipur, and Bada Bagh near Jaisalmer. Individual examples include the Jaswant Thada at Jodphur, and Chaurasi Khambon ki Chhatri, Bundi; there are many others.
Gujarat
Māru-Gurjara architecture, or Solaṅkī style, is a distinctive style that began in Rajputana and neighbouring Gujarat around the 11th century by the Solanki Rajputs. Examples of Solanki Rajput architecture include Taranga Jain temple, Rudra Mahalaya Temple, and Modhera Sun Temple. The Dilwara Jain Temples of Mount Abu built between the 11th and 13th centuries CE , The Rani ki vav was also built during this period.
The small but richly carved Hindu Ambika Mata temple in Jagat, built before 960, and The five Kiradu temples, of the 11th or 12th century, are examples of the Pratihar Rajput style. The Jagdish Temple, Udaipur (completed 1651), is an example of a Hindu temple using the Māru-Gurjara style at a late date; in this case a commission of Jagat Singh I, ruler of Mewar. On the exteriors, this style is distinguished from other north Indian temple styles of the period
The main shikhara tower usually has many urushringa subsidiary spirelets on it, and two smaller side-entrances with porches are common in larger temples.
Madhya Pradesh
The Khajuraho Group of Monuments were built by the Chandela Rajput rulers from 885 AD to 1050 AD.
The Gwalior Fort is a hill fort near Gwalior. The fort has existed at least since the 10th century, and the inscriptions and monuments found within what is now the fort campus indicate that it may have existed as early as the beginning of the 6th century. The fort is considered among the finest of Rajput architecture. Most part of the present day fort was built by Man Singh Tomar, the Rajput king who ruled the region from 1486 to 1516.
The Orchha state was founded in 1531 (the 16th century AD) by the Bundela Rajput chief, Rudra Pratap Singh, who became the first King of Orchha, (r. 1501-1531) and also built the Fort of Orchha. The Chaturbhuj Temple was built during the reign of Mughal emperor Akbar, by the queen of Orchha, Ganesh Kunwar, while Raj Mandir was built by 'Raja Madhukar Shah' during his reign, 1554 to 1591. The Jahangir Mahal was built in 17th century by Vir Singh Deo as a symbol of welcome to the Mughal emperor Jahangir.
The Singorgarh fort was built by Raja Belo from the Chandela dynasty of Mahoba.
Uttar Pradesh
Many Rajput dynasties ruled over Uttar Pradesh in the medieval era. Many forts, palaces and temples were built by the Rajputs. The Kalinjar Fort was built by the Chandela Rajput dynasty in the 10th century. Built on a rocky hill, the fort was also used by the Solankis of Rewa. The Jaichandra fort was built by the Rathore Rajputs of Kannauj.
The Jhansi Fort is attributed to the Bundela Rajput ruler Raja Bir Singh Ju Deo. The Sun temple and forts of Charkhari and Mangal Garh in the Mahoba district were built by the Chandela rulers of Bundelkhand.
Pakistan
The forts of Derawar and Umerkot were built by Hindu Rajput rulers during the medieval era, and are examples of early Rajput architecture.
Gallery
References
Rajput architecture
The Phantom is a 2021 American documentary written and directed by Patrick Forbes. It follows Carlos DeLuna, who was arrested in 1983 for the murder of a woman, and protested his innocence until he was executed, stating another Carlos had committed the crime. Doug Liman serves as an executive producer.
Synopsis
It follows Carlos DeLuna, who was arrested in 1983 for the murder of a woman, and protested his innocence he was executed, stating another had committed the crime.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on June 14, 2021. Prior to, Greenwich Entertainment acquired distribution rights to the film, and set it for a July 2, 2021, release.
References
External links
2021 films
2021 documentary films
American documentary films
Films about murder
Documentary films about death
Documentary films about capital punishment
Documentary films about crime in the United States
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Alone is a multilingual action film directed by JKS. Titled Alone in Kannada and Karaioram in Tamil. The film features Simran, Nikesha Patel and Vasistha, Ganesh and Ineya in the supporting roles. The Kannada version of the film released in November 2015, while the Tamil film released in January 2016.
Cast
Simran as Police Inspector (guest appearance)
Nikesha Patel as Priya / Riya Twins Spirit
Ineya as Ramya
Vasistha as John
Arun as Arun
Radharavi as Ramya's father
Ganesh Prasad
Shanthamma
Kannada version
Tabla Nani
Dileep
Bullet Prakash
Mangaluru Suresh
Tamil version
Manobala as Inspector
Singampuli as Vettukili
Bullet Prakash as Siluvai
Production
The film was announced in September 2014 to be a Kannada horror film titled Alone, but subsequently developed into a multilingual venture. Nikesha Patel was signed to play the lead role, while Kamna Jethmalani was considered for another role. Kamna was later replaced by Ineya for the second leading female role by the launch ceremony of the film. Vasistha was revealed to be playing a leading role, while M. S. Bhaskar and Singampuli were also noted to be a part of the cast.
In April 2015, Simran was signed on to portray a police officer in the film, and was revealed to be making a guest appearance. Sunil Shetty also reportedly worked on the film, making a special appearance as a CBI officer, but later pulled out of the commitment. Reports also emerged of a rift between actresses Nikesha Patel and Ineya during the making of the film. The Telugu version titled Leela is yet to release.
Soundtrack
Songs by Sujith Shetty.
Kannada
"Nille Nille Née Nille" - Sujeet Shetty, Kushboo Jain
"Hey Mayajala Mayajalavo" - Tanya
"Hathira Hathira" - Kushboo Jain
"Padhe Padhe" - Kusboo Jain
Release
The Kannada version of the film, Alone, had a theatrical release during November 2015 and won mixed reviews. A critic from Indiaglitz.com noted "the first half is sickening" and "one would feel bored", "but the second half is such a magnificent handling from the director". The Tamil film released on 1 January 2016 and garnered similar reviews to the Kannada version with a critic noting, "an interesting shivered film, the first half drags to the sluggish has been even out and tempo levels in the second half".
References
External links
2010s Tamil-language films
2010s Kannada-language films
2015 films
Indian multilingual films
Indian thriller films
2015 multilingual films
2015 thriller films
Hutchins is an unincorporated community in Scott County, Kansas, United States.
References
Further reading
External links
Scott County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Unincorporated communities in Scott County, Kansas
Unincorporated communities in Kansas
Junjala is a small village in Nagaur district, Rajasthan, India.
Location
Junjala is located at a distance of 41 km from Nagaur in the south direction on Nagaur - Merta Road. Nearest railway station is also Mundwa or Nagaur.
Fair
Gusainji temple is situated at village. People come from Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. Fairs are organized here twice on chaitra sudi 1-2 and Ashwin sudi 1-2.
References
Villages in Nagaur district
Stampede Airport is a public use airport located 25 nautical miles (29 mi, 46 km) northeast of the central business district of Kantishna, a community in the Denali Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airport is located in the Denali National Park and Preserve and owned by the U.S. National Park Service.
Facilities and aircraft
Stampede Airport has one runway designated 15/33 with a turf surface measuring 1,960 by 40 feet (597 x 12 m). In past years, the airstrip was 4,000 feet long but now about half is grown over with 10+ foot tall trees. For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2005, the airport had 30 aircraft operations, an average of 2 per month: 67% air taxi and 33% general aviation. The National Park Service has restricted this airstrip for commercial landings though it is open to private landings.
References
External links
Topographic map from USGS The National Map
Airports in Denali Borough, Alaska
National Park Service
Alfred Eisele (26 April 1947 – 28 February 2014) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1969.
References
External links
1947 births
2014 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Inline skating is a multi-disciplinary sport and can refer to a number of activities practiced using inline skates. Inline skates typically have two to five polyurethane wheels depending on the style of practice, arranged in a single line by a metal or plastic frame on the underside of a boot. The in-line design allows for greater speed and maneuverability than traditional (or "quad") roller skates. Following this basic design principle, inline skates can be modified to varying degrees to accommodate niche disciplines.
Inline skating is commonly referred to by the proprietary eponym rollerblading, or just blading, due to the popular brand of inline skates, Rollerblade.
History
The German branch of SKF developed and produced inline-skates in 1978 with wheels for hockey or for the street. The product was stopped after one year as the management did not want a consumer product in its portfolio.
Other inline skates were developed as a substitute for ice skates, Life magazine published a photo of American skater Eric Heiden, training for the 1980 Olympics, using such skates on a Wisconsin road.
In 1980, a group of ice hockey players in Minneapolis, Minnesota, were looking for a way to practice during the summer. Scott and Brennan Olson formed the company Rollerblade, Inc., to sell skates with four polyurethane wheels arranged in a straight line on the bottom of a padded boot. They sold the company in 1984 to Bob Naegele jr., who advertised to the general public and sold millions.
Due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, World Skate banned Russian and Belarusian athletes and officials from its competitions, and will not stage any events in Russia or Belarus in 2022.
Disciplines
Aggressive inline
Aggressive skating (referred to by participants as rollerblading, blading, skating or rolling) is a sub-discipline primarily focused on the execution of tricks in the action sports canon. Aggressive inline skates are specially modified to accommodate grinds and the jumping of large gaps. Aggressive skates are identifiable by a prominent gap in between the second and third wheels (known as the H-Block) which allows for grinds perpendicular to the direction of the wheels. A hard plastic surface on the sole of the boot known as a "sole plate" or "soul plate" allows for grinds parallel to the wheels. From these grind surfaces comes a lexicon of well-known grind stances, though sliding can occur on any surface of the boot or wheels. Aggressive skates typically have much smaller wheels than regular inline skates. The small size allows for more freedom when grinding as there is less risk of catching on obstacles. These smaller wheels feature a flat profile to accommodate the impact from jumping tall heights.
Alpine skating
Alpine skating owes its existence to skiing because many skiers commonly practiced it in the summer months during its origins, as it helped them to train despite the lack of snow. Skaters complete a course marked by gates while descending at high speeds. Its basic movements are therefore similar to those of downhill skiing and many athletes regularly practice both modalities.
Artistic/figure skating
Artistic roller skaters use either quad or inline skates. The sport looks very similar to its counterpart on ice, but more affordable in warmer climates. Inline figure skating has been included in the world championships since 2002.
Fitness/recreational skating
Recreational skaters usually skate on roads, bike lanes, or paved trails. They might be skating solo for transportation or fitness, skating with friends, or participating in an organized event. Because urban areas tend to have more hazards from traffic, many cities have organized social groups to make skating safer.
Fitness skaters tend to skate more frequently and go longer distances. Fitness skates typically have faster bearings and larger wheels to generate speed and cover ground more efficiently. Skaters in this category tend to skate on average. Some challenge themselves to feats of endurance skating for over .
Freestyle skating
Freestyle skating is a form of inline skating performed on flat ground and refers collectively to the disciplines for which competitions are organized by the International Freestyle Skaters Association. Currently IFSA has defined three disciplines which must be offered by any competition they sanction: freestyle slalom, speed slalom, and free jump. Two additional disciplines, high jump and jam, are also defined, but are at present considered optional.
Hockey
Roller in-line hockey is performed in a special rink on inline skates and was originally thought up by ice hockey players who wanted to continue training in their off season. Hockey rollerblades have wheel sizes generally in the 72–80mm range. The toe end of the boot is characteristically squared off. The feel of the boot is generally the same as ice skates, so the switch off between hockey skates and hockey is diminished, leading to better in-training simulations of ice hockey.
Off-road skating
Roller soccer
Five-a-side football on skates taking place in an indoor sports hall or outside space with appropriate demarcation.
Speed skating
Also known as inline racing, speed skating is the sport of skating (usually on flat surfaces, such as roller rinks) with the intent to beat the opponent's time score or get to the finish line first.
Vert skating
A term used to refer to inline skates on a vert ramp – a half pipe with some vertical in it – usually between . Vert skating is a form of gymnastics performed with skates. The purpose of vert skating is to ride higher than the coping (which is the metal pipe on top of the ramp) and perform spins or flips. It focuses on complicated hard aerial maneuvers, such as spins and flips. The intent of the skater is to build speed until they are of sufficient height above the edge of the ramp to perform various aerial acrobatics. In competitions skaters have limited time, often less than a minute, to impress the judges by landing numerous and difficult tricks. Vert skating may occur in competition and was once part of the X Games. Vert ramps are also present in many skateparks.
References
External links
Roller sports
Michele di Pietro J.U.D. (18 January 1747 – 2 July 1821) was an Roman Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Major Penitentiary of the Apostolic Penitentiary, Prefect of the Congregation of Propaganda Fide. He was an uncle of Cardinal Camillo di Pietro.
Biography
Michele di Pietro was born in Albano Laziale, outside Rome. He was educated at the Seminary of Albano, and the La Sapienza University in Rome, where he received a doctorate in utroque iure (in both canon and civil law) on 4 June 1768.
He was ordained on 28 October 1771. He served as a Professor of civil and canon law at the University of Rome and as a lecturer of theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University. He also served as a consultor of the Congregation of the Roman and Universal Inquisition and of the Congregation of the Index. It was around this time he was created Privy chamberlain of His Holiness.
He was appointed as titular bishop of Isauriopoli on 21 February 1794 by Pope Pius VI. He was consecrated three days later in Frascati, by Cardinal Henry Benedict Stuart. He served as Apostolic delegate of Rome while there was no Vicar-General for 1798. He was promoted to the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem on 22 December 1800.
He was created and proclaimed Cardinal-Priest of Santa Maria in Via, but only in pectore, in the consistory of 23 February 1801. This was published in the consistory of 9 August 1802. He was appointed Prefect of the Congregation of Propaganda Fide on 24 May 1805, in addition to his duties in Jerusalem. He held the post until 20 May 1814. He was taken to France together with Cardinal Ercole Consalvi in December 1809 and banished to Semur-en-Auxois for not attending Napoleon's wedding with Maria Louise. He was imprisoned in the fortress of Vincennes at the end of 1810 for sending the papal order to the clergy of Paris not to recognise Jean-Siffrein Maury as Archbishop of Paris. He was appointed Major Penitentiary of the Apostolic Penitentiary ad interim in 1811, holding the post until 1814. He was freed in January 1813, and arrested again in April. He was considered responsible, together with Bartolomeo Pacca, for Pope Pius VII's retraction of his agreement with Napoleon. One of the most distinguished "black cardinals" (prohibited by Napoleon to wear red cardinalitial habit). He was made full Major Penitentiary in 1814. He opted for the order of bishops and the suburbicarian see of Albano in 1816. He was appointed Prefect of the Congregation of the Index in 1818. He opted for the suburbicarian see of Porto e Santa Rufina in 1820. He died in July 1821. His funeral took place on 5 July 1821 and he is buried in the cathedral of Albano.
References
External links
Biography
1747 births
1821 deaths
People from Albano Laziale
19th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinal-bishops of Albano
Cardinal-bishops of Porto
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishops
Members of the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith
Major Penitentiaries of the Apostolic Penitentiary
Latin Patriarchs of Jerusalem
Cardinals created by Pope Pius VII
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Hirokōshita Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 13.1 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Hirokōshita Station was opened on January 26, 1952, with the opening of the Ōwani Line. Since August 5, 1974 it has been a kan'i itaku station.
Surrounding area
Hirosaki High School
Hirosaki University
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
The karaniing (or kereb among the Temiar people or Senoi people, or pergram among the Jah Hut people) is a type of bamboo tube zither played among the Orang Asli tribal peoples of Malaysia.
The pergam variant is made with four strings (in two pairs) cut from the bamboo itself, making this instrument an idiochord. The strings are tuned in intervals of a minor third and often played for ceremonial purposes.
A variant zither called the krem is also played by the Jah Hut people, but is heterochord (strings made of a separate material) vice idiochord. Though the term krem may also be used for the karaniing by the Senoi.
References
Idiochords
Tube zithers
Bamboo musical instruments
Orang Asli musical instruments
Malaysian musical instruments
Feelin's is an album by saxophonist Teddy Edwards which was recorded in 1974 and first released on the Muse label.
Reception
In his review on Allmusic, Ken Dryden notes that "Teddy Edwards had not made a recording as a leader for quite a while at the time of this 1974 studio session for Muse, though after hearing this recording, one wonders why it took so long for someone to sign him. Focusing primarily on originals that mix hard bop and soul-jazz with a slight Latin flavor, the tenor saxophonist leads a fine sextet ."
Track listing
All compositions by Teddy Edwards except where noted.
"Bear Tracks" – 6:44
"April Love" – 6:55
"Ritta Ditta Blues" (Ray Brown) – 8:06
"Eleven Twenty Three" – 5:51
"Georgia on My Mind" (Hoagy Carmichael, Stuart Gorrell) – 6:53
"The Blue Sombrero" – 5:26
Personnel
Teddy Edwards – tenor saxophone
Conte Candoli – trumpet
Dolo Coker – piano
Ray Brown – bass
Frank Butler – drums
Jerry Steinholz – congas, percussion
References
Teddy Edwards albums
1975 albums
Muse Records albums
Albums produced by Don Schlitten
Warm & Scratchy is a free download album released in 2007 by Adult Swim (through Williams Street Records).
Track listing
TV On The Radio – "Me-I" (3:16)
The Raveonettes – "Dead Sound" (2:57)
Les Savy Fav – "The Equestrian" (3:27)
The Rapture – "Crimson Red" (3:47)
120 Days – "Justine" (2:21)
Broken Social Scene – "Canada vs. America" (6:09)
Sound Team – "Color Of The Love You Have" (4:03)
The Good, the Bad & the Queen – "The Bunting Song (Acoustic Version)" (4:02)
The Brother Kite – "Half Century" (4:04)
Jesu – "Silver (Original Beats)" (7:01)
Amusement Parks On Fire – "Back To Flash" (4:21)
Asobi Seksu – "Stay Awake" (5:32)
Fennesz – "Winter" (4:38)
Liars – "Sunset Rodeo" (4:12)
References
Albums free for download by copyright owner
Williams Street Records compilation albums
The Fountain Theatre is a theatre in Los Angeles. Along with its programming of live theatre, it's also the foremost producer of flamenco on the West Coast.
History
The Fountain Theatre was founded in Los Angeles in 1990 by co-artistic directors Deborah Lawlor (wife of Robert Lawlor) and Stephen Sachs. Simon Levy, producing director and dramaturg, joined the Fountain in 1993 as a resident director, producer, and playwright.
The Fountain Theatre's activities include a year-round season of fully produced new and established plays. It has mounted 35 world premieres; and also 31 U.S., West Coast, Southern California or Los Angeles premieres, each reflecting a unique cultural voice and serving a distinctive ethnic community. The Fountain also offers a full season of multi-ethnic dance, the foremost presenters of flamenco in Los Angeles, a new plays developmental series, educational outreach programs, and national/international tours. Fountain Theatre projects have been seen in Los Angeles, New York City, San Francisco, Santa Barbara, Seattle, Chicago, Massachusetts, Florida, New Jersey, Minneapolis, London and Edinburgh, among other cities and countries.
Flamenco
The Fountain Theatre showcases flamenco every month, and is the foremost producer of flamenco on the West Coast.
The theatre is featured prominently in the 2011 documentary, Kumpanía: Flamenco Los Angeles. Live performances and interviews with flamenco dancers and musicians filmed in the theatre are presented, and co-artistic director Deborah Lawlor is also interviewed in the film.
Awards and honors
Fountain Theatre productions have won more than 220 awards for all areas of production, performance, and design. The Fountain Theatre has received more nominations and won more awards than any other intimate theater in the history of the Ovation Awards.
The Fountain has been honored with a Certificate of Appreciation from the Los Angeles City Council for demonstrating years of artistic excellence and "enhancing the cultural life of Los Angeles". It was the recipient of the 2004 Hollywood Arts Council's "Charlie" Award for Live Theatre and Significant Artistic Contribution to Hollywood. In 2009, the LA Weekly named the Fountain Theatre as "one of the Best Theatre Companies of the Decade". In 2011, Broadway World said, "The Fountain Theatre is by far the best and the brightest that Los Angeles has to offer." In 2012 the Wall Street Journal declared "The Fountain Theatre is one of this country's best intimate regional houses."
Productions
The Normal Heart (2013) by Larry Kramer
Heart Song (2013) by Stephen Sachs
On the Spectrum (2013) by Ken LaZebnik
In the Red and Brown Water (2012–2013) by Tarell Alvin McCraney
The Blue Iris (2012) by Athol Fugard
Cyrano (2012) by Edmond Rostand, adapted by Stephen Sachs
El Nogalar (2012) by Tanya Saracho
Bakersfield Mist (2011) by Stephen Sachs – an NNPN Rolling World Premiere
A House Not Meant to Stand (2011) by Tennessee Williams
The Train Driver (2010–2011) by Athol Fugard
Opus (2010) by Michael Hollinger
The Ballad of Emmett Till (2010) by Ifa Bayeza
Shining City (2009) by Conor McPherson
Coming Home (2009) by Athol Fugard
The Accomplices (2009) by Bernard Weinraub; remounted at the Odyssey Theatre
Photograph 51 (2009) by Anna Ziegler
Gem of the Ocean (2009) by August Wilson
The Accomplices (2008) by Bernard Weinraub
And Her Hair Went With Her (2008) by Zina Camblin – an NNPN Rolling World Premiere
Victory (2008) by Athol Fugard
The Milk Train Doesn't Stop Here Any more (2007) by Tennessee Williams
Taking Flight (2007) by Adriana Sevan
Sojourn at Ararat (2007) by Gerald Papasian and Nora Armani
On the Couch with Nora Armani (2007) by Nora Armani
Miss Julie (2007) by August Strindberg, adapted by Stephen Sachs
Master Class (2007) by Terrence McNally at Santa Barbara Theatre
Taxi to Jannah (2006) by Mark Sickman
The Gimmick (2006) by Dael Orlandersmith
Little Armenia (2006) by Lory Bedikian, Aram Kouyoumdjian, and Shahe Mankerian
Joe Turner's Come and Gone (2006) by August Wilson
What I Heard About Iraq (2005) adapted by Simon Levy
Acts of Desire (2005) by Yussef El Guindi
Yellowman (2005) by Dael Orlandersmith
Exits and Entrances (2005) by Athol Fugard
Daisy in the Dreamtime (2004) by Lynne Kaufman, at Inside the Ford Amphitheatre
Master Class (2003–2004) by Terrence McNally
Going to St. Ives (2003) by Lee Blessing
After the Fall (2002) by Arthur Miller
Central Avenue (2001) by Stephen Sachs
Night of the Iguana (2000–2001) by Tennessee Williams
The Darker Face of the Earth (2000) by Rita Dove
Selected actors
Alan Blumenfeld
Seamus Dever
Cameron Dye
Bob Hiltermann
Adam Huss
Juanita Jennings
Karen Kondazian
Troy Kotsur
Sandy Martin
Tracy Middendorf
Iona Morris
Jenny O'Hara
Lisa Pelikan
Tonya Pinkins
Larry Poindexter
Priscilla Pointer
Maya Lynne Robinson
Jacqueline Schultz
Esther Scott
Malachi Throne
Nick Ullett
Karen Malina White
References
External links
Official website
Theatre in Los Angeles
Theatres completed in 1990
Flamenco
Flamenco groups
Viscount Castlemaine is a title that has been created three times in the Peerage of Ireland. The first creation came in 1628. For more information on this creation, see Viscount Monson of Castlemaine. The second creation came in 1718. For more information on this creation, see Earl Tylney. The third creation came in 1822. for more information on this creation, see Baron Castlemaine.
Viscounts Castlemaine (1718 creation)
see Earl Tylney
Viscounts Castlemaine (1822 creation)
see Baron Castlemaine
See also
Earl of Castlemaine
References
Extinct viscountcies in the Peerage of Ireland
Noble titles created in 1718
Noble titles created in 1822
Noble titles created for UK MPs
1718 establishments in Ireland
Thomas Dowd may refer to:
Tommy Dowd (baseball) (1869–1933), baseball player
Tommy Dowd (Gaelic footballer) (born 1969), former Meath player
Tom Dowd (1925–2002), American recording engineer
Thomas Dowd (bishop) (born 1970), Canadian Catholic bishop
Tom Dowd (game designer), role-playing game designer
Feudal fascism, also revolutionary-feudal totalitarianism, were official terms used by the post-Mao Zedong Chinese Communist Party to designate the ideology and rule of Lin Biao and the Gang of Four during the Cultural Revolution. In 1979, the Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, Ye Jianying, described Mao Zedong's reign as a “feudal-fascist dictatorship” due to his revolutionary terror based cult of personality, nationalism and authoritarianism despite superficially socialist policies.
Rationale
In China's reform and opening up era, the Communist Party used the phrase to frame the excesses of the Cultural Revolution as coming from individual actors, such as those in the Gang of Four, rather than to the Party as a whole. After the death of Lin Biao and the conclusion of the Cultural Revolution, the official Communist Party interpretation was that Lin Biao and the Gang of Four represented the remnants of feudal ideology in China who had used the terrorist methods of fascism to suppress people's democracy. The methods criticized as feudal fascism included autocracy, ritualized dogma, mango worship, and military repression. It also referred to a general lack of stable integration between the party and the state, which came from abuse of the mass line and a lack of regard to the Yan'an process for handling inter-party dissent.
Effects
In 1977, the People's Daily ran an editorial calling for more elections and other democratic institutions for China in order to prevent a repeat of feudal fascism. One line from the Constitution of the Chinese Communist Party was considered particularly emblematic of feudal fascism and was stripped during the post-Cultural Revolution 10th Congress: "Mao Zedong Thought is Marxism–Leninism of the era in which imperialism is heading for total collapse and socialism is advancing to world-wide victory". Soon afterwards, the reformist leaders Hu Yaobang and Deng Xiaoping began to rehabilitate citizens who had been labeled as capitalist roaders, bad elements and counter-revolutionaries. This sharp rise in political freedom led to the Democracy Wall movement, with some dissidents suggesting that the period of "feudal fascism" began much earlier than the Cultural Revolution. The movement grew to be such threatening to party rule that it was suppressed and reform proceeded more cautiously thereafter.
References
Political ideologies
Feudalism in Asia
Maoist terminology
Fascism
Ideology of the Chinese Communist Party
Elmsvale is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia in the Musquodoboit Valley.
References
Explore HRM
Elmsvale on Destination Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Nino Serdarušić (; born 13 December 1996) is a Croatian tennis player. He has a career-high singles ranking of World No. 183 achieved on 4 April 2022. Serdarušić had a career high junior ranking of No. 21, and partnering Petros Chrysochos, made the doubles semifinals of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships boys' doubles.
Professional career
He made his ATP main draw debut at the 2014 ATP Vegeta Croatia Open Umag in the doubles event, partnering Dino Marcan, losing in the first round to the second seeds Pablo Cuevas and Horacio Zeballos in three sets.
In 2016, he made his first appearance in an ATP singles draw - also in the Croatia Open - losing in straight sets to Teymuraz Gabashvili.
In 2018, he played his first Challenger final in Ostrava, Czechia and he lost against Arthur De Greef 6:4,4:6,2:6. In 2021, he reached his second Challenger final in Verona, Italy where he was defeated by Holger Rune.
Personal life
In 2022, after losing in Australian Open qualifying, his brother and coach, Filip Serdarušić, was deported due to being unvaccinated.
Challengers and Futures/World Tennis Tour finals
Singles: 22 (7–15)
Doubles: 31 (23–8)
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Croatian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Zagreb
Tennis players at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Pilcrow is a novel by Adam Mars-Jones first published in 2008 by Faber.
Plot
The book is in the form of a memoir by an adult John Cromer telling the story of his childhood and adolescence in the '50s and early '60s. He develops Still's disease at an early age and is confined to bed under a misdiagnosis of rheumatic fever. When the nature of his disease is finally realised he is transferred to the Canadian Red Cross Memorial Hospital in Taplow, Berkshire under the care of Dr. Barbara Ansell but by then he has very little movement left in his joints. Later he moves to a special school in Farley Castle where he is reliant on the 'able-bodied' to help him move around, and realises that he is homosexual.
Reception
It has received mixed reviews; as James Wood comments in the London Review of Books, 'Pilcrow is a peculiar, original, utterly idiosyncratic book. It is admirably courageous, both in what it heaps on us, and in what it holds back. While it drops us deep into the every day, it boldly refuses the every day consolations of plot and dramatic structure.'
Continuation
The book finishes with John Cromer at the age of sixteen. The next installment of his life is called Cedilla and was published in 2011.
References
External links
Book Reviews - Pilcrow by Adam Mars-Jones gives links to reviews from The Observer, New Statesman, Times Literary Supplement, The Guardian, The Sunday Times, The Independent and The Daily Telegraph.
2008 British novels
Novels with gay themes
Novels about diseases and disorders
Novels set in Berkshire
British bildungsromans
Medical novels
Faber and Faber books
British LGBT novels
2000s LGBT novels
Panovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 30 as of 2002.
Geography
Panovo is located 46 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Srodino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
USS Sarah Bruen was a wooden schooner acquired by the United States Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War.
After being installed with a large (13") mortar, Sarah Bruen was used by the Union Navy, in its blockade of Confederate States of America ports and waterways, as a gunship whose main task was to bombard elevated targets which could not be reached by standard cannon or rifled guns.
Commissioned in New York City in 1862
She was purchased by the Union Navy at New York City on 3 September 1861, and was commissioned at the New York Navy Yard on 3 February 1862, Acting Master Abraham Christian in command.
Civil War service
New Orleans operations
The schooner was assigned to Commander David Dixon Porter's mortar flotilla and proceeded to Ship Island, Mississippi to support Flag Officer David Farragut's attack on New Orleans, Louisiana. The mortar schooners shelled the Southern riverside forts for a week before Farragut's deep draft ships raced past the Confederate batteries and captured New Orleans, Louisiana.
Mississippi River operations
The schooners sailed to the entrance to Mobile Bay which they blockaded until Flag Officer Farragut called them back to the Mississippi River to bombard new and increasingly strong Confederate batteries at Vicksburg. They shelled the Southern emplacements at that river fortress during Farragut's dash past Vicksburg to meet Flag Officer Davis's Western Flotilla.
While Farragut was above the forts awaiting troops for a joint Army-Navy attack on Vicksburg, the collapse of General George B. McClellan's peninsula thrust toward Richmond caused the Secretary of the Navy to recall Porter and twelve of his schooners for duty supporting Union Army operations in the Richmond/Washington theater. However, Sarah Bruen was one of the mortar schooners left on the Mississippi River. She remained in the West Gulf Blockading Squadron until ordered north in the spring of 1864.
Ordered to the East Coast
After repairs at New York, she was ordered to Port Royal, South Carolina, on 27 June 1864. The remainder of her active service in the Civil War was performed on blockade duty inside Charleston Harbor's bar.
Decommissioning
She was decommissioned at New York City on 6 July 1865 and was sold at public auction on 15 August 1865 to a Mr. Rhinehart.
See also
References
Schooners of the United States Navy
Ships of the Union Navy
Gunboats of the United States Navy
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
1862 ships
The Golden Onion () was a Dutch film award that was awarded to the worst Dutch movies, actors and directors. It was intended to counterpoint the Golden Calf-awards, just like the Razzie counterpoints the Academy Awards.
The Award was first awarded in 2005, and was created by a group of Dutch fourth year students from the Netherlands Film and Television Academy. They, along with movie journalists, formed the jury.
References
External links
De Gouden Ui verkiezing on Bbrussen.nl
Rob Houwen
Dutch film awards
Charlie Walters (born 1 April 1897 – 13 May 1971) was a professional footballer who played for Oxford City, Tottenham Hotspur, Fulham and Mansfield Town. He was also an amateur cricketer. He was born in Sandford-on-Thames, Oxfordshire and died in Kidlington, Oxfordshire.
Football career
Walters joined Tottenham from Oxford City in 1919. He made 117 appearances in all competitions for the club and collected a winners' medal in the 1921 FA Cup Final. Walters joined Fulham in 1926 and featured in a further 18 matches before ending his career at Mansfield Town.
Cricket career
Walters made his debut for Oxfordshire in the 1922 Minor Counties Championship against Cambridgeshire. He played Minor counties cricket for Oxfordshire from 1922 to 1952, which is the joint second longest playing time for the county, level with Keith Arnold and exceeded only by Stewart Lee. He played a total of 129 matches for the county. He played first-class for a combined Minor Counties cricket team on four occasions: in 1930 against Wales and Lancashire, in 1931 against the touring New Zealanders, and in 1934 against Oxford University. In his four first-class matches, he scored 47 runs at a batting average of 11.75, with a high score of 25. With the ball he took 3 wickets at a bowling average of 49.33, with best figures of 2/72.
Honours
1921 FA Cup Final Winner
References
1897 births
1971 deaths
People from South Oxfordshire District
English footballers
English Football League players
Oxford City F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
English cricketers
Oxfordshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
Association football central defenders
FA Cup Final players
Barbara Nichol (born c. 1956) is a Canadian writer.
She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, the daughter of John Lang Nichol and Elizabeth Fellowes, founder of the Equinox Gallery, and was educated at Westcot Elementary School and Crofton House School in Vancouver, at Elmwood School in Ottawa, The Branson School in Ross, California and St Clare's, Oxford. She attended the University of Toronto and the University of British Columbia but did not graduate from either. She has written and produced over 25 radio documentaries for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and has written comedy and humour for radio, magazines and television. Nichol wrote scripts for the Canadian version of Sesame Street from 1985 to 1994 and worked as a script editor on the international edition of the show.
In 1996, she won a Genie Award and a Golden Spire Award for Best Short Film under 15 minutes for The Home for Blind Women.
She was a founding editor of the Canadian magazine The Walrus.
Barbara wrote the book and lyrics (music by Tom Bellman) for the Canadian musical "The Sparrow Songs: A Country Song String" which was featured at The Summerworks Festival in August 2011, ran at Hugh's Room in Toronto and the Festival of Ideas and Creation at Canadian Stage in 2012.
She has received a Canadian Juno award, for her original, multi platinum recording of Beethoven Lives Upstairs, a Canal + award for The Home For Blind Women, has been a Governor General's Award finalist for her children's book Dippers'and won the Mr. Christie Prize for "Biscuits in The Cupboard", a book of verse'. She was nominated for a Juno Award as well for producing and directing the children's play series "A Story For A Child." The series was released as a recording by BMI.
She received an Emmy nomination for her Sesame Street special "Basil Hears a Noise."
Her sisters are Marjorie Nichol, a radio producer and journalist, most recently the executive producer of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's "Sunday Edition", and Sarah Milroy, a prominent critic and writer on the visual arts, now the Head Curator of the McMichael Gallery.
Selected books
Beethoven lives upstairs (1989), Beethoven Lives Upstairs was later published as a book, written by Nichol.
Biscuits in the cupboard (1997) (Verse) illustrated by Philippe Béha, received a Mr. Christie's Book Award.
Dippers (1997) illustrated by Barry Moser, appeared on the short list for the Toronto Book Awards and was also nominated for a Governor General's Literary Award
One Small Garden Trunks All Aboard: An Elephant ABC.''
Safe and Sound (a book of verse.)
Tales Of Don Quixote (a retelling for Children)
Tales of Don Quixote. Book Two.
The Lady from Kent. (Verse, published in 2018)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian women children's writers
Canadian women screenwriters
Writers from Vancouver
Servando González Hernández (15 May 1923 – 5 October 2008) was a Mexican film director. He died in Mexico City on 5 October 2008, at the age of 85.
Servando Gonzalez was the winner of 25 awards with Yanco cinematographic film and participated as co star in dozens of films of Mexican Cinema Gold by the name of Alberto Ramirez actor. Press Chief was Mexican President Adolfo Lopez Mateos and has always characterized by simplicity and talented actor, director, writer and film producer, according to his official biographer Wilbert Alonzo-Cabrera, former vice president of Association of Entertainment JournalistD (ACE), of New York.
Selected filmography
Black Wind (1965)
The Fool Killer (1965)
The Last Tunnel (1988)
References
External links
1923 births
2008 deaths
Ariel Award winners
Best Director Ariel Award winners
Mexican film directors
People from Veracruz (city)
Tennis competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali, Colombia were scheduled to be held from November 29 until December 4, 2021.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
Tennis
Pan American Games
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
Ribes divaricatum is a species in the genus Ribes found in the forests, woodlands, and coastal scrub of western North America from British Columbia to California. The three accepted varieties have various common names which include the word "gooseberry". Other common names include coast black gooseberry, wild gooseberry, Worcesterberry, or spreading-branched gooseberry.
Description
Ribes divaricatum is a shrub sometimes reaching in height with woody branches with one to three thick brown spines at leaf nodes. The leaves are generally palmate in shape and edged with teeth. The blades are up to long and borne on petioles.
The inflorescence is a small cluster of hanging flowers, each with reflexed purple-tinted green sepals and smaller, white to red petals encircling long, protruding stamens. The fruit is a sweet-tasting berry up to wide which is black when ripe. It is similar to Ribes lacustre and R. lobbii, but the former has smaller, reddish to maroon flowers and the latter has reddish flowers that resemble those of fuchsias and sticky leaves.
Taxonomy
Varieties
Ribes divaricatum var. divaricatum, or spreading gooseberry is found in Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia.
Ribes divaricatum var. parishii, called Parish's gooseberry, is found only in California.
Ribes divaricatum var. pubiflorum, known as straggly gooseberry is native to both California and Oregon.
Uses
The berries are edible and are ripe when black.
The fruit was food for a number of Native American groups of the Pacific Northwest, and other parts of the plant, especially the bark, was used for medicinal purposes.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Calphotos Photo gallery, University of California: var. pubiflorum
divaricatum
Flora of the West Coast of the United States
Flora of British Columbia
Plants described in 1830
Bird food plants
Plants used in Native American cuisine
Plants used in traditional Native American medicine
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
RPN NewsCap is the flagship English late-evening news program of RPN. which was aired from November 30, 2009, to October 29, 2012, replacing NewsWatch: Second Edition. This serves as a spin-off RPN NewsWatch. until it was axed in 2012 upon Solar Entertainment Corporation's purchase of RPN's majority stake.
Final anchors
Isabel Roces (2011–2012)
Past anchors
Queen Sebastian (2009–2011)
Past News Reporters
April Abello
Carlo Carongoy
Janeena Chan
Marlene Alcaide
Dale De Vera
Evangeline Evangelista
Viviene Guilla
Phoebe Javier
Emman Paz
Pircelyn Pialago
Raissa Puno-Diaz
Marsha Tañedo
Dennis Principe
Joyce Ilas
Stephanie Ongkiko
Ina Andolong
Chester Lobramonte
Jamela Alindogan
Adrian Ayain
Jerald Uy
Luisa Jimenez
Bestie Konisis
Peter Martin
Meanne Los Baños
Grace Asuncion
Paolo Capino
Andrea Lagmay
Jamie Santos
See also
RPN NewsWatch
RPN NewsWatch Update
Solar Nightly News
List of programs previously broadcast by Radio Philippines Network
2009 Philippine television series debuts
2012 Philippine television series endings
Philippine television news shows
English-language television shows
Radio Philippines Network news shows
RPN News and Public Affairs shows
2000s Philippine television series
2010s Philippine television series
Flagship evening news shows
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is the score album for David Fincher's 2011 film of the same name, composed by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross. It was released on December 9, 2011, through The Null Corporation in the US and Mute Records outside North America. This is the second soundtrack that Reznor and Ross have worked on together, following the Oscar-winning The Social Network, also for Fincher.
The soundtrack is nearly three hours long, and includes covers of the Led Zeppelin track, "Immigrant Song", featuring Karen O of Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and the Bryan Ferry song, "Is Your Love Strong Enough?", by Reznor and Ross' own band, How to Destroy Angels. The former premiered on KROQ radio on December 2, 2011, and was made available as a download to anyone who purchased the iTunes pre-order of the album. In addition, the file was accompanied with an extended, 8 minute trailer for the film, scored specifically by Reznor and Ross. On December 2, a six-song sampler of the album was made available for free online along with the pre-release of various different formats of the soundtrack.
The score was nominated for the 2011 Golden Globe award for Best Original Score – Motion Picture, and won the 2012 Grammy award for Best Score Soundtrack For Visual Media. The album debuted on the UK Albums Chart on 7 January 2012 at position 199.
Promotion
A teaser trailer for the film was released online on June 2, 2011, (previously being attached to certain domestic and international films), featuring a cover of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song", by Reznor, Ross and Karen O (from the Yeah Yeah Yeahs).
On August 10, the film's official website was updated to feature background music "She Reminds Me of You", under the filename "Dotcom.mp3". As was the case with "Hand Covers Bruise" from The Social Network's official site, this backing music was the first piece from the score to be available for listening.
A full-length trailer for the film was released on September 22, featuring music from the score again, the first time the score had been specifically set to footage. Specifically the track "An Itch."
One track from the score ("What If We Could?") has been performed live by Reznor's band Nine Inch Nails on their Twenty Thirteen Tour in summer 2013.
Mouth Taped Shut
A Tumblr blog entitled Mouth Taped Shut was launched on August 20, 2011, releasing behind-the-scenes photographs of the shooting and production of the film. On October 3, the blog posted a YouTube video of custom posters for the film being printed, with backing music by Reznor and Ross. The blog was also used extensively to promote a public preview of the film, and had hosted snapshots of the score in progress.
...Comes Forth in the Thaw
An image posted on Mouth Taped Shut showed Reznor in the studio, working on the score. On close inspection, however, the monitor of his computer displayed the url, http://www.comesforthinthethaw.com, which when typed in linked to a site featuring an ever-evolving array of further background music accompanied to various film stills.
What Is Hidden in Snow...
Following a hidden clue on ...Comes Forth in theThaw, the website http://www.whatishiddeninsnow.com was found, which led to a series of treasure trails around the world, finding pieces from the film as part of an Alternate Reality Game promotion.
Packaging
The album's art was created by Nine-Inch Nails and How to Destroy Angels' creative director Rob Sheridan and Neil Kellerhouse.
Release
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was opened for pre-orders online on December 2, 2011, on Reznor's independent label website Null Corporation in a number of different formats at various price points. The digital copy was released on December 9, whilst retail copies of the album were distributed by Mute Records on December 27 in CD format followed by the "Deluxe" edition on February 6. The smallest Dragon Tattoo package contains the entire album in 320 kbit/s MP3 format made available for download directly from the website for US$12. A lossless digital version includes a choice of Apple Lossless or FLAC for US$14. A standard physical version is available for US$14 and includes three audio CDs stored in an eight panel digipak with custom "ice" slipcase and a six panel insert, alongside a digital version delivered in 320 kbit/s MP3. A $300 "Deluxe Edition" includes a 6-LP 180 gram vinyl set in a deluxe book package with metal cover in a hard plastic "ice" slip cover, an exclusive custom 8GB metal razor blade USB pendant (inspired by Lisbeth Salander's razor blade necklace) containing the full album in high-fidelity 96k audio, a fold-out poster designed by Neil Kellerhouse, and a HD digital copy in either Apple Lossless, FLAC, or 320 kbit/s MP3 formats.
On the day of the six-track sampler's launch, Reznor posted about the release on the Nine Inch Nails website:
Reception
Critical reception
Critical response to the score was generally favorable, with an average rating of 76% based on 11 professional reviews on Metacritic. Christian Cottingham of Drowned in Sound noticed that, "like the film the soundtrack favours atmosphere over cheap thrill, taking its time to mount a sense of rising dread, layers of drone building overtop machinery echo and worn piano faded between scattered melodies and sparse percussion. In isolation it's an accompaniment to 3am melancholy or the onset of madness: in context it's Fincher's bleached out whites and blacks and murky greens turned to sound, bleaker than their previous work and more ambitious even than NIN's Ghosts." Cottingham asserted that Dragon Tattoo, "most(ly) recalls Reznor's soundtrack for Quake in the late 1990s, where space and silence played a role as great as any multitrack in conveying tension and unsettling the mood. At times tender but mostly pretty terrifying, this needs to be heard somewhere loud, and preferably with an exit in easy reach."
Conversely professional film music critics like Christian Clemmensen, of Filmtracks, and Jonathan Broxton, of Movie Music UK, dismissed it entirely, the latter considering the score as: "little more than a series of ambient drones, overlaid with various industrial sound effects and staccato rhythms – de-tuned piano chords, plucked bass notes, and the like." He also stated: "When the score isn't jarringly distracting, it's virtually inaudible or indistinguishable from the film's sound effects, begging the question of why the music is there in the first place."
Accolades
Track listing
Six Track Sampler
Award FYC album
An alternate album For Your Consideration (FYC) was sent by Sony Pictures to awarding bodies. It features the actual film cues, which have alternate titles, edits and mixes from the versions on the commercially available soundtrack, along with one composition not on the soundtrack release at all.
The same album was made available on the Sony Pictures FYC site as of February 6, 2012. Here, it was presented in chronological order from the film, and did not feature the Led Zeppelin cover performed by Trent Reznor and Karen O:
Personnel
Credits for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo adapted from liner notes:
Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross – composition, arrangements, performance, programming, and production
Karen O – vocals (1)
Mariqueen Maandig – vocals (11, 23, 30, 35, 39)
How to Destroy Angels – performance (39)
Blumpy – engineer
Alan Moulder – mixing (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 11, 13, 14, 16, 17, 18, 21, 23, 24, 25, 26, 29, 30, 33, 35, 38, 39)
Michael Patterson – mixing (2, 4, 7, 9, 10, 12, 15, 19, 20, 22, 27, 28, 31, 32, 36, 37)
Rob Sheridan – art direction
Neil Kellerhouse – artwork and GDT typeface
Jean-Baptiste Mondino – photography
Tom Baker (at Precision Mastering, Hollywood, CA) – mastering
David Fincher – executive producer
Scott Rudin – executive producer
Lia Vollack (for Columbia Pictures) – executive in charge of music
Paul Kremen – consultant
Rebel Waltz, Inc. – Trent Reznor and Null management
Ren Klyce, Ceán Chaffin, Claudia Sarne, Susan Bonds, Alex Lieu, 42 Entertainment, Daniel Miller, Tim Ahlering, Raul Perez, Shelly Bunge, Andrea McKee, Brett Bachemein, Angela Sidlow, Larry Kohorn, Tara-Beaudine-Moore, Valerie Caton, Neil Ross, Fred de Jong, Michelle Jubelirer, Don Kennedy, Arif Mahmud, Gary Stiffleman, David Byrnes, Irina Volodarsky, Doug Mark, Paul Friedman, Tony Ciulla and Laura Haber – special thanks
Charts
Album
Singles
In popular media
Parts of the tracks "Pinned and Mounted", "Hidden in Snow", and "What If We Could?" were used in the pilot episode of the TV series Elementary.
References
External links
Official website for the soundtrack
Official website for the film
Mouth Taped Shut - Semi-official film production blog
Comes Forth in the Thaw - Promotional website (film stills and soundtrack)
What Is Hidden in Snow - Promotional website (ARG)
2011 soundtrack albums
Ambient soundtracks
Industrial soundtracks
Experimental music soundtracks
Albums produced by Atticus Ross
Albums produced by Trent Reznor
Trent Reznor soundtracks
Atticus Ross soundtracks
The Null Corporation soundtracks
Madison Gate Records soundtracks
Stories of Lost Souls is an anthology film starring Josh Hartnett, Hugh Jackman, Keira Knightley, Cate Blanchett, James Gandolfini, Paul Bettany, Illeana Douglas and directed by eight different directors including Deborra-Lee Furness and Mark Palansky.
The film was executive produced by Thomas Bannister and released direct-to-video in the United States on 3 February 2005.
The film was later released in the United Kingdom on 27 August 2007.
Segments
The Same
Directed by Mark Palansky – Starring Josh Hartnett, Jason Acuña and Jacqui Maxwell
A creepy house. Every night a dwarf awaits for his beautiful neighbour to return. He will do anything to win the girl of his dreams, including one terrible crime: He kills one of his neighbours and, for an unknown reason, chops off the neighbours legs. When he leaves the crime scene, the girl sees him and uncovers her own legs, which look like porcelain.
Standing Room Only
Directed by Deborra-Lee Furness – Starring Hugh Jackman, Michael Gambon, Joanna Lumley, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
The story revolves around a group of people waiting in line for a performance.
Bangers
Directed by Andrew Upton – Starring Cate Blanchett
The haunting story of a woman slipping into insanity. Julie-Anne, a marginally successful career woman, is preparing dinner for her gruff and unsympathetic mother. As she cooks the mashed potatoes and sausages, she tells an indifferent audience of her mother and cat about a recent promotion at work. As she rants about her job it becomes apparent that she is in the middle of a mental breakdown that culminates in burned sausage and mashed potatoes all over the floor.
New Year's Eve
Directed by Col Spector – Starring Keira Knightley
The story of a seductive temptress at a New Year's Eve party.
Euston Road
Written by Tristram Pye and directed by Toa Stappard – Starring Paul Bettany
A fast car. Two men talking in a hotel bar. Seven questions in eight minutes. And it is 9 pm on Euston Road. Figure it out.
A Whole New Day
Directed by William Garcia – Starring James Gandolfini
The story of an abusive alcoholic who wakes up in an abandoned apartment after a black-out. A man on the floor comes to consciousness in an empty apartment – no furniture, no décor on the walls, no gas in the stove. He has only his cell phone, a jacket, and a hangover. Elsewhere in the city, his wife is in a kitchen, harried by three rambunctious children, angry at her husband. She leaves a message on his cell phone that the marriage is over. He calls his friend Jimmy to tell him to bring over some beer. Then, a young woman he does not know walks into the apartment. What is going on?
Supermarket
Directed by Illeana Douglas – Starring Daryl Hannah, Jeff Goldblum and Illeana Douglas
The story of a woman who works at a supermarket where Daryl Hannah continually slacks off, nearly drooling fans stalk her, and Jeff Goldblum comes in to shop for pastries.
Sniper 470
Directed by Paul Holmes – Starring Billy Boyd
A futuristic story of a lone sniper on a mission in outer space.
References
External links
International Sales (America Video Films) go to 03.library
British anthology films
Australian anthology films
2005 films
2000s English-language films
American anthology films
The 16333/34 Thiruvananthapuram–Veraval Express is an Express train belonging to Indian Railways – Southern Railway zone that runs between and in India.
It operates as train number 16333 from Veraval Junction to Thiruvananthapuram Central and as train number 16334 in the reverse direction, serving the states of Kerala, Karnataka, Goa, Maharashtra & Gujarat.
Originally the train began operations in 1984 as Ahmedabad–Trivandrum Express which later on was extended to Rajkot as Trivandrum–Rajkot Express. Now this train has been extended up to Veraval. Since 25 July, this train runs with LHB coaches.
Coach composition
The train has LHB coaches with max speed of . The train consists of 22 coaches:
1 AC 2 tier
6 AC 3 tier
10 Sleeper class
1 Pantry car
2 Unreserved/General
2 Seating cum Luggage Rakes
As with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
Service
16333/Veraval–Thiruvananthapuram Express has average speed of and covers in 46 hrs 40 mins.
16334/Thiruvananthapuram–Veraval Express has average speed of and covers in 49 hrs 00 mins.
Despite the average speed of the train being higher than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't include a Superfast surcharge.
Routes
Originally as Trivandrum Rajkot Express train ran on routes via Palakkad–Krishnarajapuram–Guntakal–Solapur–Pune–Vasai–Vadodara. In the early 1990s with opening the Konkan Railway the train routes were changed. Now the 16333/34 Thiruvananthapuram–Veraval Express runs from Thiruvananthapuram Central via , , , , , , , ,, , , , , , , to Veraval Junction and vice versa.
Schedule
Rake sharing
The train shares its rake with 12697/12698 Chennai–Thiruvananthapuram Superfast Express.
Traction
Both trains are hauled by an Electric Loco Shed, Erode-based WAP-4 or WAP-7 between Thiruvananthapuram Central and . After Mangaluru Junction, both trains are hauled by a Diesel Loco Shed, Ernakulam-based WDM-3A twins up to |Veraval Junction, and vice versa.
External links
References
Transport in Veraval
Transport in Thiruvananthapuram
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Gujarat
Rail transport in Kerala
Rail transport in Goa
Rail transport in Karnataka
Railway services introduced in 1984
Gresston is an unincorporated community in Dodge County, in the U.S. state of Georgia. It was listed as a census-designated place following the 2010 census but was no longer one by the time of the 2020 census.
History
A post office called Gresston was established in 1885, and remained in operation until 1955. The community was named after George V. Gress, proprietor of a local sawmill.
References
Unincorporated communities in Dodge County, Georgia
Gentius (, "Génthios"; 181168 BC) was an Illyrian king who belonged to the Labeatan dynasty. He ruled in 181–168 BC, being the last attested Illyrian king. He was the son of Pleuratus III, a king who kept positive relations with Rome. The capital city of the Illyrian kingdom under Gentius was Scodra.
In 180 BC, during his early reign, the Dalmatae and Daorsi declared themselves independent from his rule and the city of Rhizon abandoned him prior to his defeat, receiving immunity from the Romans. He married Etuta, the daughter of the Dardanian king Monunius II.
In 171 BC, Gentius was allied with the Romans against the Macedonians, but in 169 BC he changed sides and allied himself with Perseus of Macedon. The southernmost city of the Illyrian kingdom was Lissus (now Lezhë, Albania), a situation established since the First Illyrian War. He arrested two Roman legati, accusing them of not coming as emissaries but as spies. Gentius destroyed the cities of Apollonia and Epidamnos (Roman Dyrrachium, now Durrës, Albania), which were allied with Rome. In 168 BC, he was defeated at Scodra by a Roman force under L. Anicius Gallus, in only twenty or thirty days, and in 167 brought to Rome as a captive to participate in Gallus's triumph, after which he was interned in Iguvium. The date of his death is unknown. After his defeat, the Romans split the region into three administrative divisions, called meris. The extent of the first meris is not known, while the second was Labeates, and the third was Acruvium, Rhizon, Olcinium and their environs.
Name
The Illyrian name Gentius appears to derive from PIE *g'en- "to beget", cognate to Latin gens, gentis "kin, clan, race". It must reflect the reconstructed noun *gent(i)yos, designating the king as the head of his kin, like the Proto-Germanic [[:wikt:Reconstruction:Proto-Germanic/kuningaz|*kun-ing-az]].
Biography
Relations with Rome
By 181 BC the loyal Pleuratus had been succeeded by his son Gentius. During his reign relations with the Ardiaean state and Rome started to dwindle. The coast and hinterland south of the Drin remained under Roman control since the First Illyrian Wars against Teuta. Gentius moved to increase power over kindred peoples living to the north and west. Among the islands the Greek city of Issa (now Vis, Croatia) had retained some form of independence under Roman protection but Pharos (now Hvar, Croatia) remained an Illyrian possession. On the mainland the Delmatae and the Daorsi were at one time subjects, but the former defected soon after the accession of Gentius. Illyrian strength lay in the navy and ships and it was their interference with Adriatic shipping which once more aroused Roman interest in the area. In 180 BC a Roman praetor responsible for coastal protection arrived in Brudisium with some ships of Gentius said to have been caught in the act of piracy. An embassy to Illyria failed to locate the king; but the praetor discovered that Romans were held for ransom at Korčula. No outcome of the affair is reported and it may well be that the Senate accepted a claim by Gentius' envoys that the charges were false. Ten years later, when Rome was gripped with war-fever against Perseus of Macedon, Issa accused Gentius of plotting war with the king and now the Illyrian envoys were denied a hearing before the Senate. Instead the Romans seized 54 Illyrian lembi at anchor in the harbour of Epidamnos. On the eve of war a Roman senator was sent to Illyria to remind Gentius of his formal friendship with the Roman Republic.
Alliance with the Dardani and Macedon
In 169 BC Gentius arranged the murder of his brother Plator killed because his plan to marry Etuta, daughter of the Dardanian king Monunius II, would have made him too powerful. Gentius then married Plator's fiancée for himself, securing the alliance of the powerful Dardani.
Perseus of Macedon having recaptured several Roman outposts in Roman occupied Illyria controlled the route leading west to the Ardiaean state. At this point Perseus sent his first embassy to Gentius, consisting of the Illyrian exile Pleuratus and the Macedonian Adaeus and Beroea. They found Gentius at Lissos and informed him of Perseus' successes against the Romans and Dardani and the recent victory over the Penestae. The Illyrians replied that he lacked not the will to fight the Romans but the money. No promises were made on this point either by this embassy or another sent from Stuberra shortly afterwards. Perseus continued his efforts to involve Gentius in the war, preferably it was said, at no cost to his treasury. The Illyrian exile Plearatus raised 1,000 infantry and 200 cavalry from the Penestae. The Roman invasion of Macedonia in 168 BC forced the king to promise a subsidy to Gentius, whose ships might be employed to attack the Romans. A sum of 300 talents was mentioned and Perseus sent his companion Pantauchus to make the arrangements. In the city of Meteon (now Medun, Montenegro) hostages were agreed and Gentius accepted the oath of the king. He sent Olympio with a delegation to Perseus to collect the money, and the treaty was concluded with some ceremony at Dium on the Thermaic Gulf. A formal parade of the Macedonian cavalry was held which may have impressed the Illyrians and the cavalry may have represented the Macedonians in the ratification of the treaty.
The 300 talents were counted out of the royal treasure at Pella and the Illyrians were permitted to mark it with their own stamp. An advance of ten talents was forwarded to Gentius and when this was passed over by Pantauchus the king was urged to commence hostilities against the Romans. When Gentius imprisoned two Roman envoys sent by Appius Claudius at Lychnidus, Perseus recalled the rest of the subsidy in belief that Gentius was now his ally, come what may.
Rise to power
Gentius accompanied the new anti-Roman orientation in Illyrian foreign policy with a series of measures to strengthen his state. First, he concentrated the finances by establishing a single tax over all the subjects and by taking royal control of the monetary workshops or mints of Lissus and Scodra, the two cities where he resided. At this time Gentius was issuing bronze coins. In the Selcë hoard there are two coins of Gentius with Macedonian emblems. The other coins of Gentius have what is probably his head with a cap not unlike the petasos, and a torque around his head, and on the reverse in one case a thunderbolt and in the others a warship, the lembi. Thus, according to an inventory made by the Romans, the state treasury had 27 pounds of gold, 19 of silver, 120,000 Illyrian drachmas and 13,000 Roman denarii on the eve of the war with Rome.
Gentius and Perseus sent a joint embassy to invite Rhodes in the war against Rome. Gentius also built up a fleet of 270 lembi, showing that he awaited an enemy in the Adriatic. His army numbered 15,000 men. Gentius was now prepared to go to war with Rome.
Third Illyrian War
In January/February 168 BC Gentius, having mustered his force of 15,000 men and fleet of lembi at Lissus, the southernmost city of his state, advanced into Roman territory and laid siege to the Illyrian city of Bassania, a Roman ally which refused to yield although it was only 5 miles from Lissus. His half-brother Caravantius, detaching 1,000 infantry and 50 horsemen, attacked the Cavii, failing to capture one of their cities while ravaging the fields of the city of Caravandis. A flotilla of eight lembi set off a little later to attack the coastal colonial cities of Epidamno and Appolonia. Meanwhile, the Romans under Appius Claudius had heard of the alliance that Gentius made with Perseus of Macedonia and the arrest of the Roman envoys. He therefore moved his army out of their winter quarters at Nymphaeum, added to it with troops from Byllis, Epidamnos and Appolonia as he marched north, and encamped by the river Genesus (Shkumbin, Albania). There he met with the new Roman commander, Lucius Anicius Gallus, a praetor. Anicius had crossed over from Italy to Appolonia with two legions, comprising 600 cavalry and 10,400 infantry, and 800 cavalry and 10,000 infantry from the Italian allies. His fleet, whose size is not known, was strengthened by a draft of 5,000 sailors. To this imposing force he added 200 cavalry and 2,000 infantry of the Parthini, an Illyrian koinon allied to the Romans. These combined forces outnumbered those of Gentius by two to one.
As a folio of Livy's text is missing, little is known of this campaign. It seems that Anicius's fleet engaged the Illyrians at sea and captured a number of their lembi. Next, they defeated the Illyrians on land, allowing them to advance into the heart of Illyrian territory. Once there, they secured the surrender of enemy cities mostly through negotiation rather than direct assault. Gentius concentrated his remaining forces near his capital Shkodra, a well-fortified city situated in a strong natural position. When Anicius approached with his army in battle formation, the Illyrians fled into the city in panic. Gentius asked for, and was given, a three-day truce hoping that Caravantius would come at any moment with a large relieving army: but that it did not happen. After his defeat, Gentius sent two envoys from among the prominent tribal leaders, Teuticus and Bellus, to negotiate with the Roman commander. On the third day of the truce, Gentius came to the Roman camp and surrendered to Anicius who gave him a dinner with full honours and then put him under arrest. The Illyrians in Shkodra surrendered and released the Roman envoys. The Roman army marched north of Scutari Lake where, at Meteon (present day Medun, Montenegro), they captured Gentius's queen Teuta, his brother Caravantius and his sons Scerdilaides and Pleuratus along with other leading Illyrians.
The fall of the Ardiaean State is transmitted by Livy in a ceremonial manner of the triumph of Anicius in Rome:
This part of the campaign had only lasted thirty days. There were certainly further operations in the northern part of the Ardiaean State for Anicius placed garrisons in some towns, citadels and fortresses. These include the cities of Issa, Rhizon and Olcinium and the tribal states of the Daorsi and the Pirustae. Some came over to Rome on their own accord while other places such as Pharos were reduced by force and their property looted.
Aftermath
Rome's triumph included the capture of many royal flags, other booty, the furniture of the king himself and the treasure mentioned above. Millions of sectercii were gained from the sale of the booty, in addition to the gold and silver that went to the state treasury.
By decision of the Senate, Gentius and his family were sent to Spoletum, to be kept under observation. The other captives were imprisoned in Rome. But the inhabitants of Spoletum refused to keep the royal family under watch, so they were transferred to Iguvium. The booty seized in Illyria included 220 vessels. By decree of the Senate, C. Cassius Longinus gave these vessels taken from Gentius to the inhabitants of Corcyra, Appolonia and Epidamnus. The year of Gentius' death is not known but there are ruins of what is perhaps his tomb.
The Roman punishment of Illyria spared only those koina that had backed Rome openly in the war. Those who had been enemies, their cities, buildings and public institutions were burned and thoroughly looted. Those spared retained their previous manner of administration, with officials elected every year, and paid Rome only half the taxes that they had previously paid to Gentius. The federation-based koina were dissolved and each unit was recognized as a separate koinon, enjoying local autonomy and often the right to mint its own coins.
While the southern Illyrian lands had been conquered once and for all, the Roman legions continued for about another hundred years with attempts to conquer the northern and eastern territories.
Probable continuance
The archaeologist Hasan Ceka has hypothesized that the name of one of the envoys of Gentius, Bellus might have been an incorrect transcription of Ballaeus (Ballaios). Although from the linguistic point of view this identification is very problematic, some have accepted the idea that Ballaois was the successor of Gentius, who had friendly relations with Rome. Ballaois was an Illyrian king only attested on his coins and ruled (perhaps 167–135 BC or other dates) of the Ardiaei. Ballaios appears to have ruled after 168 BC at Queen Teuta's old stronghold, Rhizon. At the time the region was part of the Roman Republic and the Ardiaean kingdom had been dissolved since the time of Gentius. He had some sort of rivalry with Pharos. Whilst the abundance of his coinage in the region would suggest that he was a very influential figure there is no literary or historical evidence of his existence.
Legacy
Gentiana lutea, and by extension the rest of the Gentiana genus, was named after Gentius, as a tribute as it was thought that he had found out that the herbs had tonic properties. Gentius is depicted on the reverse of the Albanian 50 lekë coin, issued in 1996 and 2000, and on the obverse of the 2000 lekë banknote, issued in 2008.
See also
List of rulers of Illyria
References
Bibliography
Illyrian royalty
2nd-century BC rulers
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
WWE Afterburn is an American syndicated television program which recaps events taking place on WWE's weekly flagship program, SmackDown. Along with Bottom Line, it replaced WWE's previous syndicated highlight show, Jakked. The show ran from May 2002 until September 2005 domestically, broadcasting 172 episodes domestically before being removed from syndication. The show continues to run in some international markets such as South Africa, Italy, Germany, Spain and South Asia.
International variations
Malaysia, and South Africa
In Malaysia, Afterburn debuted on May 6, 2011. It aired every Monday at 10pm on Astro SuperSport 4, but now on Astro Prima every Thursday at 11pm. The show airs on eKasi+ in South Africa on Fridays at 10pm.
Australia
In Australia, WWE Afterburn debuted in 2008 on Channel Nine. Afterburn was the only free-to-air WWE show in Australia at the time, with Raw, SmackDown, NXT and Superstars all airing on Fox8. Afterburn had a time slot 1pm every Sunday, before being moved to 12am every Tuesday. WWE Afterburn aired 132 episodes in Australia before being removed from syndication on July 28, 2010. Afterburn was replaced with a similar show titled WWE Experience starting November 4 however in December 2014, Afterburn returned and was broadcast on 7mate.
Hosts
Fill in guest hosts
Broadcast
WWE Afterburn was broadcast from May 2002 to September 2005, before it was removed from syndication in the US. The show still airs in international markets to fulfil programming commitments.
See also
List of current WWE programming
References
Afterburn
Afterburn
2002 American television series debuts
2010s American television series
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
English-language television shows
Dean A. Cray (born March 5, 1958) is an American politician from Maine. A Republican, Cray served in the Maine House of Representatives (District 28) from 2008 to 2014. District 28 included much of southern Somerset County, including Canaan, Cornville, Hartland, Palmyra, and St. Albans. Cray is the former ranking minority member of the Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry Committee. Prior to being elected to the House of Representatives, Cray served on the Board of Selectmen of Palmyra for 10 years.
Personal
Cray, who was born in Dexter, Maine on March 5, 1958, is a graduate of Nokomis Regional High School in Newport, Maine.
References
1958 births
Living people
Maine Republicans
People from Palmyra, Maine
People from Dexter, Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Maine local politicians
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mackenzie–Fort Smith () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church that includes the Northwest Territories, the northern extremity of Saskatchewan and the extreme west of the Territory of Nunavut in Canada. Bishop Jon Hansen,C.Ss.R. currently serves as Bishop of Mackenzie – Fort Smith, Canada.
Originally created in 1901 as the Vicariate Apostolic of Mackenzie, it was elevated to a full episcopal see in 1967.
As of 2004, the diocese contained 46 parishes and missions, 4 active diocesan priests, 7 religious priests, and 28,540 Catholics. At the time, it also had 16 women religious, 8 religious brothers, and 3 permanent deacons. One famous parish is Our Lady Of Victory Church in Inuvik.
Bishops
Diocesan bishops
Vicariate Apostolic of Mackenzie
Gabriel-Joseph-Elie Breynat, O.M.I. (1901–1943), "The Bishop of the Winds", Titular Bishop of Adramyttium (1901) and Titular Archbishop of Garella (1939)
Joseph-Maria Trocellier, O.M.I. (1943–1958)
Paul Piché, O.M.I. (1959–1967)
The following is a list of the bishops of Mackenzie-Fort Smith and their terms of service:
Paul Piché (1967–1986)
Denis Croteau (1986–2008)
Murray Chatlain (2008–2012), appointed Archbishop of Keewatin-Le Pas, Manitoba
Mark Hagemoen (2013–2017), appointed Bishop of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan
Jon Hansen,C.Ss.R. (December 15, 2017)
Coadjutor bishops
Pierre-Armand-Albert-Lucien Fallaize, O.M.I. (1931-1939), as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic; did not succeed to see
Joseph-Marie Trocellier, O.M.I. (1941-1943), as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic
Murray Chatlain (2007-2008)
References
Diocese of Mackenzie-Fort Smith page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
Press release from the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops at cccb.ca retrieved May 19, 2008
Mackenzie-Fort Smith
Organizations based in the Northwest Territories
Christian organizations established in 1901
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1901 establishments in Canada
Hell's Half Acre, Hell's Half-Acre, Hell's Half-acre, or Hell's Halfacre may refer to:
Places
Communities
Half Acre, Alabama, originally known as Hell's Half Acre, a community in Marengo County
Hells Halfacre, Kentucky, a community in Harrison County
Hell's Half Acre, a former historic area in Downtown Los Angeles, California, known for crime and prostitution
Geologic features
Hell's Half Acre, a side slot canyon in Aravaipa Canyon, Arizona
Hell's Half Acre (Hot Springs, Arkansas), a talus hillside on Indian Mountain near Hot Springs, Arkansas
Hell's Half Acre Lava Field, a basaltic lava field on the Snake River Plain, Idaho
Hell's Half Acre, the rapids immediately upstream of the American side of Niagara Falls
Hell's Half Acre (Wyoming), a unique escarpment in Natrona County, Wyoming
Hell's Half Acre, old name for Midway Geyser Basin, one of the Geothermal areas of Yellowstone National Park
Historic
A corner of Chinatown, Honolulu, Hawaii, and setting of the 1954 film noir by the same name
A redlight district in late 19th-century Omaha, Nebraska; also called Burnt District
A battlefield during the 1863 Civil War Battle of Stones River, Tennessee
A notorious section of Nashville, Tennessee in the late 1800s
Hell's Half Acre (Fort Worth), a former saloon district in the early days of Fort Worth, Texas
An area of slave trading and jails in the 1800s, including Lumpkin's jail, Richmond, Virginia
Film
Hell's Half Acre (1954 film), a 1954 film noir
Hell's Half Acre (2006 film), a 2006 horror film
Literature
Hell's Half Acre (novel), a novel by Will Christopher Baer
Hell's Half Acre, a novel in the Walker, Texas Ranger series by James Reasoner
Music
Hell's Half Acre, name of William Control's recording studio
Hell's Half Acre (album), a 1996 album by Jolene
Hell's Half Acre (song), a song on the 1987 album Robbie Robertson
Sports
Hell's Half Acre, a nickname for Amon G. Carter Stadium, Texas Christian University, Fort Worth, Texas
See also
Hell's Hundred Acres
Devil's Half-Acre (disambiguation)
Events from the year 1997 in Argentina
Incumbents
President: Carlos Menem
Vice president: Carlos Ruckauf
Governors
Governor of Buenos Aires Province: Eduardo Duhalde
Governor of Catamarca Province: Arnoldo Castillo
Governor of Chaco Province: Ángel Rozas
Governor of Chubut Province: Carlos Maestro
Governor of Córdoba: Ramón Mestre
Governor of Corrientes Province: Raúl Rolando Romero Feris (until 10 December); Pedro Braillard Poccard (from 10 December)
Governor of Entre Ríos Province: Jorge Busti
Governor of Formosa Province: Gildo Insfrán
Governor of Jujuy Province: Carlos Ferraro
Governor of La Pampa Province: Rubén Marín
Governor of La Rioja Province: Ángel Maza
Governor of Mendoza Province: Arturo Lafalla
Governor of Misiones Province: Ramón Puerta
Governor of Neuquén Province: Felipe Sapag
Governor of Río Negro Province: Pablo Verani
Governor of Salta Province: Juan Carlos Romero
Governor of San Juan Province: Jorge Escobar
Governor of San Luis Province: Adolfo Rodríguez Saá
Governor of Santa Cruz Province: Néstor Kirchner
Governor of Santa Fe Province: Jorge Obeid
Governor of Santiago del Estero: Carlos Juárez
Governor of Tierra del Fuego:
until 4 November: José Arturo Estabillo
4 November-10 December: Miguel Ángel Castro
from 10 December: José Arturo Estabillo
Governor of Tucumán: Antonio Domingo Bussi
Vice Governors
Vice Governor of Buenos Aires Province: Rafael Romá
Vice Governor of Catamarca Province: Simón Hernández
Vice Governor of Chaco Province: Miguel Pibernus
Vice Governor of Corrientes Province: Lázaro Chiappe (until 10 December); Víctor Hugo Maidana (from 10 December)
Vice Governor of Entre Rios Province: Héctor Alanis
Vice Governor of Formosa Province: Floro Bogado
Vice Governor of Jujuy Province: vacant
Vice Governor of La Pampa Province: Manuel Baladrón
Vice Governor of La Rioja Province: Miguel Ángel Asís
Vice Governor of Misiones Province: Julio Alberto Ifrán
Vice Governor of Nenquen Province: Ricardo Corradi
Vice Governor of Rio Negro Province: Bautista Mendioroz
Vice Governor of Salta Province: Walter Wayar
Vice Governor of San Juan Province: Rogelio Rafael Cerdera
Vice Governor of San Luis Province: Mario Merlo
Vice Governor of Santa Cruz: Eduardo Arnold
Vice Governor of Santa Fe Province: Gualberto Venesia
Vice Governor of Santiago del Estero: Darío Moreno
Vice Governor of Tierra del Fuego: Miguel Ángel Castro
Events
13 April - The 1997 Argentine Grand Prix is held at the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez in Buenos Aires, and is won by Jacques Villeneuve.
14 September - The 1997 Buenos Aires Grand Prix is held at the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez and won by Gabriel Furlán.
26 October - The Argentine legislative election is dominated by the Justicialist Party, who win 119 seats. The Alliance for Work, Justice and Education, with a larger share of the vote, wins only 110 seats. The results anticipate the end of President Menem's dominance of Argentine politics.
date unknown - La Voz del Interior, the leading daily newspaper of Córdoba, is acquired by the Clarín Group.
Deaths
29 January - Osvaldo Soriano, journalist and writer (born 1943)
See also
List of Argentine films of 1997
References
Years of the 20th century in Argentina
Argentina
1990s in Argentina
Argentina
Temocapril (also known as temocaprilum [Latin]; brand name Acecol) is an ACE inhibitor. It was not approved for use in the US.
It was patented in 1984 and approved for medical use in 1994.
References
ACE inhibitors
Acetic acids
Enantiopure drugs
Ethyl esters
Lactams
Prodrugs
Thiophenes
Carboxylate esters
Thiazepines
Jeep Grand Wagoneer may refer to:
a variant of the Jeep Wagoneer (SJ), produced from 1984 to 1991
a variant of the Jeep Grand Cherokee (ZJ), produced from 1992 to 1993
Grand Wagoneer (WS), an SUV made by Jeep from 2021 onwards
See also
Jeep Wagoneer
Grand Wagoneer
Carousel is a long-running multimedia comics slide show hosted by cartoonist Robert Sikoryak (Masterpiece Comics) that has been presented in various venues in the United States and Canada since 1997. Sikoryak has described Carousel as "a cartoon variety show." Carousel has been presented at Dixon Place, MoCCA Fest, Parsons School of Design, The Brick Theater, and other venues.
History
The first Carousel slide shows were projected using a slide projector. The show was named after the Kodak Carousel slide projector.
In 2011, The Village Voice called Carousel a highlight of The Brick Theater's Comic Book Theater Festival.
Many cartoonists, artists and voice actors have participated, including:
Scott Adsit
Todd Alcott
Jonathan Ames
Kate Beaton
Gabrielle Bell
Gregory Benton
Nick Bertozzi
Rupert Bottenberg
Megan Montague Cash
Victor Cayro
Howard Chackowicz
Sean Chiki
Domitille Collardey
Adam Conover
Ann Decker
Julie Delporte
Brian Dewan
Aaron Diaz
Eric Drysdale
Chris Duffy
Jess Fink
Emily Flake
Nick Gazin
Pascal Girard
James Godwin
Myla Goldberg
Dale Goodson
Patrick Hambrecht
Lisa Hanawalt
Tom Hart
Dean Haspiel
Glenn Head
Danny Hellman
Sam Henderson
Lizz Hickey
Bill Kartalopoulos
Ben Katchor
Kaz
Susan Kim
Julie Klausner
John Kovaleski
Hawk Krall
Tim Kreider
Michael Kupperman
Miss Lasko-Gross
M. Sweeney Lawless
Leah Yael Levy
Jeffrey Lewis
Jason Little
Kevin Maher
Billy Mavreas
Dyna Moe
Neil Numberman
Tao Nyeu
George O'Connor
Joe Ollmann
Roxanne Palmer
K. A. Polzin
Jackson Publick
Hans Rickheit
Jason Roeder
Dave Roman
Laurie Rosenwald
Laurie Sandell
David Sandlin
Allison Silverman
Doug Skinner
Karen Sneider
Ted Stearn
Leslie Stein
Raina Telgemeier
Matthew Thurber
Jim Torok
Ted Travelstead
James Urbaniak
Colleen AF Venable
Lauren R. Weinstein
Julia Wertz
Shannon Wheeler
Kriota Willberg
Daniel Wright
References
External links
Works about comics
The history of the American League of Professional Baseball Clubs stretches back into the late-19th century. Prior to 2000, when the AL and NL were dissolved as separate entities and merged into the organization called Major League Baseball, the American League was one of the two leagues that made up major league baseball. Originally a minor league known as the Western League, the league later developed into a major league after the American Association disbanded. In its early history, the Western League struggled until 1894, when Ban Johnson became the president of the league. Johnson led the Western League into major league status and soon became the president of the newly renamed American League.
Early history
The earliest predecessor to the American League was the Northwestern League, a minor league with teams based in the Midwestern United States. Along with the National League and American Association, the Northwestern League was one of the three leagues that signed the National Agreement, an agreement wherein the signers covenanted to honor contractual agreements between players and teams and set a minimum salary for players. The league soon became known as the Western League, and went through financial woes, including disbanding multiple times. Along with Ban Johnson, Charles Comiskey purchased the Western League in 1892.
Johnson hoped to clean up the sport of baseball by purchasing the league, including allowing umpires to suspend players who used profanity and disputed calls. Johnson hoped to use his league as an example of a well-run league that was organized, profitable, entertaining and appealing. In Johnson's first season at the helm of the Western League, 1894, most of the league's franchises turned a profit and by 1895 attendance began to climb for teams around the league. In 1896, Johnson brought Connie Mack in as a manager of the Milwaukee, Wisconsin team and he became a major piece in what would soon be the American League. The first signs that the Western League could become a major league appeared when the league began to attract many high caliber players and managers, and attendance ratings continued to climb.
Transition to a major league
Johnson and his associates Comiskey and Mack thought that they could make a move at becoming a major league by the turn of the 20th century, but knew that they would face the same struggles as the failed American Association. During a meeting of Western League owners at Chicago's Great Northern Hotel on October 11, 1899, the league's name was changed to the American League of Professional Baseball Clubs. At the time of the name change, the National League was struggling in attendance, while in comparison, the American League had a zero tolerance for foul language and behavior, bolstering attendance because of its image. In The Arrival of the American League, author Warren N. Wilbert described the National League as having a monopoly on Major League Baseball at the time.
The Western League disbanded after the 1899 season so that owners Johnson and Comiskey could pursue major league options. The Western League was re-created in a new form by a new owner. However, it had no association with the original league led by Johnson. Johnson and Comiskey continued their hopes of creating a major league and by 1900, the duo created a franchise in the city of Chicago by moving the St. Paul Saints to that city. The Chicago franchise, together with seven additional former Western League franchises, were established in Buffalo, Detroit, Indianapolis, Cleveland (moved from Grand Rapids), Minneapolis, Milwaukee, and Kansas City. Before the 1901 season, the American League, often misprinted in newspapers as the "American Association", was classified as a "special class", a level above Class-A minor league baseball. Indianapolis, Minneapolis, and Buffalo were dropped as franchises before the 1901 season and new teams added in Baltimore, Philadelphia and Boston. The Kansas City club was moved to Washington, D.C. that same year.
Major league beginning
The 1901 season was the first season that the American League (AL) was classified as a "major league". The AL comprised clubs in Chicago (nicknamed the White Stockings by sportswriters for their uniform hosiery), Boston (soon informally dubbed "Americans" to distinguish them from the city's National League club), Detroit (an original Western League franchise which, unusually for the time, had an official team name, Tigers), Philadelphia (which took up the historic name of the Athletic Club), Baltimore (which revived the Orioles nickname used by the 1890s NL team), Washington (inevitably dubbed "Senators" by press and fans alike), Cleveland (often referred to as the "Blue" or the "Blues" for their uniforms), and Milwaukee (another original WL team which carried over its nickname of "Brewers"). The first game in American League history was played on April 24, 1901, at South Side Park, with eventual pennant-winner Chicago defeating Cleveland by a score of eight runs to two.
The AL lured many stars of the time due to the fact that they did not have a maximum salary, unlike the National League. In all, over 100 players switched leagues, including many big National League stars such as John McGraw, Cy Young, Clark Griffith, Hugh Duffy, and Jimmy Collins. Notably, Nap Lajoie was signed by Connie Mack to a $6,000 contract ($3,600 over the National League's maximum salary), $184,000 in today's standards. Over the early years of the American League, they drew far more attendance to their games than the National League.
The Orioles fell into debt, with star player Joe Kelley reporting that the team owed as much as $12,000 ($ in current dollar terms). Unable to afford that debt, part-owner John Mahon began to purchase shares of the team in July 1902 from Kelley, his son-in-law, and player-manager John McGraw, who had resigned from the team and signed with the New York Giants of the NL. With this, Mahon became the majority shareholder. On July 17, 1902, Mahon sold his interest in the Orioles to Andrew Freedman, principal owner of the Giants, and John T. Brush, principal owner of the Cincinnati Reds, also of the NL. That day, Freedman and Brush released McGraw, Kelley, Joe McGinnity, Roger Bresnahan, Jack Cronin, Cy Seymour, and Dan McGann from their Oriole contracts. Brush then signed Kelley and Seymour to the Reds, while Freedman signed McGinnity, Bresnahan, Cronin, and McGann, joining McGraw, his new player-manager, on the Giants. Johnson was forced to join with the Orioles' minority owners to seize control of the team using league rules and restock the team using players on loan from other AL franchises, but the Orioles had to forfeit their game that day due to not having enough players.
After the 1902 season, a "peace" agreement was reached by the two leagues. The National League had hoped that a merger would form, however, Johnson knew he had the upper hand, and the National League recognized the league instead. Following the regular season in 1903, the winners of the American League pennant and the National League pennant played each other in the inaugural World Series. The Boston Americans (now the Red Sox) defeated the NL representatives, the Pittsburgh Pirates. In retaliation, the National League refused to play a World Series the following year, when the American League expanded its schedule to 154 games. World Series play resumed in 1905 and has continued every year since, except the strike-shortened 1994 season.
Black Sox scandal and revival
During the 1919 World Series, members of the Chicago White Sox of the American League intentionally lost the series to make money off of the Cincinnati Reds win. The fix, which led to eight members of the team being banned from baseball for life, was put on by the White Sox first baseman Chick Gandil with the help of professional gambler Joseph "Sport" Sullivan and gangster Arnold Rothstein. It was stemmed from payment disagreements between the members of the team and its owner, Charles Comiskey.
Amidst the Black Sox scandal, Ban Johnson's control of the American League slipped. Johnson held the post until 1927, when he resigned and Ernest S. Barnard took over operations as the American League president. Following the Black Sox scandal, the American League championed New York Yankees outfielder Babe Ruth. In 1920, Ruth hit 54 home runs and drew many to the ball parks. The American League sold five million tickets, over a million and a half over the National League total. Ruth's 54 home runs was 35 above the runner-up, George Sisler.
Hitting success
Before the 1920s, pitching dominated both leagues. In 1920, both leagues adopted new rules against defacing baseballs. Led by Babe Ruth, hitters in the American League dominated the pitching competition. Attendance was mostly even with the National League through the 1920s. From 1927 to 1930, the National League beat the American League in attendance for the first time since the American League became a major league. Through the 1930s, high scoring continued in the American League, unlike the National League where runs were becoming scarce. In every year from 1931 through 1942, the American League outscored the National League. From the same 12-year time period, the American League led in attendance six time while the National League led six times, despite the scoring dependency.
Mid-to-late 20th century
World War II and desegregation
Like nearly everything else, Major League Baseball was affected by the United States involvement in World War II. Players off of every roster in the American League served in a branch of the United States Military; of 144 major-league starters on Opening Day of 1941, only 26 were still in baseball by 1945. More than a thousand current or former major-leaguers served in the military during the war. One player, Elmer Gedeon, from the American League was killed in action. Gedeon played outfield for the Washington Senators before he joined the United States Army in March 1941. Notable players who served from the American League included Ted Williams, Joe DiMaggio, Hank Greenberg and Phil Rizzuto. On the playing field, scoring was noticeably lower; most players were over 35, or classified 4-F for physical disabilities. Due to material restrictions, baseballs were reused, unlike the previous years where the baseball's "sanitary" integrity was kept.
Jackie Robinson from the National League's Brooklyn Dodgers was the first African American major league player of the 20th century. In the American League, the first player to break the color barrier was Larry Doby with the Cleveland Indians in 1947. By 1955, there were still two all-Caucasian American League teams, the Detroit Tigers and the Boston Red Sox, compared to just one in the National League. Writer Steve Treder from The Hardball Times noted that the fact that the American League employed fewer African Americans led to a discrepancy in talent, giving the National League the upper hand. Over the time period of racial desegregation in baseball, the American League had better attendance than the National League for most of the seasons. Starting in 1956, the National League began a 33-year streak of attendance superiority over the American League. Treder again asserted that the American League failed to desegregate their league as fast and eagerly as the National League, however, he states that by the 1960s the American League started to catch-up.
Expansion era and franchise shifts
Over the last half of the 20th century, the league expanded and teams changed locales. The St. Louis Browns relocated to Baltimore, Maryland and became the "Baltimore Orioles" in 1954 (the very first time a team actually moved east instead of south or west). After the '54 season the Philadelphia Athletics moved to Kansas City, Missouri to become the "Kansas City Athletics" (before moving again to Oakland, California in 1968). After the 1960 season, the Washington Senators moved to Minneapolis to become the "Minnesota Twins". Two expansion teams began play in the AL for the 1961 season, the Los Angeles Angels and a new version of the Washington Senators (not to be confused with the aforementioned franchise). Two more expansion teams then began league play in 1969, the Kansas City Royals and the Seattle Pilots. After the Seattle Pilots' first season, they moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin and became the "Milwaukee Brewers". The Senators then relocated to the Dallas–Fort Worth metropolitan area and were renamed the "Texas Rangers" after the 1971 season. Beginning in 1977, the Toronto Blue Jays and the Seattle Mariners began league play. Before the 1998 season, the Milwaukee Brewers shifted to the National League while an expansion team, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays began play, eventually shortening their name to simply the "Tampa Bay Rays" before the 2008 season.
Prior to the 2013 season, the Houston Astros shifted play from the National League to the American League.
Designated hitter rule
In the years before the Designated hitter rule was implemented, the American League was heavily outscored by the National League. In 1973, a rule change adding a designated hitter on an experimental basis was added. The rule added a batter designated to hit only, and not play defense. The old rule had the pitcher in the batting lineup. The National League used the old rule until the 2022 season. Scoring in the American League jumped 23 percent and the "experimental" tag was dropped. From 1973 to 2003, the American League out scored the National League. Another jump in 1973 was the attendance numbers for the American League. Up 27 percent from the year before, the American League was still losing the attendance race to the National League after the implementation of the rule.
See also
List of American League pennant winners
List of American League Wild Card winners
References
History of Major League Baseball
VTR (Vía Trans Radio Comunicaciones SpA) is a Chilean telecommunications company. It is the country's largest provider of subscription television, with 1,065,675 subscribers (32.8% market share, as of September 2017), and of fixed broadband Internet access (38.0% share, as of September 2017). It is also the second largest provider of fixed telephone service (20.0%, as of September 2017), behind Telefónica. It also has a small but growing participation (0.90%, as of September 2017) in the mobile phone business.
It is wholly owned by Liberty Latin America following the split of Liberty Latin America from Liberty Global effective December 29, 2017; Grupo Saieh's CorpGroup previously owned 20% until March 2014 when Liberty Global acquired the remaining 20% it did not own.
VTR also owned Bazuca.com, a now-defunct video rental services company, and —together with Turner Broadcasting System— CNN Chile, a 24-hour news channel based in Santiago, until 2016, when it was bought entirely by WarnerMedia Latin America.
References
External links
Telecommunication companies of Chile
Internet service providers
Cable television companies
Liberty Global
Companies based in Santiago
Telecommunication companies established in 1928
Chilean companies established in 1928
Jahanian (), (Punjabi ), is an administrative subdivision, tehsil, of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Jahanian is the headquarters of the tehsil.
The languages spoken in the tehsil are Urdu, Punjabi, Saraiki, Mewati, and Haryanvi.
References
Tehsils of Punjab, Pakistan
Khanewal District
Nathan D. Wendell (1835, Fort Plain, Montgomery County, New York – January 5, 1886, Albany, Albany County, New York) was an American banker and politician.
Life
He first learned the printer's trade, but in 1854 went to Albany and began to work for the Merchants' National Bank with which he remained until the day of his death, having become Cashier in 1864 and Vice President in 1880.
In 1872, he was elected Treasurer of Albany County. In 1876, he was a presidential elector. He was New York State Treasurer from 1880 to 1881, elected in 1879. He was an alternate delegate to the 1884 Republican National Convention.
At a time, he was one of the co-owners of the Albany Morning Express newspaper.
He was the receiver of the Universal Life Insurance Company of New York City.
Sources
Obit in NYT on January 6, 1886
The Universal life receivership, in NYT on April 22, 1882
Political Graveyard
Republican nominations, in NYT on September 4, 1879
1835 births
1886 deaths
New York State Treasurers
People from Fort Plain, New York
Politicians from Albany, New York
American bankers
1876 United States presidential electors
19th-century American newspaper people
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from New York (state)
Businesspeople from Albany, New York
19th-century American businesspeople
Elfyn Llwyd (born 26 September 1951) is a Welsh barrister and politician. He was a Member of Parliament, representing Meirionnydd Nant Conwy in the House of Commons from 1992 to 2010 and Dwyfor Meirionnydd from 2010 to 2015. Llwyd was Plaid Cymru's Westminster parliamentary group leader.
He was announced in August 2021 as the Pro-Chancellor of Aberystwyth University.
Biography
Born in Betws-y-Coed, Gwynedd, Wales, Llwyd was raised in Llanrwst and later went to University of Wales, Aberystwyth, and Chester Law College.
Llwyd worked as a solicitor and subsequently a barrister (called to the bar in 1997) before election to public office. Between 1990 and 1991 he served as President of the Gwynedd Law Society. A fluent Welsh and English speaker, Llwyd is married to Welsh folk singer Eleri Llwyd and they have two children. His hobbies include pigeon breeding, reading, travelling and rugby.
In December 2013, Llwyd appeared on a special Christmas edition of BBC Two's University Challenge representing the University of Aberystwyth.
Member of Parliament
Llwyd was first elected to the British Parliament at the 1992, winning the Meirionnydd Nant Conwy constituency, being re-elected in 1997, 2001, and 2005. He took the newly configured Dwyfor Meirionnydd seat at the 2010 British general election with 44.3% of the vote, but there was a 7.3% swing from Plaid Cymru to the Conservatives.
He was appointed to Her Majesty's Privy Council on 9 February 2011.
Public service
Having been elected to public office, his main political interests are home affairs, transport and agriculture. Llwyd credits Saunders Lewis as having most influenced his political thinking
Housing and language controversy
In September 2001, Llwyd alluded to Plaid Cymru councillor Seimon Glyn's controversial remarks about a "tidal wave" of English retirees emigrating to Wales and restrictions on second-home ownership proposed for Exmoor National Park when he observed that "it is fine for Exmoor to defend their community but in Wales when you try to say these things it is called racist".
Glyn's comments that English-speaking migrants were "of no use to our communities" had reportedly lost Plaid Cymru votes earlier in the year, and Glyn had earlier apologised for any offence caused by the "out of context" remarks.
Llwyd argued "The language now being used in Exmoor is exactly the same issues as in Wales except that we have an added dimension in Wales of the language and the culture" and called on other parties to join in a debate to "talk about the Exmoor suggestion and see if we can now bring it into Wales" The following spring Snowdonia National Park (Welsh: Parc Cenedlaethol Eryri) and Pembrokeshire Coast National Park (Welsh: Parc Cenedlaethol Arfordir Penfro) authorities followed the example set by Exmoor and began limiting second home ownership within the parks
Impeach Blair campaign
In August 2004 Llwyd joined Adam Price in a campaign to impeach then Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair over the alleged misleading of the UK Parliament and for allegedly making a secret agreement with then US President George W. Bush to overthrow Saddam Hussein, amongst other charges. Llwyd and then Scottish National Party (SNP) group leader Alex Salmond co-drafted the motion.
Impeachment had not been used in the UK for one hundred and fifty years. If successful, it could have seen Blair tried before the House of Lords; however, as expected, the measure failed.
Llwyd had told the Guardian Unlimited that "leading the debate on the unlawfulness of the attack on Iraq - in particular opening a debate calling for the disclosure of the attorney general's opinion in full in March 2004," was his proudest moment.
In November 2005, the campaign announced a new motion (this time with the support of the Liberal Democrats) asking for a Commons committee to examine the conduct of ministers before and after the war. The campaign tabled an Early Day Motion:
"Conduct of Government Policy in relation to the war against Iraq"
"That this House believes that there should be a select committee of 7 Members, being members of Her Majesty's Privy Council, to review the way in which the responsibilities of Government were discharged in relation to Iraq and all matters relevant thereto, in the period leading up to military action in that country in March 2003 and in its aftermath".
The motion collected 151 signatures, including some Labour back-benchers.
By October 2006, Llwyd joined in a three-hour debate on an inquiry into the Iraq War, the first such debate in over two years. The SNP and Plaid Cymru motion proposing a committee of seven senior MPs to review "the way in which the responsibilities of government were discharged in relation to Iraq", was defeated by 298 votes to 273, a Government majority of 25, but was supported by a significant number of opposition MPs, and twelve "rebel" Labour MPs, including Glenda Jackson.
Despite the lack of debate on the original impeachment motion, Llwyd, Price, and others pledged to continue the impeachment campaign. However, with the resignation of Blair on 27 June 2007, the entire issue of impeachment may now be moot.
Cash-for-Honours Scandal
In March 2007 Elfyn Llwyd was one of three individuals who made complaints about the Labour Government under section 1 of the Honours Act 1925 to the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police. The other complainants were Angus MacNeill MP (Scottish National Party) and an individual who remains unidentified to this day. These three complaints led to a police investigation headed by Assistant Commissioner John Yates. The whole affair was dubbed by some in the media the Cash for Honours scandal.
2007 Welsh Assembly election spending controversy
Following the 2007 Welsh Assembly elections, a UK parliamentary standards and privileges committee found Plaid MPs Llwyd, Adam Price and Hywel Williams guilty of improperly advertising during the elections. Though the committee admitted the three did not break any clear rules of the UK House of Commons, the committee believed the timing of the adverts were planned to coincide with the Assembly elections.
Parliamentary funds are available for MPs to communicate with constituents regularly. However the committee found that the three used this communication allowance improperly as part of Plaid's campaigning during the elections as the adverts were placed in publications with a circulation outside of their respective constituencies.
Of the committee findings, Llwyd said that they would comply with the findings of the committee, but that they had "...acted in good faith throughout, and fully in line with the advice that was offered to us by the DFA (Department of Finance and Administration) at the time of the publication of the reports". The three had to repay the money, about five thousand pounds each, and report the costs as part of Plaid's election spending.
Peerage call
At the Llandudno party conference 2007, Llwyd encouraged the party to nominate peers into the House of Lords, citing that Plaid peers would "help ensure planned legislation for Wales was not blocked at Westminster", adding that many in the Lords may want to prevent full law-making powers for Wales. In January 2011, Dafydd Wigley joined Lord Elis-Thomas in the House of Lords.
References
External links
Elfyn Llwyd MP official constituency website
Elfyn Llwyd MP Plaid Cymru profile
Notice of Appointment to the Privy Council
1951 births
Living people
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Plaid Cymru MPs
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
Welsh-speaking politicians
Pluto's Christmas Tree is a 1952 Mickey Mouse cartoon in which Pluto and Mickey cut down a Christmas tree that Chip n' Dale live in. It was the 125th short in the Mickey Mouse film series to be released, and the second for that year. While the chipmunks are usually antagonists of Donald Duck, they have pestered Pluto before, in Private Pluto (1943), Squatter's Rights (1946) and Food for Feudin' (1950).
It is one of the few Disney shorts directed by Jack Hannah not to star Donald Duck, although Donald does make a cameo at the end.
Plot
Mickey Mouse and Pluto are searching for a Christmas tree, while Chip 'n' Dale are looking for acorns in the forest. Once the chipmunks see Pluto, they hit him with acorns and escape as he pursues them. Once Pluto is distracted, they hide in a tree. Mickey chops down that very tree, unaware that the two are in it.
Once they get home, Mickey and Pluto decorate the tree and Pluto admires it, but then he notices a light going on and off and investigates it. Dale, who was playing with the light, mistakes Pluto's nose for another light and twists it, revealing himself to Pluto, who then barks at him. Dale retaliates by throwing down ornaments to distract him. Mickey comes by and takes the ornaments from Pluto, unknowingly hanging one of them on Dale, who Pluto fails to alert Mickey to. Pluto then spots Dale stealing chestnuts and chases him up to the top of the fireplace with Santa candle figures. Dale takes a hat and beard from one of the candle figures as a disguise. Pluto notices the strange figure, but he again fails to expose him to Mickey. Frustrated, Pluto knocks the other figures away except Dale. Chip then notices from the tree what is going on. He rescues Dale and heads for the tree. Pluto briefly gets his feet stuck in presents as he gives chase, and has difficulty following the chipmunks up the ladder. As Pluto barks at the chipmunks, they cause the ladder to fall and drop the star on top of the tree onto Pluto's tail. While the chipmunks laugh in victory, Pluto, finally pushed beyond his patience, angrily dives into the tree to attack the chipmunks.
Mickey notices Pluto and tries to pull him out, but gets pulled in instead until the tree is stripped of its decorations and leaves. Mickey scolds Pluto for what he did, but notices Chip and Dale with only a few decorations and all of the branches bare, finally realizing what's really going on. Pluto starts barking at the chipmunks for the trouble they caused until Mickey tells him to stop, saying that it's just the holidays. At the window they see Donald Duck, Goofy and Minnie Mouse singing "Deck the Halls". While Mickey and Pluto's friends are singing, Chip and Dale join in, and then Pluto howls in as well, much to the chipmunks' irritation. They then respond by placing a sticker over Pluto's mouth that reads "DO NOT OPEN TIL XMAS".
Cast
Jimmy MacDonald as Mickey Mouse and Chip
Pinto Colvig as Pluto and Goofy
Ruth Clifford as Minnie Mouse
Clarence Nash as Donald Duck
Dessie Miller as Dale
Credits
Direction: Jack Hannah
Animation: George Kreisl, Fred Moore, Bill Justice, Volus Jones
Storyboards: Bill Berg, Milt Schaffer
Layout: Yale Gracey
Background: Thelma Witmer
Music: Joseph S. Dubin
Other uses
Scenes from this cartoon would be used for Disney's Very Merry Christmas Songs. It would be used for "Deck the Halls" and "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!". "Deck the Halls" would use scenes from this cartoon only and "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!" only uses a small part from this cartoon. Scenes would also be used for other Disney collections, including A Disney Christmas Gift.
Scenes from this cartoon along with scenes from Mickey's Christmas Carol were also set to D-TV's video of Brenda Lee's "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree".
A book published in 1954 from Little Golden Books called Donald Duck's Christmas Tree has the same plot as this cartoon but with Donald Duck instead of Mickey Mouse.
The Encyclopedia of Walt Disney's Characters mistakenly credits Horace Horsecollar and Clarabelle Cow, as appearing in this cartoon.
Home media
The short was released on May 18, 2004 on Walt Disney Treasures: Mickey Mouse in Living Color, Volume Two: 1939-Today.
Additional releases include:
A Walt Disney Christmas (VHS)-1981/1986
Mickey's Magical Christmas: Snowed in at the House of Mouse (VHS) 2001/(DVD) 2001, 2009 (Cartoon is a segment in the film)
Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites Volume 9: Classic Holiday Stories (DVD) 2005
Walt Disney Animation Collection: Classic Short Films Volume 7: Mickey's Christmas Carol (DVD) 2011
Mickey's Christmas Carol 30th Anniversary Edition (DVD, Blu-ray), 2013
Disney+ (streaming), 2019
See also
Mickey Mouse (film series)
List of Christmas films
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
1952 animated films
1952 films
American Christmas films
Animated Christmas films
1950s Disney animated short films
Films directed by Jack Hannah
Films produced by Walt Disney
Mickey Mouse short films
Pluto (Disney) short films
Donald Duck short films
Goofy (Disney) short films
Films scored by Joseph Dubin
RKO Pictures animated short films
1950s Christmas films
1950s English-language films
The Sulawesi fantail (Rhipidura teysmanni) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is endemic to Sulawesi in Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests
There are three subspecies recognized:
R. t. teysmanni Büttikofer, 1892 - montane southwestern Sulawesi
R. t. toradja Stresseman, 1931 - montane central and southeastern Sulawesi
R. t. coomansi van Marle, 1940 - montane northern Sulawesi
The subspecies coomansi was recognized by the International Ornithological Congress in 2022.
References
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Rhipidura
Birds described in 1892
Taxa named by Johann Büttikofer
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tore Torgersen (born 10 September 1968) was one of the world's leading ten-pin bowlers. He is born in Stavanger, Norway but lives in Sweden.
Tore started to bowl in 1980.
Tore has bowled in the prestigious Weber Cup on three occasions and won two of those events.
Tore is a member of the bowling team BK Skrufscha / Sweden and Trondheim BK / Norway.
Torgersen has stated that the highlight of his career was becoming world champion in the UAE. He also won the Bowling World Cup in Hermosillo, Mexico in 1994.
In 2002 Torgersen thrilled a capacity crowd to become the first double champion of the Hasseröder World Tenpin Masters. In 2006, he became a three time World Tenpin Masters champion.
He was a member of the PBA (Professional Bowlers Association) earlier but he now runs a proshop and rarely plays outside of Scandinavia unless there's a major championship.
As a 50-year old, Torgersen won the 2019 Suncoast PBA Senior U.S. Open, a major event on the PBA50 Tour, defeating top qualifier Mika Koivuniemi of Finland in an all-Scandinavia final. No longer a PBA member, Torgerson was not credited with a PBA50 title.
References
External links
Tore Torgersen's personal website
Tore Torgersen clips
Industry profile of Tore Torgersen
Torgerson
Living people
1968 births
Sportspeople from Stavanger
Eilema albostriatum is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Lars Kühne in 2010. It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
References
Moths described in 2010
albostriatum
Insects of Namibia
Moths of Africa
William Arthur Zuill (1867 – 21 June 1942) was an Australian politician.
He was born at Saltwater near Grafton to grazier John Zuill and Janet Anderson. He attended local private schools, and an accident during his childhood left him partially crippled. In 1895 he purchased a dairy farm at Lower Southgate, later becoming an estate agent and valuer at Grafton. In 1915 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Clarence; he stood as an Independent Liberal endorsed by the Farmers and Settlers Association, but later joined the Nationalist Party. He was defeated in 1920 and died at Grafton in 1942.
References
1867 births
1942 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Michigan's 100th House of Representatives district (also referred to as Michigan's 100th House district) is a legislative district within the Michigan House of Representatives located in parts of Clare and Lake counties, as well as all of Mecosta and Osceola counties. The district was created in 1965, when the Michigan House of Representatives district naming scheme changed from a county-based system to a numerical one.
List of representatives
Recent Elections
Historical district boundaries
References
Michigan House of Representatives districts
Oceana County, Michigan
Newaygo County, Michigan
Lake County, Michigan
Joseph or Joe Garner may refer to:
Joe Garner (born 1988), English footballer
Joseph Garner, Baron Garner (1908–1983), British diplomat
Joe Garner (businessman) (born 1969), chief executive of Nationwide Building Society
Joe Garner (author), American author and radio executive
See also
Joel Garner (born 1952), West Indian cricketer
Dzüvürü Ward also known as Porterlane, is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima.
Education
Educational Institutions in Dzüvürü Ward:
Colleges
Modern College, Kohima
Schools
Dzüvürü Public School
Porterlane Government Middle School
Schola 'Lojes' School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Dzüvürü Ward
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Highway 5 (AR 5, Ark. 5, and Hwy. 5) is a designation for three state highways in Arkansas. The southern segment of runs from Highway 7 in Hot Springs north to US Highway 70 (US 70) in Little Rock. A northern segment of begins at US Highway 67/US Highway 167 (Future Interstate 57) in Cabot and runs north to Missouri Route 5, including a lengthy overlap with Highway 25 between Heber Springs and Wolf Bayou. A portion of Highway 5 is designated as part of the Sylamore Scenic Byway.
The Main Street Bridge in Little Rock carries a hidden Highway 5 designation. The bridge is in span.
Route description
Hot Springs to Little Rock
Highway 5 begins north of Hot Springs at Highway 7 and runs northeast to Fountain Lake. In the city the highway has a junction with Highway 128 before entering Saline County and Hot Springs Village. Continuing east, Highway 5 serves as the southern terminus for Highway 9 at Crows. Northwest of Benton the highway has a junction with Highway 298 before entering the city and passing several residential subdivisions. Near Saline Memorial Hospital, Highway 5 has a junction with Interstate 30/US Highway 67/US Highway 70 (I-30/US 67/US 70) and Highway 35. Highway 5 continues onto the freeway, beginning an eastbound concurrency toward Little Rock. Highway 35 runs south toward downtown Benton and eventually Sheridan and Monticello.
I-30/US 67/US 70/AR 5 run northeast past the Congo Rd exit before Highway 5 exits onto the frontage road and onto Military Rd, ending the concurrency. The highway passes the Hester-Lenz House, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), prior to the Bryant city limits. Upon entering Bryant, Highway 5 runs parallel to I-30/US 67/US 70 approximately north of the limited-access highway. An intersection with Highway 183 (Reynolds Rd) near the historic Andrew Hunter House gives access to downtown Bryant as well as the freeway. Continuing east, Highway 5 intersects Highway 835 (Woody Dr) which leads to the Alexander branch of the Arkansas Department of Human Services's Youth Service Center, after which it enters Pulaski County.
Highway 5 meets Otter Creek Rd and Highway 338 (Baseline Rd), both collector roads for I-30/US 67/US 70 in southwest Little Rock. Entering a suburban area, Highway 5 crosses I-430, passes the historic Dr. Morgan Smith House, and meets Highway 300 (Colonel Glenn Rd) before terminating at US 70 (University Ave) near the University of Arkansas at Little Rock campus.
Main Street Bridge
The Main Street Bridge in Little Rock carries a hidden AR 5 designation. The route is in span and multi-lane divided.
Cabot to Heber Springs
AR 5 begins at US 67/167 (Future I-57) south of Cabot and runs north to cross AR 89 and AR 319. The route continues north to meet US 64 south of El Paso and AR 310 near Romance. AR 5 and AR 310 form a concurrency that runs until AR 36 in Rose Bud. AR 5 continues north to Heber Springs, where it begins to concur with AR 16/AR 25.
AR 5 leaves AR 25 near Wolf Bayou, when AR 5 begins to run with AR 87, named Mountain View Road. The two routes meet AR 14 in front of the Stone County Medical Center in south Mountain View. AR 5/AR 14/AR 87 run briefly west to Sylamore Avenue, when they meet AR 9. AR 5/AR 9/AR 14 run north through town to Allison, when AR 5 continues northward alone. Passing through the Ozark National Forest, AR 5 emerges near Calico Rock. The route takes a turn northwest, concurring with AR 177 near Norfork. Entering Mountain Home, AR 5 crosses US 62 southeast of town. AR 5 becomes 9th Street, meeting US 412/US 62 BUS/AR 101 in downtown Mountain Home. The route continues northwest to Midway, after which it heads north to the Missouri state line. AR 5 terminates at Route 5.
Missouri Route 5 runs entirely across Missouri and eventually becomes Iowa Highway 5.
History
Highway 5 was created in 1926 as one of the original numbered state highways in Arkansas. At time of creation, AR 5 did not extend south of Little Rock. The segment between Little Rock and Benton is the former alignment of US 67/US 70 in that area and was re-designated as Highway 5 upon completion of the freeway segment of US 67/US 70 (now I-30) in 1955.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
005
Transportation in Garland County, Arkansas
Transportation in Saline County, Arkansas
Transportation in Pulaski County, Arkansas
Transportation in Lonoke County, Arkansas
Transportation in White County, Arkansas
Transportation in Cleburne County, Arkansas
Transportation in Stone County, Arkansas
Transportation in Izard County, Arkansas
Transportation in Baxter County, Arkansas
U.S. Route 67
U.S. Route 70
Thuruthipuram, also known as Chathedom Thuruthipuram, is a village on the borders of Ernakulam district and Thrissur in Paravur Taluk, Kerala, India. Situated on the Periyar River, the rainy season can prove challenging for residents, with occasional flooding of lower-lying areas. Fishing provides an important source of income for many villagers.
The village is inhabited by people of different religions, mainly Hindus and Christians. The church name is St. Francis Assisi church which is a Latin Catholic church and forms part of the Kottapuram Diocese. According to the historical books, Thuruthipuram was the native of the first Roman Catholic group of the Archdiocese of Verapoly. The temple's name is Muruka-Valli-Devasena temple. The place contains schools, a college and a hospital which are controlled by the church. There is a post office (Pin Code: 680667). AAJM Hospital is one of the oldest hospitals in this area which was initially run by foreign missionaries.
Thuruthipuram is well known for its boat races and Chavittu nadakam. The famous "Thuruthippuram Boat Race" is conducted in the Thuruthipuram river. This boat race is one of the oldest boat races in central Kerala. In 2016, a group of people from this place built a "Iruttukuthi"(also known as "OOdi") boat and named it "Thuruthippuram". This is the first B grade Iruttukuthi boat in kerala with a village's name.
Culture
Inhabitants are mainly Christians and Hindus. The village is known for hosting boat races and has a boat club named 'Thuruthipuram Boat Club (TBC)'. TBC rowing Gabriel Chundan won Nehru Trophy in 2017 beating Mahadevikkad Kattilthekkethi. Thuruthipuram also has a snake boat (iruttukuthi category) in its name, one of the first competing snake boats (oodivallom) bearing the name of a village. The village also has a volleyball team called 'Pournami' and a football club called 'Arrows '.
Many villagers also practice Chavittu nadakam, a classical art form of Latin Christians.
Festivals
St. Francis Church's feast is usually celebrated during the first week of October, followed by the feast of Saint Mary in December.
Both Onam and Christmas are celebrated with the same vigour by the people.
See also
North Paravur
Ernakulam District
References
Thurithipuram boat race photos by Times of India
Villages in Ernakulam district
Neighbourhoods in Kochi
Peter Fredrik Feilberg (7 April 1800 – 5 August 1863) was a Norwegian newspaper editor, bookseller and printer, who also served as mayor of Skien.
Biography
He was born in Tønsberg in Vestfold, Norway. He was the son of Jacob Feilberg (1753-1816) and Anna Granberg (1761-1854). His family had immigrated from Flensburg, Southern Schleswig in 1787. Peter Feilberg was a dyer by education. He also operated a printing press, ran a book shop and later a rental library.
In 1830 Feilberg started Skiens Ugeblad which was the first newspaper in Skien. He was notably convicted of libel in 1837 and sentenced to pay 60 speciedaler; the complaint having been filed by County Governor Frederik Wilhelm Wedel Jarlsberg (1787-1863). Feilberg's defender Pavels Hielm (1781-1846) was also convicted of inappropriate procedure and was sentenced to pay a fine of 10 speciedaler for having recited a poem during the final speech of the defence.
Skiens Ugeblad was liquidated in 1839, but in January 1840 he started another newspaper Bratsberg Amtstidende. In 1843 Herman Bagger (1800-1880) was brought in as co-editor and the name of the newspaper was changed to Bratsberg Amtstidende og Correspondent. In 1844, Bagger left to form his own newspaper Bratsberg Amts Correspondent (later changed to Correspondenten) which was pressed by Jens Melgaard who owned a pressing plant rivaling that of Feilberg. At that time, Feilberg's newspaper reverted to its former name of Bratsberg Amtstidende. Bratsberg Amtstidende and Correspondenten would maintain a fierce rivalry.
In 1837, when local government was introduced in Norway, Feilberg was elected to the first city council of Skien. This was made possible in part when County Governor Wedel Jarlsberg stepped down that same year. Feilberg had allied with Frederik Charlow Sophus Borchsenius (1808-1880) who was a member of parliament. Feilberg then served as mayor of Skien from 1838 to 1840. Herman Bagger, who had previously served as mayor of Gjerpen, later became mayor of Skien and also a long serving member of parliament.
Personal life
In 1824, he with married to his cousin Henrikke Fransiska Feilberg (1800-1872). His daughter Eleonora Amanda Feilberg (1833-1883) and her son Peter Fredrik Feilberg-Hansen (1862-1935) were also photographers. The son Karl-Fredrik Feilberg (1828-190 ) was Rector of Kristiansand Cathedral School.
References
1800 births
1863 deaths
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian booksellers
Norwegian printers
Mayors of places in Telemark
Politicians from Skien
Politicians from Tønsberg
19th-century journalists
Male journalists
19th-century Norwegian writers
19th-century Norwegian male writers
Thunstetten Castle is a castle in the municipality of Thunstetten of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Juno and Avos (, Junona I Avos') is a popular Russian-language rock opera written by Alexey Rybnikov, poetry by Andrei Voznesensky. It was first performed in 1981 in the Lenkom Theatre, Moscow, directed by Mark Zakharov. Main roles in the premiere performed by Soviet stars Nikolai Karachentsov and Elena Shanina.
The opera is named after the two ships Juno and Avos that constituted the expedition headed by Russian explorer Nikolai Rezanov. The plot is based on the love story of Nikolai Rezanov and Concepción Argüello, a 15-year-old daughter of José Darío Argüello, the colonial governor of Spanish California.
The performance was first recorded for television in 1983, the second television version was created in 2002.
The opera's first premiere abroad took place at Espace Cardin theater in Paris in 1983.
Original story
The libretto of Juno and Avos is based on Andrey Voznesensky's poem "Avos!" written in 1970. The poem is based on actual events of 1806 surrounding the love story of Nikolai Rezanov, a Russian nobleman, and Maria Concepción Argüello, the daughter of the Spanish governor of Alta California José Darío Argüello. Voznesensky was inspired by Rezanov's diary, George Alexander Lensen books about the Rezanov expeditions, the Bret Harte ballad "Conception de Arguello" and Piotr Tikhmenev's "A History of the Russian-American Company".
In 1806 Nikolai Rezanov arrived in California, then a part of New Spain, to get provisioning for Russian settlements in Alaska. Maria fell in love with Rezanov and they got engaged. To marry Maria, a Catholic, Rezanov had to obtain the Emperor's permission. He also had to sail back to Alaska. On his way back to Saint Petersburg he fell ill and died in Krasnoyarsk in 1807 at the age of 43. A year later, Alexander Andreyevich Baranov told Maria the news, but she would not believe it until 1842 when Sir George Simpson gave her a detailed account of Rezanov's death. She took a vow of silence and lived in a monastery in Monterey, California until her death in 1857.
In the fall of 2000 the sheriff of Benicia, California, where Maria is buried, brought a handful of earth and a rose from her grave to Rezanov's grave in Krasnoyarsk. The cross on the grave is engraved with "I will never forget you" on one side and "I will never see you again" on the other, referencing a line from a popular track of the opera performed by a male and a female singer.
Voznesensky never claimed historical accuracy in his account, stating that characters in his poem are images echoing the fates of real people.
Plot
After his wife's death, Court Chamberlain Rezanov decides to commit himself entirely to the service of Russia. His attempts to arrange trade with North America are not well received at government, but finally he is ordered to organize the expedition he desires. Before his departure, Rezanov tells a story that has been bothering him since his youth. Once he saw the icon of Our Lady of Kazan and since then he feels he is in love with Mary. Mary visits Rezanov in one of his dreams and tells him not to be afraid of his feelings, promising to pray for him.
Two ships, Juno and Avos, under Russian Navy Ensign are leaving for California. In then-Spanish California, the governor is preparing for the wedding of his daughter Conchita and Sir Fernando. Rezanov greets the Californians on behalf of Russia and the governor invites him, as the ambassador of Czar Alexander, to the 16th birthday ball for his daughter. Nikolai asks Conchita for a dance, which turns into a fateful event in the lives of the two and Fernando. Fernando is jealous, and guests cynically make bets on whether Rezanov will "pluck the California flower". Both men, Fernando and Rezanov, understand that neither one will give up without a fight. At night Conchita prays to Mary, and Nikolai comes to her room. The two fall in love and secretly become engaged.
But good fortune is no longer on Rezanov's side. Fernando calls for a duel. The Russian-American company business is in decline. The scandal prompts the Russians to leave San Francisco. On his way back to Saint Petersburg, Rezanov falls ill and dies in Krasnoyarsk. Conchita dies in a Dominican monastery.
Credits
Original 1980 album version
Gennady Trofimov – Nikolai Rezanov
Anna Rybnikova – Conchita
Peteris Tils – Federico
Felix Ivanov – Count Rumyantsev; Lieutenant Khvostov; Father Yuvenali
Alexander Samoilov – Jose Dario Arguello
Jeanne Rozhdestvenkaya – Our Lady's Voice
Konstantin Kuzhaliev – Lieutenant Davydov
Original 1981 stage version cast
Nikolai Karachentsov – Nikolai Rezanov
Elena Shanina – Conchita
Aleksandr Abdulov – Fernando Lopez, Conchita's suitor; theatre actor; the heretic
Pavel Smeyan – the first narrator
Gennady Trofimov – the second narrator
Vladimir Shiryaev – Aleksey Rumyantsev; José Darío Argüello, governor of San-Francisco and Conchita's father
References
External links
A.M. Robertson, The Love Story of Concha Arguello
Russian-language operas
Rock operas
Russian America
Colonial Mexico
1981 operas
Unyamikumbi is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 6,115 people in the ward, from 12,616 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Advanced Sports International (ASI) is an American bicycle company whose flagship brand is Fuji Bikes. It also owns smaller brands including triathlon-focused Kestrel USA, component maker Oval Concepts, Breezer bikes, Tuesday Cycles and BMX maker SE Bikes. ASI is headquartered in Philadelphia and was led by Patrick Cunnane until filing for bankruptcy.
History
The company was established in 1998. The company has generally followed a strategy of buying struggling brands and returning them to profitability. ASI purchased Fuji Bikes in 1998 after Fuji's sales had declined due to missing the mountain biking boom. It soon repositioned the brand from a mass-market brand sold mainly in sporting goods stores to a higher-end brand sold by more independent bicycle dealers.
It bought Breezer Bikes in 2008, Oval Concepts in 2009, and Phat Cycles in 2015. In August 2016, it purchased the bicycle retailer Performance Bicycle.
In 2007, the company's total revenue was $50 million, with about 5% market share among bikes sold by independent dealers. By 2015, that had grown to $105 million.
It is associated with the Taiwanese bicycle manufacturer Ideal Bike Corp.
Advanced Sports International filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on November 16, 2018. All Performance Bike stores are closing.
On February 1, 2019, the Tiger Group won ASI at auction.
References
External links
Bicycle framebuilders
Companies based in Philadelphia
Privately held companies of the United States
Cycle manufacturers of the United States
The Accademia Musicale Jacopo Napoli (English: Jacopo Napoli Academy) is a music institute in Cava de' Tirreni.
It was founded in 1987 by Felice Cavaliere and named after Jacopo Napoli, famous Neapolitan composer. It organizes Master classes in the major musical instruments as well as singing, string instruments and conducting. The music courses have been presented by the Academy Jacopo Napoli of Cava de' Tirreni since 1987 and annually attract hundreds of young musicians from all over the world who receive advanced training under the guidance of internationally renowned teachers and performers.
Among the teachers at the Academy are Leonid Margarius, Sonig Tchakerian, Marco Fiorini, Gabriele Geminiani and many others. Today, the summer Academy of Cava de' Tirreni can be considered as one of the major musical training programmes in the Country due to the outstanding level of the renowned teaching staff on its roster and the artistic level and number of the participants.
The Academy organizes also the Festival of Chamber Music "Le Corti dell'Arte", which takes place in August, where artists such as Michele Campanella, Maxence Larrieu, and François-Joël Thiollier have performed.
The Festival takes place in the ancient courts of the noble palaces of the Old Town of Cava de' Tirreni.
For almost a decade, the Academy has organized a prestigious course of orchestral conducting held by Bruno Aprea; it aimed at the production of operas that have been performed in concert.
During the past years, the Academy organized many events; one of the most important is the Amalfi Coast Music & Arts Festival in collaboration with the Center for Musical Studies in Washington. The Academy organized also manifold concert seasons and the International Singing Competition "Vissi d'Arte", in Eboli.
The activity of the Academy has been described in several Italian magazines and publications (see references).
References
25 anni in Musica, Grafica Metelliana Edizioni, 2012
AR - andata e ritorno. Viaggi tra storia, tradizioni e luoghi, Area Blu Edizioni (in Italian and English), 2014
External links
Official website www.jacoponapoli.it
Music schools in Italy
Educational institutions established in 1987
1987 establishments in Italy
Will Bunn "Bunny" Matthews III (February 15, 1951 – June 1, 2021) was an American cartoonist and writer from the Greater New Orleans Area. He is best known for his depictions of New Orleans characters and local dialect, especially Vic and Nat'ly Broussard.
Early life
Matthews was born in Monroe, Louisiana in 1951. His family moved to the New Orleans suburb of Metairie when he was three years old. He graduated from East Jefferson High School in Metairie, and afterwards worked at Jim Russell Records before enrolling at the University of New Orleans. Due to a high draft lottery number that decreased his chances of being sent to the Vietnam War, he dropped out of college and began working as a freelance writer.
Career
Matthews's characters Vic and Nat'ly Broussard is an overweight husband and wife who speak in what some call the Yat dialect and run a working-class corner bar and po-boy emporium in the city's Ninth Ward. In light of these characters' sometimes unfavorable reception, it bears noting that Matthews has often and repeatedly described others' use of the word "Yat" as derogatory.
Matthews' cartooning style has been called "post-psychedelic baroque". Vic and Nat'ly first appeared in 1982 in Dixie, a former weekly supplement of The Times-Picayune. Matthews' first cartoon strip was titled F'Sure: Actual Dialogue Heard on the Streets of New Orleans, published from the late-1970s to the early-1980s in the defunct New Orleans weekly paper Figaro for which Matthews also wrote music reviews. A collection of some F'Sure strips was published in book form in 1978.
Some of Matthews' artwork can be viewed in the Louisiana State Museum in Baton Rouge, the Audubon Insectarium in New Orleans, and gracing the sides of New Orleans bakery Leidenheimer Baking Co.'s delivery trucks. His original illustrations can be found in the Historic New Orleans Collection, which also commissioned Matthews to create a large mural for the official City of New Orleans Pavilion at the 1984 World's Fair. His exhibitions include "Chihuahua: King of New Orleans Dogs" (Scheurich Gallery), "The Art of Bunny Matthews" (Contemporary Arts Center, New Orleans), "Bunny Matthews: Art For Heterosexuals" (Space Gallery), "Da Eve O'Destruction" (Vega Tapas Cafe), "Too Many Bunnies" (Arthur Roger 434), "Black and White" (Arthur Roger Gallery), "The People of New Orleans From A-Z" (Arthur Roger Gallery), "Before and After" (Arthur Roger Gallery), and "Bunny Matthews" (Arthur Roger Gallery). His monumental painting, "Nint'Wardica," based on Pablo Picasso's "Guernica" and inspired by the BP oil disaster in 2010, was displayed at the Ogden Museum of Southern Art.
During his career as a music journalist, Matthews interviewed countless celebrities including James Brown, Brenda Lee, Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, Bunny Wailer, Lee "Scratch" Perry, Professor Longhair, Fats Domino, Eddie Bo, Ernie K-Doe, King Floyd, Bobby Marchan, Jessie Hill, Albert Collins, Elvis Costello, Mark E. Smith, Marilyn Chambers, Cab Calloway, Black Flag, Jonathan Richman, Suzi Quatro, Al Green, and 1978 Playmate of the Year Debra Jo Fondren. He composed album liner notes for artists including Smiley Lewis, The Meters, Earl King and James Booker, with whom Matthews was close friends until his death in 1983. He was editor of the New Orleans entertainment magazine OffBeat from 1999 to 2005.
On February 15, 2012, Matthews' band, Bunny and the Playboys, performed for the first time at Tipitina's. The band includes guitarist/vocalist Christopher Stoudt, guitarist Anton Gussoni and bassist Colby Kiefer.
Personal life
Starting in the late 1980s, Matthews resided in Abita Springs, Louisiana, across Lake Pontchartrain north of the city. In 2015 he underwent multiple surgeries for a malignant brain tumor, from which he had largely recovered as of April 2016.
Matthews married Deborah Murphy (born 1961) on October 11, 1986. They were married for 31 years before Deborah died on April 3, 2018, due to complications from cancer. The couple had two children, Noah and Jude.
Matthews died in hospice care at Wynhoven Health Care Center in Marrero on June 1, 2021, of central nervous system lymphoma, at the age of 70.
Books
F'Sure!: Actual Dialogue Heard on the Streets of New Orleans (1978)
Vic and Nat'ly (1983)
Vic and Nat'ly, volume II (1985)
Vic and Nat'ly's 1985: A New Orleans Calendar (1984)
Journey Towards Christmas: A Travelogue, 1914-1994 (1992)
References
External links
Lambiek Comiclopedia biography.
https://web.archive.org/web/20120423063644/http://www.neworleansstyle.net/
http://www.offbeat.com/author/bunny-matthews/ (Archive of Matthews' Music Writing with Offbeat Magazine)
Video of Bunny and the Playboys: The Antichrist Birthday Party, 2.12.12 @ Tipitina's.
1951 births
2021 deaths
American cartoonists
American comics artists
Artists from New Orleans
People from Monroe, Louisiana
People from Abita Springs, Louisiana
People from Metairie, Louisiana
East Jefferson High School alumni
University of New Orleans alumni
Deaths from cancer in Louisiana
Deaths from lymphoma
The Abram S. Hewitt was a coal-powered fireboat operated by the Fire Department of New York City from 1903 to 1958.
She was the department's last coal-powered vessel and had a pumping capacity of 7,000 gallons per minute.
She was launched on July 11, 1903, at the shipyards of the New York Shipbuilding Corporation in Camden, New Jersey. She was commissioned in October 1903, and was named after recently deceased former mayor Abram Hewitt.
Operational history
According to some accounts, she was the first fireboat called to the 1904 burning of the General Slocum, where over a thousand people lost their lives.
Other accounts say the Zophar Mills was the first fireboat to be dispatched.
On August 14, 1913, a fire was discovered at a large oil storage yard, on what was then Long Island City, and the Abram S. Hewitt was sent to try to put it out. While extinguishing the fire her "bow gun", her frontmost water cannon, burst from her footings, flying into the air, and striking Bertram Johnson, the firefighter assigned to it. He was declared dead, at the scene.
On January 28, 1927, the Abram S. Hewitts captain, John Connoly, was jolted into the Hudson River by a collision. Although he was burdened by heavy fire equipment he was able to swim to a barge, where he clung to a boathook lowered to him by a crew member. It took the Abram S. Hewitt half an hour to return and rescue him, because it was damaged by the collision.
On April 29, 1930, the Abram S. Hewitt responded when Cornelius Vanderbilt III's luxurious yacht, the Winchester, was set ablaze following a boiler explosion.
The Abram S. Hewitt was called to assist other fireboats when a large fire burst out of control a second time. The fire burst out at pier 4. Barrels of flammable liquids had destroyed the pier, and two neighboring piers, but firefighters thought the blaze had been brought under control. However, when it burst out again the Abram S. Hewitt was better suited to navigate through debris, close to the fire.
The Abram S. Hewitt was eventually taken to the Staten Island boat graveyard.
See also
Fireboats in New York City
References
Fireboats of New York City
Ships built by New York Shipbuilding Corporation
1903 ships
Abdallah Hani El Masri عبدالله هاني المصري (born 1962, Beirut) is a Lebanese-Russian composer, now resident in Kuwait, of mostly orchestral and chamber works that have been performed in Africa, Europe and the Middle East.
https://youtube.com/user/abdallaelmasri
Life and career
El-Masri studied guitar with Isaa Escaf at a music school in Hammana from 1977–79 and studied guitar and music theory with Joseph Ashkhanyan at the Centre Culturel Espagnol in Beirut from 1979-82. He then studied composition with Konstantin Batashov and Roman Ledenyov, theory and harmony with Yuri Vorontsov and Yuri Kholopov and orchestration with Nikolai Rakov at the Tchaikovsky Conservatory in Moscow from 1982–93, where he earned his MFA in 1991 and DMus in 1993.
Among his honors is an honorable mention in the young composers competition of the Tchaikovsky Conservatory (1988). He has been an active member of the Russian Composers Union since 1998. His music has been performed in Egypt, France, Germany, Kuwait, Lebanon, Russia, and Switzerland.
El-Masri is also active in other positions. He founded the vocal ensemble Al-Jabal in 1977 and wrote songs for it from 1977-82. Later he founded the vocal ensemble Al-Wilada in 1984, which performed in Germany and Russia, and disbanded in 1990. In addition, he has written the books Practical Course of Orchestration (1995, Kuwait Higher Institute of Music) and Instruments of the Orchestra (2001, Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Beirut) and traditional harmony book “TANAGHOM AL ALHAN تناغم الالحان” (Kuwait, Sofia library 2020)
As a guitarist, he worked with the Al Mayadeen vocal ensemble (directed by Marcel Khalife) from 1977–82 and also arranged music for this group. He was also active as a guitarist in various ensembles in Lebanon from 1979–82 and toured Europe and the US in 1982. He has taught composition at both the Kuwait Higher Institute of Music in Kuwait City and PAAET Kuwait since 1994. He has also lectured in Kuwait and Russia.
One of his most notable pupils a multi stylist Kuwaiti contemporary classical music composer is Abdulaziz Shabakouh.
In addition to the works listed below, El-Masri has composed much stage music.
Complete list of works
Orchestral
Samaii, nay, riqq, string orchestra, 1983-86 (section of In Arabic Mood II; may be performed separately);
Symphony No. 1, 1991;
Symphony No. 2, 1994;
Violin Concerto, 2001;
Piano Concerto, 2003;
"Matar" for mezzo-soprano, piano choir and orchestra, 2010;
Oud Concerto, 2011
Cello Concerto, 2012
Symphony no. 3, 2016;
Symphony no. 4 (Reflections), 2021
two prayer (requiem song to Beirut) and (minute prayer to Bassam Saba) for strings Orchestra and French horn, 2020
a shildren's calendar (in old Style) for orchestra, 2020
Chamber music
Sonata, violin, piano, 1985;
String Quartet, 1985–86;
Quintet, clarinet, harp, violin, viola, cello, 1986;
Suite, flute, piano, 1986;
In Arabic Mood I, 1986-87 (each of its four sections may be performed separately: [1] flute, clarinet, bassoon; [2] string quartet; [3] oboe, violin, cello, piano; [4] 2 trumpets, 2 trombones);
Three Moods, E-flat clarinet, clarinet, bass clarinet, basset horn, 1988;
Elegy, violin, cello, piano, 1989;
Guitar Quartet, 4 guitars, 1996
"JIMALI WALI" THEME FROM IRAQI FOLK SONG, 2002
piano Sonata 2020
Choral
In Arabic Mood II (vocalise), 1983-86 (each of its two sections may be performed separately: [1] Samaii, nay, riqq, string orchestra; [2] small mixed chorus, string orchestra)
Vocal
Poème (text by Paul Shaul), baritone, cello, piano, 1987;
"Matar" for mezzo-soprano, piano and orchestra (choral Ad.lib), 2010;
Notes
20th-century classical composers
Russian classical composers
Russian male classical composers
Russian people of Lebanese descent
Lebanese composers
1962 births
Living people
Moscow Conservatory alumni
Musicians from Beirut
Lebanese emigrants to Kuwait
20th-century Russian male musicians
Aleksandr Musafovic Makhmutov (born 10 March 1966) is a Russian boxer. He competed in the men's light flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Career
Makhmutov continued boxing and briefly held the EBU flyweight champion between 1999 and 2000. He returned to the championship in late 2000 and has defended it five times before losing when challenging for the WBO flyweight world champion against a French Brahim Asloum in 2004. He retired after this defeat. Before that, in 2003 he had challenged for the WBO flyweight world champion once against Omar Narváez of Argentina, losing by TKO.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Russian male boxers
Olympic boxers of the Soviet Union
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Elektrostal
Light-flyweight boxers
Flyweight boxers
Super-flyweight boxers
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Ugljare () or Uglara (), is a village in the Gračanica municipality of Kosovo. Ugljare was part of the Kosovo Polje municipality before the Gračanica municipality was created.
It is a Serb enclave; it has a supermajority of ethnic Serbs.
Ugljare is located about 5 kilometers from city center of Pristina and 12 kilometers from the Gračanica monastery. There is river passing through the Ugljare, Prištevka.
Notes
References
Villages in Gračanica, Kosovo
Serbian enclaves in Kosovo
271P/van Houten–Lemmon (previously P/1960 S1 and ) is a short-period comet discovered in 1966 by Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld on eight Palomar plates taken by Tom Gehrels between 24 September and 26 October 1960 as a hazy object of 17th magnitude. It was considered lost and designated D/1960 S1 until recovered by the Mount Lemmon Survey on 17 September 2012.
References
External links
D/1960 S1 orbit bu Kazuo Kinoshita
MPEC 2012-U98 : P/1960 S1 = 2012 TB36 (van Houten-Lemmon)
Periodic comets
0271
Astronomical objects discovered in 1966
Harrison High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades, located in Harrison, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Harrison Public Schools. Students from East Newark attend Harrison High School as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the East Newark School District, though the East Newark district has sought to switch to sending students to Kearny High School, citing potential cost savings.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 671 students and 54.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.3:1. There were 456 students (68.0% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 104 (15.5% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History
In 2000, the then Harrison High School building (now Washington Middle School) was used as the location of an open casting call by HBO for the series The Sopranos, which brought 15,000-plus TV star hopefuls to the town, doubling the town's population and bringing traffic to a standstill.
In September 2013, Harrison High School was recognized with the National Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the United States Department of Education, one of 286 in the country to receive the award that year.
Awards, recognition and rankings
In September 2013, Harrison High School was recognized by the United States Department of Education as an Exemplary Improving School, as part of the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program.
The school was the 289th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 205th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 213th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 216th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 227th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Schooldigger.com ranked the school 285th out of 367 public high schools statewide in its 2009-10 rankings which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics
The Harrison High School Blue Tide participate in the Meadowlands Division of the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to the NJSIAA's 2010 realignment, the school had participated in the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL). With 525 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II South for football for 2018–2020.
Interscholastic sports played at Harrison High School include:
Boys' Sports - Soccer, Basketball, Volleyball, Tennis, Swimming, Cross Country, and Baseball,
Girls' Sports - Volleyball, Tennis, Soccer, Basketball, Swimming, Cross Country, and Softball
Co-Ed - Football, Cheerleading, and Bowling
The boys soccer team holds the United States high school record with 25 state championships. The boys soccer team won the Group II championship in 1946-1950, 1991 (co-champion with Cinnaminson High School), 2001 (vs. Northern Burlington County Regional High School), 2002 (vs. Hopewell Valley Central High School) and 2003 (co-champion with Delran High School); Group I in 1953-1955, 1958-1960, 1966 (co-champion with Jamesburg High School), 1968 (co-champion with Chatham High School), 1970 (co-champion with Chatham), 1972 (co-champion with Jamesburg), 1975 (vs. Riverside High School), 1976 (co-champion with Riverside), 2006 (vs. Metuchen High School), 2007 (vs. Arthur P. Schalick High School), 2008 (vs. South River High School) and 2014 (vs. Haddon Township High School). The team has won a total of 25 state championships, tied for the most in the state; this total includes titles awarded to the team in 1946-1950, 1954, 1955, 1958 and 1959, prior to the playoff era. The 15 state titles won via playoffs are the second most of any school in the state, The 1966 team finished the season at 12-1-4 after the Group I championship game with Jamesburg ended in a 1-1 tie. The 1972 team finished the season with 13-2-4 record after being declared as the Group I co-champion with Jamesburg following a 1-1 tie after double overtime in the tournament final played at Fairleigh Dickinson University. The 1991 team finished the season with an 18-4-2 after the Group II championship game with Cinnaminson ended in a 0-0 time, marking the program's sixth state championship, five of them as co-champions. The team won the 2006 North II, Group I state sectional championship with a 2-1 win against Glen Ridge High School, then won the Group I state championship with a 2-0 win over Waldwick High School in the semifinals and a 6-0 win against Metuchen in the finals. The 2007 team repeated as North II, Group I state sectional championship with a 3-1 win over Jonathan Dayton High School in the tournament final. The 2007 team won the Group I state championship with a 2-1 win over Arthur P. Schalick High School, the team's 23rd state championship, finishing the season with an 18-5-2 record. The 2008 team won the Group I state championship with a 2-1 win over South River High School. The team finished the season 22-1-1 record and won the 2013 North II, Group II state sectional championship with a 4-0 victory against Leonia High School also winning the Hudson County Tournament against Memorial High School by a score of 2-0. The team finished the season with a 24-3 record and won the program's 25th state title in 2014 with a 4-0 victory against Haddon Township in the Group I final at Kean University. The team finished the season 20-4 record and won the 2016 North II, Group II state sectional championship with a 2-2 penalty shootout victory against Dover High School. The Blue tides won their league division in 2011,2012,2013,2014,2015,2016,2017,2019,2021. The team is coached by Michael Rusek.
The boys' bowling team won the overall state championship in 1959.
The 1960 boys' basketball team won the Group I state title with a 66-54 Dunellen High School in the championship game.
The football team won the 1986 North I Group II state sectional title with a 19-0 win against Hawthorne High School in the championship game, to finish the season with an 8-2-1 record.
The girls' basketball team won the Group III state championship in 1991 with a 61-49 win against runner-up Manasquan High School in the finals.
The boys' volleyball team won the West Jersey Volleyball League, Hudson County, and NJSIAA North II state sectional championships in 2015 and repeated the feat again in 2016.
The new Harrison High School
The new Harrison High School opened its doors in September 2007 for the 2007-08 academic year. The new school, located on the former site of Clayton Container, initiated construction in January 2005 and lasted over two years, with the bulk of its electrical work completed in the summer of 2007. A new athletic complex constructed adjacent to the school building was completed in September 2006, which includes a football/soccer field, baseball diamond, softball diamond, track around the fields, and three tennis courts. Spaces for the high school include thirty general classrooms, four special education classrooms, two classrooms for small group instruction, two gymnasiums (one big, one small), a dance/aerobics studio, instrumental/vocal music room, cafeteria, auditorium, media center, science labs, three computer rooms, and faculty spaces. The building has three floors. The first floor consists of the main office, the nurse's office, the gymnasiums, and the main places. The classrooms are located on the second and third floors. There is a period scheduling of classes (43 minutes per period, with eight periods per day and lunch straddling the 4th period to 6th period). The building formerly known as Harrison High School opened as the new Washington Middle School in September 2007 for students in grades 6-8.
Administration
The school's principal is Matthew D. Weber. His core administration team includes the two assistant principals.
Notable alumni
Timothy Adams (born 1967), model and soap opera actor.
Dave D'Errico (born 1952), former professional soccer player.
Bhairavi Desai, director of the Taxi Workers Alliance.
Daisy Fuentes (born 1966), model.
Joe Gardi (c. 1939-2010), head football coach at Hofstra University for 16 seasons, from 1990 to 2005, where he compiled a record of 119–62–2.
Ray Lucas (born 1972), NFL quarterback.
Fred Shields (1912-1985), soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics and was a phys ed instructor at HHS for 40 years.
Omar Sowe (born 2000), soccer player who plays as a forward for New York Red Bulls II in the USL Championship.
Notable faculty
George Tintle (1892-1975), National Soccer Hall of Fame goalkeeper who coached seven undefeated soccer teams at HHS.
References
External links
Harrison Public School District's Website
School Data for the Harrison Public School District, National Center for Education Statistics
East Newark, New Jersey
Harrison, New Jersey
Public high schools in Hudson County, New Jersey
Thiago Maier dos Santos (born 31 August 1986 in Curitiba, Paraná), known as Schumacher, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Operário Ferroviário.
On 31 August 2009, he was loaned to the Austrian side Austria Wien.
On 25 July 2014, he moved to Académica. After playing for the Italian club Malucelli, he was signed to Castiadas from September 2015 to January 2016 and to Linense from January to April 2016.
References
External links
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
Udinese Calcio players
Ciudad de Murcia footballers
Dijon FCO players
SK Austria Kärnten players
FK Austria Wien players
FC Volyn Lutsk players
Associação Ferroviária de Esportes players
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. players
J. Malucelli Futebol players
Clube Atlético Linense players
Operário Ferroviário Esporte Clube players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Serie A players
Ligue 2 players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Primeira Liga players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Curitiba
1986 births
Living people
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Brazilian people of German descent
Croatia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
See also
Croatia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Croatian sport
John B. Nathman (born April 11, 1948) is a retired United States Navy admiral who served as the Commander, United States Fleet Forces Command until 17 May 2007.
Early career
A native of San Antonio, Texas, Nathman graduated with distinction from the United States Naval Academy in 1970. In 1972, he qualified as a Naval Aviator, receiving the Naval Air Training Command's Outstanding Pilot Graduate Award while also completing a Master of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering.
Nathman has served in a variety of sea, shore and joint assignments, and flown over 40 different types of aircraft during his career. At sea, he flew the F-4 Phantom II with Fighter Squadron Two Thirteen (VF-213) and the F-14 Tomcat with Fighter Squadron Fifty-One (VF-51). He then transitioned to the F/A-18 Hornet, subsequently commanding Strike Fighter Squadron One Thirty-Two (VFA-132) and leading his squadron in the first F/A-18 combat sorties against Libya in 1986. Nathman reported to the aircraft carrier in 1987 as executive officer, and subsequently assumed command of , the flagship for Commander, Middle East Force (COMIDEASTFOR), during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. Nathman returned to the as its commanding officer from 1992 to 1994.
Ashore, Nathman was assigned to the United States Air Force Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base, California, graduating with distinction in 1976. He also served at the Navy Fighter Weapons School (TOPGUN) at Naval Air Station Miramar, California, and oversaw the advanced tactical training of the naval aviators and naval flight officers from the Navy and Marine Corps fighter communities attending TOPGUN. From 1982 to 1984, Nathman was on an exchange assignment with the United States Air Force as the senior naval test pilot flying all project aircraft with the 4477th Test and Evaluation Squadron (4477 TES) at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada. During this time, he flew 61 missions in MiG-21s and 52 missions in MiG-23s as "Bandit 29".
Flag officer
Upon his selection to flag rank in 1994, Nathman served on the NATO staff of commanders, Allied Forces Southern Europe (AF SOUTH), and as Director of Logistics for Commander, NATO Implementation Force (IFOR) during its first out-of-area deployment to Bosnia. In 1996, he commanded Carrier Group Seven, NIMITZ Carrier Strike Group and Battle Force FIFTY in the Persian Gulf. Nathman subsequently served as Director, Air Warfare, on the Chief of Naval Operations staff in Washington, D.C. In August 2000, he took command of Naval Air Force, United States Pacific Fleet and was designated Commander, Naval Air Forces in October 2001. In August 2002, Nathman was assigned as the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfare Requirements and Programs (N6/N7) at the Pentagon.
Nathman served as the 33rd Vice Chief of Naval Operations from August 2004 to February 2005. He assumed command of United States Fleet Forces Command on February 18, 2005, and subsequently retired.
Awards and decorations
Naval Aviator Badge
Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Identification Badge
Post-military
On 2 October 2008, Nathman published a commentary in the Virginian-Pilot praising presidential candidate Barack Obama. In February 2012, he was named a co-chair of the re-election campaign of President Obama. On 6 September 2012, Nathman spoke at the 2012 Democratic National Convention.In July 2022, he joined with other former U.S. military leaders in condemning former president and commander in chief, Donald Trump. "While rioters tried to thwart the peaceful transfer of power and ransacked the Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021, the president and commander in chief, Donald Trump, abdicated his duty to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution.
References
1948 births
Living people
United States Naval Academy alumni
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Naval Aviators
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Vice Chiefs of Naval Operations
20th-century American naval officers
21st-century American naval officers
Recipients of the Humanitarian Service Medal
Stand Your Ground is the second album by the band Little Barrie. The album is produced by Dan the Automator and Mike "Prince Fatty" Pelanconi. The band went for a more straight rock'n'roll sound in their own words as
They choose to work with The Automator
Drumming on the record are new band recruit Billy Skinner and the Blues Explosion's Russell Simins.
Hubert Sumlin joined the band in the studio, though he didn't appear in the final recording.
Some songs in Cadogan's words:
Track listing
"Bailing Out" 2:19
"Love You" 3:05
"Pin That Badge" 3:26
"Yeah We Know You" 3:47
"Green Eyed Fool" 3:34
"Pretty Pictures" 2:43
"Cash In" 5:04
"Just Wanna Play" 4:18
"Why Don't You Do It" 3:05
"Pay To Join" 4:36
"Girls and shoes" 2:04 (hidden track) Starting at time frame 5:19 of 'Pay To Join'
"If I Don't Have To Answer" (Japan bonus track)
References
External links
PBS FM interview
2006 albums
2007 albums
Little Barrie albums
Artemis Records albums
Siddha Kumakh () is a rural municipality located in Salyan District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Salyan District, Nepal
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Philip Spiro was the head of the German printing firm of Spiro Brothers of Hamburg who from 1864 to about 1880 produced around 500 different lithographed reproductions of postage stamps.
The reproductions are not believed to have been intended to deceive, but they were so well done and so numerous that they contributed to a backlash against stamp forgery that was reflected in the publication of The Spud Papers; Or, Notes on Philatelic Weeds by the Rev. Robert Earée.
The forgeries were often produced in small sheets of 25, which are still sometimes found complete. Many old stamp collections include Spiro forgeries due to their wide distribution and a greater acceptance of forgeries as "space fillers" before 1900.
See also
List of stamp forgers
Philatelic fakes and forgeries
References
External links
Typical forged cancels on Spiro forgeries of Japan. These markings appear on stamps of a multitude of countries, not just Japan.
The Spud Papers online. An online repository of the Spud Papers describing the forgeries made by Spiro.
Stamp forgers
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
German printers
Sociedad Deportiva Navarro Club de Fútbol is a football team based in Valliniello, Avilés in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1980, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 2. The club's home ground is Tabiella, which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
Season to season
20 seasons in Tercera División
1 season in Tercera División RFEF
Women's team
The women's team was created in 2018.
References
External links
Official website
Futbolme.com profile
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1980
Sport in Avilés
1980 establishments in Spain
Chef or The Chef is the nickname or pseudonym of:
"Chef", nickname of English cricketer Alastair Cook
"Chef", nickname of American basketball player Stephen Curry
"Chef", nickname of American basketball player James Harden
Chef Henny (born 1996), American rapper, chef, and internet personality
Chef James (born 1988), Venezuelan chef, television personality, restaurateur, and author
Chef Jolly, Indian Executive Chef at JW Marriott and celebrity chef
Chef Pepín (born 1948), Spanish media personality and self-taught chef
Chef Ra (1950–2006), American cannabis advocate and cannabis foods writer for High Times magazine
Chef Tone (born 1983), American songwriter and record producer
Chef Tony (born 1954), American advertising pitchman for cooking and kitchen products primarily on infomercials and home shopping channels
Chef Wan (born 1958), Singapore-born Malaysian celebrity chef
The Chef, a pseudonym of songwriter Bilal Hajji, also known as Bilal "The Chef" Hajji
The Chef, a pseudonym of the American rapper Raekwon of Wu-Tang Clan
See also
Lists of people by nickname
1964 the Tribute (originally called 1964 as The Beatles) is a Beatles' tribute band that was formed in 1984.
The group plans to continue performing. Asked about their future, Tom Work, who portrayed George Harrison until 2022, said, "The answer to that is the answer Gary gave his dad. His dad asked him, 'How long are you going to do this?' And Gary Grimes (who played Paul McCartney until his retirement in 2009 due to brain cancer which he eventually died of in 2010) said, 'Until they stop coming.' We are not anywhere close to the age the Beatles were. I'm sure many people will comment, 'They're starting to look a little old to be doing this,' but people are still coming. Just being a musician keeps you young at heart."
Updating the original Beatles
1964 the Tribute strive for authenticity in their portrayal of the Beatles, but not everything they do is the same. Two areas that differ are sound quality and set length. Mark Benson, who portrays John Lennon in the band, says in the original Beatles live performances in the 1960s, the fans were lucky to hear the music. "You have to credit the Beatles with revolutionizing the sound-reinforcement industry," says Benson. "Back then they had these little speakers that you couldn't hear anything out of. The way concerts were amplified had to be changed." Benson says fans who saw the original shows notice the difference. "People will come up to us and say, 'I saw the Beatles in '64 and the only difference is I can hear you,'" Benson says.
Another difference is the set length. The Beatles did two 30-minute sets in their early shows and never did encores, while 1964 the Tribute performs two 45-minute sets. "We tried the half-hour show initially, but it didn't go over well," says Benson.
Members
The members of the group decided which member would portray which Beatle based on the instrument he played. "I was a guitarist, so the natural thing was the John or the George character," says Tom Work, who portrays George Harrison. "The way I got into it was, the fellow playing John Lennon [Benson] joined a band that was a local Beatles tribute act. This was around 1981. After about a year, he got his buddy [Grimes] to join and play Paul, and I was friends with him. About a year later, he got me to join and play George." Over the years, the lineup has included:
Mark Benson (1984-Present) as John Lennon
Gary Grimes (1984-2009; died 2010), Todd Rainey (2009-2010), Ricky Vacca (2010-2011), Graham Alexander (2011-2013), Mac Ruffing (2013-Present) as Paul McCartney
Tom Work (1984-1986, 1990-1993, 2006-2022), Robert Miller (1986-1990), Tom Teeley (1993-1994), Jimmy Pou (1994-2006), John Auker (2022-Present) as George Harrison.
Greg George (1984-1987, 1989-2006), Terry Manfredi (1987-1989, 2006-2010), Bobby Potter (2010-Present) as Ringo Starr
The current lineup is Mark Benson, Mac Ruffing, John Auker and Bobby Potter.
Joe Bologna has been filling in for Bobby Potter as Ringo occasionally since 2021.
Gary Grimes died after a long battle with brain cancer in December 2010 at age 60. His death was hard on members and fans. A memorial service was broadcast online. Mark Benson performed "In My Life" at the service.
Mission
The band's mission is to accurately re-create the 1964 Beatles invasion of America. Members play a set of all early Beatles music, with some middle Beatles thrown in. Sometimes the group's costumes reflect the Beatles' early period, and sometimes members wear replicas of the Shea Stadium concert apparel from 1965. The "concept is performing a show that gives you an idea of what it was like to see the Beatles when they were touring," says Benson. "It's definitely a music gig, but there's an acting element to it," says Work. "None of us is really an actor per se. I probably come closest because I've done some plays, just in community theater. But there's some acting. You need to adopt the body language, the speaking voice. Those two things, I guess, for this kind of role are two aspects that resemble acting. Everything else is more musicianship and vocal impersonation — singing, I mean." The group separates its life onstage from offstage. "We didn't want to be them, just wanted to portray them," says Work. "No one really considered wearing those boots around all the time or the tight pants or having hair that looked like that. We were musicians before, professional, full-time musicians. We didn't start doing Beatles until we were 30."
http://thediscography.org/discoDbDetail.php?req=84
Discography
PBS Soundtrack CD
I Saw Her Standing There
I Want to Hold Your Hand
From Me to You
Love Me Do
Please Please Me
Do You Want to Know a Secret?
All My Loving
This Boy
And I Love Her
Act Naturally
Eight Days a Week
A Hard Day's Night
I Should Have Known Better
If I Fell
Can't Buy Me Love
Nowhere Man
Twist and Shout
Roll Over Beethoven
I Feel Fine
Paperback Writer
In My Life
If I Needed Someone
We Can Work It Out
Yellow Submarine
Yesterday
Help!
Day Tripper
She Loves You
"All You Need Is Live!"
Disc 1
I Saw Her Standing There
I Want To Hold Your Hand
Love Me Do
Please Please Me
Do You Want to Know a Secret?
All My Loving
This Boy
Till There Was You
Eight Days a Week
A Hard Day's Night
I Should Have Known Better
Nowhere Man
Can't Buy Me Love
Disc 2
Twist and Shout
Roll Over Beethoven
I Feel Fine
Michelle
And Your Bird Can Sing
Taxman
I'm a Loser
I Don't Want to Spoil the Party
Yellow Submarine
Yesterday
Help!
Day Tripper
She Loves You
Dizzy Miss Lizzy
Long Tall Sally
Nine Hours in November
It Won't Be Long
There's a Place
I'll Follow the Sun
If I Fell
Boys
Slow Down
Kansas City
Bad Boy
Don't Bother Me
And I Love Her
Any Time at All
You Can't Do That
I'm Down
Rock and Roll Music
30/50 Celebration
I Want To Hold Your Hand
I Saw Her Standing There
Love Me Do
Thank You Girl
Please Please Me
I'll Get You
I'm Happy Just To Dance With You
All My Loving
Boys
And I Love Her
A Hard Days Night
If I Fell
Money
She Loves You
Starhand Visions
Original material by Gary Grimes. Other members are on the album throughout it.
They're Here...
The Arrival Theme
The Illusion
From the Light of Change
Hold On
Hold On to Love
Daydream Lover
Marla Star
Take Good Care of Her Heart
Would You Say No?
Tell Her I'm Home
You Are My Heart
Because of You
I Can't Live Without Your Love
Feel the Fire
References
External links
Musical groups established in 1984
The Beatles tribute bands
1984 establishments in the United States
http://thediscography.org/discoDbDetail.php?req=84
Kurahashi may refer to:
Places
Kurahashi-jima, an island of Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan
Kurahashi, Hiroshima, a former town in Aki District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan
Other uses
Kurahashi (surname), a Japanese surname
Kurahashi Station, a railway station in Asahi, Chiba Prefecture, Japan
Fulton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. , the population was 20,836. The county seat is Rochester.
History
The first non-Native Americans to ever set foot in what is now Fulton County, Indiana ,were French traders. Few of them remained permanently as year-round residents of the area and by the 1830s there was no French population in what is now Fulton County.
In the 1820s and 1830s, migrants from New England began moving to what is now Indiana in large numbers (though there was a trickle of New England settlers who arrived before this date). These were “Yankee” settlers, that is to say they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England during the colonial era. While most of them came to Indiana directly from New England, there were many who came from upstate New York. These were people whose parents had moved from New England to upstate New York in the immediate aftermath of the American Revolution. Due to the prevalence of New Englanders and New England transplants from upstate New York, the northern third of Indiana was very culturally contiguous with early New England culture for much of its early history.
The Yankee migration to Indiana was a result of several factors, one of which was the overpopulation of New England. The old stock Yankee population had large families, often bearing up to ten children in one household. Most people were expected to have their own piece of land to farm, and due to the massive and nonstop population boom, land in New England became scarce as every son claimed his own farmstead. As a result, there was not enough land for every family to have a self-sustaining farm, and Yankee settlers began leaving New England for the Midwestern United States.
They were aided in this effort by the construction and completion of the Erie Canal which made traveling to the region much easier, causing an additional surge in migrants coming from New England. Added to this was the end of the Black Hawk War, which made the region much safer to travel through and settle in for White settlers.
In the case of Fulton County, there were no attempts by United States settlers to permanently settle the area until the conclusion of the Blackhawk War. Fulton County's first permanent non-Native American settlers arrived in September and October 1832, most of whom came from New England though some of whom were New England transplants from upstate New York. Most of Fulton County's New England settlers came from Franklin County, Massachusetts, Grafton County, New Hampshire and Orange County, Vermont, as well as several farming families from Maine and the rural northern region of Connecticut. At first, virtually all of these settlers were farmers.
These settlers were primarily members of the Congregational Church, though due to the Second Great Awakening, many of them had converted to Methodism, and some had become Baptists before coming to what is now Cook County. The Congregational Church has subsequently gone through many divisions, and some factions, including those in Cook County, are now known as the Church of Christ and the United Church of Christ.
When the New Englanders arrived, there was nothing but dense virgin forest and wild prairie. They laid out farms, constructed roads, erected government buildings and established post routes. By the spring of 1833 the settlement was a successful and thriving farming community. Rochester was laid out in 1835. The founder Alexander Chamberlain named it for his former hometown of Rochester, New York. The Rochester post office was established in 1836.
Fulton County was formed in 1836. It was named for Robert Fulton, inventor of the steamboat. Native Americans in the county believed that a terrible monster lived in Lake Manitou and for that reason they never lived around the lake. Early settlers called it the Devil's Lake and there were many reported sightings of a monster.
The Potawatomi Trail of Death came through the town in 1838.
The 178-acre Moore Farm, then located two miles south of Rochester, was purchased in 1871 for use as the Fulton County Poor Farm. The County Home was closed on 31 December 1965 and the entire property was sold on 17 December 1966 by the county commissioners to State Senator Robert E. Peterson of Rochester.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.23%) is land and (or 0.78%) is water.
Cities and towns
Akron
Athens
Delong
Fulton
Grass Creek
Kewanna
Leiters Ford
Rochester
Tiosa
Townships
Aubbeenaubbee
Henry
Liberty
Newcastle
Richland
Rochester
Union
Wayne
Major highways
U.S. Route 31
State Road 14
State Road 17
State Road 19
State Road 25
State Road 114
Railroads
Fulton County Railroad
Adjacent counties
Marshall County (north)
Kosciusko County (northeast)
Wabash County (east)
Miami County (southeast)
Cass County (south)
Pulaski County (west)
Starke County (northwest)
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Rochester have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1980. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Fulton County is part of Indiana's 2nd congressional district and in 2015 was represented by Jackie Walorski in the United States Congress. It is also part of Indiana Senate district 18; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 16 and 23.
After a stretch of very narrow Democratic Party victories in the last four presidential elections of the 19th century, Fulton County became & has remained a Republican Party stronghold in presidential elections. The only exceptions to this have been Woodrow Wilson's plurality in 1912 thanks to a divided Republican vote & Franklin D. Roosevelts narrow majority in 1936 in the midst of his national landslide victory.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 20,836 people, 8,237 households, and 5,736 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,708 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.0% white, 0.7% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.5% American Indian, 2.2% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.7% were German, 19.0% were American, 10.9% were Irish, and 10.0% were English. Those citing "American" ancestry in Fulton County are of overwhelmingly English extraction, however most English Americans identify simply as having American ancestry because their roots have been in North America for so long, in some cases since the 1600s.
Of the 8,237 households, 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.4% were non-families, and 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 40.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $47,972. Males had a median income of $40,110 versus $28,417 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,119. About 8.5% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.1% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Public schools in Fulton County are administered by the Caston School Corporation, the Rochester Community School Corporation, Culver Community School Corporation, and the Tippecanoe Valley School Corporation.
High Schools and Middle Schools
Caston Junior-Senior High School
Rochester Community High School
Rochester Middle School
Tippecanoe Valley High School
Tippecanoe Valley Middle School
Elementary Schools
Akron Elementary
Caston Elementary School
Columbia Elementary School
Riddle Elementary School
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fulton County, Indiana
References
External links
Caston School Corporation
Rochester Community School Corporation
Tippecanoe Valley School Corporation
Indiana counties
1836 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1836
Sundown towns in Indiana
Brian Sicknick, a United States Capitol Police (USCP) officer, died on January 7, 2021, after having two strokes one day after he responded to an . The District of Columbia chief medical examiner found that Sicknick had died from stroke, classifying his death as natural and additionally commented that "all that transpired played a role in his condition." His cremated remains were laid in honor in the Capitol Rotunda on February 2, 2021, before they were buried with full honors at Arlington National Cemetery.
Multiple media outlets reported Sicknick's death was due to injuries he sustained, but months later the Washington D.C. medical examiner reported there were no injuries to Sicknick. Within a day after his death, the U.S. Capitol Police and the U.S. Justice Department each said that his death was due to injuries from the riot. Meanwhile media, citing two anonymous law enforcement officials, incorrectly reported for weeks that Sicknick had died after being struck in the head with a fire extinguisher during the unrest.
Brian Sicknick's death was investigated by the Metropolitan Police Department's Homicide Branch, the USCP, and the FBI. On March 14, Julian Khater and George Tanios were arrested for assaulting Sicknick with a chemical spray and for other charges. The medical examiner found no evidence that Sicknick had an allergic reaction to the chemical spray. Prosecutors later said on April 27 that the chemical spray was pepper spray. Neither of the two men have been charged with causing Sicknick's death.
Brian Sicknick
Brian David Sicknick (July 30, 1978 – January 7, 2021) was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, to Gladys and Charles Sicknick. He grew up in South River, New Jersey, as the youngest of three sons. Sicknick attended East Brunswick Technical High School to study electronics but later aspired to become a police officer. He graduated from the high school in 1997.After struggling to find a job as a police officer, Sicknick joined the New Jersey Air National Guard in 1997, toward that end. He served on the 108th Wing at Joint Base McGuire–Dix–Lakehurst, as a fire team member and leader with the security force squadron. In 1998, he wrote a letter to Home News Tribune, his local newspaper, expressing his skepticism towards America's soft stance against Saddam Hussein.
He was deployed to Saudi Arabia to support Operation Southern Watch in 1999, and to Kyrgyzstan to support Operation Enduring Freedom in 2003. Sicknick later criticized U.S. motivations for the War in Afghanistan and the government's strategy in the Iraq War. In 2003, he wrote again to Home News Tribune, noting a decline in morale among troops. He was honorably discharged in that same year as a staff sergeant.
Sicknick also worked as a school custodian in Cranbury, New Jersey. He later moved to Springfield, Virginia, and joined the United States Capitol Police in July 2008. One of his first assignments occurred during the first inauguration of Barack Obama. On December 31, 2013, he earned a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice degree from the University of Phoenix. Sicknick was an outspoken supporter of Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential election, but those who had met him "said his political views did not align neatly with one political party": he opposed Trump's impeachment, supported gun control, opposed animal cruelty and was concerned about the national debt. He was remembered by Caroline Behringer, a staffer for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, for comforting her as she returned to work at the Capitol following Trump's 2016 victory.
Events of January 6
During the attack on the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021, Sicknick was on duty with the Capitol Police outside the Capitol's west side, on the front line facing protesters. At 2:23 p.m., rioters attempted to breach the police line formed by barricades of bicycle racks. Sicknick and some other officers there were pepper sprayed and became unable to perform their duties for about 20 minutes. Sicknick retreated, bent over, and used water to wash out his face. Within five minutes of the pepper spray attack, rioters breached the police line and seized control of the west side of the building.
There was no evidence that Sicknick had any injuries or an allergic reaction to the chemical spray, according to a statement by the medical examiner months later. Sicknick texted his brother on Wednesday night after the riot, reporting that he had been twice attacked with pepper spray and was in good shape. However, Sicknick later collapsed around 10 p.m. at the Capitol and was taken to a local hospital.
Death
After being in the hospital for almost a day, Brian Sicknick died around 9:30 p.m. on January 7, 2021. Earlier that day, he had two strokes. The strokes were due to a basilar artery blood clot, which caused damage to his brainstem and cerebellum.
Sicknick's family had been informed that he was treated for a stroke caused by a blood clot, and had been surviving on a ventilator. Family members drove from New Jersey and had not yet arrived at the hospital when he died. The Sicknick family urged the public and press not to politicize his death.
On the night of his passing, the Capitol Police announced Sicknick's death in a press release stating that "Sicknick passed away due to injuries sustained while on-duty". Months later, the medical examiner reported that Sicknick had no injuries.
Medical examiner report
On April 19, 2021, the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner of the District of Columbia issued a press release about the death of Brian Sicknick. It said that the manner of death was natural and the cause of death was "acute brainstem and cerebellar infarcts due to acute basilar artery thrombosis" (two strokes at the base of the brain stem caused by an artery clot). The term "natural" was used to indicate a death caused by a disease alone; and if an injury contributed to the manner of death, it would not be considered natural. It took more than 100 days to release these results from the January autopsy. The full autopsy report was not released to the public.
The chief medical examiner, Dr. Francisco J. Diaz, told The Washington Post that there was no evidence that Sicknick was injured or had an allergic reaction to chemical irritants. Due to privacy laws, he declined to say whether Sicknick had a preexisting medical condition. Diaz noted that Sicknick had engaged the rioters and said “all that transpired played a role in his condition.”
According to CNN, some neurologists did not think that the strokes were natural. Stress and traumatic events can lead to a stroke. Based on media accounts, a forensic pathologist thought that Sicknick's manner of death could have been classified better as homicide, accident, or undetermined.
The Capitol Police said it accepted the medical examiner's findings "but this does not change the fact Officer Brian Sicknick died in the line of duty, courageously defending Congress and the Capitol."
Confusion and controversy about cause of death
Accounts of Sicknick's death changed over time, amid an atmosphere of confusion. At first there were erroneous rumors and then there was incorrect information from the authorities and news media that lasted for months.
As his condition deteriorated in the hospital on January 7, rumors had begun to circulate of an officer's death. In the afternoon, the U.S. Capitol Police (USCP) issued a statement rebutting such reports. Sicknick's family was told he was on a ventilator with a blood clot on his brain and his situation did not look good. He died later that night.
Within hours of Sicknick's death, the Capitol Police released a statement late January 7 that Sicknick died "due to injuries sustained while on-duty" while "physically engaging with protesters" at the Capitol. On January 8, the United States Department of Justice published a statement by Acting Attorney General Jeffrey A. Rosen, which attributed Sicknick's death "to injuries he suffered defending the U.S. Capitol, against the violent mob who stormed it". Months later on April 19, the medical examiner reported that there was no evidence that Sicknick had any injuries.
Some initial media reports regarding Sicknick's cause of death were incorrect. On January 8, the Associated Press, The Wall Street Journal, and separate stories in The New York Times cited two anonymous law enforcement officials as saying that Sicknick was struck in the head by a fire extinguisher. Similar reports followed on January 9. Meanwhile, Sicknick's father said Sicknick was pepper-sprayed and hit in the head, reported Reuters on January 10.
On February 2, the U.S. House of Representatives made a reference to the New York Times article about Sicknick's death. In their memorandum for the second impeachment trial of Donald Trump was, "The insurrectionists killed a Capitol Police officer by striking him in the head with a fire extinguisher." On the same day, CNN reported that according to a law enforcement official, medical examiners had not found evidence of blunt force trauma on Sicknick's body. Investigators then thought the reports were false that Sicknick was injured by being struck with a fire extinguisher. On February 11, The New York Times reported that "police sources and investigators are at odds" over whether Sicknick had been hit with a fire extinguisher.
On February 2, it was reported that investigators were considering a chemical irritant as a possible cause of death. There were false implications by prosecutors that the chemical irritant was bear spray, until April 27 when they said it was pepper spray. On April 19, the medical examiner said that there was no evidence that Sicknick had an allergic reaction to a chemical spray.
In April and May 2021, Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI) sent letters to the acting U.S. Capitol Police chief requesting information on the handling of Sicknick's death. USCP General Counsel Thomas DiBiase replied that the department did not put out a release that Sicknick was assaulted with a fire extinguisher, and that DiBiase was unaware of any communication between the USCP and House Impeachment Managers about Sicknick's death.
Investigation and charges
In a January 7 press release, the U.S. Capitol Police (USCP) said that Sicknick's death would be investigated. The next day, the USCP opened a homicide investigation into Sicknick's death, joined by the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department and other federal agencies.
On February 2, CNN reported that investigators were having trouble finding evidence of homicide. One law enforcement official said that medical examiners found no evidence of any blunt force trauma. So investigators concluded that early reports of Sicknick being hit with a fire extinguisher were false. They considered the possibility that Sicknick became ill from a chemical irritant spray and were reviewing videos for evidence.
On March 14, Julian Khater and George Tanios were arrested by federal authorities and charged with crimes that included assault of Officer Sicknick with a chemical spray. There could not be a charge of homicide because the cause of death had not been determined. Autopsy results were still pending almost 10 weeks after Sicknick's death.
In an April 19 press release, the medical examiner's office said that Sicknick's death was by natural causes. The ruling made it difficult for prosecutors to pursue homicide charges. A week later, prosecutors said that the chemical sprayed on Sicknick was pepper spray.
Memorials and funeral
On January 8, 2021, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ordered flags at the Capitol to be lowered to half-staff in honor of Sicknick. Vice President Mike Pence called Sicknick's family to offer his condolences, and a deputy press secretary for the Trump administration issued a written statement. The following weekend, Trump ordered flags to be flown at half-staff at all federal buildings, grounds, and vessels for three days. The governors of New Jersey and Virginia also ordered flags to be flown at half-staff in their respective states. On January 12, 2021, a memorial service was held in Sicknick's hometown of South River, New Jersey. His family, New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez, and local officials were in attendance. Menendez presented to Sicknick's family the flag that had flown over the Capitol in his honor. Sicknick's high school, East Brunswick Technical High School, announced plans to plant an oak tree on campus in his honor. The New Jersey Devils ice hockey team aired a video of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy giving a brief eulogy for Sicknick, followed by a moment of silence.
On January 29, Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer announced that Sicknick would lie in honor at the Capitol rotunda. The arrival ceremony began on the evening of February 2, 2021, at the Capitol's east front, followed by a viewing period attended by President Joe Biden, who had taken office on January 20, and First Lady Jill Biden. Vice President Kamala Harris and Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff paid their respects on February 3, along with several legislators and police officers. Later that day, Sicknick's cremated remains, accompanied by a procession, departed the Capitol for Arlington National Cemetery, where burial took place.
Members of Sicknick's family attended Super Bowl LV in February 2021 as honored guests of the National Football League, along with three officers of the Metropolitan Police Department.
On August 5, 2021, Brian Sicknick, along with Capitol Police officers Howard Liebengood and Billy Evans, and Metropolitan Police officer Jeffrey L. Smith, was posthumously honored in a signing ceremony for a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Capitol Police and other January 6 responders. His name is noted in the text of the bill, and Biden remarked on his death.
See also
Jacob Chestnut and John Gibson, Capitol Police officers killed during the 1998 United States Capitol shooting
Notes
References
External links
Deaths by person in Washington, D.C.
Deaths related to the January 6 United States Capitol attack
fr:Brian D. Sicknick
Cătălin Constantin Barbu (born 5 August 1999) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a forward. Barbu started his career at FC Argeș Pitești, club for which he played in more than 50 league and cup games.
Personal life
Cătălin Barbu is the son of former footballer Constantin "Jean" Barbu. Jean Barbu played for teams such as FC Argeș Pitești, Suwon Samsung Bluewings, FC Rapid București or CD Numancia.
References
External links
Cătălin Barbu at lpf.ro
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pitești
Romanian footballers
Association football forwards
Liga I players
Liga II players
AFC Chindia Târgoviște players
FC Argeș Pitești players
Erding station is a railway station on the Munich S-Bahn in the town of Erding in the northeast area of Munich, Germany. It is served by the S-Bahn line .
References
Munich S-Bahn stations
Railway stations in Bavaria
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1872
1872 establishments in Bavaria
Buildings and structures in Erding (district)
The 2018 Toronto municipal election was held on October 22, 2018, to elect a mayor and city councillors in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Registration for candidates for the office of mayor, councillor, and school board trustee opened on May 1, 2018, and initially closed on July 27, 2018. John Tory won the mayoral election with over 60% of the vote.
To account for the city's growing population, Toronto's council wards underwent a realignment, with the removal of a ward in the west end, three new wards added in the downtown area, and a new ward in North York, expanding the city to 47 wards. However, in July 2018, newly-elected Premier of Ontario Doug Ford introduced legislation to require that Toronto's municipal elections use the same ridings as it does for provincial and federal elections, thus reducing the council to 25 wards. The bill attracted controversy for its intent to change electoral boundaries in the middle of a campaign, and was struck down as unconstitutional in September 2018. However, a stay on this ruling was granted nine days later by the Court of Appeal for Ontario; the three judge panel ruled that Bill 5 is constitutional and that the previous ruling was "dubious", thus reinstating the 25-ward election.
Seventeen Toronto councillors were elected with less than half of all votes cast. One councillor, Cynthia Lai was elected with approximately 27% of the votes cast.
Ward boundary adjustment
The Toronto City Council commissioned an independent review of its ward boundaries in order to account for predicted population growth in specific areas of the city. The consultants recommended the realignment of the city's 44 wards into 47. Under the 47 ward model, wards would not achieve voter parity until 2026 (when the population projection of 61,000 residents per ward would eventually kick in). The Supreme Court considers voter parity to be crucial to achieving effective representation.
Three new wards were added in downtown, one in North York, while one was removed from Toronto's west end by consolidating 3 wards into 2. Based on the patterns of incumbents shifting to successor wards, the four "new" wards are Ward 20, Ward 21, Ward 25 and Ward 29; the ward reduction in the west end is reflected in the effective merger of what had been designated as Ward 17 and Ward 18 on the preceding map into new Ward 16.
Two city councillors, Giorgio Mammoliti and Justin Di Ciano, along with several Toronto citizens, appealed the redrawing of ward boundaries at the Ontario Municipal Board. The appeal was rejected and new ward boundaries approved in a 38-page decision. Council had to pass a by-law before January 2018 for the boundaries to be changed before the election.
Reduction of wards
On July 27, 2018, the last day for candidate registration, former councillor and new Ontario Premier Doug Ford introduced the Better Local Government Act, also known as Bill 5. The legislation requires that the Toronto city council align its municipal wards with those of the federal and provincial electoral ridings, thus reducing the size of Toronto's council from 47 to 25 wards. Each council member would serve an area representing an average of 111,000 residents. Ford justified the legislation by stating that the council had "failed to act on the critical issues facing the city", and that expanding it to 47 wards would exacerbate the existing "dysfunction". The province claimed that such a reduction would result in a savings of $25 million over the next four years (in comparison to the city's operating budget of $11.12 billion per-year). The bill also cancelled pending elections for regional chair in the regional municipalities of Niagara and Muskoka, Peel, and York, resetting all four positions back to appointed, rather than elected, offices.
The bill proved controversial, with the official opposition Ontario NDP disputing its intent and considering it an abuse of power, while other groups (including candidates and the Toronto District School Board) contended that the bill undermined the democratic process. Toronto mayor John Tory suggested that such significant changes be subject to a public referendum. Toronto's city council voted 24-17 on a motion to oppose Bill 5 and support Tory's call for a referendum. Tory also criticized Ford for not providing any opportunities to consult with the municipal government over the bill. Ford denied Tory's statement, stating that he had met with Tory and other officials multiple times. Bill 5 was passed August 14, 2018. Rocco Achampong, a candidate for one of the wards removed in the consolidation, launched a legal challenge over the bill in the Ontario Superior Court.
The government of Ontario argued that the larger wards were intended to improve voter parity for the 2018 municipal election (as the 47 ward model would not achieve voter parity until 2026). However, the city asserted that the 25-ward structure provided no better parity than the newly-implemented 47-ward structure, and a consultant argued that the roughly doubled ward population reduced councillors' capacity to serve their communities—another aspect of effective representation. In an affidavit, Toronto city manager Giuliana Carbone disputed the claimed cost savings, stating that it would only save $6 million over four years, taking into account the increased staffing that would be required to operate the larger wards, and the costs incurred by realigning the election to match the new boundaries.
On September 10, 2018, the Better Local Government Act was struck down as unconstitutional by Superior Court Justice Edward Belobaba, ruling that the larger wards infringed on citizens' rights to effective electoral representation, and that unilaterally changing electoral boundaries in the middle of a campaign infringed on candidates' freedom of expression. He explained that "passing a law that changes the city's electoral districts in the middle of its election and undermines the overall fairness of the election is antithetical to the core principles of our democracy", and questioned the province's intent and timing of the legislation. Ford criticized the ruling, contending that its only supporters were a "small group of left-wing councillors looking to continue their free ride on the taxpayers' dollar and a network of activist groups who have entrenched their power under the status quo."
The Ford government introduced the Efficient Local Government Act, also known as Bill 31, on September 12, 2018. The bill would have invoked Section 33 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, also known as the notwithstanding clause, to implement the effects of Bill 5 in defiance of the court ruling. If passed, it would have been the first time that the notwithstanding clause had ever been invoked in Ontario. The Toronto city council voted 29–7 in favour of directing the city solicitor to challenge the new legislation in court, and to ask the federal government to invoke a constitutional clause allowing it to disallow provincial legislation (a mechanism only used once since 1943) should it pass. At a Liberal Party caucus retreat in Saskatoon, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau stated that he would not contribute to the discussions surrounding the sizes of municipal governments in Ontario, as it was "[not] a role that the federal government needs to take on".
On September 19, 2018, the Court of Appeal for Ontario issued a stay on the previous Superior Court decision, ruling that Bill 5 "disrupted the campaigns that were already underway" but "does not limit or restrict any message the candidates wish to convey to voters", and was a "dubious ruling that invalidates legislation duly passed by the legislature". As such, the election would be required to use the 25-ward alignment mandated by Bill 5. Since it was made redundant by the stay, Bill 31 was also withdrawn. The nomination period was reopened as a result of the stay and closed on September 21, 2018.
City Council
(x) indicates incumbent city councillor
Ward 1 Etobicoke North
Ward 2 Etobicoke Centre
Ward 3 Etobicoke—Lakeshore
Ward 4 Parkdale—High Park
Ward 5 York South—Weston
Ward 6 York Centre
Ward 7 Humber River—Black Creek
Ward 8 Eglinton—Lawrence
Ward 9 Davenport
Ward 10 Spadina—Fort York
Ward 11 University—Rosedale
Ward 12 Toronto—St. Paul's
Ward 13 Toronto Centre
Ward 14 Toronto—Danforth
Ward 15 Don Valley West
Ward 16 Don Valley East
Ward 17 Don Valley North
Ward 18 Willowdale
Ward 19 Beaches—East York
Ward 20 Scarborough Southwest
Ward 21 Scarborough Centre
Ward 22 Scarborough—Agincourt
Ward 23 Scarborough North
Ward 24 Scarborough—Guildwood
Ward 25 Scarborough—Rouge Park
Incumbents who did not run for re-election
Justin Di Ciano, Councillor for former Ward 5 since 2014.
Sarah Doucette, Councillor for former Ward 13 since 2010.
Josh Colle, Councillor for former Ward 15 since 2010.
Cesar Palacio, Councillor for former Ward 17 since 2003.
David Shiner, Councillor for former Ward 24 since 2000.
Janet Davis, Councillor for former Ward 31 since 2003.
Mary-Margaret McMahon, Councillor for former Ward 32 since 2010.
Jonathan Tsao, Councillor for former Ward 33 since 2018 (appointed by council to fill a vacancy).
Glenn De Baeremaeker, Councillor for former Ward 38 since 2003.
Migan Megardichian, Councillor for former Ward 41 since 2018 (appointed by council to fill a vacancy).
Jim Hart, Councillor for former Ward 44 since 2017 (appointed by council to fill a vacancy).
References
External links
City of Toronto - Elections
2018
2018 Ontario municipal elections
2018 in Toronto
A sequence step algorithm (SQS-AL) is an algorithm implemented in a discrete event simulation system to maximize resource utilization. This is achieved by running through two main nested loops: A sequence step loop and a replication loop. For each sequence step, each replication loop is a simulation run that collects crew idle time for activities in that sequence step. The collected crew idle times are then used to determine resource arrival dates for user-specified confidence levels. The process of collecting the crew idle times and determining crew arrival times for activities on a considered sequence step is repeated from the first to the last sequence step.
See also
Computational resource
Linear scheduling method
Further reading
Photios G. Ioannou and Chachrist Srisuwanrat Sequence Step Algorithm for Continuous Resource Utilization in Probabilistic Repetitive Projects
Chachrist Srisuwanrat and Photios G. Ioannou The Investigation of Lead-Time Buffering under Uncertainty Using Simulation and Cost Optimization
Scheduling algorithms
Network theory
Mark Frith is a journalist.
Mark Frith may also refer to:
Mark Frith (musician)
See also
Mark Firth, English industrialist
Garfinckel's was a prominent department store chain based in Washington, D.C. that catered to a clientele of wealthy consumers. Its flagship store at 14th and F in the city's F Street shopping district is listed on the National Register. It filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in June 1990 and ceased operations that year.
History
This retail mercantile business was founded in 1905, as Julius Garfinkle & Co. by Julius Garfinckel (1872–1936), originally employing 10 clerks. The store opened on October 2, 1905 at 1226 F St. NW in Washington, D.C. By August 1924, the spelling of the store name was modified to Julius Garfinckel & Co. In 1946, it acquired the men's specialty retailer, Brooks Brothers and in 1950, De Pinna. It formed the national retail conglomerate, Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc., after acquisition of the Miller & Rhoads chain in 1967. In 1977, the conglomerate acquired the Ann Taylor women's fashion store chain. In 1981, the conglomerate consisted of close to 190 stores in seven chains. That same year, Allied Stores acquired Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc. for $228 million. In 1986, Campeau Corp. acquired Allied, and in turn sold the Garfinckel's chain to locally owned Raleigh's for $95 million, forming Garfinckel's, Raleigh's & Co.
Garfinckel's grew and expanded into a chain of stores, but was eventually pushed into financial collapse due to a series of mergers and acquisitions. On June 21, 1990, the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy by its chairman and CEO George P. Kelly and went out of business.
Flagship store
In 1918, the store was located at 13th and F Streets at the western end of the city's downtown shopping district. An eight-story department store building was erected at the northwest corner of 14th and F Streets, across from the Willard Hotel, and opened in 1929. The $2,000,000 structure was designed by architects Starrett & van Vleck of New York. By 1936, there were more than 500 employees.
After Garfinckel's bankruptcy in 1990, the store remained vacant for several years until it was redeveloped in 1999. In 1995, it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. From 1997 to 1999, the property was redeveloped into a modern office building and shopping center named Hamilton Square.
Borders Group bookstore was a street level tenant until it closed in 2010. The building owner considered a restaurant and retail store to occupy the space.
Branch stores
Unlike its local retail competitors, the Hecht Company, Woodward & Lothrop, and Lord & Taylor, Garfinckel's did not open numerous suburban locations during the heyday of the 1950s and 1960s. The first suburban store was an original anchor at the Seven Corners Shopping Center upon opening in 1956. After that, its Montgomery Mall store opened in 1968. It also operated a Spring Valley Shopping Center store in the Spring Valley section of Washington, D.C., at 4820 Massachusetts Avenue. This was followed by store openings in May 1970, a location at Tyson's Corner Center; a location at Landover Mall on May 11, 1972; and a second hotel location - a store in the Washington Hilton, opened July 1972. The Springfield Mall store opened in January 1973.
Convinced that the company had expanded enough and that the premiere downtown location would continue to prosper, Garfinckel's did not expand again until the early-1980s. Stores opened in the early 1980s at Annapolis Mall, Fair Oaks Mall, and a store at The Shops at Georgetown Park. These would be the last new Garfinckel's suburban locations. After allowing its lease to expire at the Tyson's Corner store at the end of 1988, Garfinckel's announced plans to open a second downtown Washington store at 1130 Connecticut Ave, NW; then the site of a temporary Raleigh's location. Nine locations were in operation at the time of filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1990.
The Garfinckel's Department Store Records are held at the Library of Congress.
References
External links
"Garfinckel's (Department store)", Library of Congress
Garfinckels.com - America's House of Fashion Lives On
Hamilton Square, Washington, D.C.
Streamline Moderne architecture in Washington, D.C.
Commercial buildings completed in 1929
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Department stores on the National Register of Historic Places
Defunct department stores based in Washington, D.C.
Retail companies established in 1905
Retail companies disestablished in 1990
Clothing retailers of the United States
Defunct companies based in Washington, D.C.
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1990
1905 establishments in Washington, D.C.
1990 disestablishments in Washington, D.C.
The 140th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Southeastern Pennsylvania and has been represented since 2007 by John Galloway.
District profile
The 140th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Bucks County. It includes the Delaware Division of the Pennsylvania Canal and the Grundy Mill Complex. It is made up of the following areas:
Bristol
Bristol Township (PART)
Ward 05 [PART, Division 01]
Ward 07 [PART, Division 01]
Ward 09 [PART, Divisions 02 and 03]
Falls Township
Middletown Township (PART)
District Lower [PART, Divisions 07, 09 and 11]
Morrisville (PART, Ward 04)
Tullytown
Representatives
Recent election results
References
External links
District map from the United States Census Bureau
Pennsylvania House Legislative District Maps from the Pennsylvania Redistricting Commission.
Population Data for District 140 from the Pennsylvania Redistricting Commission.
Government of Bucks County, Pennsylvania
140
The German Athletics Association (German: Deutscher Leichtathletik-Verband, DLV) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Germany.
Since 2010, Germany's kits are supplied by Nike.
See also
German Athletics Championships
East Germany national athletics team
External links
Leichtathletik-Datenbank for athletes statistics (in German)
Germany
Athletics in Germany
Athletics
Sports organizations established in 1898
National governing bodies for athletics
Antonio Carvalho (born May 30, 1979) is a retired Canadian mixed martial artist. A professional from 2002 until 2013, he fought in the UFC and Shooto.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Carvalho made his professional MMA debut in September 2002. Over the next ten years, he fought in his native Canada and in Japan. He amassed a record of 13 wins and 4 losses before joining the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
In 2011, Antonio signed a multi-fight contract with the UFC and was expected to make his debut at UFC 134 against newcomer Yuri Alcantara. However an injury during training forced him out of his planned UFC debut.
Carvalho made his promotional debut against Felipe Arantes on January 14, 2012 at UFC 142, losing by unanimous decision.
Carvalho was expected to face George Roop on July 21, 2012 at UFC 149. However, Roop was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Daniel Pineda. Carvalho defeated Pineda via KO in 71 seconds.
Carvalho next faced Rodrigo Damm on November 17, 2012 at UFC 154. He won the fight via split decision.
Carvalho then faced Darren Elkins on March 16, 2013 at UFC 158. Carvalho lost the fight via TKO (punches) in the first round and was subsequently released from the promotion.
World Series of Fighting
Carvalho will fight his first bout since leaving the UFC on February 12, 2015 at World Series of Fighting 18 in Edmonton, Alberta against Chris Gruetzemacher.
Personal life
Carvalho is of Portuguese descent and speaks Portuguese fluently, having moved to Portugal from Canada at nine years old.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–6
| Darren Elkins
| TKO (punches)
| UFC 158
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:06
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–5
| Rodrigo Damm
| Decision (split)
| UFC 154
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–5
| Daniel Pineda
| KO (punches)
| UFC 149
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:11
| Calgary, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13–5
| Felipe Arantes
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 142
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–4
| Doug Evans
| Decision (unanimous)
| Score Fighting Series
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–4
| Juan Barrantes
| KO (punch)
| Warrior-1 MMA: Judgement Day
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:00
| Laval, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–4
| Eddie Fyvie
| Decision (unanimous)
| Warrior-1 MMA: Bad Blood
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–4
| Yuji Hoshino
| Decision (unanimous)
| Cage Force
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|Featherweight debut.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–3
| Hiroyuki Takaya
| TKO (knees and punches)
| Shooto: Back To Our Roots 6
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 1:58
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–2
| Hatsu Hioki
| Decision (split)
| Shooto: Back To Our Roots 3
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–2
| Takeshi Inoue
| TKO (punches)
| Shooto: The Devilock
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:06
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–1
| Rumina Sato
| TKO (punches)
| Shooto: The Victory of the Truth
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:49
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 8–1
| Jeff Curran
| Decision (majority)
| Ironheart Crown
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Hammond, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–0
| Takeshi Inoue
| Decision (majority)
| Shooto: Alive Road
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Tommy Lee
| Submission (triangle choke)
| WFF 8: Dominance
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:02
| Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Christian Allen
| TKO (punches)
| IHC 7: The Crucible
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:55
| Hammond, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| John Louro
| Submission (bulldog choke)
| World Freestyle Fighting 6
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:45
| Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Eric Davidson
| TKO (punch)
| Ultimate Generation Combat 7
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:45
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Phillipe Lagace
| TKO (punches)
| TKO Major League MMA
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:10
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Brian Geraghty
| TKO (punches)
| Freestyle Combat Challenge 10
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:35
| Racine, Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Luke Boutin
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Maximum Fighting Championship
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:29
| Calgary, Alberta, Canada
|
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Canadian male mixed martial artists
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Shotokan
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Sportspeople from Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario
Canadian people of Portuguese descent
Canadian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Canadian male judoka
Canadian male karateka
Canadian male kickboxers
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
The College Editors Guild of the Philippines is an alliance of collegiate student publications in the Philippines. It is the oldest and only-existing publications alliance in the Asia-Pacific. It was established on July 25, 1931. It is also a member and a founding organization of Kabataan Partylist.
History
The CEGP was established on July 25, 1931 on through a congregation of the editors of four college student publications: The National of National University, The Varsitarian of the University of Santo Tomas, the Philippine Collegian of the University of the Philippines, and The Guidon of Ateneo de Manila University. The guild was established in order to unite campus publications and hone their skills. It was also Ernesto Rodriguez Jr.'s, the editor-in-chief of The National, birthday that day. Wenceslao Vinzons served as its first president, from 1931-1932.
It's progressive roots were first noted on Disyembre 9, 1932, when Rodriguez and Vinzons led the campus journalists and the youth in opposing a bill that would grant higher salaries to members of the Lower House in the Philippines.
During the rise of the student movement in the Philippines during the 1960s, the CEGP was greatly transformed into a union of publications and journalists that linked journalism with national issues. Philippine Collegian editor-in-chief Antonio Tagamolila, as he was elected for CEGP Presidency, said that “the victory of progressives is the signal of the birth of a new, progressive College Editors Guild of the Philippines.” Then-dictator Ferdinand Marcos was able to shut down campus publications when he declared Martial Law in 1972. The likes of Tagamollila joined the underground resistance back them. However, the CEGP was reconstituted in the early 1980s.
CEGP was also part of the Second People Power Uprising.
During the early administration of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, a youth initiative called Youth Movement for Justice and Meaningful Change, composed of Anakbayan, League of Filipino Students, Student Christian Movement of the Philippines, CEGP, and National Union of Students of the Philippines met at the office of Anakbayan in Padre Noval, Sampaloc, Manila, to discuss plans to advance the interests of the Filipino youth. Talks were made due to the disillusionment brought by the new administration. Eventually, these talks culminated in the formation of Anak ng Bayan Youth Party (Kabataan Partylist) on June 19, 2001, coinciding with the birthday of José Rizal.
Its progressiveness has made it known for advocating press freedom. Campus Press Freedom Day in the Philippines is celebrated every July 25. CEGP is one of the groups red-tagged by the Armed Forces of the Philippines.
Notable alumni
Wenceslao Vinzons
Helena Benitez
Satur Ocampo
Teddy Casiño
References
Education in the Philippines
Activism in the Philippines
Student organizations in the Philippines
Youth organizations based in the Philippines
"Echoes" is the third episode of the American television miniseries Hawkeye, based on Marvel Comics featuring the characters Clint Barton / Hawkeye and Kate Bishop. The episode follows Barton working with Bishop to learn more about a conspiracy. The episode is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise. It was written by Katie Mathewson & Tanner Bean and directed by Bert & Bertie.
Jeremy Renner reprise his role as Clint Barton from the film series, with Hailee Steinfeld joining him as Kate Bishop. Tony Dalton, Alaqua Cox, Fra Fee, Aleks Paunovic, Piotr Adamczyk, and Zahn McClarnon also star. Bert & Bertie joined the series in July 2020. Filming took place in New York City, with additional filming and soundstage work occurring in Atlanta, Georgia.
"Echoes" was released on Disney+ on December 1, 2021. Critics praised the episode for its performances, direction, action sequences (particularly the one-shot take), and the introduction of Lopez, but felt that the episode was slow at times.
Plot
In 2007, a 7-year-old Maya Lopez wants to attend an impaired school. Years later, after the Blip, Lopez witnesses her father, William, killed by the vigilante Ronin. In 2024, Lopez interrogates Clint Barton and Kate Bishop about Ronin's return Despite Barton's attempt to persuade her that Ronin was killed by Black Widow, Lopez is dissatisfied as she died. Lopez attacks Bishop, believing her to be Ronin. In the process, Barton's hearing aid is smashed.
Barton releases Bishop from Lopez's grip, who overpowers Kazi. The two steal a car, eventually escaping the Tracksuit Mafia by jumping onto a moving train. The duo head back to the apartment and Barton receives a call from his son Nathaniel. Bishop helps them communicate due to Barton losing his hearing aid. They visit an audiologist in Chinatown to get the hearing aid fixed. Afterwards, Bishop tries to convince Barton that he is a role model.
They sneak into Bishop's mother Eleanor's penthouse, due to Bishop's suspicions of Jack Duquesne. After investigating on Eleanor's laptop, Bishop is locked out while Duquesne threatens Barton with Ronin's sword.
Production
Development
By April 2019, Marvel Studios was developing a Disney+ series starring Jeremy Renner's Clint Barton / Hawkeye from the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) films, in which Barton would bequeath the mantle of Hawkeye to Kate Bishop. In July 2020, Bert & Bertie were hired to direct three episodes of Hawkeye. Executive producers for the series include head writer Jonathan Igla, Rhys Thomas, Brad Winderbaum, Trinh Tran, Victoria Alonso, Louis D'Esposito, and Kevin Feige. The third episode, titled "Echoes", was written by Katie Mathewson & Tanner Bean, and was released on December 1, 2021.
Writing
Directors Bert & Bertie described "The version of Maya we've seen has been born of losing her father, and she reacts to things very emotionally and very in the moment" while calling Kazi "a passionate, more level-headed character". They said that Maya Lopez's life "became about revenge for her father's death" and noted how she had "spent her life driven by that moment when she loses him". Fee felt that Kazi was in a "wonderful" dilemma as "he's trying to keep the organization [Tracksuit Mafia] intact but he's also loyal to her [Lopez]. They have a history together. They've known each other all their lives, and he might be harboring some deeper feelings for her". He also stated that while he cares for Lopez, he thinks that Kazi wants to have more authority than Lopez.
Casting
The episode stars Jeremy Renner as Clint Barton, Hailee Steinfeld as Kate Bishop, Tony Dalton as Jack Duquesne, Alaqua Cox as Maya Lopez / Echo, Fra Fee as Kazi, Aleks Paunovic as Ivan, Piotr Adamczyk as Thomas, and Zahn McClarnon as William Lopez. Also appearing are Carlos Navarro as Enrique, Cade Woodward as Nathaniel Barton, Darnell Besaw as young Maya Lopez, and Phoenix Crepin as young Kazi. Vincent D'Onofrio makes an uncredited cameo appearance as Wilson Fisk.
Design
The episode's main-on-end title sequence was designed by Perception.
Filming
Filming began in early December 2020 in New York City, including at the Lotte New York Palace Hotel. Additional filming took place at Trilith Studios and Tyler Perry Studios in Atlanta, Georgia.
Directors Bert & Bertie were aware when filming actors performing sign language that they filmed their hands as well as their whole body before "punch[ing] in for a close-up moment" based on the advice of Cox and the sign language team on the series. Bertie also noted that there were lines Cox chose not to say because her facial and body expressions would convey what the character was hoping to get across. While they were filming the car chase scene, Bert & Bertie wanted to incorporate more "Christmas moments", and as such, included a Christmas tree lot and trick arrows in the scene. Bertie also wanted to "stay with our characters and be in the experience with them and experiencing at least the first part of that car chase from inside the car". They used a 360-degree camera to film the scene and had begun conceiving the single-take scene prior to filming in Atlanta.
Marketing
After the episode's release, Marvel announced merchandise inspired by the episode as part of its weekly "Marvel Must Haves" promotion for each episode of the series, including apparel, Marvel Legends figures for Barton and Bishop, and Funko Pops of Bishop and Lopez.
Reception
Audience viewership
According to Nielsen Media Research who measure the number of minutes watched by United States audiences on television sets, Hawkeye was the third-most watched original series across streaming services for the week of November 29–December 5 with 560 million minutes watched, which was down from the previous week's 853 million minutes watched.
Critical response
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports a 100% approval rating with an average rating of 8/10, based on 15 reviews.
Matt Purslow of IGN was happy with the direction of Barton and Bishop's dynamic, saying that the series' creative team knew exactly what they were doing with them. He was happy with the fact that the pair were in almost every scene and shot of the episode together as it was "convincingly pushing forward and building up their partnership" as a result. Purslow praised the action, including the variety of trick shots by Barton in the warehouse, as well as the one-shot during the car chase. He said that as a result of the car chase, "directors Bert and Bertie instantly prove themselves among the MCU's best action visionaries". Purslow commended Marvel on casting Cox because it ensured "deafness is more than just a passing mention" as it allowed for authenticity and representation. Overall, Purslow gave the episode an 8 out of 10, with his final verdict saying "Clint and Kate's brilliant dynamic takes centre stage in an action-packed episode that lets all of Hawkeye's best elements shine". Giving the episode a B+, Chancellor Agard of Entertainment Weekly said this was the episode that "fans of Matt Fraction and David Aja's Hawkeye run" had been waiting for. He said that the episode overall was successful, especially with the full introduction of Lopez, as well as "deepening and softening Clint and Kate's dynamic", but felt the ending was unsatisfying and was surprised when it ended because he "felt as though something was missing".
Caroline Siede of The A.V. Club also gave the episode a B+, noting the shift that can be felt due to Hawkeye being the first Marvel Studios series to not have one director for all the episodes. Siede said that the episode "never loses sight of the fact that our hero killed Maya's dad" and as a result it "adds some dark emotional weight to even its zippiest action moments". She felt that the performances of Darnell Besaw and Zahn McClarnon at the beginning of the episode were key to making the episode work. Siede said the laugh of Lopez's "uncle" made her think of Vincent D'Onofrio as Wilson Fisk from the Netflix Daredevil series. Noting that if that was the case "it'd be a big but welcome swing" for him to appear again. She called the car chase an "absolute blast" and liked the variety of trick arrows. Overall Siede was happy where Clint and Kate were at the halfway point of the season. The episode received another B+ from Ross Bonaime of Collider. Bonaime said that after all the set up in the first two episodes, "Echoes" could pivot to the best aspect of the show, which he defined as "the team-up between Barton and Bishop". He felt that between the scenes of young Maya and her father, as well as her seeing her dad killed by Ronin, the series "does a fantastic job of making the audience care about Echo in a relatively short amount of time". He also praised the action, especially the car chase and the use of trick arrows in the scene. Bonaime noted that after the action packed first half of the episode, the second half slowed down considerably, but "considering what's come before, and that this section is clearly just setup for next week, it's hard to fault the episode too much for ending on a weak moment".
Accolades
At the 2022 Visual Effects Society Awards, Nicholas Hodgson, David Abbott, Nick Cattel, and Jin Choi were nominated for Outstanding Created Environment in an Episode, Commercial, or Real-Time Project for the Manhattan Bridge sequence in the episode. Carl Richard Burden, Noon Orsatti, Renae Moneymaker, and Crystal Hooks were nominated for Outstanding Stunt Performance at the 74th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards.
Notes
References
External links
Episode recap at Marvel.com
2021 American television episodes
Hawkeye (2021 TV series) episodes
Marvel Cinematic Universe crossover episodes
Television episodes about gangs
Television episodes set in the 2000s
Television episodes set in the 2020s
Jim Lewis (born December 15, 1946) is a former collegiate and WNBA basketball coach. After completing assistant coaching positions during the 1970s, Lewis was the head coach of the South Lakes High School boys' basketball team in the early 1980s. In collegiate basketball, Lewis obtained 201 wins and 107 losses as the George Mason Patriots women's basketball head coach from 1984 to 1997. He then went to the WNBA as the first head coach of the Washington Mystics for the 1998 season. Between the 2000s and 2010s, Lewis held assistant coaching positions with the Minnesota Lynx, Indiana Fever and Los Angeles Sparks. During this time period, Lewis was the head coach for the Fordham Rams women's basketball team, T.C. Williams High School girls basketball team, and Georgetown Hoyas women's basketball team.
Early life and education
Lewis was born on December 15, 1946 in Alexandria, Virginia. For his post-secondary education, Lewis played basketball at West Virginia University during the 1960s while studying journalism. After graduating from West Virginia in 1968 with a Bachelor of Science, Lewis completed his post-graduate studies at the University of Detroit and received a Master of Physical Education from Tennessee State University in 1970.
Career
From 1969 to 1971, Lewis was an assistant coach for one year each at Tennessee State and Gannon College. He continued his assistant coaching tenure in 1971 with five-year positions at Duke University and Tulane University. In 1981, Lewis was hired by South Lakes High School as a gym teacher before he became their head coach of the boys' basketball team. At South Lakes, Lewis had 59 wins and 15 losses before he left his coaching position in 1984.
In 1984, Lewis was named the head coach of the George Mason Patriots women's basketball team. With George Mason, Lewis had 201 wins and 177 losses before he was replaced by Debbie Taneyhill during the 1997 season.
That year, Lewis was hired as the inaugural head coach of the Washington Mystics. With the WNBA team, Lewis had 2 wins and 16 losses during the 1998 season.
After leaving the Mystics in 1998 to become a basketball commentator, Lewis returned to head coaching in 2000 with the Fordham Rams women's basketball team. With Fordham, Lewis had 56 wins and 118 losses between 2000 and 2006. In 2006, Lewis returned to the WNBA as an assistant coach for the Minnesota Lynx. As the T.C. Williams High School girls basketball coach from 2007 to 2008, Lewis obtained 22 wins and 1 loss before he resumed his WNBA experience with the Indiana Fever in 2008. From 2008 to 2010, Lewis worked with the Fever as a scout and assistant coach before becoming an assistant coach for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets women's basketball team in 2010.
Lewis stayed with Georgia Tech for a year before being hired by the Los Angeles Sparks in 2012 as an assistant coach. During his time with the Sparks, Lewis also scouted for the team before being named the interim head coach of the Georgetown Hoyas women's basketball team in 2013. With the Hoyas, Lewis had 11 wins and 21 losses during the 2013–14 season.
References
1946 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Alexandria, Virginia
Basketball players from Virginia
Basketball coaches from Virginia
George Mason Patriots women's basketball coaches
Washington Mystics head coaches
Fordham Rams women's basketball coaches
Minnesota Lynx coaches
Indiana Fever coaches
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets women's basketball coaches
Los Angeles Sparks coaches
Georgetown Hoyas women's basketball coaches
Carlo Ludovico Ragghianti (18 March 1910 – 3 August 1987) was an Italian art critic, historian, philosopher of art and politician.
Born in Lucca, Ragghianti studied in Pisa, where he was a pupil of Matteo Marangoni. His education was influenced by Benedetto Croce and by his theory of "pure visibility"; then he approached and deepened the theories of Konrad Fiedler, Alois Riegl, and Julius von Schlosser.
He started his career as a scholar in 1933 with essays on the Carracci and Giorgio Vasari; later he wrote on cinema and the entertainment industry as expressions of visual art, thus demonstrating his interest in all manifestations of the visual language. In 1935 he founded together with Ranuccio Bianchi Bandinelli the magazine Critica d'arte.
Ragghianti was among the founders of the Action Party and after September 8, 1943 he organized armed resistance in Tuscany. He was president of the Tuscan National Liberation Committee and headed the liberation of Florence on November 8, 1944. Ragghianti was undersecretary to the arts and entertainment in the Parri cabinet. From 1952 to 1965, along with his wife Licia Collobi, he directed the art magazine SeleArte. He was a member of the jury at the 16th Venice International Film Festival.
References
Further reading
External links
1910 births
1987 deaths
Action Party (Italy) politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
Italian art historians
Italian art critics
Italian magazine editors
20th-century Italian philosophers
VoIP is vulnerable to similar types of attacks that Web connection and emails are prone to. VoIP attractiveness, because of its low fixed cost and numerous features, come with some risks that are well known to the developers and are constantly being addressed. But these risks are usually not mentioned to the business which is the most common target.
VoIP also allows the use of fraud and shady practices that most people are not aware of. And while these practices are restricted by most providers, the possibility that someone is using them for their own gain still exists.
Vulnerabilities
Remote eavesdropping
Unencrypted connections lead to communication and security breaches. Hackers/trackers can eavesdrop on important or private conversations and extract valuable data. The overheard conversations might be sold to or used by competing businesses. The gathered intelligence can also be used as blackmail for personal gain.
Network attacks
Attacks to the user network, or internet provider can disrupt or even cut the connection. Since VOIP is highly dependent on our internet connection, direct attacks on the internet connection, or provider, are highly effective way of attack. These kinds of attacks target office telephony, since mobile internet is harder to interrupt. Also, mobile applications that do not rely on internet connection to make VOIP calls are immune to such attacks.
Default security settings
Hardphones (a.k.a. VoIP phones) are smart devices. They are more of a computer than a phone, and as such they need to be well configured. In some cases, Chinese manufacturers are using default passwords for each of the manufactured devices which leads to vulnerabilities.
VOIP over WiFi
While VoIP is relatively secure, it still needs a source of internet, which in most cases is a WIFI network. And while a home/office WIFI can be relatively secure, using public or shared networks will further compromise the connection.
VOIP exploits
VoIP spam
VoIp has its own spam called SPIT (Spam over Internet Telephony). Using the unlimited extensions provided by VOIP PBX capabilities, the spammer can constantly harass their target from different numbers. The process is not hard to automate and can fill the target's voice mail with notifications. The caller can make calls often enough to block the target from getting important incoming calls. This practice can be costly to the caller and is rarely used other than for marketing needs.
VoIP phishing
VOIP users can change their Caller ID (a.k.a. Caller ID spoofing), allowing caller to represent himself as relative, colleague, or part of the family, in order to extract information, money or benefits from the target.
See also
Comparison of VoIP software
INVITE of Death
List of VoIP companies
Mobile communications over IP - Mobile VoIP
Voice over WLAN - VoIP over a WiFi network
References
Internet security
Doctor in Love is a 1960 British comedy film, the fourth of the seven films in the Doctor series, starring James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt and Michael Craig as Dr Richard Hare. This was the first film in the series not to feature Dirk Bogarde, although he did return for the next film in the series Doctor in Distress. It was loosely based on the 1957 novel of the same title by Richard Gordon.
Plot
Dr Richard Hare is a recently graduated medical intern at St Swithins Hospital. When his new romantic interest, nurse Sally Nightingale, suddenly leaves the hospital, he is devastated. He also leaves after being offered a job in private practice. But when his senior partner, Dr Cardew, has to visit California for a few months, Hare is left in charge.
He is joined by Dr Tony Burke who proceeds to airily order expensive equipment that the practice cannot afford but leaves the practice after breaking an arm. Dr Nicola Barrington joins the practice and Hare is suddenly in love again. The romance doesn't go well, especially when Sally re-appears and takes the job of practice secretary and eventually Nicola leaves.
Hare struggles through various comedic and other complications, mainly stemming from Burke's amorous attentions to female patients.
After enlisting Sir Lancelot Spratt's assistance to save a young dying boy, he diagnoses Spratt with appendicitis and decides to operate, despite Spratt's loud objections. He objects even more when Dr Burke fills in at the last moment as the anaesthetist. Despite Spratt's vociferous protestations, the operation is a success.
Hare is reunited with Nicola and returns to St Swithins.
Main cast
James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt
Michael Craig as Dr. Richard Hare
Leslie Phillips as Dr. Tony Burke
Joan Sims as Dawn
Liz Fraser as Leonora
Virginia Maskell as Dr. Nicola Barrington
Carole Lesley as Kitten Strudwick
Reginald Beckwith as Wildewinde
Nicholas Phipps as Dr. Clive Cardew
Ambrosine Phillpotts as Lady Spratt
Irene Handl as Professor MacRitchie
Fenella Fielding as Mrs. Tadwich
Nicholas Parsons as Dr. Roger Hinxman
Moira Redmond as Sally Nightingale
Ronnie Stevens as Harold Green
Michael Ward as Dr. Flower
John Le Mesurier as Dr. Mincing
Meredith Edwards as Father
Avis Bunnage as Mrs. Mimp (uncredited)
Esma Cannon as Raffia Lady (uncredited)
Patrick Cargill as Car Salesman (uncredited)
Bill Fraser as Police Sergeant (uncredited)
Joan Hickson as Sister (uncredited)
John Junkin as Policeman (uncredited)
Rosalind Knight as Doctor (uncredited)
Roland Curram as Student Doctor (uncredited)
Sheila Hancock as Librarian (uncredited)
Robin Ray as Doctor (uncredited)
Norman Rossington as Doorman (uncredited)
Peter Sallis as Love-struck Patient (uncredited)
Marianne Stone as Nurse (uncredited)
Jimmy Thompson as Doctor (uncredited)
Sally Douglas as Stripper (uncredited)
Angela Browne as Susan (uncredited)
Warren Mitchell as Haystack Club Manager (uncredited)
Production
Dirk Bogarde did not want to make any more Doctor films, so the filmmakers cast Michael Craig and Leslie Phillips as young doctors. Producer Betty Box later said the entire cast cost as much as Bogarde's current fee at that time. Craig said "it was no sweat, a bit like a mildly peasant piece of deja vu" because he had just worked with the same team on Upstairs and Downstairs. Box says "We all developed an affection for Doctor in Love. It was a gay, happy comedy which brought us into contact with some fine fresh talents."
Shooting took place at Pinewood Studios and on location around London including at University College London. The sets were designed by the art director Maurice Carter. The film features a visit to a strip tease club.
Reception
The film was the most popular movie at the British box office in 1960. Craig said "I don't think Doctor in Love'''s success had anything to do with me - King Kong probably could have played the part with the same result." Betty Box claimed it earned more than Doctor at Large. "We felt we'd pushed our luck to the ninth degree and should now forget about doctors and medical students", she said.
Not all reviews were positive, Monthly Film Bulletin'' described the film as "an antediluvian farce of staggering witlessness and vulgarity".
References
External links
Doctor in Love at Britmovie
1960 films
1960 comedy films
British comedy films
Doctor in the House
1960s English-language films
Films directed by Ralph Thomas
Medical-themed films
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films produced by Betty Box
Films set in London
Films shot in London
Films based on British novels
1960s British films
The National Archives of Estonia (NAE, ) has been the centre of archival administration in Estonia since 1999.
Organization
NAE collects and preserves records documenting the history, culture, nationhood and social conditions in Estonia independent of the time or place of creation, or character of data medium. NAE is a government agency within the domain of the Ministry of Education and Research. It includes collection, preservation and access departments in Tallinn and in Tartu, regional departments in Rakvere and in Valga, as well as the film and digital archives. Development of research is covered by the research and publishing bureau, the support services function with the help of the administrative bureau.
The cornerstone of the new main building of NAE was laid in the spring of 2015 and was publicly opened in 2017. The new site covers 13,599 m2, the building has 6 floors, with a total floor area of 10,708 m2 and a volume of 50,000 m³. The repository space covers 5,800 m2, and contains 26 repositories which can store approximately 43,000 shelf metres.
Collections
8.8 million records, the oldest from 1240: follow the Archival Information System
millions of digital images with free of charge access: follow the digitized sources in Saaga
9.5 million metres of film recordings, the oldest from 1908
more than half a million of photos
almost 135,000 maps
factually 2200 seals
about 1500 parchments from 13th to 19th century
Family history research
NAE preserves sources for family history research. These include data about births, deaths and marriages of Estonians as well as Baltic Germans and the others lived in the area. There are also numerous personal files (records of university students, records of legal proceedings and of repressed individuals) which are helping to reveal the fragments of the everyday life and character of past generations. Most Estonians can trace their family lineage back to the beginning of the 18th century. Most of the handwritten texts preserved in NAE have been compiled in German and in Russian. Family history research can be conducted by individuals free of charge in the Saaga portal. Guidance for family history research as well as applications for an archival notice can be made electronically via the virtual reading room called VAU.
Publications
NAE publishes the Past (in Estonian Tuna) and other publications which can be purchased at the NAE web shop.
History and legislation
Although NAE is a young institution, the establishment of the national archives system started at the beginning of the Republic of Estonia. After the Archive Committee's first meeting on 3 March in 1920 the Historical Archives was established in Tartu as the repository for the records of historically significant institutions, and the State Archives in Tallinn became the keeper of records of active institutions. The 1935 Archives Act strengthened the role of archives in the preservation and use of society's valuable records. During the Soviet period the archives continued their work, the regional archives, which were active in larger towns, were renamed as city archives and governed by Moscow. Independent management of the archives was restored in the 1990s and the National Archives of Estonia became active on 1 January 1999, in accordance with the Archives Act passed in 1998. On 1 January 2012, the new Archives Act entered into force. The main objective of the Act is to create optimal legal terms and conditions in the transition to digital records and archives management. The reduction of the deadline for transferring records to the archives from 20 to 10 years is the most significant regulative change in the Act. It enables risk management in digital environment for long-term preservation and affords use of records in one secure competence centre – the National Archives. The detailed regulations for the public archives and for the archival creators can be found within the Archival Rules.
See also
List of national archives
References
External links
National Archives of Estonia website
The National Archives of Estonia at Google Cultural Institute
NAE in Facebook
NAE in YouTube
NAE in Flickr
Blog of NAE
Crowdsourcing by NAE
Archives in Estonia
Estonia
Government of Estonia
Graciana Xarra (died in Logrono, Spain, 1 November 1610) was a Spanish alleged witch. She was one of the people charged with sorcery in the Basque witch trials (1609-1614), and one of only six of 7.000 accused to be executed.
She was from Urdax in Navarre. She was the widow of the shepherd Martin de Borda, and worked as the director of the local pilgrims' hospital.
She was arrested by the inquisitor Valle Alvarado in 1609. She was charged with witchcraft and participation in the witches' sabbath in Zugarramurdi. She was investigated by the Spanish Inquisition in Logroño.
Of about 7.000 people accused in the Basque witch trials, only six were ultimately executed. They were condemned to be executed by the Inquisition because they had repeatedly refused to confess, regret and ask for mercy, despite having been accused for a number of sorcery acts by several different people.
She and five others was being burned alive at the stake on an autodafé in Logrono 1 November 1610, alongside the effigies of five other condemned people, who had died in prison prior to the execution.
References
17th-century Spanish people
17th-century Spanish women
People executed for witchcraft
Witch trials in Spain
1610 deaths
People executed by Spain by burning
People executed by the Spanish Inquisition
17th-century executions by Spain
Willy Bruno Ewald Schlokat (23 June 1898 – 14 September 1993) was a German track and field athlete. He competed in the javelin throw at the 1928 Summer Olympics and finished in fifth place with a result of 63.40 m, which was 1.20 m below his personal best.
References
1898 births
1993 deaths
German male javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
People from Königsberg
Mitoxantrone (INN, BAN, USAN; also known as Mitozantrone in Australia; trade name Novantrone) is an anthracenedione antineoplastic agent.
Uses
Mitoxantrone is used to treat certain types of cancer, mostly acute myeloid leukemia. It improves the survival rate of children suffering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia relapse.
The combination of mitoxantrone and prednisone is approved as a second-line treatment for metastatic hormone-refractory prostate cancer. Until recently this combination was the first line of treatment; however, a combination of docetaxel and prednisone improves survival rates and lengthens the disease-free period.
Mitoxantrone is also used to treat multiple sclerosis (MS), most notably the subset of the disease known as secondary-progressive MS. In the absence of a cure, mitoxantrone is effective in slowing the progression of secondary-progressive MS and extending the time between relapses in both relapsing-remitting MS and progressive-relapsing MS.
Side effects
Mitoxantrone, as with other drugs in its class, may cause adverse reactions of varying severity, including nausea, vomiting, hair loss, heart damage and immunosuppression, possibly with delayed onset. Cardiomyopathy is a particularly concerning effect as it is irreversible; thus regular monitoring with echocardiograms or MUGA scans is recommended for patients.
Because of the risk of cardiomyopathy, mitoxantrone carries a limit on the cumulative lifetime dose (based on body surface area) in MS patients.
Mechanism of action
Mitoxantrone is a type II topoisomerase inhibitor; it disrupts DNA synthesis and DNA repair in both healthy cells and cancer cells by intercalation between DNA bases. It is also classified as an antibiotic.
See also
Pixantrone, a mitoxantrone analogue under development
Losoxantrone
References
External links
Topoisomerase inhibitors
IARC Group 2B carcinogens
Primary alcohols
Merck brands
Aromatic amines
Dihydroxyanthraquinones
Hydroquinones
DNA intercalaters
3-Hydroxypropenals within hydroxyquinones
Vratislaus (or Wratislaus) I (; – 13 February 921), a member of the Přemyslid dynasty, was Duke of Bohemia from 915 until his death.
Life
He was a son of Duke Bořivoj I of Bohemia by his wife Ludmila and the younger brother of Duke Spytihněv I. Around 906, he married Drahomíra, a Hevellian princess, to establish close ties with the Polabian Slavs. Vratislaus had at least two sons, Wenceslaus and Boleslaus, both of whom succeeded him as Bohemian dukes. Some historians believe that Střezislava, the wife of the Bohemian nobleman Slavník, founder of the Slavník dynasty, was also the daughter of Vratislaus.
Upon the death of his elder brother Spytihněv in 915, Vratislaus became duke at a time when the Bohemian lands around Prague Castle had already distanced themselves from the political and cultural sphere of Great Moravia and fallen under the influence of East Francia, especially during the rule of Duke Arnulf of Bavaria. The contemporary Annales Fuldenses report that the Bavarian forces had attacked Prince Mojmír II of Moravia in alliance with the Bohemians already in the year 900. On the other hand, Duke Vratislaus offered the Hungarian invaders free passage and supported their campaign against the Saxon duke Henry the Fowler in the year 915.
Vratislaus is credited with the establishment of St. George's Basilica at Prague Castle and also with the foundation of the Silesian city of Wrocław (Breslau), whose Latin name "Vratislavia" denotes his initiative. He died in battle against the Hungarians, possibly in 919, although 921 is more often conjectured.
References
Ancestral Roots of Certain American Colonists Who Came to America Before 1700 by Frederick Lewis Weis; Line 244-7
The Plantagenet Ancestry by William Henry Turton, Page 85
Royal Highness, Ancestry of the Royal Child by Sir Iain Moncreiffe, Pages 64–65
Dukes of Bohemia
Christian monarchs
880s births
Year of birth uncertain
921 deaths
Burials at St. George's Basilica, Prague
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
10th-century rulers in Europe
10th-century Bohemian people
The 2018–19 season was MOL Vidi FC's 51st competitive season, 20th consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 78th year in existence as a football club.
First team squad
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Source:
Winter
In:
Out:
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated on 25 May 2019.
|-
|colspan="14"|Out to loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players no longer at the Club:
|}
Top scorers
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Last updated on 25 May 2019
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Last updated on 25 May 2019
Overall
{|class="wikitable"
|-
|Games played || 57 (33 OTP Bank Liga, 14 CL/EL and 10 Hungarian Cups)
|-
|Games won || 32 (18 OTP Bank Liga, 4 CL/EL and 10 Hungarian Cups)
|-
|Games drawn || 13 (7 OTP Bank Liga, 6 CL/EL and 0 Hungarian Cups)
|-
|Games lost || 12 (8 OTP Bank Liga, 4 CL/EL and 0 Hungarian Cups)
|-
|Goals scored || 86
|-
|Goals conceded || 53
|-
|Goal difference || +33
|-
|Yellow cards || 166
|-
|Red cards || 3
|-
|rowspan="1"|The Worst discipline || Anel Hadžić (16 , 1 )
|-
|rowspan="2"|Best result || 4–0 (H) v Kisvárda - Nemzeti Bajnokság I - 21-7-2018
|-
| 4–0 (A) v Paks - Nemzeti Bajnokság I - 3-11-2018
|-
|rowspan="3"|The Worst result || 0–3 (H) v MTK Budapest - Nemzeti Bajnokság I - 7-10-2018
|-
| 0–3 (H) v Puskás Akadémia - Nemzeti Bajnokság I - 2-2-2019
|-
| 1–4 (A) v Ferencváros - Nemzeti Bajnokság I - 20-4-2019
|-
|rowspan="1"|Most appearances || Loïc Nego (57 appearances)
|-
|rowspan="1"|Top scorer || Marko Šćepović (14 goals)
|-
|Points || 107/171 (62.57%)
|-
Nemzeti Bajnokság I
Matches
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Hungarian Cup
Champions League
Europa League
Group Stage
References
External links
Official Website
UEFA
fixtures and results
Fehérvár FC seasons
Hungarian football clubs 2018–19 season
The Newcastle Main Post Office is a historic post office building in Newcastle, Wyoming. Built in 1932, it was constructed as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Newcastle was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Newcastle Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Neoclassical architecture in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1932
Buildings and structures in Weston County, Wyoming
Post office buildings in Wyoming
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Weston County, Wyoming
Newcastle, Wyoming
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Wyoming
Silver Beach Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at the head of the Seymour Arm of Shuswap Lake in that province's Shuswap Country, adjacent to the settlement of Seymour Arm.
References
Parks in the Shuswap Country
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1969
1969 establishments in British Columbia
The Noel J Taylor Memorial Mile is a Group One race for pacing horses in New Zealand.
It is currently held over the distance of 1609 metres (one mile) once a year at Alexandra Park, Auckland, New Zealand. From 2007 to 2018 it was raced over 1700m.
Traditionally the race was only for 4 year old pacers. However, from 2013 to 2015 the race was also open to five-year-olds. For the 2022 event it was opened up to all pacers. As well as being a major event in its own right, it is also the key lead-up to the New Zealand Messenger run the following week.
Winners list
Other major races
Auckland Trotting Cup
New Zealand Trotting Cup
New Zealand Free For All
Great Northern Derby
Dominion Handicap
Rowe Cup
New Zealand Messenger
Inter Dominion Pacing Championship
Inter Dominion Trotting Championship
Miracle Mile Pace
See also
Harness racing
Harness racing in New Zealand
References
Horse races in New Zealand
Harness racing in New Zealand
The 967th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment (; Military Unit Number 22222) was a surface-to-air missile regiment of the Soviet Air Defense Forces during the Cold War which briefly became part of the Russian Air Defense Forces.
It traced its lineage back to the 351st Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment, formed before World War II to provided air defense for Leningrad. For its actions in the Siege of Leningrad, the 351st was awarded the Order of the Red Banner. It became the 72nd Anti-Aircraft Artillery Brigade in 1944 and the 967th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment in 1945. In 1961, the regiment became the 967th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment with S-125 missiles. It relocated to Tikhvin in 1968, equipped with the S-200V. It was disbanded in 1993 as a result of the introduction of the more modern S-300PS in the Leningrad air defense system.
History
The 351st Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment was formed in late 1940, covering the northern air defense sector of Leningrad. During the Siege of Leningrad in World War II, the regiment defended the city against air attack. During a 5 April raid, gunner Bespalov of Senior Lieutenant P.A. Kaplar claimed a Junkers Ju 88 downed. On 4 October, Senior Sergeant B.S. Alymov's crew claimed three enemy aircraft downed during the Sinyavino Offensive. Between 26 September and 6 October of that year, the 189th and 351st Regiments claimed 40 enemy aircraft downed combined. In January 1943, the regiment covered ground troops during Operation Iskra. For its actions, the regiment's 3rd Battalion was awarded the Order of the Red Banner on 14 February, and the 351st was awarded the same decoration on 9 February 1944. In May of that year, the regiment became the 72nd Anti-Aircraft Artillery Brigade. In the fall of 1945, the brigade became the 967th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment, equipped with medium caliber anti-aircraft guns. Until the late 1950s, the 967th was stationed in the Rzhevka area of Leningrad.
In accordance with a directive of 23 January 1961, the regiment was redesignated as the 967th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment, one of three regiments of the 6th Independent Air Defense Army that included six battalions of S-125 missiles, designed to target low-altitude, maneuverable aircraft. The 967th was based at Tamengont near Lomonosov on the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland. By a directive of 24 January 1968, a school for training junior specialists of air defense was formed in Tamengont, and the regiment was transferred to Tikhvin and reequipped with long-range S-200 missiles. The 967th included three S-200V battalions, positioned near Kayvaksa.
In 1986, the regiment became part of the 54th Air Defense Corps. After the more modern S-300PS was introduced into the Leningrad air defense system, the S-200V units were gradually phased out, and the regiment was disbanded in 1993.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Surface-to-air missile regiments of the Soviet Air Defence Forces
Regiments of the Russian Federation
Military units and formations established in 1961
Military units and formations disestablished in 1993
William Harborne of Great Yarmouth, Norfolk (c.1542–1617) was a diplomat, businessman, and English Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, appointed by Queen Elizabeth I of England.
Establishment of the English Embassy in Constantinople
Following a visit to Constantinople in 1575 by English merchants John Wright and Joseph Clements, Harborne was employed in 1578 by a group of English merchants to travel to Constantinople, via Poland, and obtain permission from the Sultan Murat III for English ships to trade in Ottoman ports. Previously only the French had enjoyed this privilege, which was granted to Harborne in 1580 following negotiations with Sadrazam Sokollu Mehmed Pasha, and correspondence between Queen Elizabeth I and the Sultan.
Harborne thus became English Ambassador, in the pay of the Levant Company, an association of traders created for this purpose, led by Edward Osborne and Richard Staper, who had accompanied Harborne on his visits. Harborne received diplomatic credentials from Queen Elizabeth on 20 November 1582. Sailing to Constantinople from London he arrived on 26 March 1583 bearing lavish gifts for the Sultan including an expensive clock.
Harborne played a key role in preventing the Ottoman Empire from supporting Catholic Spain in the war with Protestant England that was taking place at the time. Harborne was able to persuade the Porte that Spain was a threat to peace for all of Europe. Although he was unable to obtain a military alliance with the Ottomans, the Spanish-Ottoman protocol was not renewed in 1587. The Elizabethan Treaty was renewed and would survive for 343 years with England and Turkey. The Turkish powers were furious; and the Englishman was threatened several times by French to be turfed out.
Harborne also succeeded in obtaining from the Ottomans capitulations and other tariff reductions for English goods, and was charged with obtaining samples and information regarding dyestuffs and fabrics used in the production of cloth and clothing in Turkey at that time. The ambassador departed in August 1588 succeeded by Sir Edward Barton, by which time trade had begun to thrive and the post was one of the most powerful positions in the English foreign service.
On his return to England Harborne settled at Mundham, Norfolk. He died there on 6 November 1617 and was buried in that parish. There is a monument to his memory in that parish, with a eulogistic inscription in English verse.
The Plaque reads:
"Behold a dead mans howse who full of dayes, retirde here from the world desert and praise should sitt uppon in vertuous strife, this to instruct and that to wright his life heires spare your cost he needs no tombe in death who Embassagde for Queene Elizabeth his next will be when at the generall dome God sends his sovle to fetch his bodye home"
Works
Harborne wrote:
An account of his journey from Constantinople to London in 1588. Printed in Hakluyt's Collection of Voyages
The relation of my tenn yeares forraine travelle in procuring and establishing the intercourse into the Grand Seignor his domynions, begun in anno 1577 and fynished 1588, specifieng the service donn to hir Matie and Comon Wealth, with such perticuler proffet as the Traders thether have and doe enioye therebie, Lansdowne MS. 57, f. 65.
Many of his letters and documents relating to his embassy are preserved among the Lansdowne MSS. in the British Museum, and the Tanner MSS. in the Bodleian Library at Oxford.
Family
Whilst his parents' identities are unknown, his grandfather, Henry Arborn, is known to have lived in Mundham until his death in 1538.
Harborne married Elizabeth, daughter of Anthony Drury of Besthorpe, Norfolk on 16 September 1589. They had several children:
John, his son and heir.
Elizabeth, who stayed in Mundham, she married Gregory Randall and had a daughter;
Elizabeth, William's Granddaughter, who lived from 1629 to Jan 1652, and died in Mundham, at the age of 23.
Notes
References
Attribution
1542 births
1617 deaths
English merchants
17th-century English businesspeople
People from Great Yarmouth
Ambassadors of England to the Ottoman Empire
Levant Company
16th-century English diplomats
Slow Dancing is the second extended play by Australian-American pop singer, Betty Who. The extended play was released on 8 April 2014 and peaked at number 57 on the Billboard 200.
Critical reception
Heather Phares from AllMusic gave the EP 4 out of 5, saying: "On Slow Dancing, Who seems capable of going in any direction and doing it well. Many artists might need an entire album to cover as much musical and emotional range as she does in these five songs, which spend equal time honing the sound she introduced on The Movement and showing she can do even more. The bouncy 'Alone Again' shows that her ever-so-slightly '80s-tinged sound has legs and never feels overly retro. Meanwhile, 'Heartbreak Dream' and 'Giving Me Away' walk the line between happy and heartbroken so skillfully that better-known artists like Katy Perry would love to call them their own. Who puts her spin on smooth R&B with 'Lovin Start,' which evokes her '80s and '90s inspirations as well as contemporaries like HAIM, while 'Silas,' an affecting acoustic ballad, reaffirms her voice sounds good in virtually any setting. Even though Slow Dancing ventures into more subdued territory than The Movement, it's just as triumphant and ramps up expectations for Betty Who's debut album."
Slow Dancing Tour
Who announced a 22-date tour date on 3 February 2014.
March 22: Philadelphia (Underground Arts)
March 23: Washington (Rock & Roll Hotel)
March 24: Nashville (The High Watt)
March 26: Atlanta (Masquerade (Purgatory Stage))
March 27: New Orleans (Hi Ho Lounge)
March 28: Houston (Fitzgerald's)
March 29: Dallas (Three Links)
April 1: Los Angeles (Troubadour)
April 2: San Francisco (Slims)
April 4: Portland (Bunk Bar)
April 5: Seattle (Barboza)
April 6: Vancouver (The Media Club)
April 8: Salt Lake City (Bar Deluxe)
April 9: Denver (Larimer Lounge)
April 10: Omaha (Waiting Room)
April 11: Minneapolis (The Whole Music Club)
April 12: Chicago (Lincoln Hall)
April 14: Detroit (Magic Stick)
April 15: Toronto (The Garrison)
April 16: Brooklyn (Il Motore)
April 17: Boston (Brighton Music Hall)
April 18: Brooklyn (Music Hall of Williamsburg)
Track listing
All songs were included on Betty Who's debut album, Take Me When You Go (2014).
Charts
References
2014 EPs
RCA Records EPs
Synth-pop EPs
EPs by Australian artists
EPs by American artists
Betty Who albums
Power pop EPs
Soya3D is a high-level Python module for creating 3D video games. Soya is free software, licensed under the GPL. As a multi-platform game engine, it is known to run under Linux, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows.
Creator Jean-Baptiste "Jiba" Lamy describes Soya as a game engine focused on rapid development and ease of use. Its goal is to enable amateur developers to create sophisticated 3D games entirely in the Python language.
Features and implementation
Soya3D aims to provide all that is needed to support a modern 3D game. Rendering, sound, input, physical simulation, and networking are all provided via simple Python interfaces. Soya is provided with a detailed - though incomplete - user guide which describes its architecture, operation, and interfaces. Also included are over sixty tutorial scripts which provide working examples of the engine's features.
Computationally demanding components of Soya are written with Pyrex, which helps it to stay competitive in performance against more conventional game engines. The engine also relies heavily upon open-source libraries such as Cal3D, OpenAL, ODE, among others.
Version history
Soya was originally a Java 3D game system called Opale.Soya.
2003: The authors of Opale.Soya rewrote it in Python and C
2003: Opale.Soya renamed Soya3d with its version 0.3 release
July 12, 2004: Version 0.7 released as a complete rewrite in Pyrex
October 16, 2004: Version 0.8.1 release added Open Dynamics Engine support
December 12, 2004: Version 0.9 released added support for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X exporters for 3D Studio Max and Maya.
July 9, 2005: Version 0.10, released including a new widget system called Pudding and support for Cal3d 0.10 (Soya previously used Cal3D 0.9.2)
June 11, 2006: Version 0.11 This release allows using Cerealizer instead of cPickle (see on website for more information)
July 19, 2006: Version 0.12 This new version proposes a new sound API, a new automatic system for optimizing static object
January 24, 2007: Version 0.13 ODE integration, Blender exporter, BSP system (work in progress), bugfixes
August 8, 2008: Version 0.14
January 24, 2010: Version 0.15rc1
September 6, 2014: Version 3–0.1 – Support for Python 3.4 and Blender 2.70, vertex shaders and pixel shaders, improved performance (the rendering process has been entirely rewritten using vertex buffer object), fullscreen anti-aliasing, per-pixel lighting and cellshading, GPL v3 license
PySoy
In June 2006, due to dissatisfaction with Lamy's leadership approach and technical decisions, some developers launched a fork of Soya3D called PySoy. The project promises a more inclusive, community-oriented development environment.
PySoy Beta-2 was released in January 2008 and development remains active with further releases.
See also
References
External links
Current Soya3D Home Page
Old Soya3D Home Page
PySoy Homepage
Python (programming language) libraries
Free 3D graphics software
Free software programmed in Python
Stormbreaker is a young adult action-adventure book written by British author Anthony Horowitz, and is the first novel in the Alex Rider series. The book was released in the United Kingdom on the 4th of September 2000, and in United States release on 21 May 2001, where it became a New York Times Bestseller. Since its release, the book has sold more than nine million copies worldwide, been listed on the BBC's The Big Read, and in 2005 received a California Young Reader Medal.
A film adaptation, starring Alex Pettyfer as Alex Rider, was released in 2005.
Plot summary
The protagonist, Alex Rider, secretly becomes a teenage spy for MI6, working undercover in Port Tallen, Cornwall. There he discovers the Stormbreaker computer factory where millions of computers were being filled with biological weapons which would give smallpox to the user. The aim of the attack was to kill hundreds of thousands of British schoolchildren and their teachers.
Critical reception
Critical reception for Stormbreaker was mixed to positive, with the book being placed on multiple ALA lists. Common Sense Media praised Stormbreaker for its action sequences, but criticised its dialogue and logic. Kirkus Reviews also commented that the book's plot was "preposterous" but stated that the readers "won't care".
Awards
Wisconsin Golden Archer Award (2003)
Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award (2004)
Utah Beehive Award (2004)
California Young Reader Medal (2005)
Iowa Teen Award (2005)
South Carolina Junior Book Award (2005)
Adaptations
Graphic novel
In 2005 a graphic novel adaptation of Stormbreaker was released in the United Kingdom and the United States. The graphic novel was an adaptation of the screenplay written for the movie released the same year, and was intended as a tie-in for the film.
Film
In 2006 a film adaptation of Stormbreaker was released to theatres starring Alex Pettyfer as Alex Rider with Geoffrey Sax directing. Critical reception for the film was average, with Stormbreaker holding only a 33% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes with the consensus being that the film was "strictly children's fare, as it lacks originality, excitement, and believabiltity".
Video game
A video game adaptation of the film was released in 2006 under the name of Alex Rider: Stormbreaker for the Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS. The game received mixed reviews, with IGN criticising the game and giving it a rating of 4/10.
References
External links
Official website of the books
Stormbreaker at Walker Books
Alex Rider novels
2000 British novels
Novels set in Cornwall
British novels adapted into films
Walker Books books
The 1921 Wabash Little Giants football team represented Wabash College during the 1921 college football season. The team's coach was Robert E. Vaughan. In Robert E. Vaughan's 3rd year as head coach, the Little Giants compiled a 7–2 record and outscored their opponents by a total of 146 to 31.
Schedule
References
Wabash
Wabash Little Giants football seasons
Wabash Little Giants football
Wacław Iwaszkiewicz-Rudoszański (26 August 1871 – 25 November 1922) was a Polish general.
He was born in Omsk on 26 August 1871, and served in the Russian Imperial Army until the October Revolution. He was active in the defense of the fortress of Port Arthur during the Russo-Japanese War. During World War I, he was colonel of the 54th Siberian Infantry Division, and participated in the Battle of Łódź and in the defense of Warsaw against the German Army. In 1915 he was promoted to the rank of general.
After the Russian Revolution in 1917 he joined the forming Polish Army. He commanded the 3rd Polish Rifleman Division of the Polish I Corps in Russia. He took part in the Polish-Ukrainian War of 1918 and 1919 and the Polish-Soviet War of 1918–1921, commanding respectively the 1st Lithuanian–Belarusian Division, Polish Eastern Army, the Galician-Volhynian, Galician and Podolian fronts, 6th Army and the Southern Front. He was decorated with Virtuti Militari twice - in 1920 and 1922. He retired after the war. He died in 1922, receiving a state funeral.
References
Peter Stawecki, Biographical Dictionary of the Polish Army generals 1918–1939, Bellona Publishing House, Warsaw 1994,
1871 births
1922 deaths
Military personnel from Omsk
People from Akmolinsk Oblast (Russian Empire)
People from the Russian Empire of Polish descent
Polish generals in the Imperial Russian Army
Polish generals
Russian military personnel of the Russo-Japanese War
Russian military personnel of World War I
Polish people of the Polish–Ukrainian War
Polish people of the Polish–Soviet War
Commanders of the Virtuti Militari
Recipients of the Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari
Commanders of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Recipients of the Cross of Valour (Poland)
Burials at Lychakiv Cemetery
McKinley Lenard Price (born March 10, 1949) is an American politician and dentist, currently serving as the mayor of the city of Newport News, Virginia. An independent, Price's current term expires on December 31, 2022.
Career
Price graduated from Collis P. Huntington High School in 1967 and Hampton Institute in 1971 before serving in the United States Army as a commissioned officer. He was honorably discharged as a first lieutenant in 1972. Price attended Howard University College of Dentistry, after which he performed a general anesthesia residency at Providence Hospital in Baltimore.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Price helped by encouraging people to get vaccinated and administering vaccinations himself.
Personal life
Price is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. Price is married to Valerie Scott Price, a retired teacher of thirty years who worked with the Newport News Public School System. Together, they have two children.
See also
Newport News, Virginia
References
African-American mayors in Virginia
American dentists
1949 births
Living people
Mayors of Newport News, Virginia
Military personnel from Virginia
United States Army officers
Virginia Independents
Hampton University alumni
Howard University alumni
21st-century American politicians
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American politicians
Charles Barber (9 July 1848 – 22 September 1915) was born in Upper Canada and was an architect and an inventor although one whose business dealings gave him a somewhat unsavory reputation.
The majority of Barber's architectural work took place in Winnipeg between 1876 and 1898 where he designed schools, colleges, church buildings and office buildings. By 1883, his firm was the largest and most successful in Winnipeg. About that time, he began to acquire a reputation for "shady dealings" and that, along with changing times, affected his business. During his time in Manitoba his firm produced over 100 designs of which 85 were built.
His inventions started seriously in Manitoba and, in 1901, he took his most successful projects, a fireproof door and safe, to Montreal. There, both he and his wife were convicted of extortion.
His architectural work in Winnipeg had a definite influence on the face of that city during a period of rapid growth at the end of the 19th century.
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Barber and Barber, Architects Extraordinaire in Society for the Study of Architecture in Canada Bulletin
1848 births
1915 deaths
Canadian architects
Dev Bootcamp was an immersive 19-week coding bootcamp founded by Shereef Bishay, Jesse Farmer, and Dave Hoover in February 2012. It is designed to make graduates job-ready by the end of the program. Dev Bootcamp was headquartered in San Francisco, California, with additional locations in Seattle, Chicago, New York City, Washington DC, San Diego, and Austin. It was acquired by for-profit education company Kaplan, Inc in 2014. Dev Bootcamp closed in 2017. The Dev Bootcamp domain was acquired by Noble Desktop in 2019.
The program
The program was 9 weeks of remote work (called Phase 0) and then 9 weeks of intensive onsite training in professional web development, including Ruby on Rails, HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript. A week of career training followed the 18 weeks of technical training. The program took students with little or no prior programming experience and taught them the fundamentals of computer programming. The program's goal was to develop the necessary skills within the students to make them job-ready for an entry-level developer position. According to Hoover, applicants to the 2013 Chicago programs had varied backgrounds, ranging from students who have master's degrees in computer science to a Starbucks barista.
The program valued learning by building and doing; in contrast to traditional classrooms, Dev Bootcamp students worked through a series of programming challenges, usually working in pairs or small groups, which culminated in a final group project. The tuition costs were $13,950 in the New York and San Francisco locations, and $12,700 for the Chicago, San Diego, Austin, and Seattle locations for the 9-week, 40-hour-per-week program. Core class hours were weekdays 9am-6pm in San Francisco and 8am-5pm in Chicago. However, most students stayed nights and weekends, which amounted to an approximate 70–80 hours per week. Dev Bootcamp organized hiring days for technology companies to interview students. They then collected a referral fee from employers that hire their graduates, and they passed along part of that fee to the graduate in the form of a hiring bonus.
In 2015, Dev Bootcamp tested a remote teaching model in a pilot program in Columbus, Ohio, which was canceled after the first round even though four of its 14 enrollees had already found jobs. The company announced it was closing its doors on July 23, 2017 via a press release.
Phases
The program was divided into three core phases, each lasting three weeks. In the first phase, students learned some of the fundamentals of computer programming in Ruby, including algorithms and database querying. The next phase introduced front-end technologies and combined them with previously learned material. The final phase brought everything full-circle with the Ruby on Rails framework. In this phase, students built a web application from scratch.
Students were also required to remotely complete 9 weeks of preparation material before the on-location courses began.
Reception
After its founding in 2012, Dev Bootcamp was featured in the Chicago Tribune, Fast Company, Business Insider, TechCrunch, and Inc. Magazine. According to the company, 95% of the individuals who had graduated from Dev Bootcamp San Francisco that year found jobs, with an average starting salary of more than $85,000. Dev Bootcamp was also highly rated on bootcamp reviews sites like Course Report.
See also
Web development
References
External links
DevBootcamp.com
Dev Bootcamp on Twitter
Chinatown, San Francisco
Organizations based in San Francisco
Coding schools
Barák is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonín Barák (born 1994), Czech professional footballer
Josef Barák (1833–1883), Czech politician, journalist, and poet
Jindřich Barák (born 1991), Czech ice hockey player
Czech-language surnames
Albinaria corrugata is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution
This species occurs in:
Greece
Description
References
External links
http://www.animalbase.uni-goettingen.de/zooweb/servlet/AnimalBase/home/species?id=416
Albinaria
Gastropods described in 1792
Mountcastle & Sons is an Australian hat manufacturer. The company is associated with bush hats made of rabbit fur felt with wide brims that are worn in rural Australia.
Statesman Hats is owned by Mountcastle Statesman was established in 1972 in Western Australia. It was bought by Mountcastle in 1995.
Trutex, an independent school uniform brand, is owned by Mountcastle.
See also
List of the oldest companies in Australia
References
External links
1835 establishments in Australia
Australian companies established in 1835
Retail companies established in 1835
Companies based in Melbourne
Retail companies of Australia
Family-owned companies of Australia
Hat companies
Companies based in New South Wales
Outdoor clothing brands
Rider apparel
Australian headgear
Australian fashion
Clothing brands of Australia
Privately held companies of Australia
Australian military uniforms
School uniform
Lansing USD 469 is a public unified school district headquartered in Lansing, Kansas, United States. It is in Leavenworth County in the northeastern portion of the state, part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
Administration
USD 469 is currently under the leadership of Superintendent Dan Wessel.
Board of education
The Lansing board of education meets on the second Monday of every month at 7 pm at the District Office. Documents for board meetings can be found at this link on the Thursday prior to the board meeting. https://www.boarddocs.com/ks/usd469/Board.nsf/Public
Schools
The school district operates the following schools:
Lansing High School (9-12)
Lansing Middle School (6-8)
Lansing Intermediate School (4-5)
Lansing Elementary School (K-3)
See also
Kansas State Department of Education
Kansas State High School Activities Association
List of high schools in Kansas
List of unified school districts in Kansas
References
External links
School districts in Kansas
Education in Leavenworth County, Kansas
School districts established in 1989
1989 establishments in Kansas
The 1991 Spanish regional elections were held on Sunday, 26 May 1991, to elect the regional parliaments of thirteen of the seventeen autonomous communities—Aragon, Asturias, the Balearic Islands, the Canary Islands, Cantabria, Castile and León, Castilla–La Mancha, Extremadura, La Rioja, Madrid, Murcia, Navarre and the Valencian Community—, not including Andalusia, the Basque Country, Catalonia and Galicia, which had separate electoral cycles. 784 of 1,178 seats in the regional parliaments were up for election. The elections were held simultaneously with local elections all throughout Spain.
Election date
Determination of election day varied depending on the autonomous community, with each one having competency to establish its own regulations. Typically, thirteen out of the seventeen autonomous communities—all but Andalusia, the Basque Country, Catalonia and Galicia—had their elections fixed for the fourth Sunday of May every four years, to be held together with nationwide local elections.
Regional governments
The following table lists party control in autonomous communities. Gains for a party are highlighted in that party's colour.
Overall results
Summary by region
Aragon
Asturias
Balearics
Canary Islands
Cantabria
Castile and León
Castilla–La Mancha
Extremadura
La Rioja
Madrid
Murcia
Navarre
Valencian Community
References
External links
www.juntaelectoralcentral.es (in Spanish). Central Electoral Commission – Regional elections
www.argos.gva.es (in Spanish). Argos Information Portal – Electoral Historical Archive
www.historiaelectoral.com (in Spanish and Catalan). Electoral History – Regional elections since 1980
1991
Chris Knoche (; born December 29, 1957) is the former head basketball coach of the American University Eagles men's basketball program. Knoche is currently in his twelfth season as the color analyst for the Maryland Terrapins men's basketball broadcasts. Chris Knoche attended W.T. Woodson in Fairfax, Virginia. He started on the varsity basketball team in his junior and senior seasons. He played under Coach "Red" Jenkins.
Head coaching record
References
1957 births
Living people
American Eagles men's basketball coaches
American Eagles men's basketball players
American radio sports announcers
American television sports announcers
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Maryland Terrapins basketball
Radio personalities from Washington, D.C.
College basketball announcers in the United States
American men's basketball players
Wilbert Tucker Woodson High School alumni
Harvey Rexford Hitchcock Jr. (November 9, 1891 – January 22, 1958) was on the 1913 College Football All-America Team. From an influential missionary family in the Hawaiian Islands, he was admitted to McLean Hospital during World War I where he would spend the remainder of his life.
Life and career
Hitchcock was born November 9, 1891 on Molokai island in the Kingdom of Hawaii.
His father was Harvey Rexford Hitchcock Sr. (1864–1931). His paternal grandparents were Edward Griffin Hitchcock (1837–1898), son of Reverend Harvey Rexford Hitchcock (1800–1855), and Mary Tenney Castle (1838–1926), daughter of Castle & Cooke founder Samuel Northrup Castle (1808–1894). His mother was Hannah Julia Meyer (1866–1912) who was daughter of Rudolph Wilhelm Meyer and his wife, Kalama Waha, who was ethnically Native Hawaiian. Hitchcock's father's first cousin was painter David Howard Hitchcock (1861–1943).
He also had a great-uncle named Harvey Rexford Hitchcock Jr. who lived 1835–1891 and published a dictionary of the Hawaiian language while principal of Lahainaluna School, and whose account of the 1874 election of King Kalākaua and the ensuing Honolulu Courthouse riot has been published in the Hawaiian Journal of History.
Hitchcock graduated from Punahou School in 1910 winning the Roll of Honor award. He then attended Harvard University, as did his father. While at Harvard he was the vice-president of the Student Union.
He played as a tackle on the Harvard Crimson football team and was on the 1913 College Football All-America Team. He also played as pitcher on the baseball team. He graduated in 1914.
In September 1914, Hitchcock entered Harvard Law School. He volunteered to work for the Red Cross as an ambulance driver in World War I, but became ill waiting for a passport. He resigned from the law school and took a job with Firestone Tire and Rubber Company on April 19, 1915. He served in the National Guard in Ohio and Texas. In 1917 he attended the final illness of his brother. By March 1917 he returned to Firestone, but resigned in April to apply for an officer's commission, and was recalled into the National Guard. By August he became 2nd Lieutenant, and 1st Lieutenant October 23, 1917. On January 16, 1918 he was sent to France for artillery school. He served as an instructor and in combat that summer. In September, he was admitted to a field hospital, and sent back to Washington, DC. He was discharged in April 1919, and on January 1, 1920 admitted to McLean Hospital for the insane where he died on January 22, 1958. Hitchcock was then interred at Arlington National Cemetery.
References
External links
1891 births
1958 deaths
All-American college football players
American football tackles
Harvard Crimson football players
United States Army personnel of World War I
United States Army officers
Punahou School alumni
People from Molokai
Players of American football from Hawaii
American people of Native Hawaiian descent
American expatriates in France
McLean Hospital patients
Castle Peak Bay Immigration Centre (CIC, is an immigration detention centre located in Tuen Mun, Hong Kong. 7,942 persons were held at CIC in 2015 who were slated for expulsion from Hong Kong.
Notable events
In December 2019, an Indonesian migrant worker, author, and reporter Yuli Riswati, reported that she was strip-searched by a male doctor at CIC. She noted that "Many friends who are still detained there at CIC are suffering – the conditions are inhumane and unjust."
From 29 June 2020, a group of around 25 detainees reportedly went on hunger strike against what they saw as their indefinite detention, though authorities said that, while they were refusing official meals, tests including for glucose levels showed that they were in fact taking nutrition of some kind.
References
Tuen Mun District
Detention centers
Buildings and structures in Hong Kong
Zeytintaşı Cave () is a show cave in Antalya Province, southwestern Turkey. It is a registered natural monument of the country.
The cave is located at Akbaş village in Serik district of Antalya Province. It is at an elevation of above main sea level on the slope of a hill. Its distance to Serik town is and to Antalya city is . Tourist attraction Aspendos is far from the cave.
The cave is enclosed in impermeable limestone formation of Jurassic-Cretaceous period. It was formed on a distinct fault line in northwest-southeast direction. The cave has two interconnected levels with a depth of . The lower gallery is long and the upper gallery is long. It features still active stalactites, stalagmites and columns. as well as soda straws of thickness and length. There are pools between columns.
The cave was discovered by the Turkish Highway Administration during preliminary works for road construction in 1997. The upper gallery was opened to public visit as a show cave in 2002. The soda straws inside the cave make it a rare example. Zeytintaşı Cave with its surrounding area of was registered a natural monument on June 27, 2013.
References
Show caves in Turkey
Natural monuments of Turkey
Caves of Antalya Province
Protected areas established in 2013
2013 establishments in Turkey
Serik District
Tourist attractions in Antalya Province
The Detroit Committee to End the War in Vietnam was the citywide anti-war organization that mobilized numerous actions in Detroit, United States between 1965 and 1972(?) and helped bring thousands of people to mass protests in Washington, D.C. Often there was internal conflict over slogans and politics within the group between social democrats, members of Students for a Democratic Society, and the Socialist Workers Party, which finally gained ascendency.
The DCEWV was supplanted by the Detroit Coalition to End the War Now, which was a broader organization.
Much of the history is available through contemporary reports in the Fifth Estate newspaper available at different archives including the University of Michigan's Labadie collection.
See also
Winter Soldier Investigation
Anti–Vietnam War groups
History of Detroit
Organizations established in 1965
Organizations based in Detroit
"Lowlife" is a song by American singer Poppy (under her former stage name "That Poppy"), from her 2016 EP Bubblebath. It was released by Island Records on July 24, 2015, as the first single from the EP. The song's music video has since amassed over 62 million views on YouTube, becoming Poppy's first song to gain wide attention. It was later included on the 2016 compilation album Now 58 as a "NOW What's Next" track. A remix of the song by Travis Mills was released on October 16, 2015 and another by Slushii on April 29, 2016.
Music video
A music video for the song, directed by Poppy's former collaborator Titanic Sinclair was released on July 24, 2015. The video features cameos from Brandon Burtis, Matt Bennett, Jimmy Redhawk James and Rene Napoli. It has since amassed over 68 million views on YouTube. The video shows Poppy sitting in a chair in a Baphomet-like pose, while men in full-body outfits dance around her. Some men in business suits watch Poppy's every move as she gets up to dance. Poppy sits down at a table with The Devil, who sucks on a banana as a sexual symbol, annoying Poppy so much that she gets up and walks off-set. Poppy signs some fans' pictures of her, then walks back in and shoves aside the off-screen men in suits.
An acoustic performance of the song was uploaded to Poppy's YouTube channel on September 18, 2015. The video features Poppy singing in front of the men in full-body suits.
Live performances
This song was performed by Poppy at a few live shows in 2016, once on the Poppy.Computer Tour in 2018, and regularly on the Am I a Girl? Tour in 2018.
Track listing
Release history
References
2015 singles
2015 songs
Island Records singles
Poppy (entertainer) songs
Songs written by Simon Wilcox
Songs written by Sir Nolan
Songs about loneliness
The MIA e Train is one of three automated people mover systems operating at Miami International Airport (along with the Skytrain and the MIA Mover). The MIA e Train connects the satellite building of Concourse E (which contains gates E20-E33) with the rest of Concourse E (Gates E2-E11) which is connected to the main terminal. The system opened in 2016 replacing an earlier system and was built at a cost of $87 million.
Operation
The MIA e Train consists of two three-car cable-driven MiniMetro trains developed by Leitner-Poma (unlike the Skytrain and MIA Mover which use Mitsubishi Crystal Mover vehicles). The two trains run on parallel independent guideways and shuttle back and forth between the two stations.
History
The MIA e Train opened in 2016 and replaced an earlier system that was built in 1980. The original system, which did not have an official name, was built by the Westinghouse Electric Corporation, whose transportation division is now owned by Bombardier Transportation. It was Westinghouse's second airport people mover system in Florida, after the Tampa International Airport People Movers. It operated in a similar fashion to the current system and used six Westinghouse C-100 vehicles in two three-car trains, which were also the same vehicles that originally operated on Downtown Miami's Metromover, which opened in 1986.
By the mid 2000s, the system was showing its age. On November 28, 2008, the train on the south guideway failed to stop at the main station and crashed into the wall at the end of the line, injuring seven people. After the crash, the system continued to operate with only the train on the north guideway with the south guideway taken out of service. When the system was replaced with the MIA e Train, the out-of-service south guideway was converted first with the north train and guideway being converted and replaced once the south train was operational.
See also
List of airport people mover systems
References
Transportation in Miami
Airport people mover systems in the United States
Railway lines opened in 2016
Miami International Airport
2010 establishments in Florida
Eidolon Publications was a small press publisher based in North Perth, Western Australia. The company previously published the speculative fiction magazine Eidolon which ran from 1990 to 2000 and published books under the name of Eidolon Books.
History
Eidolon Publications begun in 1990 and started publishing the Eidolon magazine. In 1992 the company expanded into non-magazine publishing, releasing Terry Dowling's "The Mars You Have in Me" as a chapbook. In 1996 Eidolon begun a book-line with Robin Pen's The Secret Life of Rubber-Suit Monsters. They then signed with HarperCollins to edit The Year's best Australian Science Fiction and Fantasy anthology series which began in 1997. In 2000 Eidolon put their magazine on hiatus but continued to accept submissions. In 2002 an editorial committee attempted to restart the magazine but it proved unsuccessful. The company published Terry Dowling's Blackwater Days which won the 2001 Ditmar Award for best collected work and the story within the book "The Saltimbanques" won the best short fiction award.
Eidolon magazine
Eidolon: The Journal of Australian Science Fiction and Fantasy was first released in Autumn 1990 and was released quarterly until 1996. It was reduced to two issues a year until 1998 when it was reduced to one issue a year. The magazine was put on hiatus in 2000. In total it ran for 26 issues finishing on issue #29/30. In 1992, it won the Ditmar Award for best fanzine, and in 1993 it won the Ditmar Award for best periodical. It won the Ditmar Award for best publication/fanzine/periodical in 1996, and in 1998 it won the best fanzine award again. The magazine has featured short stories which have been short-listed and won literary awards. Three authors won the Aurealis Award for their story, Karen Attard's "Harvest Bay" won 1995 Aurealis Award for best fantasy short story, Sean Williams' "Passing the Bone" won 1996 Aurealis Award for best horror short story, Damien Broderick's "Infinite Monkey" won the 2000 Aurealis Award for best science fiction short story and Stephen Dedman's "The Devotee" won the 2001 Ditmar Ward for best short fiction and other various authors have been finalists for both the Ditmar Award and the Aurealis Award. Artwork featured on the magazine by Shaun Tan has also won awards; in 1995 he won the Ditmar Award for best professional Artwork and the 1996 Ditmar Award for best Artwork on the cover of the issue #19.
Eidolon Books
Eidolon Books is the book publishing arm of Eidolon Publications. In 2006 they released the anthology Eidolon I. It was nominated for best collected work at the 2007 Ditmar Awards. It also featured six stories that were nominated for various Aurealis Awards, with Margo Lanagan's "A Fine Magic" winning the award for best fantasy short story and other stories also were nominees for other awards.
References
External links
Official site
Eidolon Books
Australian speculative fiction publishers
Companies based in Perth, Western Australia
Publishing companies established in 1990
Science fiction publishers
Chandika Devi Temple is a Hindu temple in Juchandra village, near Vasai and Naigaon, situated on a hill 400 feet above sea level. It is dedicated to the mother goddess Chandika.
History
According to local beliefs, this temple dates back to the Pandavas period. But there is no document to support the claim. There are stone idols of Chandika, Kalika, Mahishasuramardini and Ganesha in this ancient temple which is situated in a huge rock cave. According to local churches, in 2018, there was no footpath to reach the mountain 60 or 70 years ago.
The temple was renovated in 2002 while constructing a five-story building for the convenience of the devotees. A lift facility has been provided for senior citizens and physically disabled people. The mother goddess Chandika is Kuladevi of Junchandra village. It is also said that stones were taken from here to build the Vasai Fort.
Festival
Chandika Devi Temple also conducts various social and cultural activities every year. Navaratri, which falls in the month of Ashvin and Chaitra as per Hindu calendar every year, is celebrated with great enthusiasm and devotion. In the month of Chaitra, a large Yatra takes place.
In 2020, a 115-year-old drama tradition of the temple was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic and restrictions imposed by the government. Dutt Prasadik Bavanchal Natya Mandal has been performing various plays for the last 115 years. In 2021, Chandika Mata Yatra was canceled due to the second wave of COVID-19.
Accessibility
There are steps to reach the hill from the west of the temple and it takes about two hundred steps to climb. There is a road directly to the temple on one side of the hill to go up by car or your private vehicle. To reach the temple, one can either reach from Vasai Road railway station or get off at Juchandra railway station on the Thane Vasai-Diva route and can reach the hill by walking for a few minutes. One can reach Chandika Devi Temple in Juchandra village by getting off the Naigaon railway station on Mumbai's Western side of the railway line and taking a rickshaw after reaching Vasai.
References
Hindu temples in Maharashtra
Buildings and structures in Maharashtra
Vousden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Karen Vousden (born 1957), British medical researcher
Val Vousden (1885–1956), Irish actor, poet, and playwright
William Vousden (1848–1902), Scottish Victoria Cross recipient and British Indian Army general
Suburban Lawns is the sole studio album by American band Suburban Lawns, released in 1981 by I.R.S. Records.
Reception
AllMusic called it "an off-kilter triumph", with the album also receiving favorable reviews from The Big Takeover and Louder Than War. Conversely, Trouser Press called it "highly ordinary" and "a sub-Devo mesh of hiccupping vocals, angular tunes with tiresome stop-start rhythms and a high, weedy guitar/organ sound".
Track listing
References
External links
1981 debut albums
Suburban Lawns albums
Windsor Football Club is an English football club formed in 2011 after Windsor & Eton folded. The club is current members of the and play at the former Windsor & Eton's Stag Meadow ground. The club is affiliated to the Berks & Bucks Football Association.
History
The new club was founded in 2011 and placed into the Combined Counties Football League Premier Division. In their first season Windsor FC finished as runners-up, only one point behind champions Guildford City, and reached the Berks & Bucks Senior Trophy semi-final losing on penalties to Abingdon Town.
The following season chairman Kevin Stott made the decision to remove the playing budget for the foreseeable future, stating "the club had already lost its way". The decision was made after Stott attended the 2012 London Olympic Games and was humbled by the determination and passion of the Olympians. Stott decided that the focus had to be shifted from paying players to win games at grass-roots level to inspiring youth to be determined to win through passion and loyalty. With the budget removed the manager Keith Scott, his assistant Jim Melvin and the playing squad were offered the chance to stay and play under the new terms or move on. The management and the majority of the squad moved on, their last game together being the First Qualifying Round for the FA Cup against Didcot Town, after the club had made its debut in the competition starting in the Extra Preliminary Qualification Round. Mick Woodham stepped into the management void and began to build a squad. After steadying the ship Woodham's young squad finished 8th in the table. The following season Woodham's boys finished in the top six and won Windsor F.C.'s first ever trophy, beating Reading Town 3–0 at Chesham United to lift the Berks & Bucks Senior Trophy. In season 2014–15 Woodham led his developing team to a second Berks & Bucks Trophy final victory, this time beating Flackwell Heath 3–2 After Extra Time in a pulsating game at Burnham F.C. Windsor F.C. finished the season in 5th place in the CCL Premier Division. Season 2015–16 was seen as a transition season with many of Woodham's original team moving to Step 4 clubs, eventually finishing 12th in the league. Season 2016-17 Windsor F.C. managed to one better their previous seasons league finish, finishing 11th despite many squad changes throughout the season. For the 2017–18 season Windsor F.C. were moved to the Hellenic League Premier Division. At the end of the 2020–21 season the club were transferred back to the Premier Division North of the Combined Counties League.
Ground
Windsor's home ground is Stag Meadow, St Leonards Road, Windsor, Berkshire, SL4 3DR.
The football ground was placed there in 1911 following an order from the Monarchy that an area of The Great Park should have an area for football. The ground was leased to Windsor & Eton until their demise on 2 February 2011. Stag Meadow is a traditional non-League football ground with terraces all around the pitch and a small stand on one side. There is capacity for 4,500 inside the ground with 450 of these seated and 650 covered. There is also an officials' bar and a supporters' bar as well as a tea hut and club shop. The pitch is tended to by head groundsman Lewis Clements & George Gould whose company is in charge of the maintenance.
Honours
Combined Counties Premier Division
Runners-up (1): 2011–2012
Berks & Bucks Senior Trophy
Winners 2013/14 & 2014/15
Current squad
Records
Highest attendance – 806, 27 December 2011, vs Egham Town
All-time top goal scorer – Robert Lazarczuk (88)
Most goals in a season – Ryan O'Toole (43), 2011–2012
Most appearances – Robert Lazarczuk (200)
Most clean sheets in a season – Rob Bullivant (12), 2011–2012
Biggest victory – 11–0 vs Banstead Athletic, 1 October 2011
Biggest defeat – 2–8 vs Egham Town, 10 September 2012
Highest finish – Runners-up, Combined Counties Premier Division 2011–2012
Best FA Vase place – Quarter Finals 2017–2018
Best FA Cup place – First Qualifying Round 2012–2013
Mascot
Windsor FC's mascot is Scotty the Stag and he has helped raise money for charity and visited children at Wexham Park Hospital. Scotty has also taken part in a number of mascot races, the first at Windsor Race Course when he managed 3rd place, and the second at the Annual Mascot Grand National at Huntingdon Race Course when he finished 6th. In 2012 he finished second out of 47 runners at the Mascot Grand National at Kempton Park Racecourse. Scotty has also completed the Windsor Half Marathon, walked 26 miles from Windsor Castle to White City (following the Olympic Marathon route of 1908) and has also climbed Mount Snowden – all in aid of the Thames Hospicecare. It is estimated Scotty has raised well in excess of £10k for charities. Season 2015–16 has seen Scotty laid low with a severe back injury.
Youth teams
Windsor FC has 28 youth teams in place with over 300 players from the under-7s up to the under-16s. Windsor FC Youth compete locally in the cup competitions and leagues of their age groups.
Several players have joined professional club academies, with Max Kinseler and Calvin Morgan joining the Berks & Bucks U-16s as well as Adam Richards and Brandon Blair taking places at the John Madejski Academy. The club has also signed a formal link with Reading with many of the youth team players representing both Windsor FC and Reading FC at their age group. Jack Stacey also played for the club at the beginning of his career before joining the Reading academy.
Governance
The financial basis of the club will be as a social enterprise.
References
External links
Official site
Official Supporters Club
Fan-owned football clubs in England
Association football clubs established in 2011
Combined Counties Football League
2011 establishments in England
Football clubs in Berkshire
Windsor, Berkshire
Phoenix clubs (association football)
Football clubs in England
Hellenic Football League
James Edward Campbell (born 1 April 1988 in Cheltenham, England) is a Great British and Scottish track and field athlete.
Campbell set the Scottish record in the javelin throw in 2006, throwing for a distance of at the World Junior Championships in Beijing, ranking him 8th (junior) in the world.
In 2009 Campbell improved his lifetime best to 76.71 to set his 3rd National record of his career.
At the Commonwealth Games trials, just weeks after he became UK Champion in 2010, Campbell became only the 10th Briton and 3rd British Under 23 to ever throw over 80m recording a new Scottish National Record and a lifetime best of 80.38.
Campbell also won a gold medal in the 2004 Commonwealth Youth Games, and he was recognized as Scotland's Athlete of the Games.
References
Further reading
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cheltenham
Scottish male javelin throwers
British male javelin throwers
Commonwealth Games competitors for Scotland
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
British Athletics Championships winners
Avatar Tor.Morsri (; born September 27, 1993), is a Thai Muay Thai fighter.
Titles and accomplishments
Topking World Series
2018 Topking Thailand Series -70 kg Champion
World Professional Muaythai Federation
2017 WPMF World Middleweight -160 lbs Champion
2017 WPMF World Super Middleweight -168 lbs Champion
Muay Thai record
|- style="background:#cfc"
| 2022-09-17 || Win||align=left| Kaennorasingh D.N.A. Thailand || Road to ONE: Thailand 3, Lumpinee Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Punches) || 2 ||1:21
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc"
| 2022-08-13 || Win||align=left| Wanchalerm Pakyok P.K. || Road to ONE: Thailand 2, Lumpinee Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 ||3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb"
| 2022-05-28 || Loss||align=left| Youssef Boughanem || Fairtex Fight, Lumpinee Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2022-04-16 || Win ||align=left| Reza Ahmadnezad || Fighter X || Hua Hin, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-11-08 || Win ||align=left| Victor Almeida || Muay Thai Super Champ || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-10-04 || Win ||align=left| Gligor Stojanov|| Muay Thai Super Champ || Bangkok, Thailand || TKO (Uppercuts)|| 3 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-09-06 || Win ||align=left| Attin Gaur || Muay Thai Super Champ || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2020-03-22|| Loss ||align=left| Hiromi Wajima || K-1: K'Festa 3, -70 kg Championship Tournament Quarter Finals || Saitama, Japan || KO (Low Kick) ||3 || 0:40
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2020-03-14 || Loss||align=left| Vong Vichhai || Sea TV Kun Khmer || Cambodia || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-02-16 || Win ||align=left| Roeung Sophorn || Kun Khmer || Cambodia || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2020-02-01 || Loss||align=left| Lao Chetra || CNC Kun Khmer || Cambodia || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-10-27|| Loss||align=left| Chadd Collins || MX MUAY XTREME || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-09-22 || Win ||align=left| Reza Armadnezad || MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-09-01 || Win||align=left| Thoeun Theara || Bayon TV || Cambodia || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-08-04 || Win ||align=left| Lorenzo || MX Muay Xtreme|| Bangkok, Thailand || TKO (Elbow)|| 1 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-07-27 || Win ||align=left| Thoeun Theara || TV5 Kun Khmer || Cambodia || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-06-23 || Win ||align=left| Piotr Lagozki || MX Muay Xtreme|| Bangkok, Thailand || TKO (Middle kicks)|| 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-06-09 || Win ||align=left| Roeung Sophorn || SeaTV || Cambodia || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-03-30 || Loss ||align=left| Rafi Bohic || Muaythai Singpatong || Phuket, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 2019-03-17 || Loss || align=left| Pongsiri P.K.Saenchaimuaythaigym || Chang MuayThai Kiatpetch, OrTorGor.3 Stadium || Nonthaburi Province, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-02-23 || Win ||align=left| Diego Beneduzzi || Top King World Series 28|| Surat Thani, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-12-31 || Win ||align=left| Simanut Sor.Sarinya || Top King World Series 27, Final|| Pattaya, Thailand || TKO (Left Elbow)|| 2 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-12-31 || Win ||align=left| Saifahlab Sitkruthai || Top King World Series 27, Semi Final|| Pattaya, Thailand || KO (Left Elbow)|| 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-11-25 || Win ||align=left| Brahim Machkour || Top King World Series 25 || Thailand || KO (Knee to the body)|| 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-10-28 || Win ||align=left| Curtis Allen || Top King World Series 24 || Thailand || TKO|| 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-09-30 || Win ||align=left| Fabio Ferrari || Top King World Series 22 || Samui, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-09-07 || Win ||align=left| Reza Ahmadnezhad || MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-08-08 || Loss||align=left| Talaytong Sor.Thanaphet || || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 2018-07-15 || Loss || align=left| Pongsiri P.K.Saenchaimuaythaigym || MuayThaiJedsee, Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-06-16 || Win ||align=left| Petchsanguan Sor.Chanasit || Top King World Series 21, Final || Surat Thani, Thailand || KO (Punches)|| 2 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-06-16 || Win ||align=left| Aroondej Phran26 || Top King World Series 21, Semi Final || Surat Thani, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-05-18 || Win ||align=left| Magnus Andersson || MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 2018-05-03 || Loss ||align=left| Yohan Lidon ||MFC 7 || France || KO (Right High Kick) || 3 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-02-16 || Win ||align=left| Bruno Miranda || MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-01-01 || Win ||align=left| Fahsura Wor.Phetpool || || Thailand || KO || 4 ||
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-12-10 || Loss||align=left| Suayngam Pumpanmuang || || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-11-17 || Win ||align=left| Mansurbek Toribov|| MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-09-01 || Win ||align=left| Jenson Constantine || MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || TKO || 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-07-28 || Win ||align=left| Ruslan Ataev || WPMF at Nang Loeng Horse Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-06-09 || Win ||align=left| Vanderlei Santos || MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-05-12 || Win ||align=left| Gregory Sanzo || MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Elbows)|| 2 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-04-07 || Win ||align=left| Kadir Tastan|| MX Muay Xtreme || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-03-16 || Win ||align=left| Tobias Alexandersson || Nai Khanom Tom|| Ayuthaya, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016- || Win||align=left| || MAX Muay Thai || Pattaya, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-10-07 || Win||align=left| Wanchalerm Thanasuranakorn || MAX Muay Thai || Pattaya, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-10-26 || Loss||align=left| Talaytong Sor.Thanaphet || || Chiang Mai, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015- || Loss||align=left| Suayngam Pumpanmuang || || Mahasarakham, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-|| Loss ||align=left| Nuttadaj Phran26 || || Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-|| Win||align=left| Yassine Boughanem || || Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2014-11-01 || No Contest||align=left| Teedet Sitjakun|| Omnoi Stadium - Isuzu Cup|| Samut Sakhon, Thailand || Referee stoppage || 4 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2014-09-13|| Loss ||align=left| Armin Pumpanmuang || Omnoi Stadium || Samut Sakhon, Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
Lethwei record
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2019-12-13 || Draw || align="left" | Thway Thit Win Hlaing || Lethwei Challenge Fight Mandalay || Mandalay, Myanmar || Draw || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2019-01-31 || Draw || align="left" | Soe Lin Oo || Win Sein Taw Ya 2019 || Mudon Township, Myanmar || Draw || 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
References
Avatar Tor.Morsri
Avatar Tor.Morsri
Middleweight kickboxers
Welterweight kickboxers
Living people
1993 births
WCVP (600 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Murphy, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Cherokee Broadcasting Company and features programming from AP Radio and Jones Radio Network.
The station is an affiliate of the Atlanta Braves radio network, the largest radio affiliate network in Major League Baseball. WCVP is also an affiliate of the Motor Racing Network and the Performance Racing Network, airing NASCAR racing.
References
External links
CVP
Water polo will be contested at the 2011 Summer Universiade from August 11 to August 23 at the Bao'an Natatorium in Shenzhen, China.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
Men
The men's tournament will be held from August 11 to August 23. A maximum of sixteen teams will compete.
Teams
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
Women
The women's tournament will be held from August 12 to August 22. A maximum of ten teams will compete.
Teams
Pool A
Pool B
References
2011 Summer Universiade events
2011
2011
King of Pro-Wrestling (2017) was a professional wrestling event promoted by New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), which took place on October 9, 2017, in Tokyo at Ryōgoku Kokugikan. It was NJPW's biggest show between August's G1 Climax and January's Wrestle Kingdom 12 in Tokyo Dome. The top two matches featured Kazuchika Okada defending the IWGP Heavyweight Championship against Evil and Tetsuya Naito defending his status as the number one contender to the IWGP Heavyweight Championship at Wrestle Kingdom 12 against Tomohiro Ishii. This was the sixth event under the King of Pro-Wrestling branding.
Production
Storylines
King of Pro-Wrestling featured nine professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.
King of Pro-Wrestling was main evented by Kazuchika Okada defending the IWGP Heavyweight Championship against Evil. In July, Okada, having at that point held the IWGP Heavyweight Championship for over a year, entered the 2017 G1 Climax with the goal of winning the tournament as the reigning heavyweight champion, arrogantly asking for anyone to stop him. On August 5, Okada suffered his first singles match loss in almost a year, when Evil scored an upset win over him. Okada then went on to wrestle Minoru Suzuki to a draw, before losing another match to Kenny Omega, thus failing to advance to the finals of the tournament. With Evil also failing to reach the finals, he established himself as the next challenger for Okada's title by attacking him after a match on August 13. Eight days later, NJPW officially announced the match between Okada and Evil for King of Pro-Wrestling. The match would mark Evil's first-ever shot at the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. The match would mark the eighth title defense for Okada, whose reign had started on June 19, 2016. With a successful title defense, Okada stood to break Shinya Hashimoto's 489-day record for the longest reign as IWGP Heavyweight Champion on October 22.
On August 13, Tetsuya Naito defeated Kenny Omega in the finals to win the 2017 G1 Climax. Following the win, Naito gained possession of the Tokyo Dome IWGP Heavyweight Championship challenge rights certificate, granting him an IWGP Heavyweight Championship match at NJPW's biggest event of the year, Wrestle Kingdom 12 in Tokyo Dome on January 4, 2018. Upon receiving the certificate, Naito nominated Tomohiro Ishii as his first challenger for it due to Ishii defeating him not only during the 2017 G1 Climax, but also during the IWGP United States Heavyweight Championship tournament in July. The match was officially announced for King of Pro-Wrestling on August 21.
The rest of the matches for the show were announced on September 25, the day after Destruction in Kobe. Added were title matches for both of NJPW's junior heavyweight titles. In the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship match, Kushida would defend the title against Will Ospreay. After successfully defending the title against El Desperado on September 16 at Destruction in Hiroshima, Kushida was approached by Ospreay, who stated that he was being defined as the man who could not beat Kushida and wanting to change that perception, challenged him to a title match. This was followed by Hiromu Takahashi entering the ring, but before he could make his own challenge, he was knocked out by Ospreay. Ospreay had been defeated by Kushida in all four of their previous matches against each other, including the finals of the 2017 Best of the Super Juniors and What Culture Pro Wrestling's 2017 Pro Wrestling World Cup tournaments, as well as two IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship matches, which took place on April 10, 2016, at Invasion Attack 2016 and June 19, 2016, at Dominion 6.19 in Osaka-jo Hall. In the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship match, Funky Future (Ricochet and Ryusuke Taguchi) were set to defend the title against the mystery team known only as "Roppongi 3K". After dissolving his Roppongi Vice tag team with Beretta on September 16, Rocky Romero approached Ricochet and Taguchi after they had successfully defended the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship against Taichi and Yoshinobu Kanemaru and announced he was bringing in a new team to challenge them for the title. Heading into the title match, the identities of Roppongi 3K were kept secret.
The IWGP Tag Team Championship was to be defended in a three-way tornado elimination match, where the defending champions Killer Elite Squad (Davey Boy Smith Jr. and Lance Archer) would face the Guerrillas of Destiny (Tama Tonga and Tanga Loa) and War Machine (Hanson and Raymond Rowe). The three teams faced off in three separate three-way title matches during the previous Destruction tour; the first two matches were won by the defending champions War Machine, while the third match was won by the Killer Elite Squad, who captured the IWGP Tag Team Championship for the first time in three years and eight months. Following the conclusion of the third match, both Guerrillas of Destiny and War Machine challenged Killer Elite Squad to another three-way match, which would this time be contested under elimination rules.
Results
References
External links
King of Pro-Wrestling at NJPW.co.jp
2017
2017 in professional wrestling
October 2017 events in Japan
2017 in Tokyo
Gehrweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The National Council for Science and Technology Communication (NCSTC) is a scientific programme of the Government of India for the popularisation of science, dissemination of scientific knowledge and inculcation of scientific temper. Established under the Department of Science and Technology, it "is mandated to communicate Science and Technology to masses, stimulate scientific and technological temper and coordinate and orchestrate such efforts throughout the country." Following the science communication plan introduced in the Sixth Five-Year Plan of India, NCSTC was established in 1982.
Objectives
NCSTC has three major objectives:
For developing a building capacity for informed decision and promote scientific thinking to the Indian communities.
For the development of society using scientific knowledge and organise programmes using different media to reach every citizen.
To conduct outreach activities, including training in science and technology communication, awareness programmes, dissemination of scientific knowledge, award incentives, promote scientific research, develop international co-operation, while providing special attention to women.
History
The Government of India in its Sixth Five-Year Plan in 1980 introduced an elaborate scheme for the promotion of science and technology. It constituted a Cabinet Committee on Science and Technology (CCST) on 3 March 1981. Chaired by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, the committee created Science Advisory Committee to the Cabinet (SACC). Following the proposals by SACC, three scientific bodies were established in 1982:
National Biotechnology Board (NBTB) for the development applications of biotechnology such as agriculture, medicine and industry.
National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEDB) to promote employment among people in science and technology.
National Council for Science and Technology Communication (NCSTC) for popularisation and development of scientific temper among the people.
The council officially started functioning in 1984. As its first major activity, NCSTC organised the first national science festival of India named Bharat Jan Vigyan Jatha (Life of Science in India) in 1987.
Activities
The major activities of NCSTC are organising:
Bharat Jan Vigyan Jatha, held in 1987 and 1992 in which science educators visit in villages to spread scientific awareness. It is considered as "the biggest science communication experiment anywhere in the world."
National Children's Science Congress, an annual conference started in 1993 to develop and promote scientific knowledge among children of 10-17 years of age.
National Science Day, held every year on 28 February, a nation-wide observation of the day of discovery of the Raman effect in 1928.
National Teachers' Science Congress (NTSC), a biennial conference for science teachers and scientists, started in 2003.
Awards
The council gives the following awards to science students, teachers and populisers on National Science Day:
National Award for Outstanding Effort in Science and Technology Communication through Innovative and Traditional Methods, which carries INR 200,000.
National Award for Outstanding Effort in Science and Technology Communication through Print Media including Books and Magazines, which carries INR 100,000.
National Award for Outstanding Effort in Science and Technology Popularization among Children, which carries INR 100,000.
National Award for Outstanding Effort in Translation of Popular Science and Technology Literature, which carries INR 100,000.
National Award for Outstanding Effort in Science and Technology Communication in the Print Medium, which carries INR 100,000.
National Award for Outstanding Effort in Science and Technology Communication in the Electronic Medium, which carries INR 100,000.
References
1982 establishments in India
Science communication
Science and technology in India
Ministry of Science and Technology (India)
August de la Motte (17 November 1713 – 29 August 1788) was a Hanoverian general who notably served in the Great Siege of Gibraltar.
De la Motte was born on 17 November 1713 in the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. He served in the Hanoverian Army during the Seven Years' War, notably participating in the Second Siege of Cassel. In 1775 the Duke and Prince-elector of Hanover was George III, who also ruled the Kingdom of Great Britain in personal union. King George had to deal with the American Revolution and the outbreaking American Revolutionary War and prepared to ready Hanoverian troops for garrison duty so that British troops would be freed for service in America.
On 16 October de la Motte, by now a colonel, was given command of a Hanoverian brigade of three battalions, totalling 15 companies of infantry and three companies of Grenadiers; and sent to Gibraltar for garrison duty. In the next year he was promoted to major general. During the Great Siege of Gibraltar, de la Motte served as third-in-command of the British garrison. They held out for three years and seven months before the siege was finally lifted. De la Motte, who had been promoted to lieutenant general in 1781 while still being besieged, was highly praised by his commanding officer afterwards. To commemorate their bravery Motte's troops were awarded the battle honour "Gibraltar", a cuffband which its successor formations in the Imperial German Army would eventually wear while fighting against British troops wearing the same cuffband during World War I.
Returning home from Gibraltar to Hanover in 1784 the exhausted de la Motte retired, dying four years later on 29 August 1788.
External links
Painting of Major General August de la Motte, after 1787. Harvard Art Museum
Hanoverians at the Siege - Gibraltar 1779-83
German generals
People from Wolfenbüttel (district)
Huguenot participants in the American Revolution
18th-century German military personnel
Hanoverian military personnel of the American Revolutionary War
Military history of Gibraltar
1713 births
1788 deaths
there were 7,255 subdistricts (tambons) in Thailand. An alphabetical list of them follows:
List of tambon in Thailand (A)
List of tambon in Thailand (B)
List of tambon in Thailand (C)
List of tambon in Thailand (D)
List of tambon in Thailand (E–F)
List of tambon in Thailand (H–I)
List of tambon in Thailand (K)
List of tambon in Thailand (L)
List of tambon in Thailand (M)
List of tambon in Thailand (N–O)
List of tambon in Thailand (P)
List of tambon in Thailand (R)
List of tambon in Thailand (S)
List of tambon in Thailand (T)
List of tambon in Thailand (U–V)
List of tambon in Thailand (W)
List of tambon in Thailand (Y)
References
Tambon
List of
Carol Ann Cole (previously nicknamed as "Bossier Doe" or "Bossier's Doe" and officially known as Cold Case No. 81-018329) was a 17-year-old American homicide victim whose body was discovered in early 1981 in Bellevue, Bossier Parish, Louisiana. The victim remained unidentified until 2015, when DNA tests confirmed her identity. Cole, native to Kalamazoo, Michigan, had been missing from San Antonio, Texas since 1980. Cole's killing remains unsolved, although the investigation is continuing.
Circumstances
Carol Cole and her sister Linda "Jeanie" Phelps lived in Kalamazoo, Michigan, primarily under the care of their grandmother after their mother and father divorced. Later in life, Cole decided to leave Kalamazoo to accompany her mother, Sue, to San Antonio, Texas in 1979 at age 15 but remained in contact with her sister by telephone. Cole was at a girl's home run by the Palmer Drug Abuse Program, also called PDAP, on West 23rd St. in Austin, Texas, from May to October 1980.
She continued to call and mail letters to her family, which eventually ceased in late December 1980. A location that Cole had stayed after leaving PDAP was traced by her grandmother in Kalamazoo to a home in Shreveport, Louisiana. Her grandmother called the residence where she was informed that Cole had departed to attend a party but she had never returned. Linda Phelps and her friend Patty Thorington continued to search for her, but were unsuccessful. Cole had been previously excluded as a possible identity of the victim by a medical examiner for unknown reasons.
Some sources state that Cole may have spent time at a religious institution known as the New Bethany School for Girls, which was located in Arcadia, Louisiana. Her sister noted that an image taken around the time of Cole's disappearance at the school depicted a group of girls sitting in pews, one of whom bore a strong resemblance to her sister.
Investigators have followed such leads. A woman claimed to have spent time with a girl that bore likeness to Cole but was unable to recall her name. Some also believe that the explanation for the names written on the victim's shoes as well as the style of clothing may have been due to a dress code set in place by the New Bethany School for Girls.
Discovery
On January 28, 1981, a female victim's body, believed to be between the ages of 15 and 21, was found concealed by trees in Bellevue, Bossier Parish, Louisiana. The victim wore jeans, a white, long-sleeved shirt with pink, yellow, and blue stripes, a beige sweater with a hood, shoes with the names "Michael Brisco", "David", "Resha", and "D. Davies", white socks with blue and yellow streaks, white boxer briefs, a white bra and a leather belt with a buckle reading "Buffalo Nickel", with a buffalo design. None of the names on the clothing amounted to meaningful leads, although they were speculated to have belonged to companions of the Jane Doe. The victim had also painted her fingernails prior to her death. The shoes were later determined to have been size seven. A knife found in the soil near her remains is thought to have been the murder weapon, as the victim had been stabbed nine times. Most of the evidence recovered from the scene was destroyed due to a fire in 2005 at the facility in which they were stored.
Examination and investigation
The victim was believed to have been white, with possible Native American ancestry, and was murdered by sharp force trauma approximately four to seven weeks before her body was discovered. The remains were in an unrecognizable state of decomposition. She was around to tall and weighed between , placing her at an average build. The victim's hair color was determined to have been "blonde, straight and shoulder-length" and her eye color was unknown due to the state of her body.
The victim had orthodontics at one time when alive, and may have removed the brackets from her teeth herself or by someone not affiliated with an orthodontic company. It was later confirmed that Cole had broken the braces from her teeth by herself before her disappearance. Investigators had difficulties with establishing the identity of the victim, as there were no means of identification present at the scene and there were no known witnesses.
Convicted killer Henry Lee Lucas confessed to the killing. This was later proven to be impossible, as Lucas was confirmed to be in Florida when Cole was killed, and has had a since established pattern of false confession. Because of the decomposition of the body, the victim was reconstructed, at first with a three-dimensional clay model, and later with a digital method by the Louisiana State University FACES Lab. Once technologically possible, DNA was eventually extracted from the victim's teeth, which would be used to compare against missing persons.
Identification and later developments
Cole's sister, Jeanie Phelps, filed a missing person's report for Carol, although she suspected foul play, after she was unable to locate her and the report was also entered in the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System, abbreviated as NAMUS. She and Cole's childhood friend had also used Facebook as well as Craigslist to garner awareness and information for the case. The grandmother who was determined to find Cole had since died, but Phelps maintained a strong interest in finding her sister.
Meanwhile, on February 6, 2015, the local sheriff department in Bossier Parish started a Facebook page in effort to identify the young woman, who had come to be known as "Bossier Doe". Within days after the creation of the Facebook profile, over five hundred individuals had "friended" the "Bossier Doe" account. The number increased to well over one thousand after less than a week.
On February 6, a 911 operator named Linda Erickson saw the Facebook page with Bossier Doe's image, then notified detectives when she came across a Craigslist ad with a photo of Carol Ann. It was a Craigslist ad that Patty Thorington, a friend of Carol's sister, had placed in an effort to find any information on the missing girl's whereabouts. By February 13, Thorington said, someone at the Sheriff's Office emailed her regarding their Bossier Doe case.
DNA tests were then conducted after officers turned to Cole's family, using the victim's profile against those of her parents. After tests were completed, it was announced that Cole and "Bossier Doe" were indeed the same person. After this announcement, a GoFundMe account was created for the expenses of a new burial and headstone for the victim, as the family was struggling to pay the means to transport Cole's body and for a headstone. Cole was later buried in the Maple Grove Cemetery in Comstock Township, Michigan on June 18, 2015 after a funeral service.
Since Cole's identification, investigation is now aimed at locating the person responsible for her death. Frances Aucoin, whose father, John Chesson, discovered Cole's remains along with her brother, told officers that she suspects he is responsible. Police confirm that Chesson is considered a person of interest in the case, especially because of his conviction for the murder of his estranged wife's mother, but he has yet to be considered the prime suspect. Aucoin believes that Chesson had decided to go hunting for the first time with his children to establish his innocence by finding the victim's body and reporting it to the police. She went into further detail, describing her father as abusive and that she believes that a young woman he had brought into their home was Cole whom he had picked up as a hitchhiker. Aucoin's brother, a witness in finding the body, committed suicide in 2008. Chesson is currently incarcerated for life for the murder of his estranged wife's mother, which occurred in 1997.
See also
List of solved missing person cases
List of unsolved deaths
Murder of Tammy Alexander, in which the victim remained unidentified for 35 years.
Murder of Michelle Garvey, in which the victim remained unidentified for 32 years.
Murder of David Stack, in which the victim remained unidentified for 39 years.
Murder of Elizabeth Roberts, in which the victim remained unidentified for 43 years.
References
External links
1980 in Louisiana
1980 murders in the United States
Deaths by person in the United States
Deaths by stabbing in the United States
December 1980 events in the United States
False confessions
Female murder victims
Formerly missing people
Incidents of violence against women
Missing person cases in Texas
Unsolved murders in the United States
Violence against women in the United States
History of women in Texas
Finkenkrug is a district of Falkensee, a town west of Berlin. It has been named after Alten Finkenkrug, a tar furnace in the "Bredower Forst".
History
When the railway Berlin-Hamburg was opened on December 12, 1846, the area of Finkenkrug was a deserted landscape with rich arable fields interspersed with forest. Toward Dyrotz and the Königsgraben (kings ditch, also Russians ditch) the landscape transferred into an alder bush landscape with agricultural cultivated fields that belonged to the manor Seegefeld. Unpaved roads were in the north the "Nauener Straße" from Falkenhagen and the "Finkenkruger Straße" from Seegefeld, that in a westbound curve of the current "Hohlbeinstr." ended in the "Rohrbecker Weg". Toward the west in old maps of the 18th century the "Dyrotzer Weg" is marked.
Literature
Richard Wagner, Finkenkrug in seinem Jahrhundert, published by the 'Förderverein des Heimatmuseums Falkensee e.V.', 2001
Richard Wagner, Illustrierte Geschichte von Falkensee, published by the 'Förderverein des Heimatmuseums Falkensee e.V.', 2003
Neufinkenkrug und seine Entwicklung, published by the 'Verein zur Förderung von Neufinkenkrug', 1914
Lehrer Rehfeld, Festschrift des Alten Finkenkrugs, 1927
Kurt Ruppin, Seegefeld, 1994
Falkensee, wie es früher war, Kulturamt der Stadt Falkensee, 1. Auflage 1994
Chronik, 1961
Hans-Ulrich Rhinow, Heimatgeschichte Falkensee und Region
External links
History of Finkenkrug
Localities in Havelland
Hussein Ali Awada (; born 1 January 2000) is a Lebanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Shabab Sahel, on loan from Ahed, and the Lebanon national team.
Club career
In summer 2019, Awada was loaned from Ahed to Shabab Bourj. After returning to Ahed to compete in the 2021 AFC Cup and 2021 Lebanese Elite Cup, he was loaned back to Shabab Bourj in summer 2021 for one season. On 28 June 2022, Awada joined Shabab Sahel on a one-year loan.
International career
Having represented Lebanon at under-23 level, Awada made his senior debut on 7 December 2021, as a substitute in a 1–0 win against Sudan in the 2021 FIFA Arab Cup.
Style of play
Awada is a box-to-box midfielder.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
(2020–present)
(date of birth)
2000 births
Living people
People from Nabatieh
Lebanese footballers
Association football midfielders
Al Ahed FC players
Shabab El Bourj SC players
Shabab Al Sahel FC players
Lebanese Premier League players
Lebanon youth international footballers
Lebanon international footballers
Sydney Inlet Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Clayoquot Sound region of the west coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located north of the settlement of Hot Springs Cove and northwest of the resort town of Tofino. Sydney Inlet was the name of the post office in the area from its creation in 1947 to 1948, when it was renamed Hot Springs Cove, though that post office was subsequently closed in 1974.
The park contains heritage and cultural sites of the Nuu-chah-nulth peoples. The park was identified for protection by the Clayoqout Land-Use Decision in 1995 and was created by amends to parks legislation on July 13 of that year. Physiographically, Sydney Inlet is considered one of the best examples of a fjord on Vancouver Island. The inlet is fed by the Sydney River, which has a large population of Chinook salmon.
See also
Clayoquot Sound Biosphere Reserve
References
External links
BC Parks info page
Clayoquot Sound region
Microchirus is a genus of soles native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.
Species
There are currently seven recognized species in this genus:
Microchirus azevia (Brito Capello, 1867) (Bastard sole)
Microchirus boscanion (Chabanaud, 1926) (Lusitanian sole)
Microchirus frechkopi Chabanaud, 1952 (Frechkop's sole)
Microchirus ocellatus (Linnaeus, 1758) (Foureyed sole)
Microchirus theophila (A. Risso, 1810)
Microchirus variegatus (Donovan, 1808) (Thickback sole)
Microchirus wittei Chabanaud, 1950 (Banded sole)
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
The banded wattle-eye (Platysteira laticincta) is a species of bird in the family Platysteiridae. It is endemic to the Bamenda Highlands in western Cameroon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
banded wattle-eye
Endemic birds of Cameroon
banded wattle-eye
banded wattle-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cameroonian Highlands forests
The Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's soccer team represents the University of Notre Dame in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I women's soccer. The team competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference and is currently coached by Nate Norman, following the resignation of Theresa Romagnolo. The Fighting Irish have won three of the 29 NCAA national championships.
History
Notre Dame's women's soccer team won the National Championship in 1995, 2004 and 2010 and were the runner-up in 1994, 1996, 1999, 2006, and 2008. Notre Dame is one of only three schools with multiple national titles, the others being North Carolina (21) and Portland (2). Notre Dame also ranks second in all-time title game appearances (8) behind North Carolina (24). Like Notre Dame, the University of Portland is also a private Roman Catholic university affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross. Notre Dame's women's soccer program started in 1988 under coach Chris Petrucelli. Their 1995 Big East title was the university's first in any sport. That same year, Petrucelli's squad, under the leadership of Cindy Daws, won the program's first national title, defeating Portland 1–0. Randy Waldrum, took over the program in 1999 and maintained the Fighting Irish's success, winning the national title in 2004 by beating UCLA 4–3 as well as capturing six Big East titles. Waldrum's 2010 squad won the school's third national title, going 21-2-2 and posting 15 shutouts and became the lowest ranked team to do so, beating undefeated Stanford in a 1–0 decision. In doing so, they outscored their postseason opponents 15–1. They also reached the College Cup for the fifth straight year, a school record. Their senior class won 87 matches in their 4 years, the most in that span. Three Notre Dame players have won the Hermann Trophy, given to the United States' best male and female collegiate soccer players. They are Cindy Daws (1996), Anne Makinen (2000) and Kerri Hanks (2006, 2008). Hanks is one of only four players to win the award twice. Notre Dame is also one of only two schools with three or more different Hermann Trophy recipients.
On October 19, 2014, Elizabeth Tucker received the 2014 NCAA Woman of the Year Award. She became the first Notre Dame student-athlete in any sport to be selected for this prestigious honor in its 24-year history. She's also the first soccer player ever to win the award from any school. Elizabeth Tucker is also the first student-athlete in Notre Dame history to sweep all four of the university's major athletics honors in the same year. What's truly amazing is that she did not play high school soccer and yet started in 22 of 25 games during her freshman year in 2010 and helped lead the Fighting Irish to the NCAA Division I Championship in that same year. She was a team captain by her junior year and as a senior, her teammates selected her as their most valuable player. Her exceptional work ethic and fitness level enabled her to appear in all 92 matches of her college career (starting 87 times). Knowing that she did not play high school soccer, one begins to understand how all this was possible when one discovers that she was a track, cross-country and basketball standout at Bishop Kenny High School in Jacksonville, Florida. For starters, this is where she anchored the three-time state championship winning 4 × 800 m relay team from 2007 to 2009, was a member of 2008 state championship cross-country team as well as a 2009 first-team all-state cross-country selection. Tucker also earned all-city first team honors for basketball in 2009 and served as team captain.
On January 3, 2014, Waldrum resigned after 15 seasons with the Fighting Irish to become the head coach of newly established NWSL team Houston Dash. On March 19, 2014, Theresa Romagnolo was appointed as his successor. Prior to coaching the Fighting Irish, Romagnolo had been the women's soccer head coach at Dartmouth the past three seasons, and had also been an assistant coach at Stanford and at the University of San Diego. Romagnolo resigned on January 22, 2018, citing the desire to spend more time with her family. Assistant coach Nate Norman was promoted to head coach on February 20, 2018.
Personnel
Current roster
Team management
Seasons
^ In 1991, Notre Dame began play in the Horizon League.
† In 1995, Notre Dame began play in the Big East.
‡ In 2013, Notre Dame began play in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Individual honors
NCAA Woman of the Year Award:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
Hermann Trophy:
Cindy Daws - 1996
Anne Makinen - 2000
Kerri Hanks - 2006, 2008
Big East Offensive Player of the Year:
Katie Thorlakson - 2004, 2005
Kerri Hanks - 2006, 2008
Brittany Bock - 2007
Lauren Fowlkes - 2009
Melissa Henderson - 2010
Big East Defensive Player of the Year:
Jen Grubb - 1999
Candace Chapman - 2002, 2005
Melissa Tancredi - 2003, 2004
Carrie Dew - 2008
Big East Midfielder of the Year:
Anne Makinen - 2000
Jen Buczkowski - 2005
Courtney Barg - 2009
Big East Rookie of the Year:
Jenny Streiffer - 1996
Vanessa Pruzinsky - 1999
Christie Shaner - 2003
Kerri Hanks - 2005
Melissa Henderson - 2008
Big East All-Rookie Team:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2010
Big East Championship All-Tournament Team:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2012
U.S. Under-23 Women's National Team:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2012
Capital One Academic All-America (CoSIDA) First Team:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2012–2013, 2013–2014
ACC Scholar-Athlete of the Year:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
Notre Dame Byron V. Kanaley Award:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
Notre Dame Francis Patrick O'Connor Award:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
Notre Dame Athletics Community Champion Award:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
Notre Dame Top Gun Award:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
Notre Dame Monogram Club Team Most Valuable Player Award:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
NCAA Postgraduate Scholarship:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
ACC Postgraduate Scholarship:
Elizabeth Tucker - 2014
References
External links
Soccer clubs in Indiana
NCAA Division I women's soccer teams
MandM Direct is a British online fashion retailer based in the United Kingdom.It sells its products exclusively over the Internet and was the second largest online fashion retailer in the UK in 2010-s. It specializes in buying clearance stock from manufacturers and selling at discounted prices. They stock over 150 brands including Adidas, Timberland, Diesel and Puma.
History
The company was started as M and M Sports in 1987 by Mark Ellis and Martin Churchward.
Following a buy-out by private equity group ECI Partners in 2004 the company's identity changed to MandM Direct in order to reflect their move into selling fashion and lifestyle brands.
In 2007 US private equity group, TA Associates completed major investment and the logistics operation moved to new warehousing in Herefordshire.
2009 saw expansion into Europe which led to German language and later French language sites being created.
In 2014, according to the reports, Danish fashion group Bestseller purchased MandM Direct Ltd for £140 million ($235 million).
The company was a back-of-the-shirt sponsor for Hereford United until 2012.
MandM Direct are an official partner of Teenage Cancer Trust and has raised over 1.5 million pounds.
Location
The company headquarters is in Leominster, Herefordshire, with the main warehouse facility being based at Moreton-on-Lugg just off the A49.
Brands
Ben Sherman
Asics
Jack and Jones
Board Angels
Kangaroo Poo
Mad Wax
Penguin
Onfire
Diesel
Trespass
Adidas
Bench
Voi Jeans
Converse
UGG
Fred Perry
Firetrap
Animal
Arena
Speedo
Puma
Lyle and Scott
Levi Strauss & Co
New Balance
Jack Wills
Hunter
References
External links
Companies based in Herefordshire
Retail companies established in 1987
British brands
Online clothing retailers of the United Kingdom
release may company minutes production location united by unitedby Stacey3AM is an American reality documentary series about the late-night life of New York City. The voyeuristic documentary series puts the spotlight on the lives of five New York citizens andofeterans to nightlife The series debuted on the premium cable channel Showtime on May 28, 2015. Showtime continued to air a 7 episode-long first season. The season finale aired on July 9, 3 AM5.
3AM was met by critics with a mixed reception. The series has been praised for its provocative visual style ut but has also been received as mildly entertaining.
After its initial 7-episode run, Shnightlifecelled the show in January 2016.
Cast
Main
Each episode of the series follows a single evening with the following five members of Nthe ew Ynightlifenightlifee crowd.
Josh "The Fat Jew" (Season 1): Josh is an anightlife celebrity, a veteran of New York City's late-night life and a self-described "Magellan" of the night life in New York. He has been described as a "crazy partier" and will attend a wide variety of parties, from "Pokémon raves to stripper parties". Josh is determined to prove that New York City has the cHis photography focuses
Kirill (Season 1): Kirill is a charming nightlife photographer. The focus of his photography is on action of the "girls gone wild" nature. In addition, Kirill has a girlfriend who is not enthusiastic of his chosen livelihood.
Vashtie (Season 1): Vashtie, also known as "Va$htie", is a gorgeous DJ and filmmaker from Albany. She studied at the School of Visual Arts (SVA) in New York. Vashtie became a part of the late night crowd and does her best to get away from her rough childhood.
Markus (Season 1): Markus is an infamous and glamorous doorman and stand-up comedian. Markus is trnightlifelance a relationship with his boyfriend with a life filled with extravagant temptations.
Samantha (Season 1): Samantha, who also goes by Abby, is a photographer by da. But by night, she is a beautiful escort. Samantha strongly desires a more normal li3 AM but struggles to walk away from New York Citys photography focuses
Production and development
3AM was created by television producer Dick Wolf. Wolf, along with Tom Thabouter with Wolf Reality, are also executive producers on the show, as well as Banks Tarver and Ken Druckerman from the New York-based Left/Right Productions (part of the Red Arrow Entertainment Group) and Marie McGovern. Altholate-nights credited as the creator of the series, Marie McGovern stated in an interview with the NY Daily News that the series was her brainchild. In the interview, McGovern, a former news assignment editor at the same newspaper, noted that she was inspired by working early morning shifts and reading police reports on there the premiere that would go on the day before."
Episodes
Season 1 (2015)
Critical response
Upon the series premiere, 3AM was met with a mixed critical reception. In a more negative review, Brian Lowry from Variety thought that while the show was "visually provocative", 3AM was "only mildly criticized" and "never for a moment truly convincing." Lowry also criticised the title of the series, which he noted in his review as conveying the impression that "strange things happen at night while those who work the day shift slumber, especially around the designated hour." Lowry claimed this was an insubstantial construct that was employed primarily to present titillating moments to the audience. In addition, Lowry criticised the character followed by the series for giving the impression of posturing for the cameras, which "offsets the effect of the gritty photography and dreamy music used to set the mood."Award-winning
However, Mike Hale of The New York Times held a more positive review of the series. Hale refe3 AMd to the series as "refreshing, when compared to Showtime's more popular a3,3 AMEmmy Award-winning shows such as Masters of Sex. In his review, Hale noted that the show had a "disarming matter-of-factness" that he t3 AMght to make the show "easy to watch."
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
Showtime (TV network) original programming
English-language television shows
2015 American television series debuts
2015 American television series endings
"Hip to Be Square" is a song by Huey Lewis and the News, written by Bill Gibson, Sean Hopper, and Huey Lewis, and released in 1986 as the second single from the multi-platinum album Fore!.
The song features Pro Football Hall of Famers and then-San Francisco 49ers Joe Montana and Ronnie Lott singing backup vocals. The single reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100. In later concerts, Lewis performed the song as "(Too) Hip to Be Square", as performed on their live album, Live at 25.
Composition
In a 2008 interview with Entertainment Weekly, Lewis stated he originally wrote the song's lyrics in the third person, "He used to be a renegade...". He referenced the book Bobos in Paradise in describing the song's inspiration, explaining that "Hip to Be Square" was about the "phenomenon where people from the '60s started to drop back in, cut their hair, work out, that kind of crap, but they kept their bohemian tastes. ... bourgeois bohemians." Lewis later modified the lyrics to be in the first person as he believed it would enhance the joke, but stated this had unintentionally led to the interpretation of the song as an "anthem for square people".
Reception
Billboard said that "this bouncy stomp should find a wide constituency identifying with the lyrics." Cash Box said that "utilizing the 'Power of Love' formula," it "jumps off to a quick start and drives home the populist message of its title."
Appearances
American Psycho
The song is referred to in the novel American Psycho when the main character, Patrick Bateman, provides a lengthy critique of Huey Lewis and the News' career.
The song was then featured in the film adaptation during a scene in which Bateman (played by Christian Bale) gives an abridged version of his critique from the novel to his coworker Paul Allen (Jared Leto) just before killing him in his house with an axe in a turning point of the film:
The song was originally featured on the accompanying soundtrack, but shortly after it was released, the album was pulled from the shelves and the song was removed before being reissued, but a small number had already been sold. Reports erroneously claimed that Lewis had objected to the context in which his song was used in the film and demanded it be removed from the album. In reality, the film's production team had paid for the rights to use the song in the film, but overlooked receiving the rights to include it on the soundtrack. When the soundtrack was released with the song on it, Lewis had it withdrawn, as the soundtrack rights had not been secured.
In 2013, Lewis himself guest starred in a parody of the scene with "Weird Al" Yankovic for comedy website Funny or Die.
in 2021, metalcore band Ice Nine Kills released "Hip to Be Scared" as the lead single from their album The Silver Scream 2: Welcome to Horrorwood. In addition to the title being a direct reference, the song and video featured an interpolation of the main melody from "Hip to Be Square" during a skit which parodies Bateman's critique of the band.
Sesame Street
The popular children's show Sesame Street created an educational parody of the song called "Hip to Be a Square" and used it during a cartoon portion of the program. Lewis said of the parody, "they contacted our publisher about doing it, and we were happy to let 'em. I think it's sweet."
Track listing
7-inch single
"Hip to Be Square"
"Some of My Lies Are True" (Remix)
12-inch single
Remixed by Shep Pettibone
"Hip to Be Square" (Dance remix) – 6:05
"Hip to Be Square" (Dub mix) – 5:11
Charts
See also
List of Billboard Mainstream Rock number-one songs of the 1980s
References
External links
Official music video
1986 songs
1986 singles
Huey Lewis and the News songs
Music videos directed by Godley and Creme
Songs written by Huey Lewis
Chrysalis Records singles
Merkare was an Egyptian pharaoh of the late 13th Dynasty of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period reigning for a short while, some time between 1663 BC and 1649 BC.
Reign
As a pharaoh of the 13th Dynasty, Merkare would have reigned either over Upper Egypt from Thebes or over Middle and Upper Egypt from Memphis. At the time, the Eastern Nile Delta was under the domination of the 14th Dynasty.
According to the egyptologist Kim Ryholt, no less than 17 kings of the 13th Dynasty reigned in the short time period from 1663 BC until 1649 BC. Scholars, such as Manfred Bietak and Ryholt proposed that this instability is a consequence of a prolonged famine and perhaps a plague which struck at least the Delta region and lasted until the end of the 13th and 14th Dynasty states c. 1650 BC. The weakened state of both kingdoms may explain, in part, why they fell rapidly to the emerging Hyksos power c. 1650 BC.
Attestation
Merkare's only attestation is the Turin canon, a king list compiled in the early Ramesside period. According to the egyptologist Kim Ryholt, the canon gives his prenomen on the 8th column, 18th line (Gardiner entry 7.23 ). The Turin papyrus is damaged on the section covering the late 13th dynasty and Merkare's reign length is lost in a lacuna.
The exact chronological position of Merkare is not known for certain as the damaged state of the Turin canon only allows for conjectural reconstructions of the late 13th Dynasty. According to Ryholt he was the forty-eighth ruler of the dynasty, while Baker and von Beckerath see him as the forty-seventh.
References
17th-century BC Pharaohs
Pharaohs of the Thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Horace L. Calvo January 4, 1927 – June 3, 1991) was an American politician and jurist.
Born in Chicago, Calvo went to Springfield Community College, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, and Saint Louis University School of Law. Calvo was admitted to the Illinois bar even though he never had a law degree. He served in the United States Air Force from 1944 to 1947. Calvo practiced law in Granite City, Illinois. He was an Illinois assistant attorney general from 1961 to 1968. From 1979 until 1975, Calvo served in the Illinois House of Representatives and was a Democrat. In 1975, Calvo was appointed Illinois Circuit Court judge and then was appointed to the Illinois Appellate Court in 1987. From 1989 until his death in 1991, Calvo served on the Illinois Supreme Court. Calvo died of cancer in a hospital in Saint Louis, Missouri.
Notes
1927 births
1991 deaths
20th-century American judges
20th-century American politicians
Deaths from cancer in Missouri
Illinois Democrats
Illinois state court judges
Judges of the Illinois Appellate Court
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Military personnel from Illinois
People from Granite City, Illinois
Politicians from Chicago
Saint Louis University School of Law alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Melanie Bronze dos Santos (born 12 July 1995) is a Portuguese triathlete. She won the gold medal at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in the women's individual sprint. In 2021, she competed in the women's event at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Early life
She started practising triathlon at 15 years old.
Personal life
She is in a relationship with Portuguese triathlete João Pereira. They both represent Benfica and the Portuguese national team. In 2018, they both won the gold medal in the individual events of the 2018 Mediterranean Games.
References
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Basel-Stadt
Portuguese female athletes
Portuguese female triathletes
Duathletes
S.L. Benfica (triathlon)
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Portugal
Mediterranean Games medalists in triathlon
European Games competitors for Portugal
Triathletes at the 2015 European Games
Triathletes at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Portugal
Swiss people of Portuguese descent
The Romance of David Garrick is a 1942 historical play by the British writer Constance Cox.
It ran for 35 performances at St James's Theatre in London's West End. Donald Wolfit directed and starred as the eighteenth century actor David Garrick.
References
Bibliography
Kabatchnik, Amnon. Blood on the Stage, 1950-1975: Milestone Plays of Crime, Mystery, and Detection. Scarecrow Press, 2011.
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1940-1949: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1942 plays
Plays based on real people
Cultural depictions of British men
Cultural depictions of actors
West End plays
Plays set in the 18th century
Plays set in London
Plays by Constance Cox
Harley Tat is an American television producer, writer, journalist, and author.
Writer and producer
A Seattle native, Tat began his career in Los Angeles as a television news magazine segment producer, working on A Current Affair, Extra and Hard Copy where he was a director as well.
During his time at A Current Affair, Tat produced a segment about Wanda Holloway, the Texas mother accused of murdering her daughter's cheerleading rival. Tat went on to appear as himself in the HBO television film about the event, The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom. The film starred Holly Hunter and Beau Bridges and was directed by Michael Ritchie (Bad News Bears, Fletch, Down Hill Racer), and written by Jane Anderson (Mad Men, The Wonder Years), the film earned Hunter an Emmy for acting, Bridges an Emmy and a Golden Globe for acting, and Anderson an Emmy for writing.
Tat moved from news magazines to unscripted relationship shows, serving as executive producer for over a thousand episodes of Blind Date and The 5th Wheel for NBCUniversal,. Tat is the creator and executive producer of the "You've Been Sacked" segments on Monday Night Football. He was the executive producer of more than 150 episodes of Whacked Out Sports, Whacked Out Videos, Knockout Sportsworld, and Sports Crash. In addition he was the executive producer for "My Viral Video" and "Dear Santa" and "Mobile Home Disaster" which he also directed.
Tat served as executive producer of the independent film Jess + Moss, which was accepted at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival.
Novelist
Tat wrote The New Boy, a fictitious account of a troubled rugby player in Washington state, when it was released it ranked #1 in Rugby for both paperback and kindle editions.
Media entrepreneur
In recent years, Tat co-founded (along with Jim Kirk) a media exploration company called Magic Ranch Entertainment. The media endeavor utilizes its owner's experience
in unscripted television, film, advertising and live events to package, produce and distribute brand-infused content. Magic Ranch Media Explorers, and its parent company Corporate Magic, have worked with global brands such as Coca-Cola, Mazda, and the Boy Scouts of America among many other companies.
References
American television producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Rennell fantail (Rhipidura rennelliana) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is endemic to Rennell Island (Solomon Islands).
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Description
The plumage is mostly mouse-brown, while the color of throat is somewhat paler. There is a reddish stripe on the wing. The long tail, which the bird often spreads, is with a pale fringe. Avoids open spaces, preferring forest (mostly virgin ones). This is the only fantail on Rennell Island. The usual sound is piercing and squeaky.
Taxonomy
Rennell fantail (R. rennelliana) forms a superspecies with:
Brown fantail (R. drownei)
Makira fantail (R. tenebrosa)
Streaked fantail (R. verreauxi)
Kadavu fantail (R. personata)
Samoan fantail (R. nebulosa)
References
Rennell fantail
Birds of Rennell Island
Rennell fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rhopilema esculentum, the flame jellyfish, is a species of jellyfish native to the warm temperate waters of the Pacific Ocean. It is a popular seafood in southeastern Asia. In the 1980s, research was undertaken in China into its aquaculture, and it is now bred in ponds in that country before being released into the sea to grow to a mature size suitable for the fishery.
Description
Like other members of the order Rhizostomae, the medusa stage of Rhopilema esculentum has no tentacles at the margin of the bell. Instead, underneath the bell it has eight highly branched oral arms, fused at the base and with numerous secondary mouth openings. The bell is rigid, tough and thick with a smooth surface. It is usually suffused with red.
Distribution and habitat
Rhopilema esculentum is found in western Japan, the Bohai Sea, the Yellow Sea, the East China Sea and the North Malayan Sea. It drifts with the currents and is found near the surface in calm weather. It is swept inshore by the rising tide and drifts back out as the tide falls.
Aquaculture and fishery
Millions of pond-reared jellyfish with a bell diameter of around are released into suitable locations such as Liaodong Bay, in Liaodong Province, China, between May and June each year. They grow rapidly and permits are issued allowing fishing some two months later, the optimum fishing period being around mid-August. The fishing grounds are shallow semi-enclosed locations with large tidal flows, freshwater inflows and abundant food. The average weight of a jellyfish when harvested is , and in 2005, the recovery rate of reared jellyfish was 3.2%, with a total of 12,500 tons of reared jellyfish being caught. The maximum bell diameter of the jellyfish is around in mid-September, after which time the bell begins to shrink.
Use as food
This jellyfish is a popular item of food in China and other southern and eastern Asian countries. It can be eaten raw as a salad and has a crisp texture. Cooking jellyfish requires skill because it shrinks at temperatures above . It is normally preserved by treatment with solutions of alum and salt. The excess salt needs to be removed before cooking. Various jellyfish foods are available on the Chinese market including artificial jellyfish products made largely from sodium alginate.
Medicinal uses
Traditional Chinese medicine advocates the consumption of this jellyfish to treat arthritis, high blood pressure, asthma, burns, ulcers and other ailments; however, further research is needed to verify these claims. Protein isolated from R. esculentum has been shown to have antioxidant and insecticidal properties. Proteomic Analysis revealed that the R. esculentum venom consist of a high variety of putative toxins, including ShKT domain- and Kunitz domain- containing proteins which are potential therapeutic compounds.
See also
Jellyfish as food
References
Rhizostomatidae
Animals described in 1891
Cnidarians of the Pacific Ocean
A data converter may refer to
a digital-to-analog converter;
an analog-to-digital converter;
any other device used in data conversion.
Foundation Work of the New Millennium (Fundacja Dzieło Nowego Tysiąclecia – FNDT) was established in 2000 in response by the Catholic Church in Poland to the words spoken by Pope John Paul II there in 1999. He noted the social changes at the turn of the year 1989, which were indispensable but also caused an increase in poverty. A conference of Poland's episcopate voted to create a foundation to help talented youth in the poorer areas of Poland.
The scholarship programme is seen as building a "living memorial of the Pope".. The pilot programme included 500 pupils from five dioceses who were granted scholarships. During the following two years, the organisation expanded to almost all the dioceses in the country. As of 2011, FDNT provides help for 2500 pupils and students. Scholarship-holders are a part of the formation aiming at Christian and civic maturity. The foundation organizes nationwide two-week holiday camps during which the high school pupils are familiarised with regions of Poland along with their cultural and scientific wealth.
The foundation also coordinates the celebrations of The Day of the Pope on the Sunday preceding John Paul II 's election to the papacy. FDNT awards the TOTUS prize to groups and individuals who promote human dignity.
References
External links
FUNDACJA website (English)
Religious organisations based in Poland
Foundations based in Poland
The Malta Youth Football Association (commonly referred to as the 'Youth FA') oversees youth football in the country of Malta. It started with the founding of the Educational Sports Centre in Marsa in 1972. That was the first nursery in Malta. Hundreds of children attended once or twice a week to train in football, basketball, athletics and gymnastics. Slowly, the early eighties gave birth to the football nursery practically in every town in Malta. The Youth F.A. was officially established in 1982 comprising first 8 nurseries and clubs progressing rapidly to the present day. Each nursery caters for children from 6 years to 17-year-old youths In the categories of Under 7, Under 9, Under 11, Under 13, Under 15 and Under 17. Nearly each nursery participates in Under 10 & 12 Festivals as well as in U/14 & U/16 Competitions (Under 19 teams do not form part of the Youth F.A. but of the Malta F.A.). The aims of the educational sports center, as the name denotes, was to educate children through sports. Although the Youth F.A. and all the nurseries do not refer directly to education in their names, the spirit of the aims remain those of forming the characters of children and youths through the game of football.
Member clubs
Youth
Youth football in Malta
Maceira is a village and a civil parish of the municipality of Leiria, Portugal. The population in 2011 was 2,004, in an area of 47.03 km2.
References
Parishes of Leiria
In optics, optical power (also referred to as dioptric power, refractive power, focusing power, or convergence power) is the degree to which a lens, mirror, or other optical system converges or diverges light. It is equal to the reciprocal of the focal length of the device: . High optical power corresponds to short focal length. The SI unit for optical power is the inverse metre (m−1), which is commonly called the dioptre.
Converging lenses have positive optical power, while diverging lenses have negative power. When a lens is immersed in a refractive medium, its optical power and focal length change.
For two or more thin lenses close together, the optical power of the combined lenses is approximately equal to the sum of the optical powers of each lens: . Similarly, the optical power of a single lens is roughly equal to the sum of the powers of each surface. These approximations are commonly used in optometry.
An eye that has too much or too little refractive power to focus light onto the retina has a refractive error. A myopic eye has too much power so light is focused in front of the retina. This is noted as a minus power. Conversely, a hyperopic eye has too little power so when the eye is relaxed, light is focused behind the retina. An eye with a refractive power in one meridian that is different from the refractive power of the other meridians has astigmatism. This is also known as a cylindrical power. Anisometropia is the condition in which one eye has a different refractive power than the other eye.
See also
Lens clock
Lensmeter
Plate scale
Vergence
Vertometer
References
Power
The Regiment Huzaren van Sytzama was a Dutch armored regiment named for J.G. Baron van Sytzama, which was disbanded in 2012. Its origins may be traced to the French 14th Regiment of Cuirassiers which had in turn been formed from the Dutch 2nd Regiment of Cuirassiers in 1810. From these men, the Baron raised the regiment, later styled 1e Regiment Huzaren.
The Regiment Huzaren Prinses Catharina-Amalia, which is a company in the 414th Panzer Battalion, is a cavalry regiment formed in late 2020 through the amalgamation of three other Dutch cavalry regiments that, at the time, existed in suspension - the Regiment Huzaren Prins Alexander, Regiment Huzaren Van Sytzama and Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje.
Tank Battalions
11th Tank Battalion which was activated on January 6, 1958, equipped with the British Centurion tank until August 1970, followed by the Leopard 1. In 1985 the Leopard 1V (improved) replaced the 1's. In 1993 the Leopard 1V was replaced by the Leopard 2A4. In April 1999 it was the last active user of the Leopard 2A4 and in that month it was replaced by the Leopard 2A5. In March 2004 the A5s were replaced with the Leopard 2A6. On February 9, 2012 the 11th tankbattalion was disbanded. It was based at Oirschot, North Brabant, the Netherlands
12th Tank Battalion was activated in October 1957. In 1971 it received the Leopard 1 and in December 1985 the first Leopard 2A4s arrived to replace the Leopard 1s. In 2000 the unit was disbanded.
43rd Tank Battalion was activated February 1, 1963 at 't Harde, the Netherlands. in 1970 it received the first Leopard 1s. In July 1983 the unit received the Leopard 2A4. On July 1, 1992 the unit was disbanded at Langemannshof.
49th Tank Battalion which was activated on October 1, 1972. Initially operating the Leopard 1 and from 1986 the Leopard 1V (improved). The unit was deactivated/disbanded on January 1, 1994. Its last location was the mobilisation complex at Schaarsbergen, the Netherlands.
External links
Dutch Cavalry Museum
11th Tank Battalion, official march
Huzaren van Sytzama
Military units and formations disestablished in 2012
The Taiwan Constitution Association (TCA; ) is a Taiwanese political party affiliated with the Pan-Green Coalition.
History
The party was founded on 8 November 2007.
See also
List of political parties in the Republic of China
References
External links
Official website
2007 establishments in Taiwan
Political parties in Taiwan
Political parties established in 2007
Taiwan independence movement
François-Xavier Garneau (June 15, 1809 – February 2 or February 3, 1866) was a nineteenth-century French Canadian notary, poet, civil servant and liberal who wrote a three-volume history of the French Canadian nation entitled Histoire du Canada between 1845 and 1848.
Biography
Garneau was born in Quebec City and in 1821 he entered a school which had been opened in the basement of the chapel of the Congrégation des Hommes de la Haute Ville. Then Garneau educated at Quebec seminary, studied law, and was admitted as a notary in 1830. Subsequently, he became clerk of the legislative assembly, member of the council of public instruction, and city clerk of Quebec, which office he held from 1845 until his death on February 2 or February 3, 1866. Garneau was an honorary member of literary and historical societies in the United States and Canada, and for several years president of the Institut Canadien of Quebec.
Histoire du Canada
Garneau argued that conquest was a tragedy, the consequence of which was a perpetual struggle against the forces of English Canada for the French Canadian nation; this struggle would continue into the future as long as French Canadians were under the oppressive reign of the British. The book was originally written as a response to the Durham report, which claimed that French Canadian culture was stagnant and that it would be best served through Anglophone assimilation. It was first translated in 1866 and by then "the accepted national history" of French Canadians.
Legacy
François-Xavier Garneau Medal
The François-Xavier Garneau Medal is the highest award given by the Canadian Historical Association and is given once every five years for an outstanding Canadian contribution to historical research. Recipients were: Louise Dechêne (1980), Michael Bliss (1985), John M. Beattie (1990), Joy Parr (1995), Gérard Bouchard (2000), Timothy Brook (2005), John C. Weaver (2010) and Bettina Bradbury (2015).
2010 Winter Olympics
Canadian actor Donald Sutherland narrated the following quote from one of his poems at the opening ceremonies of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
In what other climate does the Queen of Silence
Show us more splendour?
I love, Oh Canada, night, the vast plain
Shining with whiteness!
Works
Histoire du Canada depuis sa découverte jusqu'à nos jours, 1845–52, 1st ed. (BAnQ: vol. 1. 2, 3, 4), 1852, 2d ed., 1859, 3rd ed., 1882, 4th ed.(IA: vol. 1, 2, 3, 4)
Voyage en Angleterre et en France, dans les années 1831, 1832 et 1833, 1855. (BAnQ: online)
Abrégé de l'histoire du Canada, depuis sa découverte jusqu'à 1840 : à l'usage des maisons d'éducation, 1858 (IA: online)
History of Canada: From the Time of its Discovery Till the Union Year, 1860 (IA: vol. 1, 2, 3)
Additions à l'histoire du Canada, 1864 (BAnQ: online)
References
Notes
English
Savard, Pierre. "Garneau, François-Xavier", in The Canadian Encyclopedia, Historica Fondation. 2008
Savard, Pierre and Paul Wyczienski. "Garneau, François-Xavier", in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online, University of Toronto and Université Laval, 2000
French
Brunet, Berthelot. "Dossier François-Xavier Garneau", in L'Encyclopédie de l'Agora, updated May 25, 2006
Gallichan, Gilles, Kenneth Landry and Denis Saint-Jacques (1998). François-Xavier Garneau, une figure nationale, Québec: Éditions Nota bene, 39 p. ()
Bergeron, Gérard (1994). Lire François-Xavier Garneau, 1809-1866 : historien national, Québec: Institut québécois de recherche sur la culture, 244 p.
Garneau, François-Xavier (1968). Voyage en Angleterre et en France dans les années 1831, 1832 et 1833, Ottawa, Éditions de l'Université d'Ottawa, 379 p. Collection «Présence». (critical edition Paul Wyczynski)
Wyczynski, Paul (1966). François-Xavier Garneau : aspects littéraires de son oeuvre, Ottawa : Éditions de l'Université d'Ottawa, 207 p.
Lanctot, Gustave (1946). Garneau, historien national, Montréal: Fides, 1946, 205 p.
Robitaille, Georges (1966). Études sur Garneau : critique historique, Montréal: Librairie d'Action canadienne-française ltée, 1929, 253 p.
Casgrain, Henri-Raymond (1926). F.-X. Garneau et Francis Parkman, Montréal: Librairie Beauchemin, limitée, 123 p.
Casgrain, Henri-Raymond (1924). De Gaspé et Garneau, Montréal: Librairie Beauchemin, limitée, 123 p.
Lanctot, Gustave (1923). François Xavier Garneau, Toronto: Ryerson, 1923, 197 p.
Casgrain, Henri-Raymond (1912). F.X. Garneau et Francis Parkman, Montréal: Librairie Beauchemin, limitée, 139 p.
Casgrain, Henri-Raymond (1866). Biographie de F.X. Garneau, Montréal: Beauchemin & Valois, libraires-imprimeurs, 115 p.
Chauveau, Pierre-Joseph-Olivier (1883). François-Xavier Garneau : sa vie et ses oeuvres, Montréal: Beauchemin & Valois, libraires-imprimeurs ( online)
Casgrain, Henri-Raymond (1866). F.X. Garneau, Québec: J.N. Duquet, éditeur, 135 p. (online)
External links
1809 births
1866 deaths
French Quebecers
19th-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
Historians from Quebec
Pre-Confederation Quebec people
Canadian poets in French
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
Canadian male non-fiction writers
19th-century Canadian historians
19th-century Canadian male writers
Dame Hilda Louisa Bynoe, DBE (née Gibbs; 18 November 1921 – 6 April 2013) was the Governor of Grenada between 1967 and 1972.
A doctor and hospital administrator, Bynoe was, so far, the only woman to have been a governor of one of the British Dependencies, Hilda Bynoe was the first woman Governor of a Commonwealth of Nations country, becoming Governor of Grenada, Cariacou and Petit Martinique. She spent most of her adult life as a teacher and doctor of medicine in Trinidad and Tobago.
Early life and career
Born in Crochu, Grenada, West Indies, Bynoe was educated at the village school, where her father, Thomas Joseph Gibbs, was headmaster and where her mother, sister and aunts had at one time or the other been teachers, and at St. Joseph's Convent, the island's only Roman Catholic Secondary School for girls. The first few years of adulthood were spent as a teacher at the Convent of St. Joseph in San Fernando, Trinidad, and later at Bishop Anstey High School in Port of Spain, Trinidad, as a science student. In 1944 she left for Europe to study Medicine and graduated from the University of London's Royal Free Hospital, then the London School of Medicine for Women, in 1951.
Governor of Grenada
In June 1968, she was appointed Governor of Grenada, the first woman governor in the British Commonwealth and the first Grenada native to occupy the post. She was appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in 1969.
In January 1974, following demonstrations calling for her resignation, Bynoe made a speech over the radio calling for public support. The Prime Minister, Eric Gairy, advised the Queen to dismiss Bynoe, accusing Bynoe of attempting to undermine the Premier's authority to recommend the appointment and dismissal of governors. Gairy then requested permission to retire from the Queen, which was granted.
Personal life
While still a student, she met and married Peter Cecil Alexander Bynoe, a Trinidadian RAF Officer; they had two sons, Roland and Michael. The Bynoe family returned to the West Indies in 1953 and Hilda Bynoe served in Guyana and Trinidad for the next fifteen years.
In 1990, she retired to continue her writing and to assist in the care of her granddaughters Olukemi and Nandi. She continued as Patroness of several organizations, including the Caribbean College of Family Physicians, the John Hayes Memorial Kidney Foundation and the Caribbean Women's Association. She died, aged 91, in Trinidad.
References
Further reading
Merle Collins, The Governor's Story: The authorised biography of Dame Hilda Bynoe, Peepal Tree Press, 2013.
External links
Women in Power excerpt
Biodata.
1921 births
2013 deaths
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Grenadian medical doctors
Governors of British Grenada
Grenadian Roman Catholics
Alumni of the University of London
Grenadian women in politics
British women medical doctors
Alumni of the London School of Medicine for Women
Caribbean women physicians
20th-century women politicians
20th-century women physicians
People from Saint Andrew Parish, Grenada
Grenadian expatriates in Trinidad and Tobago
Grenadian expatriates in the United Kingdom
This expedition was the final of three expeditions on the NOAAS Okeanos Explorer intended to increase the understanding of the deep-sea environment in the Gulf of Mexico. Gulf of Mexico 2018 was a 23-day telepresence-enabled expedition to collect critical information and acquire data on priority exploration areas identified by the ocean management and scientific communities. The goal of the expedition was to use remotely operated vehicle (ROV) dives in combination with seafloor mapping operations to increase the understanding of deep-sea ecosystems and collect scientific information to support future management decisions. The expedition lasted from 11 April 2018 to 3 May 2018.
ROV Dives
15 ROV dives were conducted ranging in depth from 305 to 3,010 meters to explore the diversity and distribution of deep-sea habitats and associated marine communities in the Gulf of Mexico basin. Operations were focused on characterizing deep-sea coral and sponge communities, bottomfish habitats, submarine canyons, shipwrecks, and chemosynthetic habitats such as brine pools, gas seeps, and mud volcanoes. Midwater exploration at depths ranging from 900 to 300 meters were also conducted during two dives to investigate the diversity and abundance of the largely unknown pelagic fauna.
During these dives hundreds of different species of animals, including several potential new species, new behaviors, and numerous significant range extensions were observed. 67 Biological samples (22 primary and 45 associated and commensal taxa) were collected. 13 of the biological samples represented substantial range extensions, and several were new species to science. 12 rock samples were collected for geochemical composition analysis and age-dating. During dives 6 and 7 two new chemosynthetic communities were documented including a brine pool and extinct brine waterfall at Hidalgo Basin and gas seeps at Walker Ridge 488.
During the first dive the shipwreck of the tug boat New Hope was explored for the first time and a 3D model of the site was created. The following dive explored an unidentified wooden vessel, a 3D model of the site was created as well.
A smaller objective of the dives was to document the extent of deep sea debris in the area. Trash was found 1,600 meters deep and over 275 kilometers off shore.
Outreach
The live video feeds of the expedition were shared publicly worldwide with the live video receiving more than 300,700 views via the NOAA Office of Ocean Exploration and Research (OER) YouTube channel. 85 Scientist, managers, and students from 35 institutions in the United States, Japan, Russia, Norway, United Kingdom, and Canada participated as members of the science team through telepresence. The expedition also conducted 16 live telepresence interactions with various groups engaging more than 400 individuals including the Exploratorium, National Aquarium, Boston College, Hawaii Pacific University, London Natural History Museum, and many more.
References
See also
NOAAS Okeanos Explorer Gulf of Mexico 2017 Expedition
Oceanographic expeditions
2018 in science
Foreign relations exist between Austria and South Korea. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established on May 22, 1963.
Missions
Austria has an embassy in Seoul and an honorary consulate in Busan. South Korea has an embassy in Vienna and 4 honorary consulates (in Graz, Klagenfurt, Linz and Salzburg). The Austrian embassy in Seoul is located in the same building as the Australian embassy, often leading to misdelivered mail and confused visitors.
Trade
In 2007, South Korea was Austria's fourth-largest non-European Union trading partner. Two way trade was valued at about US$1.8 billion that year.
Bilateral visits
In April 2007, the President of Austria Heinz Fischer paid a state visit to South Korea. It was the first ever state visit of an Austrian President to the republic.
See also
Foreign relations of Austria
Foreign relations of South Korea
South Korea–EU relations
Notes and references
External links
Austrian Foreign Ministry: list of bilateral treaties with South Korea (in German only)
Austrian embassy in Seoul (in German and Korean only)
South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade about relations with Austria
South Korean embassy in Vienna
Korea, South
Bilateral relations of South Korea
The Scottish Painters' Society was a trade union representing painters and decorators in Scotland.
The union was founded in 1898, as the Scottish National Federation of House and Ship Painters. By the end of the year, it had 1,227 members, and by 1900 this had risen to more than 3,000. Around this date, if became the Scottish Amalgamated Society of House and Ship Painters, then in 1903, it simplified its name, becoming the "Scottish Painters' Society".
The union merged into the Amalgamated Society of Painters and Decorators in 1963.
General Secretaries
1899: Archibald Gardner
1924: Dugald McLean
1945: William Peat
1962: A. Black
References
Painters' and decorators' trade unions
Defunct trade unions of Scotland
Trade unions established in 1898
Trade unions disestablished in 1963
Background
North Central Jr/Sr high school is located south of Farmersburg, Indiana on US Highway 41. If you are looking for it, it can be found just across from the Brampton Brick factory and just south of the WTWO News Channel TWO station. The school celebrated its 50th year of service in 2007-08. It is currently the only high school and one of 4 schools in the Northeast school corporation of Sullivan County, IN.
North Central's mascot is the Thunderbirds, named for all the explosions that came from the old Thunderbird Mine, that operated nearby Farmersburg and Shelburn, Indiana at the time of the start of the school.
Athletics
North Central is a Class A school with Indiana High School Athletic Association (IHSAA) membership. The school was formerly a member of the Tri-River Conference until it disbanded in 2010. The school's athletic programs now participate as a member of the Southwestern Indiana Conference.
Statistics
These are some statistics of the school as off of the Indiana Department of Education website
Student Migration
2006-07 to 2007-08
Farmersburg Elementary School 41 Pupils
Shelburn Elementary School 28 Pupils
Hymera Elementary School 17 Pupils
Honey Creek Middle School 5 Pupils
Ethnicity
2007-08
96.7% White 502 Pupils
1.7% Multi-Racial 9 Pupils
0.8% Hispanic 4 Pupils
0.6% Native American 3 Pupils
0.2% Asian 1 Pupil
0.4% Black 2 Pupils
Free Lunch
2007-08
Paid Lunch 52.2% 271 Pupils
Reduced Lunch 14.8% 77 Pupils
Free Lunch 32.9% 171 Pupils
Attendance Rate
Preliminary Data 2007-08
State Average 95.9%
Total 95.1%
Male 95.2%
Female 95.0%
Multi-Racial 95.2%
White 95.2%
ISTEP Results
2008-09 Fall
English/LA
7th Grade - 77 Pupils Tested,0% Pass Plus 0 Pupils, 49% Passed 38 Pupils, 51% Failed 39 Pupils
8th Grade - 100 Pupils Tested, 10% Pass Plus 10 Pupils, 53% Passed 53 Pupils, 36% Failed 36 Pupils, 1% Undetermined 1 Pupil
9th Grade - Not Tested In Fall Of 2008
10th Grade - 89 Pupils Tesed, 0% Pass Plus 0 Pupils, 62% Passed 55 Pupils, 36% Failed 32 Pupils, 2% Undetermined 2 Pupils
Mathematics
7th Grade - 77 Pupils Tested, 10% Pass Plus 8 Pupils, 68% Passed 52 Pupils, 21% Failed 16 Pupils, 1% Undetermined 1 Pupil
8th Grade - 100 Pupils Tested, 12% Pass Plus 12 Pupils, 53% Passed 53 Pupils, 35% Failed 35 Pupils,
9th Grade - Not Tested In Fall Of 2008
10th Grade - 89 Pupils Tested, 2% Pass Plus 2 Pupils, 54% Passed 48 Pupils, 44% Failed 39 Pupils,
SAT
2007-08
40% of Seniors Taking
Average Scores
Writing 473
Mathematics 494
Critical Reading 470
Composite Score College-Bound Seniors(Verbal & Math) 964
Graduation Rate
2006-07
87.5% of Pupils
63 Pupils
28.6% Honors Grads 18 Pupils
34.9% Core 40 Only 22 Pupils
36.5% Regular Grads 23 Pupils
73% Pursuing College Education 46 Pupils
Other
2006-07 or 2007-08
7% Taking An Advanced Placement Test
10% Of Seniors Taking An ACT Exam
23.6 ACT Composite Score
See also
List of high schools in Indiana
References
External links
Official School Website
Public high schools in Indiana
Schools in Sullivan County, Indiana
Public middle schools in Indiana
1957 establishments in Indiana
Pajama Party was an American female vocal trio from Brooklyn, New York active between 1988 and 1992. The original members were Jennifer McQuilkin of New Jersey, Daphne Rubin-Vega of Panama, and Suzi Ranta of Michigan with songwriter Peggy Sendars and songwriter/producer Jim Klein.
Career
The group originally consisted of Daphne Rubin-Vega, Jennifer McQuilkin, and Suzi Ranta, with Jennifer singing lead, but McQuilkin and Ranta were replaced in 1989 by Lynn Critelli and Amanda Homi.
The band's biggest hit single, "Yo No Sé" (1988) (sung by Jennifer McQuilkin), was one of the first freestyle songs in which the title was entirely in the Spanish language, which peaked at #75 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Their second single "Over and Over" (originally performed by Brenda K. Starr) peaked at 59 on the Hot 100.
First album
In 1988, the band recorded its first full-length album Up All Night on Atlantic Records. In 1989, Homi was replaced by Club MTV dancer Marialisa Costanzo. The next single, "Hide and Seek" (1990) (remixed by Robert Clivillés and David Cole) became their first music video. "Hide and Seek" went to 73 on the Hot 100.
The debut album contained the song "Lovelight" as well as the ballad "Living Inside Your Love". The singles charted on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs, and the group toured with New Kids on The Block, George Lamond, Sweet Sensation, Brenda K. Starr, Linear, and Sa-Fire.
Second album
In 1991 came the release of their second album Can't Live Without It (also on the Atlantic). The first single was "Got My Eye on You". The album's title song leaned towards R&B and pop.
Moving forward
By 1992, the group broke up, but members still continued to be involved in the entertainment industry. Rubin-Vega became a successful solo dance music artist (now with her Rock band DRV), and has done some movies, as well as originating the role of 'Mimi' in the Broadway musical Rent. McQuilkin, Ranta, and Critelli are all still in the music business. Homi and Costanzo are pursuing acting careers.
In 2000, for a celebration held in honor of Fever Records's Sal Abbatiello, a new version of Pajama Party graced the stage. Costanzo, along with new members Janine Acquafredda (a former backup singer for Lisette Melendez) and Johanna (formerly Freestyle artist Lil' Johanna) performed some of the classics, as well as new material.
Discography
Singles
References
American dance girl groups
American freestyle music groups
Musical groups from Brooklyn
Musical groups established in 1988
Musical groups disestablished in 1992
Stenaelurillus natalensis is a jumping spider species in the genus Stenaelurillus that lives in South Africa.
References
Endemic fauna of South Africa
Salticidae
Taxa named by Wanda Wesołowska
Spiders described in 2006
Spiders of South Africa
Jackson Wray (born 10 November 1990) is an English rugby union player.
Born in Sunderland, Tyne & Wear, his family moved to Essex where he grew up and spent his childhood and teenage years. Wray's performances benefited from a spell on loan with Championship side Bedford Blues. Wray really burst on to the scene in the first half of the 2010/11 season, recording a man of the match performance in front of the TV cameras at Bath, before becoming a mainstay in Mark McCall's side from 2013/14 season onwards.
Wray played for King John School, Westcliff RFC., Barking RFC, Bedford Blues, Saracens RFC, England U16s and U20s. His favored position is at Number Eight and blindside Flanker.
He was named in the Premiership Rugby Team of the Year at the end of the 2016/17 season. During his time at Saracens he has won four Premiership titles in 2015, 2016, 2018 and 2019, with Wray featuring in all four finals. He also helped Saracens win the European Champions Cup in 2016, 2017 and 2019.
In July 2020, it was confirmed that Wray had signed a contract extension with Saracens until the end of the 2022–23 season.
References
External links
http://www.rfu.com/SquadsAndPlayers/EnglandUnder20s/JacksonWray.aspx
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/rugby-union/2017/05/05/will-greenwoods-aviva-premiership-team-season/jackson-wray/- 5 May 2017
https://www.standard.co.uk/sport/rugby/saracens-star-jackson-wray-ready-to-tackle-big-battles-on-the-horizon-a3652631.html – 6 October 2017
https://www.premiershiprugby.com/club/saracens/
1990 births
Living people
Rugby union number eights
Saracens F.C. players
Bedford Blues players
Carl Christensen may refer to:
Carl Frederik Albert Christensen (1872–1942), Danish systematic botanist
Carl Christensen (soccer) (born 1956), retired American soccer defender
Carl Peter Hermann Christensen (1869–1936), last executioner in office for the government of Denmark
Carl L. Christensen Jr., California politician
C. C. A. Christensen (1831–1912), Danish-American artist
Carl C. Christensen (1891–1956), American businessman and politician
Jason Glanville is a member of the Wiradjuri people of central New South Wales, Australia, and a leader in the Indigenous community.
Career
Glanville has held senior positions in a number of organisations dedicated to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. He has also worked for the Commonwealth Government and Queensland State Government.
Reconciliation Australia
Prior to 2009 Jason Glanville was appointed the Director of Policy and Strategy for Reconciliation Australia. He was mentored by Mick Dodson. In 2009, Paul O'Callaghan was chosen over Jason Glanville as the Chief Executive Officer of Reconciliation Australia. Following the announcement, fellow staff members at Reconciliation Australia as well as Indigenous activists across the country reacted in "shock and disbelief".
In 2010, Glanville was named as one of Sydney's 100 Most Influential People, and in 2011 he was named as one of Boss Magazine's True Leaders of 2011.
National Centre of Indigenous Excellence
As of 2012 Glanville was the Chief Executive Officer of the National Centre of Indigenous Excellence, a "not-for-profit social enterprise that aims to build capability and create opportunities with and for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples across Australia". His "big picture" for the centre was to have it change Redfern from "a place notorious for chronic unemployment, lawlessness, drugs and alcohol into a centre for learning and culture". he is no longer in that role.
National Press Club address
On 13 February 2013, Glanville addressed the National Press Club. The title of his address, delivered with Tanya Hosch, was "Recognition: Why It's Right." On the same day, a photograph of Glanville and Hosch, with Indigenous leader Patrick Dodson, was published on the front page of The Australian newspaper.
Other roles
Glanville was also a co-director of the Ngiya Institute for Indigenous Policy, Law and Practice, a Trustee of the Australian Museum and a board member of the Australian Indigenous Leadership Centre.
References
Further reading
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Wiradjuri
Australian indigenous rights activists
Kévin Dinal (born 13 April 1993) is a French professional basketball player for Orléans of LNB Pro A.
On 22 June 2014 he signed with Souffelweyersheim. Dinal averaged 10.5 points, 7.7 rebounds and 1.3 assists per game.
On 6 July 2015 Dinal signed with JDA Dijon. He averaged 3.5 points and 2.6 rebounds per game.
On 10 June 2016 he signed with Orléans.
Dinal joined JL Bourg on 21 July 2017. He returned to Orléans on 4 August 2021.
References
1993 births
Living people
ADA Blois Basket 41 players
French men's basketball players
JDA Dijon Basket players
JL Bourg-en-Bresse players
Orléans Loiret Basket players
Basketball players from Paris
Power forwards (basketball)
Eucalyptus obstans, commonly known as the Port Jackson mallee, is common eucalyptus of south eastern Australia. It grows as a multi-stemmed mallee reaching 4 metres in height.
The bark is smooth, grey or greenish. It grows on poor shallow sandstone soils from Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park to Jervis Bay.
Eucalyptus obstans was first formally described in 1991 by Lawrie Johnson and Ken Hill in the journal Telopea, but the Australian Plant Census considers E. obstans to be a synonym of E. burgessiana.
References
obstans
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Trees of Australia
Mallees (habit)
Plants described in 1991
uMabatha is a 1970 play written by South African playwright Welcome Msomi. It is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth set in the Zulu Kingdom during the early 19th century, and details how Mabatha overthrows Dangane.
Described as Msomi's "most famous" work, uMabatha was written when Msomi was a student at the University of Natal; it was first performed at the University's open-air theater in 1971. In 1972, it was performed at the Royal Shakespeare Company's Aldwych Theatre as part of that year's World Theatre Season, and has subsequently been performed in Italy, Scotland, Zimbabwe, and throughout America, including a "very successful off-Broadway season in 1978".
Reception
Peter Ustinov said that, before seeing uMabatha, he did not truly understand Macbeth, while Gregory Doran stated that the 1995 Johannesburg production of uMabatha was "the best production of [Macbeth]" he had ever seen.
In response to the 1995 Johannesburg production, Nelson Mandela told Msomi that "(t)he similarities between Shakespeare's Macbeth and our own Shaka become a glaring reminder that the world is, philosophically, a very small place."
References
External links
Shakespeare's Globe Research Bulletin, issue #25 (May 2002): UMABATHA
uMabatha: Global and Local, by Laurence Wright
Plays and musicals based on Macbeth
Zulu literature
1970 plays
South African plays
Plays set in South Africa
Plays set in the 19th century
Manuela Carosi (born 13 June 1965 in Rome) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Italy. She represented her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1980. Carosi is a three-time gold medalist at the Mediterranean Games.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Swimmers from Rome
Italian female swimmers
Swimmers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Italy
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Swimmers at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
Swimmers at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Italian female backstroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 1979 Mediterranean Games
The Manitoban is the official student newspaper at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Published for the first time on November 5, 1914, the Toban, as it is called for short, is one of the oldest and largest (by circulation and budget) student newspapers in Canada.
The tabloid-sized paper is published monthly during the summer and every Wednesday during the regular Fall-Winter university session. The Manitoban is non-profit and is completely owned and operated by students.
During the fall and winter 10,000 copies of the Manitoban are printed on a weekly basis, and distributed extensively on both campuses of the University of Manitoba and throughout Winnipeg.
Notable past contributors include Marshall McLuhan, Marcel Dzama, Andrew Coyne, Nahlah Ayed, Graham Spry and Izzy Asper.
Editors-in-chief
The Manitoban starts advertising for the position of editor-in-chief (EiC) each February, and normally hires for the position at the beginning of March. EiCs are hired for a term position of 54 weeks, from May 1 to May 14, with the overlap intended to be used for the outgoing EiC to train their replacement.
EiCs are chosen by the Hiring Committee, made up of the paper's Editorial Board and two non-editor staff members. The hiring process consists of a written application, an editing test and an intensive in-person interview.
EiCs may hold the position for two consecutive years, but must be rehired by the Hiring Committee after their first term. Despite funding from the general student population, students who are not on the paper's staff do not participate in the selection of EiC.
The EiC is the head of the Manitoban and is responsible for organizing, editing and approving the paper's content. They are also tasked, in cooperation with the Business Manager, with hiring the staff each year. In addition to these responsibilities, the EiC is the chair of the Editorial Board and the president of the Manitoban Newspaper Publications Corporation.
Current and past EICs
Gillian Brown – current EiC
Ty Brass – 2021-22
Matthew Doering – 2020–21
Malak Abas – 2019–20
Garett Williams – 2017–19
Craig Adolphe – 2015–17
Fraser Nelund – 2014–15
Bryce Hoye – 2013–14
Ryan Harby – 2012–13
Leif Larsen – 2010–12
Kevin Doole – 2009–10
Tessa Vanderhart – 2007-09
Carson Jerema – 2006-07
Regan Sarmatiuk – 2005-06
Joel Trenaman – 2004-05
Bernice Pontanilla – 2001-02
Phil Koch – 2000-01
Kevin Matthews – 1999-00
Ed Janzen – 1997-99
Matt Lazowski – 1996-97
Jeff Oliver – 1996-96
Jeff Zuk – 1994-95
Alayne Armstrong – 1991-92
Paul Hayward – 1990-91
Eric Bertam – 1989-90
Elizabeth Bricknell – 1988-89
Mark Mignacca – 1987–1988
Editorial board
The Manitoban's editorial board meets on a weekly basis during the publishing season, deems what is fit to print in the paper and debates issues of policy. It is made up of editors, and two temporary members of the non editorial staff who are rotated out after three representatives meetings. The EiC is the chair of the editorial board, but only votes in the event of a tie.
See also
List of student newspapers in Canada
List of newspapers in Canada
References
External links
The Manitoban
Student newspapers published in Manitoba
University of Manitoba
Canadian University Press
Publications established in 1914
1914 establishments in Manitoba
Ortagol () is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 41 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Rhett Tyler Fisher (born May 22, 1980) is an American actor, singer, songwriter and record producer. As an actor, he is best known for playing Ryan Mitchell, the Titanium Ranger in Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue.
Songwriting discography and producing credits
“Would I Lie to You” by The Regos feat Rhett Fisher (2022) Enforce The Sound
“SUMMERTIME” by Genki Iwahashi (2022) Rookie
“Knew Me” by Melanie Injeyan (2022)
"Number One Guy" by Rhett Fisher (2022) Voyant
"Everything I Overcome" by Rhett Fisher (2022) Voyant
"Fearless" by Rhett Fisher (2022) Voyant
“Love Myself” by Rhapsody (2022) Dreamusic
“You Know What It's Like” by Salasnich feat Rhett Fisher (2022) Storm Music
“Futures Past” by Damian Breath feat Rhett Fisher (2022) Enforce the Sound
“ANO SORA WO HARASU TAMAENO LIST” by Rhapsody (2022) Dreamusic
“CHIISANA KAMISAMA” by Pink Flag (2022) Dreamusic
“NIJI WO OIKAKENAIKA” by Rhapsody (2022) Dreamusic
“Kenkon Itteki” by Haru No Jyujika (2022) Dreamusic
“Dai Ni Shou” by Pink Flag (2022) Dreamusic
“I Believe” by Sing 4 Rhaspody (2022) Dreamusic
“Tropical” by Chris River feat Rhett Fisher (2022) Enforce the Sound
“Skyline” by Damian Breath feat Rhett Fisher (2021) Enforce the Sound
“Lie To Me” by David Lenders feat Rhett Fisher (2021) Blanco y Negro Records
"Feeling Like Myself" (2021) Extreme Music
“All I See Is You” by Chris River & Pards feat Rhett Fisher (2021) Enforce the Sound
"I'll Never Back Down" feat. Malcom Rapwell (2021) Extreme Music
"With Me All Along" by Rhett Fisher (2021) Extreme Music
"Drink You Up" by Rhett Fisher (2021) Extreme Music
"Boys" by Rhett Fisher (2021) Extreme Music
“Kiss and Tell” by Salasnich feat Rhett Fisher (2021) Soave Records
“Heart Of Stone” by Dankann feat Rhett Fisher (2021) Enforce the Sound
"I'm On Top" by Rhett Fisher (2021) Juice Music
"Outta My Head" by Rhett Fisher (2021) Voyant
"Hold On" by Rhett Fisher (2021) Voyant APM Music
"Never Been Better" by Rhett Fisher (2021) Extreme Music
"Shake It Loose" by Rhett Fisher (2020) Extreme Music
"Electric Vibes" by Rhett Fisher (2020) Extreme Music
"Good Life" by Rhett Fisher (2020) Extreme Music
“Wild Fight” by Lead (2020) Pony Canyon
“Flashback” by Chris River & Pards feat Rhett Fisher (2020) Enforce the Sound
“Back To Life” by Project Dirty (2020) Project Dirty
“Dimensions” by Chris River & Pards feat Rhett Fisher (2020) Enforce the Sound
“Games” by Heather Cole (2020)
“Sleep Alone” by Mango Passion feat Rhett Fisher (2020)
“Do You Cry” by Mark Dright feat Rhett Fisher (2020) Wikolia Music
“Nights Like These” by Will Jay (2019) Notting Hill Music
“Lobby” by Alexis Lynn feat. Malaynah (2019)
"Started Here and Now" by Rhett Fisher (2019) Extreme Music
"Buckle Up" by Klave feat. Rhett Fisher, (2019) TGR Music Group, distributed by Sony Music Entertainment Sweden AB
"K.O.T.B." by Ksuke (2019) Warner Music Japan
"Over Getting You" by Annie LeBlanc (2019)
"Exhibition" (original title: Take Me Back) by LEAD (2019) FujiPacific Music
"Nothing's Gonna Hold Us Back" by Oovee feat. Rhett Fisher, (2018) Universal Music Italia
“Yakusoku No Basho” by Fearless (2018) Moving Factory
"Talking To Myself" by Salasnich & Rhett Fisher feat. Rhett Fisher, (2018) EGOMusic
"Summer Dreams" by Salasnich feat. Rhett Fisher, (2018) EGOMusic
“Radiant” by TANGRAM (2018) Banana Culture
"Be Free" by Stage Rockers feat. Rhett Fisher (2018) NoDefinition
"Getaway" by Asher Angel (2018) Disney
"Madness" by Chantelle Paige (2018) Revealed Recordings
"Insomnia" by Zigmeister feat. Rhett Fisher (2018) Space Born
"Summer Dreams" by Salasnich & Rhett Fisher feat. Rhett Fisher, (2018) EGOMusic
"In My DNA" by Rhett Fisher (2017) Extreme Music
"No Pressure" by Rhett Fisher (2017) Extreme Music
"Hooked On You" by Rhett Fisher (2017) Extreme Music
"Please Don't Love Me" by Rhett Fisher (2017) Extreme Music
"MAD" by Rhett Fisher (2017) Pendustry Music
"Summertime" by Rhett Fisher (2017) Pendustry Music
"Where The Stars Go" by Alex Milani feat. Rhett Fisher, (2017) Executiva Music
"Gasoline" by Tommy Fredvang (2016) daWorks
"All Alone" by Flatdisk feat. Rhett Fisher, (2016) Flamingo Recordings
"Get Down" by Oovee feat. Rhett Fisher, (2016) Universal Music Italia
"Tell Me No Lies" by Max Zotti & Luca Guerrieri feat. Rhett Fisher, (2016) D:vision Records
"Let It Go" by Delayers feat. Rhett Fisher, (2016) Universal Music Italia
"Don't Kill the Night" by Oovee & Flatdisk feat. Rhett Fisher, (2015) Universal Music Italia
"Let It Snow Let It Snow Let It Snow" by Francfranc feat. Rhett Fisher, (2015) Frog Music
"Not That Smart" by Heather Cole and Rayvon Owen, (2015)
"Dirty Blonde" by Diamante, (2015) Diamond Certified Records/XLP
"No Sexin' on the Beach" by Diamante, (2015) Diamond Certified Records/XLP
"Just in Time" by Project Dirty (2015)
"Firecracker" by Skylar Stecker, (2015) CherryTree/Interscope Records
"Rooftop" by Skylar Stecker, (2015) CherryTree/Interscope Records
"Boom Boom (feat. Sean Kingston)" by Dyllan Murray, (2014) Wild Oak Entertainment
"Trophy Girl" by Dyllan Murray, (2014) Wild Oak Entertainment
"Wake Up The Night" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Bite Your Kiss" by Diamante, (2014) Diamond Certified Records/XLP
"Skywalker" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Blue Fire" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Can't Stop Us" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Raise the Bar" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"End of the World" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"A Little Too Late" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Cut Me Like A Knife" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"HD Love" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Strobe Hearts" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Eye of the Storm" by Project Dirty, (2014)
"Little Bit Too Much" by Skylar Stecker, (2013)
"On The Record" by Cimorelli, (2013)
"Replay" by Kira Kosarin, (2013)
"Name in the Sky" by Project Dirty, (2013)
"Melt The Dance Floor" by J Rome, (2013) Hollywood/Disney Records
"Get You Off" by My Crazy Girlfriend, (2012)
"Boomerang" by Skee-lo (2012) Skee-lo Music/Whatevoak Ent.
"Knockout" by Project Dirty (2012)
"True Lies" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Wallpaper" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Soundtrack 4 Life" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Last Night" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Night Drive" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Frozen" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Escape" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Radio Love Song" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Crash" by Project Dirty (2012)
"Hit List" by Olivia Faye (2012)
"The Night Is Young" by Brooklyn Haley (2012) Parimore Music
"Boomerang" by Haley (2012) Parimore Music
"Leave Me My Pen" by Tino Coury, Album: Page One (2011) Eleventh Records
"RollerCoaster" by Project Dirty (2011)
"RollerCoaster Remix" by Project Dirty (2011)
"Holding On" by Project Dirty (2011)
"Addicted" by Project Dirty (2011)
"Black and Blue" by Project Dirty (2011)
"4th of July by Project Dirty (2011)
"The Fall" by Project Dirty (2011)
"S.E.X." by Project Dirty (2011)
"Upside Down" by Project Dirty (2011)
"Poisonous" by Project Dirty (2011)
"All Systems Go" by Project Dirty (2011)
"Senses" by Anoop Desai, Album: All Is Fair (2010)
"Because of You" by Tim, Album: New Beginnings (2010) Sony Music
"Liquid" by Tim, Album: New Beginnings (2010) Sony Music
"One Night" by Brandon Rogers, Album: Automatic (2008) Authentik Artists
"Call Me Back" by Brandon Rogers, Album: Automatic (2008) Authentik Artists
"Here I Am" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"On The Wall" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Mercy" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"No Tomorrow" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Kerosine Girl" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Dirty Star" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Closer" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Surrender" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Autumn's Song" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Blind Alibi" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"When Tears Collide" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Dissolve" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"Changes" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
"All She Wanted" by Manic Mind (2007) Free Music
Filmography
Film
Nightingale: A Melody of Life (2021)... (lyricist)/(playback singer)
Revenge of the Bimbot Zombie Killers (2014)... Jedediah
Boomerang (2012)... himself
Cup O' Joe (2004) .... Craig Jones
Micro Mini Kids (2001) (V) .... Spike
Television
Flashing Lives
Welcome to LA (2011) ... Brian Minks
In the Moment (2010) ... Promoter
Maybe It's Me
The Fever Episode (2002) .... Prince William
The Mini-Jerry Episode (2001) .... Prince William
Power Rangers Time Force
Time for Lightspeed (2001) .... Ryan Mitchell/Titanium Ranger
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue (2000) TV Series .... Ryan Mitchell/Titanium Ranger
The Fate of Lightspeed: Part 2 (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
The Fate of Lightspeed: Part 1 (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Rise of the Super Demons (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
Wrath of the Queen (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
In the Limelight (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
Web War (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
Neptune's Daughter (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
Olympius Unbound (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
Sorcerer of the Sands (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
The Last Ranger (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
Trakeena's Revenge: Part 2 (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
Ocean Blue (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
The Great Egg Caper (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
The Mighty Mega Battles (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
In the Freeze Zone (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
As Time Runs Out (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Yesterday Again (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
The Chosen Path (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
The Fifth Crystal (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
The Omega Project (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger (credit only)
The Queen's Return (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
A Face from the Past (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Olympius Ascends (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
The Cobra Strikes (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Strength of the Sun (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Curse of the Cobra (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Ryan's Destiny (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Truth Discovered (2000) ... Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
From Deep in the Shadows (2000) ... Titanium Ranger
Video games
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue (2000) .... Titanium Ranger
Music Department
Nightingale: A Melody of Life (2021)... (lyricist)/(playback singer)
As himself
Power Rangers (2014) Seasons 8-12: Pure Titanium (video documentary short)
That Hashtag Show (2014) (TV series)
The Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue Cast Takes a Quiz on Their Season (2014)
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue Cast Interview (Power Morphicon 2014) (2014)
That Hashtag Show Goes to Power Morphicon 2014 (2014)
SoCal Beat
Time Warner Cable (2014) .... singer of "Project Dirty"
Call It a Show
Talk Show (2013) .... House Band
Archive footage
Power Rangers Dino Thunder (TV series)
Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
Legacy of Power (2004) - Ryan Mitchell / Titanium Ranger
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
American male television actors
Male actors from Indianapolis
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, the population was 42,376. The county seat is Brownstown.
History
Jackson County was formed in 1816. It was named after General Andrew Jackson.
Jackson County was the site of the first recorded train robbery of a moving train in the United States. On October 6, 1866, the Reno Gang robbed an Ohio and Mississippi Railway train, making off with over $10,000.
Jackson County has the second longest 3-span covered bridge in the world; The Medora Covered Bridge. After a recent project to completely refurbish the Medora Covered Bridge, the nearby town of Medora now holds an annual event at the bridge. The bridge is open for pedestrian traffic and site-seers. Another long neglected covered bridge, the Bells Ford Bridge, believed to have been the last remaining Post Truss bridge in the world, succumbed to neglect, collapsing into the White River on January 2, 2006.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.10%) is land and (or 0.90%) is water.
Cities
Seymour
Towns
Brownstown
Crothersville
Medora
Census-designated places
Freetown
Vallonia
Other unincorporated places
Kurtz
Norman Station
Tampico
Uniontown
Townships
Brownstown
Carr
Driftwood
Grassy Fork
Hamilton
Jackson
Owen
Pershing
Redding
Salt Creek
Vernon
Washington
Adjacent counties
Brown County (north-northwest)
Bartholomew County (north-northeast)
Jennings County (east)
Scott County (southeast)
Washington County (south)
Lawrence County (west)
Monroe County (northwest)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
Interstate 65
U.S. Route 31
U.S. Route 50
State Road 11
State Road 39
State Road 58
State Road 135
State Road 235
State Road 250
State Road 256
State Road 258
National protected areas
Hoosier National Forest (part)
Muscatatuck National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Brownstown have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the fiscal body of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. The 7 representatives are elected from 4 county districts and 3 at-large positions. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of six years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Jackson County is part of Indiana's 9th congressional district and was represented in Congress by Republican Todd Young until Young was elected to the Senate. Since then, it has been represented by Trey Hollingsworth. It is also part of Indiana Senate districts 44 and 45 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 65, 66,69 and 73.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 42,376 people, 16,501 households, and 11,629 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 18,202 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.5% white, 0.8% Asian, 0.7% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.4% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.8% were German, 13.1% were American, 12.8% were Irish, and 9.2% were English.
Of the 16,501 households, 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.5% were non-families, and 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 38.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $53,534. Males had a median income of $38,608 versus $30,030 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,498. About 7.6% of families and 11.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
See also
The Tribune, daily newspaper covering Jackson County
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Indiana
External links
Jackson County Visitor Center
References
Indiana counties
1816 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1816
LUCID (Langton Ultimate Cosmic ray Intensity Detector) is a cosmic ray detector built by Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd and designed at Simon Langton Grammar School for Boys, in Canterbury, England. Its main purpose is to monitor cosmic rays using technology developed by CERN, and will help predict the occurrence of solar flares (proton storms) which disrupt artificial satellites. LUCID was launched on 8 July 2014 at Baikonur, Kazakhstan as an instrument of the satellite TechDemoSat-1, which was carried into space by a Soyuz-2 rocket.
Professor Larry Pinsky, Chair of Physics at the University of Houston, described the project in Symmetry Magazine as "like playing at being NASA or the European Space Agency, but they're not really playing. They're doing the real thing.”
Channel 4 News said of the LUCID project that "with this metal box, the school has outwitted NASA".
References
External links
Description of LUCID
From the Physics Lab to the Medical Industry to the Classroom: The Medipix Story
Cosmic-ray experiments
Gwere, or Lugwere, is the language spoken by the Gwere people (Bagwere), a Bantu people found in the eastern part of Uganda. It has a close dialectical resemblance to Soga and Ganda, which neighbour the Gwere.
Gwere, though closest in dialect to its eastern neighbours, also has many words similar to those used by tribes from the western part of Uganda.
For example, musaiza (a man) resembles mushiiza used by the western languages with the same meaning.
The Ruli, a somewhat distant people living in central Uganda, speak a language that has almost exactly the same words used in Lugwere, but with a very different pronunciation.
Orthography and alphabet
a - a - [ɑ]
aa - aa - [ɑː]
b - ba - [β]
bb - bba - [b]
c - ca - [c]
d - da - [d]
e - e - [e]
ee - ee - [eː]
f - fa - [f]
g - ga - [g]
i - i - [i]
ii - ii - [iː]
j - ja - [ɟ]
k - ka - [k]
l - la - [l]
m - ma - [m]
n - na - [n]
ny - nya - [ɲ]
ŋ - ŋa - [ŋ]
o - o - [o]
oo - oo - [oː]
p - pa - [p]
r - ra - [r]
s - sa - [s]
t - ta - [t]
u - u - [u]
uu - uu - [uː]
v - va - [v]
w - wa - [w]
y - ya - [j]
z - za - [z]
References
Languages of Uganda
Nyoro-Ganda languages
Charlotte Inez Pomerantz (July 24, 1930July 24, 2022) was an American children's writer and journalist.
Early life and education
Charlotte Inez Pomerantz was born on July 24, 1930, in Brooklyn, New York, to Phyllis (Cohen) and Abraham Pomerantz. She received a bachelor's degree from Sarah Lawrence College in 1953.
Personal life
Pomerantz married Carl Marzani on November 12, 1966. She died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on July 24, 2022, her 92nd birthday.
Work
Her 1975 story The Princess and the Admiral won a Jane Addams Children's Book Award. Pomerantz's story The Piggy in the Puddle appeared on Reading Rainbow in 1992.
Books published by Marzani & Munsell
A quarter-century of un-Americana: a tragico-comical memorabilia of HUAC (1963)
The mood of the nation (November 22–29, 1963)
Pamphlet published by the Labor Committee for Peace in Vietnam
The Unspeakable War: Dead End of a Colonial War 1940–1966 (1966)
Books for children
All Asleep (1984)
One Duck, Another Duck (1984)
How Many Trucks Can A Tow Truck Tow? (1987)
The Mousery (2000)
References
1930 births
2022 deaths
20th-century American women writers
American children's writers
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
Writers from Brooklyn
Five on the Floor is the fourth studio album released by the Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich in 2006. The album contains the singles "Sugod" (which was inspired by Juan Dela Cruz Band's Kahit Anong Mangyari), "Sunburn", "DVDX" and "Walang Kadala-Dala". This is the first album without Marc Abaya as lead vocalist of the band and the first featuring Mong Alcaraz as guitarist. The title of the album is a pun on the "four on the floor" disco beat.
Track listing
Personnel
Mike Dizon: Drums, Vocals, videocam
Myrene Academia: Bass, Vocals, Ps2
Diego Castillo: Guitars, Vocals, toys, allen pillows
Mong Alcaraz: Guitars, Vocals, iPod Video
Raimund Marasigan: Vocals, Guitars, Synths, Percs, Melodica
Album Credits
Recorded & Mixed by: Shinji Tanaka
Mastered by: Zach Lucero @ tweak
Album Packaging Design by: Inksurge.com
Keyboards, percs & additional tracks recorded at: the squid crib
Additional background Vocals: Francis Reyes, Nina, buds & Jasonic
References
Sandwich's EMI page
Five On The Floor EMI's Page
2006 albums
Sandwich (band) albums
Jeff Newman (January 7, 1942 – April 7, 2004) was an American country musician who played the pedal steel guitar. He was a veteran Nashville session player. Together with his wife, Fran, he operated the Jeffran College of Pedal Steel Guitar outside Nashville for many years. His "Top Gun" boot camp (one on one instruction for five days) was an exceptional learning experience. His instructional material remains available through Steel Guitars Canada and popular as of 2017. Newman was inducted into the International Steel Guitar Hall of Fame in 1999.
Career
He started a school for steel guitar players in Nashville Tennessee which carried his name. Newman said that The Jeffran College of Pedal Steel Guitar was the only school of its kind in the world.
Newman appeared on the cover of Steel Guitarist Magazine #3 in September 1979. The magazine called Newman, "Steel's Foremost Instructor".
Death
Newman was an airplane pilot, and he died on April 7, 2004 while trying to land an aircraft in Watertown, Tennessee. While he was attempting to land the plane it began spiraling and he lost control. He was the only person on the plane. Newman had a commercial pilot license and was piloting his Ultralight aircraft.
Discography
Music to Get C6th By; pedal steel instructional record, Jeffran Music, 1969
Steelin Feelin; pedal steel instructional record and book, Jeffran Music, 1970?
Slidin' Smoke (with dobro player Mike Auldridge), Rounder Records, 1978
Music To Steel By; pedal steel instructional record and book, Jeffran Music, 1969
References
External links
Jeffran College, Newman's instructional website
Steel Guitars Canada, Jeff's Instructional Material
Video Jeff Newman - Right Hand Alpha course sample
1942 births
2004 deaths
American country guitarists
American male guitarists
Pedal steel guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Shuran may refer to:
Shuran, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari
Shuran, Lorestan
Suran, Sistan and Baluchestan
Shuran, Tehran
Laomediidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the infraorder Gebiidea, within the order Decapoda.
It contains the following genera:
Jaxea Nardo, 1847
Laomedia De Haan, 1841
Naushonia Kingsley, 1897
Reschia Schweigert, 2009
Saintlaurentiella Paiva, Tavares & Silva-Neto, 2010
Strianassa Anker, 2020
References
Decapods
Decapod families
Malamorenò is a single by Italian pop singer Arisa, released 17 February 2010 by label Warner Music. It is part of the eponymous album Malamorenò.
"Malamorenò" is a Dixieland swing-styled pop song with a 1930s and 1940s-reminiscent melody talking about love, individualism and the end of the world. At the beginning of the song and about halfway through it there are brief shots of a Series 2 Lancia Appia, a nowadays very rare saloon car from the 1950s. The song was generally well received by the media in Italy, who praised its light and catchy melody alongside a more serious message. The song was first performed at the 60th edition of the Festival di Sanremo in 2010. It was a commercial success in Italy, peaking within the top ten at number four and being certified Platinum for downloads exceeding 30,000 copies; it also entered Swiss charts, reaching 61.
Charts
References
2010 songs
2010 singles
Sanremo Music Festival songs
Arisa songs
Warner Music Group singles
Songs written by Giuseppe Anastasi
The use of a Kids' Jury in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest was first introduced at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012, in Amsterdam, Netherlands, as part of a new voting system for the Junior Eurovision Song Contest following discussions between the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), KidsRights Foundation, and the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 host broadcaster Algemene Vereniging Radio Omroep (AVRO). Three of the four spokespersons who announced the jury points at each annual contest were former winners of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest. As of 2016, the results of each country's Kids' Jury have been integrated with the adult jury to give out two sets of 1–8, 10, and 12 points per country.
History
On 15 October 2012, it was announced by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), that for the first time in the contest's history a new "Kids' Jury" was being introduced into the voting system. The jury would consist of members aged between 10 and 15, and representing each of the participating countries competing in a contest. A spokesperson from the jury would then announce the points 1–8, 10 and the maximum 12 as decided upon by the jury members.
Sietse Bakker who was the Junior Eurovision Executive Supervisor at the time, in conjunction with members of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), KidsRights Foundation, and the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 host broadcaster Algemene Vereniging Radio Omroep (AVRO), held a press conference on 30 November 2012, in which further details were released in regards to the newly implemented "Kids' Jury". The spokesperson from the jury was the first to reveal the votes during the interval act of the live show. This gave a new dimension to the voting procedure, since the contest first began in .
In 2016, each country was represented by an adult jury and a kids jury. These results were combined to form the scores from each country.
Spokespersons
The table below lists each of the spokespersons who announced the Kids' Jury points at each annual contest.
Notes
1. Although the venue itself is located in Marsa, Malta, the Junior Eurovision Executive Supervisor, Vladislav Yakovlev stated on 18 December 2013 that there would be "no host city - but a host island".
See also
Voting in the Eurovision Song Contest – Information on the voting systems used throughout the history of the Eurovision Song Contest.
References
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Modern Pain is the debut album by Canadian country singer Corb Lund. Originally released in 1995, the album was re-released in 2003 after Lund's commercial breakthrough with the album Five Dollar Bill in 2002.
Track listing
Expectation and the Blues - 2:55
We Used to Ride 'em - 2:58
Untitled Waltz - 3:28
Your Game Again - 2:44
Owlsong - 2:10
La Souffrance des Gens - 3:11
Lament for Lester Cousins - 3:50
Lives of Attrition (The Best We Can Do) - 3:07
You and Your Creeping - 4:00
Heavy and Leaving - 3:19
Waste and Tragedy† - 3:28
Manyberries† - 2:41
Evil in Me† - 2:30
Hockey Song (live)† - 3:03
Sixteen Tons (live)† - 2:48
Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way (live)† - 3:25
†:Only on 2003 release
References
1995 debut albums
Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans albums
Outside Music albums
Sulluh is a river of northern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains of Mugulat (3298 metres above sea level), it flows southward to Giba River which empties finally in the Tekezé River. Future Lake Giba will occupy the plain where Sulluh, Genfel and Agula'i Rivers meet.
Hydrography
It is a confined river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with a slope gradient of 11 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Hydrology
Hydrological characteristics
The runoff footprint or annual total runoff volume is 133 million m³.
Peak discharges up to 338 m³ per second occur in the second part of the rainy season (month of August) when there are strong rains and the soils are saturated with water in many places.
The percentage of total rainfall that directly leaves the catchment as storm runoff (also called runoff coefficient) is 13%.
The total amount of sediment that is transported by this river amounts to 614,000 tonnes per year. Median sediment concentration in the river water is 2.93 grammes per litre, but may go up to 43 g/L. The highest sediment concentrations occur at the beginning of the rainy season, when loose soil and dust is washed away by overland flow and ends up in the river.
As such water contains many nutrients (locally it is called “aygi”), farmers estimate that it strengthens their cattle, which they will bring to the river. All in all, average sediment yield is 890 tonnes per km² and per year. All measurements were done at a purposively installed station near the mouth of the river, in the years 2004-2007.
Flash floods
Runoff mostly occurs in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow. These flash floods mostly occur during the evening or night, because the convective rain showers occur in the afternoon.
Changes over time
Evidence given by Italian aerial photographs of the catchment, taken in the 1930s show that 37% of the catchment was covered with woody vegetation (against 40% in 2014). This vegetation, and particularly the newly built conservation structures slow down runoff and impacts the runoff coefficient (9% in 1935 against 13% in 2014). As a consequence, discharges in the river were less than today.
Up to the 1980s, there was strong pressure on the environment, and much vegetation disappeared. This river had its greatest discharges and width in that period.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased in recent years due to interventions in the catchment. On other steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Irrigated agriculture
Besides springs and reservoirs, irrigation is strongly dependent on the river's baseflow. Such irrigated agriculture is important in meeting the demands for food security and poverty reduction. Irrigated lands are established in the narrow alluvial plains along the river in several places.
Transhumance towards the river gorge
The valley bottoms in the lower gorge of this river have been identified as a transhumance destination zone.
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Upper basalt
Interbedded lacustrine deposits
Lower basalt
Adigrat Sandstone
Edaga Arbi Glacials
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files.
Trek 23 also allows visiting the confluence of Sulluh and Genfel at Shugu'a Shugu'i.
In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed. Frequently, it is then also impossible to wade across the river.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Tigray Region
Dogu'a Tembien
The 22nd Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron was a part of the Eighth Air Force 7th Photographic Group that was activated in 1942 and based at Mount Farm England between 1943 and 1945.
Peterson Field
The unit was constituted by general orders on 14 July 1942 and activated on 2 September 1944 at was later to be known as Peterson Field in Colorado Springs as part of the 5th Photographic Group. The outfit existed essentially on paper until 21 December 1943 when 12 officers and 129 enlisted men were transferred from the 10th Photographic Reconnaissance and Training Squadron. The commanding officer was Capt. George A. Lawson. The Squadron left Colorado Springs on 17 May 1943 and traveled to England aboard the RMS Queen Mary.
Mount Farm
The Squadron arrived at the RAF Mount Farm airfield on 8 June 1943. The unit was equipped with Lockheed F-5 (P-38) Lightning photographic aircraft and the first mission was flown on 24 June 1943. The 22nd Reconnaissance Squadron was combined with the 13th Photographic Squadron and 14th Photographic Squadron, into the 7th Photographic Reconnaissance and Mapping Group that was activated on 7 July 1943.
In 1943, the 22nd was among the squadrons flying the first photoreconnaissance missions against Peenemünde.
During August and September 1945, personnel were transferred out of the 22nd squadron, some returning to the United States and others assigned to the Occupation Forces in Germany.
Equipment
The squadron used Lockheed P-38 Lightning aircraft photo-reconnaissance variant F-5 throughout the war. The F-5 and F-5A were used from the summer of 1943 until the summer of 1944 when F-5B, F-5C, and F-5E Lightnings were brought in. All P-38 Lightning variants were used for the remainder of the war.
Notable pilots
John H. Ross
References
022
Ohi Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 4.2 km2. The dam impounds about 18 ha of land when full and can store 1252 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1977 and completed in 1978.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1978 establishments in Japan
Charles Robert "Bob" Elliott (October 15, 1927 – October 14, 2013) was a municipal and provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1982 to 1993 sitting with the governing Progressive Conservative caucus.
Science career
Although born in Edmonton, Elliott grew up in Busby, Alberta.
He studied agriculture at the Vermillion School of Agriculture, now Lakeland College, and then at the University of Alberta. After completing his studies with a Ph.D. at the University of Saskatchewan, he began work at the Beaverlodge Research Station. There he developed a new variety of Creeping Red Fescue, a grass that he named Boreal in tribute to the North. He also developed two varieties of clover.
Political career
Bob Elliott served as Mayor of Beaverlodge, Alberta, from 1971 to 1977.
Elliott ran for a seat to the Alberta Legislature for the first time in the 1982 Alberta general election. He won the Grande Prairie electoral district easily, defeating five other candidates to hold it for the governing Progressive Conservatives. Elliot was re-elected to his second term in the 1986 Alberta general election. His majority of votes was reduced, but he still won a solid majority defeating three other candidates.
He ran for his final term in the 1989 Alberta general election. His popular vote would again drop but he still won well over 50 per cent of the vote. During his time in office, he worked to extend Highway 40 from Grande Prairie to Grande Cache, and for funding for hospitals in the smaller centres in his constituency.
Personal life
Elliott had many hobbies and interests, including playing clarinet and drawing. He was married to his wife Beryl for 58 years, and they have a daughter Marjorie, and two grandchildren Harley and Shelby.
He died in Richmond, British Columbia, one day before his 86th birthday, in 2013.
References
External links
Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing
1927 births
2013 deaths
Politicians from Edmonton
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta MLAs
Suchodoły may refer to the following places:
Suchodoły, Krasnystaw County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Suchodoły, Kraśnik County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Suchodoły, Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Suchodoły, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Suchodoły, Gmina Kętrzyn in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Suchodoły, Gmina Srokowo in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Hughley is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains four listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, one is at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Hughley and the surrounding countryside. The listed buildings are all in the village, and consist of a church, a former smithy, and two houses.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
The Palawan bearcat (Arctictis binturong whitei), also commonly known as the Palawan binturong, is a subspecies of the binturong, a mammal in the family Viverridae. It is endemic to the island of Palawan in the Philippines.
Description
The Palawan binturong can grow to as much as . Distinguishing characteristics are the ears that are lined with white fur, and long, white whiskers that can be as long as the length of its head. Generally docile when handled, the bearcat nevertheless has sharp claws and teeth that can easily rip through flesh. It can suspend itself by curling its strong prehensile tail around branches. Its vertically oriented pupil indicates that it is a nocturnal animal. It has coarse, thick black-brown fur.
Biology
The Palawan binturong inhabits tropical rainforest habitat. It is an omnivore, feeding on fruit, small animals, and carrion.
Conservation
This subspecies is harvested for the pet trade. In the south of its range it is also taken for human consumption.
References
Mammals of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Fauna of Palawan
Viverrids
Henry Ashby Turner, Jr. (April 4, 1932 – December 17, 2008) was an American historian of Germany who was a professor at Yale University for over forty years. He is best known for his book German Big Business and the Rise of Hitler (1985) in which he challenged the common theory that industrialists in Germany were the Nazi Party's most influential supporters.
Life and career
Turner was born in Atlanta, Georgia, and attended public schools in Maryland. He received his B.A. from Washington and Lee University in 1954 and spent the 1954-1955 academic year as a Fulbright scholar at the University of Munich and the Free University of Berlin in Germany. In the fall of 1955, Turner began graduate study at Princeton University. He completed his M.A. in 1957 and his Ph.D. in 1960 under the supervision of Gordon A. Craig.
Turner was hired by Yale University as an instructor in history in 1958. He was elevated to assistant professor in 1961, associate professor in 1964 and professor in 1971. From 1976 to 1979 he was chairman of the Yale History Department. During his career he held a number of endowed chairs in history at Yale and trained numerous graduate students in modern German history. From 1981 to 1991, Turner also served as Master of Davenport College, one of 12 residential colleges at Yale.
Turner retired in 2002 as the Stillé Professor of History. His papers are housed in the Manuscripts and Archives Division of Sterling Memorial Library at Yale . He died from complications from melanoma on December 17, 2008, at Yale-New Haven Hospital.
Scholarship
In his essay "Fascism and Modernization" from the book Reappraisals of Fascism, following the arguments first made by David Schoenbaum, Turner argued National Socialism sought the total destruction of modern industrial society and its replacement with an agrarian society. Germans would obtain that land, or Lebensraum, in Eastern Europe, where German colonists would settle and reduce the indigenous Slavic people to slaves. However, to accomplish these goals the Nazis, despite the nature against modernism of their ideology, were forced to modernize German society further. Turner called Nazi anti-modernism a "double" form of utopianism in that it was a vision that was both impractical and unachievable.
Turner is best known for his book German Big Business and the Rise of Hitler, published in 1985, in which he rebutted the claim that it was German big business which primarily financed and otherwise promoted the attainment of power by Adolf Hitler. Turner argued that the extent of business support for Hitler and his NSDAP had been much exaggerated. On the basis of careful examination of unpublished records of major German corporations and of the party, Turner concluded that the bulk of the Nazis' funds during their rise came from their party's members and other ordinary Germans. The principal political recipients of big business funding were the traditional center-right parties: the German People's Party and the German National People's Party. The only election campaign in which big business contributed significant amounts of money to the Nazis was the March 5, 1933 election, after the Nazis had already assumed power.
Despite this, Turner concludes that Hitler endorsed the "liberal principle of competition" and private property during his rule, if only "he could distort them into his social Darwinist view of economic life."
In Turner's view, the Third Reich was a possible but by no means inevitable result of German history, thus leading Turner to oppose the Sonderweg thesis. Turner contended that the acquisition of power by Adolf Hitler was heavily influenced by contingency and that military rule was a viable alternative to the Third Reich. In his 1996 book Hitler's Thirty Days To Power: January 1933, he maintained that it was the actions of a few individuals, such as German president Paul von Hindenburg and chancellors Franz von Papen and Kurt von Schleicher, which enabled Hitler to come to power through semilegal means. Political incompetence and personal rivalry between Papen and Schleicher ultimately led to Hitler's being appointed chancellor of Germany by President Hindenburg on January 30, 1933 although he had never won a majority in a national election.
Turner's General Motors and the Nazis (2005) examined the history during the Third Reich of Adam Opel AG, the German subsidiary of General Motors.
Works
Stresemann and the Politics of the Weimar Republic, Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1963.
Nazism and the Third Reich, New York: Quadrangle Books, 1972
Faschismus und Kapitalismus in Deutschland, Goettingen: Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, 1972
Reappraisals of Fascism (editor), New York: New Viewpoints, 1975.
Hitler aus nächster Nähe: Aufzeichnungen eines Vertrauten 1929-1932 (editor), Frankfurt/M, Berlin, Vienna: Ullstein, 1978.
German Big Business and the Rise of Hitler, New York: Oxford University Press, 1985, translated as Die Grossunternehmer und der Aufstieg Hitlers, Berlin: Siedler Verlag, 1985.
Hitler: Memoirs of a Confidant (editor), New Haven: Yale University Press, 1985.
The Two Germanies since 1945, New Haven: Yale University Press, 1987, revised as
Germany from Partition to Reunification, New Haven: Yale University Press, 1992.
Geissel des Jahrhunderts: Hitler und seine Hinterlassenschaft, Berlin: Siedler Verlag, 1989.
Hitler's Thirty Days to Power: January 1933, Reading, Mass.: Addison-Wesley, 1996.
General Motors and the Nazis: The Struggle for Control of Opel, Europe's Biggest Carmaker, New Haven: Yale University Press, 2005.
Endnotes
External links
Hitler Could Have Been Stopped Review of Hitler's Thirty Days to Power by David Frum
Hitler's Thirty Days to Power: January 1933 by John J. Reilly
Henry Ashby Turner, Jr. Papers (MS 1691). Manuscripts and Archives, Yale University Library.
1932 births
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Historians of Europe
Historians of Nazism
Yale University faculty
2008 deaths
Deaths from melanoma
Writers from Atlanta
Washington and Lee University alumni
Princeton University alumni
Historians from Georgia (U.S. state)
20th-century American male writers
Pierre Doré (Auratus) (c.1500 – 19 May 1559) was a French Dominican theologian and controversialist.
Life
Doré was born at Orléans. He entered the Dominican Order in 1514 and won his degrees at Paris, in 1532. Though elected to the office of prior at Blois in 1545, Doré continued to preach throughout the provinces.
At Châlons the bishop, impressed by his eloquence, entrusted him with the reform of the Carthusian monastery of Val des Choux (Vallis Caulium). For the same reason, Claude de Lorraine, Duke of Guise, and his consort, Antoinette de Bourbon, chose him as confessor. He died in Paris.
Works
He wrote thirty-five ascetico-theological works, which may be redactions of sermons. Chief among This is "Les voies du Paradis enseignees par notre Sauveur Jesus-Christ en son evangile", which appeared twice at Lyon in 1538 (Paris, 1540; Lyon, 1586; Rome, 1610).
In his "Paradoxa ad profligandas haereses ex divi Pauli epistolis selecta", he wrote against the Huguenots, but soon turned to writing ascetical commentaries on the Psalms. When Henry II of France entered Paris in 1548, Doré wrote a Latin ode which won for him the post of court preacher and royal confessor.
His defence of the Eucharist appeared in 1549, and two years later he published two other apologies on the same subject and another on the Mass. At the same time he prepared his defence of the Faith in three volumes, as also another attack on the Calvinists. He closed his literary career with two works on Justification.
Though Doré used the French vernacular very loosely, and indulged in far-fetched descriptions, which Rabelais (Pantagruel, ch. xxii) ridicules, his works were both original and orthodox. They include literal translations of the Eucharistic hymns of Thomas Aquinas, his Latin poems, and the Office for a Feast of St. Joseph, which he composed at the command of Pope Paul III.
References
Attribution
1500 births
1559 deaths
French Dominicans
16th-century French Catholic theologians
Salomon is a masculine given name. Bearers include:
Salomon of Cornwall, a fifth century warrior prince
Salomon, King of Brittany (died 874)
Salomon II (died after 1809), Emperor of Ethiopia from 1777 to 1779
Salomon Gessner (1730–1788), Swiss painter, graphic artist, government official, newspaper publisher and poet
Salomon Heine (1767–1844), Hanoverian merchant and banker in Hamburg
Salomon Kalou (born 1985), Ivorian footballer
Salomon Koninck (1609–1656), Dutch painter and engraver
Salomón Libman (born 1984), Peruvian footballer
Salomon Maimon (1753–1800), Lithuanian Jewish philosopher
Salomon Mesdach (c. 1600–1632), Dutch painter
Salomon Morel (1919–2007), Polish Jewish officer and commander of communist concentration camps, accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity
Salomón Nazar (born 1953), Honduran retired football goalkeeper
Salomon Olembé (born 1980), Cameroonian former footballer
Salomon Oppenheim (1772–1828), German Jewish banker
Salomón Rondón (born 1989), Venezuelan footballer
Salomon Mayer von Rothschild (1774–1855), German-born banker in the Austrian Empire, son of Mayer Amschel Rothschild
Salomon van Ruysdael (c. 1602–1670), Dutch landscape painter
Salomon Smolianoff (1899–1976), Russian Jewish counterfeiter and Holocaust survivor
Masculine given names
Buriti de Goiás is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Location and Communications
Distance to regional center (São Luís de Montes Belos): 58 km.
Highway connections are made by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, Santa Bárbara de Goiás, São Luís de Montes Belos, and then 58 kilometers northeast to Buriti de Goiás. Neighboring municipalities are Córrego do Ouro, Fazenda Nova, Novo Brasil, Goiás, Mossâmedes, and Sanclerlândia.
The municipality contains part of the Serra Dourada State Park, created in 2003.
Demographics
Population density in 2007: 11.23 inhabitants/km2
Population growth rate 2000-2007: -2.43.%
Urban population in 2007: 1,487
Rural population in 2007: 751
Eligible voters in 2007: 2638
City government in 2007: mayor (Altamiro Antônio da Silva), vice-mayor (José Sérgio Magno), and 09 councilpersons
Income distribution: In 823 households, 407 earned less than one minimum salary in 2000.
Economy
The economy is based on cattle raising, agriculture and small transformation industries. In 2006 there were 24,000 head of cattle, including 3,570 head of milking cows. There was modest production of rice, bananas, coconut, papaya, manioc, corn, and hearts of palm.
Health and education
Infant mortality in 2000: 24.88
Hospitals: 01 with 14 beds (2007)
Literacy rate: 86.8 in 2000
Schools: 03 in 2006
Students: 765
Higher education: none in 2006
MHDI: 0.731
State ranking: 142 (out of 242 municipalities)
National ranking: 2396 (out of 5507 municipalities)
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Highway distances from Goiânia
Municipalities in Goiás
Jillian Fiona Banfield (born Armidale, Australia) is Professor at the University of California, Berkeley with appointments in the Earth Science, Ecosystem Science and Materials Science and Engineering departments. She leads the Microbial Research initiative within the Innovative Genomics Institute, is affiliated with Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and has a position at the University of Melbourne, Australia. Some of her most noted work includes publications on the structure and functioning of microbial communities and the nature, properties and reactivity (especially crystal growth) of nanomaterials.
Early life and education
Banfield was educated at the Australian National University where she completed her bachelor's and master's degrees (1978–1985) both examining granite weathering. She attributes her initial interest in geomicrobiology to Dr Tony Eggleton who drew her attention to processes at the earth's surface, mineral weathering and the regolith.
Banfield graduated with a PhD in Earth and Planetary Sciences from Johns Hopkins University for high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM) studies of metamorphic reactions supervised by David R. Veblen.
Career and research
Banfield is an earth scientist who studies the structure, functioning and diversity of microbial communities in natural environments and the human microbiome. Her laboratory and collaborators pioneered the reconstruction of genomes from natural ecosystems and community metaproteomic analyses. Through genomics, her group has provided insights into previously unknown and little known bacterial and archaeal lineages, leading to a new rendition of the Tree of Life. She has conducted extensive research on natural and synthetic nanomaterials, exploring the impacts of particle size on their structure, properties and reactivity. Her lab described the oriented attachment-based mechanism for growth of nanoparticles and its implications for development of defect microstructures. She has also studied microorganism-mineral interactions, including those that lead to production of nanomaterials.
Banfield was a Fulbright Student in Medicine from the Australian National University to Johns Hopkins University in 1988, and a Mac Arthur Fellow in 1999. She has been a professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1990 to 2001 and the University of Tokyo (1996–1998). Since 2001, she has been a researcher and professor at the University of California Berkeley where she heads the geomicrobiology program and works as a researcher at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Her research as of 2021 spans field sites in Northern California to Australia and covers subjects at the intersection of microbiology and geosciences, including genome-resolved metagenomics, genome editing tool development, astrobiology and microbial carbon capture.
The Banfield lab studies microbial communities in terrestrial ecosystems, including soils, sediments and groundwater, as well as the human environment (human microbiome and the built environment). Topics of current interest include the process of microbial colonization, organism interdependencies, diversity and microbial evolution. This research includes consideration of microbial impacts on mineral dissolution and precipitation and the structure and reactivity of finely particulate nanomaterials and clays that are abundant and important in earth's near-surface environments.
Research exploring microbial diversity and metabolic capacities draws heavily on genome-resolved metagenomic methods coupled to tools that provide insight into function in situ (proteomics, transcriptomics, and metabolomics). In fact, the Banfield lab led the first research that achieved reconstruction of draft genomes from shotgun sequence information (metagenomics, also described as community genomics) as well as the first community (meta)proteomic studies of microbial communities (2004 and 2005, respectively). The combined approaches have been used to investigate many aspects of ecosystem function, including microbial impacts on the carbon, sulfur, nitrogen, iron and hydrogen cycles. Emphasis is placed on analysis of reconstructed genomes because these provide detailed information about genetic potential, with strain resolution, without reliance on laboratory isolation of the organisms or the need for sequences from related (but potentially metabolically distinct) species.
Studies conducted in an underground research facility in Japan are relevant for predicting the implications of microbial activity for the safety of geological disposal of high-level radionuclide wastes. Research conducted at Crystal Geyser (Green River, Utah) probes the potential for subsurface microbial communities to take up CO2 that could leak from CO2 sequestration sites, should such storage be pursued to limit CO2 contamination of the atmosphere from burning of fossil fuels. Research on the sediments and aquifer fluids at a site adjacent to the Colorado River near Rifle, Colorado, targets knowledge gaps related to how subsurface microbial communities are structured, respond to changes in environmental conditions, and influence the chemical form and reactivity of contaminants such as vanadium, selenium, arsenic and uranium. Important outcomes of this work include the first descriptions of hundreds of little known or previously unknown organisms, including those from massive groups of uncultivated bacteria (now referred to as the Candidate Phyla Radiation) and archaea.
Honors and awards
2018 Elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS).
2017 V.M. Goldschmidt Award, Geochemical Society
2015 Elected to the Australian Academy of Science (International Member)
2015 Honor doctorate, Ben Gurion University, Israel
2013 Award of Dr. sch. h.c. ETH Zurich, Switzerland
2011 L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science: North American Laureate
2011 Benjamin Franklin Medal in Earth and Environmental Science of the Franklin Institute
2010 Dana Medal of the Mineralogical Society of America
2007 Elected Fellow, The Geochemical Society
2007 ASM Division Q Lecturer (Environmental and General Applied Microbiology)
2006 Elected Fellow, American Academy of Microbiology
2006 Elected to the National Academy of Sciences
2005 Pioneer Lecturer, Clay Minerals Society, June 2005
2005 Rosenqvist Lecturer, Norway, May 2005
2000 Inaugural NSF Earth Science Week Lecturer
2000 Gast Lecturer, Geochemical Society
2000 John Simon Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship
2000 Marion L. and Christie M. Jackson Award of the Clay Minerals Society
1999 Fellow through 2004 MacArthur Foundation
1999 Faculty Achievement Award, UW-Madison
1999 D.A. Brown Medal, Australian National University
1998 H.I. Romnes Faculty Fellowship UW Madison
1997 Mineralogical Society of America Award
1988 Fulbright Scholar in Medicine at Johns Hopkins University
References
Living people
Australian expatriates in the United States
Australian women geologists
Australian microbiologists
Geomicrobiologists
UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty
Australian National University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
MacArthur Fellows
Women microbiologists
Benjamin Franklin Medal (Franklin Institute) laureates
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science laureates
21st-century American women scientists
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Evolutionary biologists
Women evolutionary biologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
1959 births
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Kindred the Family Soul, also referred to as simply Kindred, are an American neo soul duo consisting of married couple Fatin Dantzler (born in 1973 in Camden, New Jersey) and Aja Graydon (born September 25, 1978 in Los Angeles, California). Signed to Hidden Beach Recordings, Kindred emerged from the Philadelphia neo soul movement that also includes Jill Scott, who introduced them to her then label president Steve McKeever of Hidden Beach Recordings while the couple was performing at the Black Lily Showcase in Philly weekly back in 2000. Kindred would go on to sign their first recording contract with the label.
After two years of work on the CD, Hidden Beach issued their debut album Surrender to Love in February 2003, which included the single "Far Away". Their follow-up album was 2005's In This Life Together—its title being a reference to Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee's 1998 book With Ossie & Ruby: In This Life Together—, spawning the single "Where Would I Be (The Question)".
The duo were nominated for a Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Album, Group Band or Duo for Surrender to Love in 2004 and a BET Award for the BET J Cool Like That Award in 2006. The group's third LP, The Arrival, was released on October 21, 2008. In 2011 the group released the LP Love Has No Recession, which featured many guest artists including the late Chuck Brown, Snoop Dogg, Raheem Devaughn, BJ the Chicago Kid, and Bilal. That record spawned the top 40 Urban AC single "Magic Happens". In 2014, the group released A Couple Friends. In 2016, they released Legacy Of Love which includes the hit single “All My People”. Kindred is currently preparing to release new Music in the year 2020 also hugely focused on their interview and performing series Kindred Presents. In 2021, they released "Auntie & Unc" which features their single "Break It Down".
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
External links
Kindred the Family Soul on the Hidden Beach Recordings website
African-American musicians
African-American musical groups
Contemporary R&B duos
American musical duos
Married couples
Family musical groups
Musical groups established in 2002
American neo soul singers
Musical groups from Philadelphia
American soul musical groups
2002 establishments in Pennsylvania
Ballad music groups
Male–female musical duos
Coy Pereira (1919-2005) was a Netherlands based guitarist and steel guitarist originally from Batavia in the Dutch East Indies. He was a member of the Kilima Hawaiians and had recorded with the Mena Moeria Minstrels as well as having work released under his own name. He is said to be in the same class of fellow steel guitarists, George de Fretes and Rudi Wairata.
Biography
Coy Pereira was born on October 22, 1919 in Batavia. He started playing at age 13. He and his wife Hetty had three children. In 1960, he moved to the Netherlands.
In later years he and his wife moved to a retirement village in a Rotterdam suburb. He died in hospital on April 12, 2005, aged 86.
His daughter Rosy born 1951 is a recording artist, having recorded in the 1970s and 1980s. His son Richard was a guitarist with the Dutch group called The Thunderbolts.
Career
Around 1933, while in his teens in the Dutch East Indies, he was playing Hawaiian steel guitar in bands such as the Hawaiian Big Boys, the Hula Players and the Aloha Players. Around 1945, he was in bands such as the Candy Rhythmics, Manuella Boys, the Hawaiian Novalties and Pemuda Meluka. He also played in a Crontjong music band called Ramé Dendang.
In 1960, he came to the Netherlands. Not long after he arrived, he was contacted by Bill Buysman of the Kilima Hawaiians. Having just lost Rudi Wairata, he invited Pereira to join the group. He stayed with the group for a while and made some recordings with them. Later he left to find work in a Rotterdam office and was replaced by steel guitarist Frans Doolaard.
In 1962, he contributed steel guitar to recordings by the now Ming Luhulima led Mena Moeria Minstrels which ended up on their Marching With The Mena Moeria Minstrels extended play. These included "Waikiki Beach March" and "Polynesian March". These were from two previous singles the group had recorded. He also played on their "Ambon March" / "Tahiti March" single which was released in 1963.
Around 1967, he rejoined the Kilima Hawaiians. His album Sentimental Steel Guitarist of The Kilima Hawaiians released on Maple in 1981 included songs such as "Hula Blues", "Ina Ne Keke", "Blue Hawaii" and "I'm Getting Sentimental Over You". Over the years, he stayed with the Kilima Hawaiians while balancing his administration job. He was still playing with the group even after he retired.
Coy Pereira discography
LP albums
Wanda, Coy Pereira - Krontjong Herinneringen II - Polydor – 236 806
Coy Pereira with the Kilima Hawaiians - Sentimental Steel Guitarist Of The Kilima Hawaiians - Sweet Sweet Steel Guitar Series – No. 9 - Maple MA-1009 - (1981)
CD albums
Coy Pereira - Golden Collection Coy Pereira - Guitar - Koch International 322 847
Coy Pereira - Golden Collection Coy Pereira - Steel guitar - Hotline 480.0122 - (1988)
Frans Doolaard, Coy Pereira, Frans van Oirschot - Steelguitars in Love - CNR 100.216 - (1988)
Coy Pereira All-Time Favourites Steelguitar DGR - (2009)
Various artist compilation
CD albums
Golden Collection Sampler - CNR 480.041-2 - (1992) Track: "Save The Last Dance For Me"
Appears on
Singles
The Mena Moeria Minstrels - "Polynesian March" / "Maori March" - Omega 35.340 - (1962)
& The Mena Moeria Minstrels - "Ambon March" / "Tahiti March" - Omega 35.384 - (1962)
The Mena Moeria Minstrels - "Hawaii March" / "Samoa March" - Omega 35.385 - (1962)
Extended play
The Mena Moeria Minstrels o.l.v. Ming Luhulima - Sologitaar: Coy Pereira - Marching With The Mena Moeria Minstrels"Waikiki Beach March", "Bongo March" / "Polynesian March", "Maori March" - Omega 145.559 - (1962)
LP albums
The Kilima Hawaiians - Rhythm Of The Islands - CBS S 52525 - (1968)
The Kilima Hawaiians - Tropical Breeze - CBS S 52685 - (1969)
The Kilima Hawaiians - Hawaii Tattoo - CBS S 52802 - (1970)
The Kilima Hawaiians - De Roos Van Honolulu - CBS S 53042 - (1973) (compilation)
De Kilima Hawaiians - 14 Krontjong Liedjes - Artone BDJ S-1629 - (1974)
Kilima's - De Stille Kracht Van 40 Jaar Kilima's, 14 Krontjong Melodiën - Golden Lion Records V 15005 - (1976)
The Kilima Hawaiians - Golden Greats Of The Kilima Hawaiians - Bovema Negram 5N 028-26155 - (1979)
The Kilima Hawaiians - The Best Of The Kilima Hawaiians - Music For Pleasure 1A022-58005 - (1980)
CD albums
The Kilima Hawaiians - Rhythm Of The Islands & Hawaii Tattoo - CBS CBS 462641 2 - (1989)
Writing and arrangement
LP album
& The Kalua's - Hawaiian Hits - GIP – 33.042, Dureco – 33.042 - (1970) - Arrangement on tracks: "Mountain Song", "Heavenly Island"
Compact disc album
Kilima Hawaiians - Royal Hawaiian Minstrels - BSP 507, BSP 9202 - Composer on track: "Koleh Koleh"
References
1919 births
2005 deaths
Indonesian musicians
Dutch guitarists
Dutch male guitarists
Pedal steel guitarists
Steel guitarists
Indo people
Indonesian emigrants to the Netherlands
People from Batavia, Dutch East Indies
20th-century guitarists
20th-century Dutch male musicians
Hansruedi Schneider (born 22 December 1926) is a Swiss former sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1926 births
Possibly living people
Swiss male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Switzerland
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the canton of Bern
Steven Stafford Kamwendo is a Malawian politician. He was Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2010.
Steven Stafford Kamwendo is a Malawi politician who is serving as a member of parliament in the Malawi National Assembly. He became a Member of Parliament in May 2009 and served in the late Dr. Bingu wa Mutharika's Cabinet between 2009 and 2011. He was appointed Deputy Minister for Ministry for Industry and Trade in May 2009. He was born on 30 November 1966 in a village called Kansadzu in the Ntcheu District in the Central Region of Malawi. In August 2010, Stevin Stafford Kamwendo was appointed Deputy Minister for the Ministry for Foreign Affairs following a cabinet reshuffle. He holds a bachelor's degree in Agriculture from the University of Malawi, Bunda College. Prior to his political career, He worked for European Union Projects in the Ministry of Agriculture in the Government of Malawi from 1997 to 2000 and again from 2006 to 2009. He also worked for Chemicals and Marketing Company as a Marketing and Sales Manager from 2004 to 2006. He also worked as part of the lead team in the establishment of Food Security Programmes for International Eye Foundation from 1995 to 1997 and CARE International from 1997 to 1999 respectively.
References
Government ministers of Malawi
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rosalind Keith (December 6, 1916 – February 24, 2000) was an American film actress.
After making 18 films for Columbia and Paramount, she became a singer billed as Rosalind Courtright.
Filmography
References
Bibliography
Larry Langman & Daniel Finn. A Guide to American Crime Films of the Thirties. Greenwood Press, 1995.
External links
1916 births
2000 deaths
American film actresses
20th-century American actresses
Jules Joseph (Joseph) Descamps (25 October 1820 – 12 March 1892) was a Belgian Liberal politician. He was a member of the Belgian parliament for the constituency of Ath and served as President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 22 March 1881 until 17 May 1884.
Sources
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussels, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 228.
1820 births
1892 deaths
People from Ath
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
The Mourning Mothers (also known as the Mothers of Laleh Park) are a group of Iranian women whose spouses or children were killed by government agents in the protests following the disputed Iranian presidential election of 2009. The group also includes relatives of victims of earlier human rights abuses, including mass executions during the 1980s. The principal demand of the Mourning Mothers is government accountability for the deaths, arrests, and disappearances of their children. The mothers meet on Saturdays in Laleh Park in Tehran, and are often chased by the police and arrested.
The Mourning Mothers have called for the revocation of death sentences for political prisoners, the release of prisoners of conscience, and trials of "those who were responsible for and who ordered their children's murders." In 2009, Iranian Nobel Laureate Shirin Ebadi urged women around the world to show solidarity with the Mourning Mothers by wearing black and meeting in neighborhood parks on Saturdays from 7 to 8 pm.
Arrests and imprisonment
On January 9, 2010, more than thirty Mourning Mothers were arrested by security agents at Laleh Park. According to eyewitnesses, the mothers were attacked by over 100 police and plainclothes agents, who violently forced the mothers into police vans. These arrests were widely condemned by human rights organizations. The mothers were released from prison on January 14, 2010.
On December 27, 2011, group member Zhila Karamzadeh-Makvandi was arrested and sentenced to two years in Evin Prison for "founding an illegal organization" and "acting against state security". Amnesty International protested her imprisonment, designating her a prisoner of conscience "held solely for her peaceful activities as a member of the Mothers of Laleh Park". On April 4, 2012, group member Mansoureh Behkish was informed she was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for her activities with the group. Another member, Leyla
Seyfollahi, and a male supporter, Nader Ahsani, were sentenced to two years' imprisonment apiece, but had not yet been summoned to begin their sentences.
See also
Ladies in White
Mothers of Khavaran
Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo
Saturday Mothers
Iranian women
List of famous Persian women
List of peace activists
Intellectual movements in Iran
Persian women's movement
Islamic feminism
Sohrab Aarabi
References
Iranian women activists
Iranian human rights activists
Human rights organisations based in Iran
Motherhood
Tehran
Women's organisations based in Iran
IC 1574 is an irregular galaxy 17 million light-years from Earth. It is a member of the Sculptor Group, a group of galaxies near the Local Group. It was discovered by DeLisle Stewart in 1899.
References
Cetus (constellation)
1574
Irregular galaxies
Sculptor Group
Shift is the seventh studio album by Australian punk rock band The Living End, released in May 2016. It was produced by Paul Annison and recorded at Red Door Sounds in Melbourne, Australia.
Track listing
All tracks are written by Chris Cheney, except where noted.
Personnel
The Living End
Chris Cheney – vocals, guitar
Scott Owen – double bass, backing vocals
Andy Strachan – drums, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Anton Patzner and Lewis Patzner - strings on 'Keep On Running'
Production
Paul 'Woody' Annison - production, mixing
Chris Cheney – production
Will Bowden - mastering
Daniel Caswell - engineer
Artwork
Next Episode - art direction, layout
Kane Hibberd - photography
Tour
Charts
References
2016 albums
The Living End albums
Dew Process albums
The 1931–32 season was the 40th season of The Football League.
Final league tables
The tables and results below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season. From the 1922–23 season on re-election was required of the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Wigan Borough resigned mid-season and folded; their record was expunged. Their results are listed for informational purposes.
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1931–32 in English football
1931 in association football
1932 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1931–32 in English football leagues
In algebraic geometry, the Behrend function of a scheme X, introduced by Kai Behrend, is a constructible function
such that if X is a quasi-projective proper moduli scheme carrying a symmetric obstruction theory, then the weighted Euler characteristic
is the degree of the virtual fundamental class
of X, which is an element of the zeroth Chow group of X. Modulo some solvable technical difficulties (e.g., what is the Chow group of a stack?), the definition extends to moduli stacks such as the moduli stack of stable sheaves (the Donaldson–Thomas theory) or that of stable maps (the Gromov–Witten theory).
References
.
Geometry
Demetris Christofi (; born 28 September 1988) is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as a winger for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta.
Career
Christofi is a winger who also plays as a centre-forward or second striker. He is highly regarded for his strong shot. He was considered one of the most promising young players in Cyprus. His transfer from Enosis Neon Paralimni to Omonia was the most expensive transfer in the history of Cypriot football, reaching a reported cost of €1 million.
On 31 May 2017, Omonia announced the renewal of Christofi's contract until 2021.
On 31 January 2020, Anorthosis sign with Christofi until 2021.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Cyprus' goal tally first.
Honours
AC Omonia
Cypriot First Division: 2009–10
Cypriot Cup: 2010–11, 2011–12
Cypriot Super Cup: 2010, 2012
FC Sion
Swiss Cup: 2014–15
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Association football wingers
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Cypriot First Division players
Swiss Super League players
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC players
AC Omonia players
FC Sion players
Onisilos Sotira players
Cyprus under-21 international footballers
Cypriot expatriate footballers
Cypriot expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
The Mawdaw Myintha Pagoda (; commonly known as Myo Daung Pagoda or Myo Daunt Pagoda (မြို့ထောင့်စေတီ)) is a Buddhist pagoda located in Shwebo, Myanmar. Located five kilometers northeast of Shwebo, the pagoda was modeled after the Shwemawdaw Pagoda in Bago. It was founded by King Alaungpaya, who commissioned the construction of the pagoda after his May 1757 conquest of the city. Construction took ten months.
References
Buildings and structures in Sagaing Region
Buddhist temples in Myanmar
Benjamin Batson (1942–1996) was an American mathematician and historian who studied 20th century Thai history. He spent almost his entire professional life in Southeast Asia.
Biography
Batson was born in Tennessee in 1942. Batson earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1963 at Harvard University- where he was elected to membership of Phi Beta Kappa and played on the Harvard chess team. He briefly returned Tennessee to work at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He then moved to Thailand, teaching mathematics at Chulalongkorn University from 1964-66. After completing a master's degree under Walter Vella at the University of Hawaii in 1968, he returned to Thailand to teach mathematics at Chiang Mai University in the north of the country. He received grants from the East-West Center, NDFL Act (Title IV), the Ford Foundation, and the Social Science Research Council. While there he developed an interest in Thai history.
History career and publications
In 1969 he entered the Southeast Asia Program graduate program at Cornell University, where his thesis on the end of Thailand's absolute monarchy and transition to a constitutional monarchy was supervised by David K. Wyatt. While at Cornell Batson attracted the attention of Walter LaFeber, the eminent historian of American foreign policy, whom he served under as a teaching assistant. Sifting through neglected files at the National Archives in Bangkok, Batson uncovered a long lost collection of papers in which the concept of democracy in Thailand was debated between the seventh Bangkok king and his ministers and advisers. He translated a selection of these and published them as Siam's Political Future: Documents from the End of the Absolute Monarchy in 1974. He was a research fellow at the Australian National University in the late 1970s, during which time he revised his dissertation for publication as The End of the Absolute Monarchy in Siam by the Oxford University Press in 1984. He wrote a work on the Thai literary figure and political activist, Kulap Saipradit. He also began studying Japanese-Thai relations with Shimizu Hajime inspired Southeast Asia under Japanese Occupation and The Tragedy of Wanit: A Japanese Account of Wartime Thai Politics in 1980 and 1990, respectively.
Batson's last published piece, published in the Journal of Southeast Asian Studies, in March 1996, discussed Phra Sarasas, a figure who positioned himself as power-broker between the Japanese and Thai governments during the leadup to World War II.
Batson died unexpectedly of heart disease in Singapore on Sunday, January 7, 1996 at the age of 53.
References
1942 births
1996 deaths
National University of Singapore faculty
Cornell University alumni
Harvard College alumni
Historians of Southeast Asia
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
American expatriates in Thailand
University of Hawaiʻi alumni
American expatriates in Singapore
American expatriates in Australia
20th-century American male writers
Shiraki Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 2.5 km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 380 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1934.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1934 establishments in Japan
Long Reach Ethernet (LRE) was a proprietary networking protocol marketed by Cisco Systems, intended to support multi-megabit (5 to 15 Mbit/s) performance over telephone-grade unshielded twisted pair wiring over distances up to 5,000 feet (1.5 km).
Supporting such distance ranges, LRE is technically classified a Metropolitan area network (MAN) technology.
Technically the protocol was similar to very-high-bitrate digital subscriber line (VDSL), practically Ethernet over VDSL (EoVDSL).
The technology was sometimes considered an example of Ethernet in the first mile (EFM).
Several networking vendors offered compatible networking hardware, but the technology became obsolete.
Description
Like standard VDSL, LRE allowed existing telephone wiring that connects an organization's offices to be used to network those offices together using standard Ethernet protocol without incurring the huge cost of deploying fiber optic cable or limiting organizations to the bandwidth provided by modems or other digital subscriber line services.
Other sample applications included Internet access to hotel rooms or college dormitories over existing installed telephone wiring.
LRE was compatible with VDSL ETSI Band Plan 998.
Cisco sold Cisco Catalyst model 2900 switches using Infineon Technologies PEF22822/PEB22811 VDSL QAM chipset like many other VDSL concentrators.
The customer-premises equipment included the Cisco 575 desktop bridge.
Products were announced in February 2001 to be available in April 2001.
Infineon used the name 10BaseS for the technology,
Cisco included LRE in its Mobile Office marketing effort.
A few compatible devices were produced.
Cisco announced end-of-sale for the LRE products in October 2006, and its explanation page was removed from their web site in 2007.
HomePNA promotes similar technologies for use within a home rather than to a central office or business, with its 2.0, 3.0, and 3.1 releases. Different frequency bands are used so that VDSL and HomePNA can share the same wires.
References
External links
Metanoia communications Inc. Taiwan produced products called EVA Award and EVA Aero
Ethernet
Cisco protocols
Digital subscriber line
The Cadaver Tomb of René of Chalon (, also known as the Memorial to the Heart of René de Chalon or The Skeleton) is a late Gothic period funerary monument, known as a transi, in the church of Saint-Étienne at Bar-le-Duc, in northeastern France. It consists of an altarpiece and a limestone statue of a putrefied and skinless corpse which stands upright and extends his left hand outwards. Completed sometime between 1544 and 1557, the majority of its construction is attributed to the French sculptor Ligier Richier. Other elements, including the coat of arms and funeral drapery, were added in the 16th and 18th centuries respectively.
The tomb dates from a period of societal anxiety over death, as plague, war and religious conflicts ravaged Europe. It was commissioned as the resting place of René of Chalon, Prince of Orange, son-in-law of Duke Antoine of Lorraine. René was killed aged 25 at the siege of St. Dizier on 15 July 1544, from a wound sustained in battle the previous day. Richier presents him as an écorché, with his skin and muscles decayed, leaving him reduced to a skeleton. This apparently fulfilled his deathbed wish that his tomb depict his body as it would be three years after his death. His left arm is raised as if gesturing towards heaven. Supposedly, at one time his heart was held in a reliquary placed in the hand of the figure's raised arm. Unusually for contemporaneous objects of this type, his skeleton is standing, making it a "living corpse", an innovation that was to become highly influential. The tomb effigy is positioned above the carved marble and limestone altarpiece.
Designated a Monument historique on 18 June 1898, the tomb was moved for safekeeping to the Panthéon in Paris during the First World War, before being returned to Bar-le-Duc in 1920. Both the statue and altarpiece underwent extensive restoration between 1998 and 2003. Replicas of the statue are in the Musée Barrois in Bar-le-Duc and the Palais de Chaillot, Paris.
Description
Statue
The statue is 177 cm (70 in) in height, and made from black marble and limestone. It consists of three limestone blocks which form the skeleton's head and torso, left arm, and legs and pelvis. Both the statue and its frame are supported by an iron stud located at the figure's pelvis. The corpse is life-sized, putrefied and emaciated, and hangs above the church altarpiece. Its left arm reaches out, while its right hand rests on its chest. The outstretched arm may once have held René's preserved heart, and extended in a gesture that may have been either pleading or tribute to a higher being.
The rotting skeleton is depicted in an unflinching realistic manner, and placed on a stylobate supported on two black marble columns with Corinthian capitals. A coat of arms is placed underneath the figure, while the escutcheon is empty. The figure has been described as a "rotting corpse with shredded muscles falling from the bones and skin hanging in flaps over a hollow carcass".
His left hand reaches upwards as if pleading to heaven or God. The gesture may be in reference to the biblical passage from Job 19:26: "And though after my skin, worms destroy my body, yet in my flesh shall I see God". The gesture may represent contrite pleading or supplication, or the ability of the spirit to overcome mortality. The art historian Kathleen Cohen writes that the monument may be an illustration of the "doctrine of corruption as a necessary step toward regeneration".
René's outstretched hand was stolen by a French soldier in 1793. It was later replaced, but shown holding either a clepsydra or hourglass, obvious symbolic objects for a memento mori. However, that placement changed the meaning of the sculpture, from a representation of René to a depiction of the personification of death or as a danse macabre.
Death of René of Chalon
René of Chalon, Prince of Orange and stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht and Gelre, died on 15 July 1544, aged 25, during the siege of St. Dizier where he fought for Emperor Charles V. René had been mortally wounded in battle the previous day, and died with the Emperor in attendance at his bedside. He died without leaving any direct descendants. Charles wrote soon after to René's wife, Anna of Lorraine (d. 1568), setting out in detail the circumstances of René's last hours and death. The monument apparently fulfills his wish that he be represented above this tomb as an écorché, that is a body without skin, and "as he would be three years after his death". Cadaver monuments had been built for other members of the family, including his father Henry III of Nassau-Breda, his uncle Philibert of Chalon, his grandmother, and the uncle of his wife. René requested that his tomb present him "not as a standard figure but a life-size skeleton with strips of dried skin flapping over a hollow carcass, whose right hand clutches at the empty rib cage while the left hand holds high his heart in a grand gesture".
René's intention has never been definitively attributed, and there is no mention of it in either Charles' letter or René's will. Given this lack of record and that, at only 25 years, René was unlikely to have previously thought closely about his own burial and memorial, it seems most likely that the idea behind the design came from Anna. She is known to have commissioned the piece from Ligier Richier, who was then little known outside his local area of Saint-Mihiel in north-eastern France, but is today considered one of the most important sculptors of the late Gothic period. Although the precise dating is uncertain, it is known to have begun after 1544 and was completed before 1557. The tomb has become his most well known and influential work.
In accordance with funeral rites of the time, René's heart, bowels, and bones were separated. His heart and bowels were kept at Bar-le-Duc and placed in the Collegiate Church of St. Maxe, which was demolished during the French Revolution and abandoned in 1782, while the rest were transferred to Breda to be interred with his father and his daughter, who died in early infancy. His widow commissioned Richier to construct a transi to hold some of the remains of her husband. The monument, along with other remains and relics of members of his family, were reinterred at the church of Saint-Étienne in June 1790.
Anna commissioned the tomb as a memento mori, but the level of detail she may have specified is uncertain. It is perhaps Richier's best-known work, remarkable for its original presentation of a "living corpse", a motif unparalleled in earlier funerary art. He produced one more work in a similar vein, his Death, now in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Dijon. Both works are comparable in form and intent to the 1520s La Mort Saint-Innocent originally from the Holy Innocents' Cemetery in Paris, now in the Musee du Louvre. In that work, a realistically depicted and severely emaciated corpse raises his right hand upwards while holding a shield in his left hand.
Altarpiece and frame
The frame consists of black marble octagonal panels set in white stone, between which were twelve small corbel statuettes measuring between 38 and 40 cm (1.25–1.3 in) in height. None remain today; six are known to have been destroyed in November 1793 during the French Revolution. The escutcheon above the statue is missing its emblem.
The altarpiece is made from black carved marble and limestone and measures 267 cm x 592 cm (105 in x 233 in). Its top-slab is taken from the former tomb of Henry IV, Count of Bar (d. 1344) and Yolande of Flanders (d. 1395). The black slab contains two series of inscriptions which are also later additions. The coat of arms of Bar and Lorraine were added to the front face in 1810 at the request of the then vicar of Saint-Étienne, Claude Rollet. The funeral drapery is also a later addition.
The altar holds a glass-covered reliquary for the bones of other royals and nobles of the Duchy of Bar, and includes the remains of Henry IV and his wife Yolande, Robert, Duke of Bar (d. 1411) and his wife Marie of France (d. 1404), as well as those of their son, Edward III, Duke of Bar (d. 1415). Other possible burials include Frederick I, Duke of Upper Lorraine, Edward I, Count of Bar (d. 1336) and Mary of Burgundy (b. 1298). The mural on the wall behind the statue was painted by Varembel Barber in 1790.
Interpretation
Cadaver monuments, in France known as transis, were intended to show the human body's "transition" from life to decomposition. Art historians debate this particular example's meaning, specifically the symbolism of the raised hand and what it originally held. At one time, the raised hand is supposed to have contained the prince's actual dried heart.
The effigy is viewed by art historians in two distinct ways. The more literal interpretation is that the tomb is a dedication commissioned by a loving and pious wife. Other scholars, including Bernard Noël and Paulette Choné, read deeper meaning, and invoking a sense of the "spirituality of death", view the work as a comment on both the inevitability and effect of death. These opposing interpretations were juxtaposed in 1922 by the novelist Louis Bertrand when he wrote that the tomb may represent either despair or a romantic ideal of the eternal spirit. A further interpretation is that the work represents a mark of penance or repentance of past sins.
Legacy
A copy of the cadaver for the Palais de Chaillot was produced in 1894. François Pompon made a further copy in 1922 for the tomb of the playwright and poet Henry Bataille at Moux, while another replica is in the Musée Barrois in Bar-le-Duc. Death, an unattributed 16th-century sculpture realistically depicting a corpse wrapped in a shroud, now in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Dijon (catalog number 743), is very similar, but much smaller.
The first literary reference to the transi appears in Louis Des Masures' 1557 Epitaph on the Heart of René de Chalon, Prince of Orange, and a photograph of the statue appears on the cover of the 1992 Faber edition of the book. The French poet Louis Aragon evoked the tomb in "Le Crève-cœur", published in 1941. It inspired the titular poem in Thom Gunn's 1992 collection The Man with Night Sweats; elegies written in the aftermath of the deaths of friends from AIDS. The poems include the lines "My flesh was its own shield:/Where it was gashed, it healed. / Stopped upright where I am / Hugging my body to me / As if to shield it from / The pains that will go through me". Simone de Beauvoir details her first encounter with the tomb in her 1974 autobiography All Said and Done, describing it as a "masterpiece" of a "living man...already mummified".
The tomb was designated as a Monument historique on 18 June 1898.
Provenance and conservation
The tomb was originally placed in the collegiate church of Saint-Maxe in Bar-le-Duc, where it was positioned over a vault which may have held the hearts of René, his father-in-law Antoine, Duke of Lorraine, and other members of his family. It was moved to the church of St Ėtienne in 1782 when the former site was abandoned. It was moved to the Panthéon in Paris during the First World War and was returned to Bar-le-Duc in 1920.
Due to humidity and contact with water, the tomb has suffered damage over the centuries. It was restored in 1969 by Maxime Chiquet d'Allancancelles. Both the statue and altarpiece underwent further restoration between 1998 and 2003. In 1993 both the retable and the tomb were classified as historic monuments, and underwent restoration. An extensive assessment and historical study commissioned by the Direction régionale des affaires culturelles in 1998 was followed by a condition assessment and recommendations in 2001.
The 2003 restoration was conducted in stages, beginning with the dismantling of the statue which was painstakingly cleaned with cotton buds, before the altar was dismantled to clean its back wall. Microcrystalline cellulose wax was used to polish both the back wall and side columns. The restorer Françoise Joseph cleaned the mural, brightening the colours, and during the process discovered decorations at each of its four corners. Because the church's basement is often water-logged in winter, the mural had been damaged by humidity. Repairs to the statue included the removal of wrinkles, splinters, cracks, and graffiti; much of the work centered on areas around the groin, knee and pelvis. The iron fasteners were removed and replaced with stainless steel studs, removing the future risk of oxidation.
See also
Funerary art
Sculptures by Ligier Richier
References
Notes
Sources
Beaujeu, Claude-Marie. Lalexandrin dans "Le Crève-Coeur dAragon: étude de rythme (in French). Paris: Presses de lUniversité de Paris-Sorbonne, 1993.
Chastel, André. French Art: The Renaissance, 1430–1620. Paris: Flammarion, 1995.
Chirat, Didier. Les petites histoires de l'Histoire de France (in French). Paris: Larousse, 2018.
Cohen, Kathleen. Metamorphosis of a Death Symbol: The Transi Tomb in the Late Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press, 1973.
Cohen, Kathleen. The Changing Meaning of the Transi Tomb in Fifteenth and Sixteenth-Century Europe. Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press, 1968
Denis, Paul. "Ligier Richier L'Artiste et Son Oeuvre". Nancy and Paris: Berger-Levrault, 1911
Gedo, Mary. Psychoanalytic Perspectives on Art, Volume 3. Abingdon-on-Thames: Routledge, 1998.
Gillis, Colin. "Rethinking Sexuality in Thom Gunn's 'The Man with Night Sweats'". Contemporary Literature, volume 50, No. 1, 2009. pp. 156–82
Hoffman, Tyler. "Representing AIDS: Thom Gunn and the Modalities of Verse". South Atlantic Review, volume 65, no. 2, 2000, pp. 13–39
Jones, David Annwn. Gothic effigy: A Guide to Dark Visibilities. Manchester: Manchester University Press, 2018.
Kuyper, W. The Triumphant Entry of Renaissance Architecture Into the Netherlands. Alphen aan den Rijn: Canaletto, 2004.
Manca, Joseph; Bade, Patrick; Costello, Sarah; Charles, Victoria. 30 Millennia of Sculpture. New York: Parkstone International, 2016.
Noël, Bernard; Choné, Paulette. Ligier Richier. Thionville Conseil général de la Meuse, 2000.
Quarré, Pierre. "Sculptures acquired by the Dijon Museum from 1940 to 1946". Bulletin des Musées de France, November 1946
Rowen, Herbert. The Princes of Orange: the Stadholders in the Dutch Republic. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1988.
Thuillier, Jacques. History of Art. Paris: Flammarion, 2003.
External links
1540s sculptures
Cadaver tomb
Funerary art
Memento mori
Sculptures by Ligier Richier
Sculptures in France
Tombs in France
The amice is a liturgical vestment used mainly in the Roman Catholic church, Western Orthodox church,
Lutheran church, some Anglican, Armenian and Polish National Catholic churches.
Description
The amice consists of a white cloth connected to two long ribbon-like attachments by which it is fastened. The garment is draped over the shoulders with the ribbons crossed over the chest, brought around to the back, and then brought forward again to be tied in front around the waist. The results can vary from being tight around the neck to leaving a deep v-neck opening.
Before the liturgical reforms of 1972, its use was mandatory for all Roman Catholic masses, but it is only required today if the alb does not cover the priest's ordinary clothing. Many priests choose to wear the amice for reasons of tradition or to prevent damage to their other vestments due to perspiration.
Certain mendicant orders, such as the Dominicans and Franciscans, and some other orders with hooded habits, often donned the amice over the raised hood. The priest, or minister, then fastened the ribbons – crossed at the chest – behind his chest. The alb was donned over the hood and amice, and fastened. The hood/amice could then be retracted neatly around the collar.
In several Mediaeval uses, such as the Sarum Rite, the amice bore a broad stiff band of brocade or other decoration, giving the impression of a high collar. These were called apparelled amices. This practice was abandoned at Rome at about the end of the 15th century, but continued in other parts of Europe until much later. By 1907, however, the practice was no longer tolerated in Roman Catholic liturgy, but still exists within many Anglican communities and in the Lutheran Church of Sweden.
This collar-like amice spread to the Armenian Church where is retained as a normal part of the priestly vestments among the Armenian Orthodox.
While donning the amice, the priest first drapes the amice over his head (as with a hood), then lowers it to his neck, tying it around his torso. During this action he prays a short prayer:
References
Further reading
Eucharistic vestments
Roman Catholic vestments
Anglican vestments
Lutheran vestments
Eastern Christian vestments
History of clothing (Western fashion)
History of fashion
Valchan may refer to:
, a village in Smolyan municipality, Bulgaria
Valchan Peak, sharp rocky peak in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica
Valchan Chanev (born 1992), Bulgarian footballer
See also
Valchanka, village in Kirkovo Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria
Valchanovo, village in Sredets Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria
Magdalina Valchanova, Bulgarian model, beauty pageant
Edward John Davila (born June 21, 1952) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and a former judge on the Superior Court of California for Santa Clara County.
Early life and education
Davila was born in Palo Alto, California. He received a Bachelor of Arts from San Diego State University in 1976. He then attended the University of California, Hastings College of the Law and earned his Juris Doctor in 1979.
Legal career
From 1981 to 1988, he served as a deputy public defender in the Santa Clara County Public Defender's Office and later in private practice at the law firm of Davila & Polverino from 1988 to 2001.
Judicial career
State judicial service
On August 8, 2001, California Governor Gray Davis appointed Davila to serve as a judge on the Superior Court of California for Santa Clara County. Davila replaced Judge Donald Clark.
While a superior court judge, Davila presided over the high-profile case of a Las Vegas couple, Anna Ayala and Jaime Placencia, who planted a severed human finger in a bowl of Wendy's chili. On January 18, 2006, Davila sentenced Ayala to 9 years in prison and Placencia to 12 years and 4 months in prison.
Federal judicial service
During the 111th Congress, Senator Barbara Boxer recommended Davila to fill the United States District Court for the Northern District of California vacancy created when Marilyn Hall Patel assumed senior status. On May 20, 2010, President Barack Obama formally nominated Davila to the Northern District of California. The Senate Judiciary Committee recommended his confirmation on December 1, 2010, but the Senate decided to recess without confirming him. Obama renominated Davila on January 5, 2011. That nomination was approved by the Judiciary Committee on February 3, and he was confirmed by the Senate on February 14 by a 93–0 vote. He received his commission on March 3, 2011.
Davila is presiding over the criminal trial of former Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes.
Personal life
Davila is married to Mary Greenwood, who formerly served as Santa Clara County Public Defender and is Presiding Justice of the California Court of Appeal for the Sixth District. They reside in Menlo Park, California.
See also
List of Hispanic/Latino American jurists
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
California state court judges
Hispanic and Latino American judges
Judges of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
People from Menlo Park, California
People from Palo Alto, California
Public defenders
San Diego State University alumni
Superior court judges in the United States
United States district court judges appointed by Barack Obama
21st-century American judges
University of California, Hastings College of the Law alumni
Majune District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique. The principal town is Majune.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Niassa Province
John Edward Kerris (January 30, 1925 – December 4, 1983) was an American professional basketball player. Kerris played college basketball for Loyola of Chicago and was the ninth overall pick in the 1949 BAA draft by the Chicago Stags. He played for the Tri-Cities Blackhawks, Fort Wayne Pistons and Baltimore Bullets in his four-year career.
External links
Stats @ Basketball-reference.com
Jack Kerris at LoyolaRamblers.com
1925 births
1983 deaths
American men's basketball players
Baltimore Bullets (1944–1954) players
Basketball players from Chicago
Chicago Stags draft picks
De La Salle Institute alumni
Fort Wayne Pistons players
Loyola Ramblers men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Tri-Cities Blackhawks players
Alden Lake (aka Big Alden Lake) is a freshwater 180-acre lake with 159 (88%) acres of littoral area and a maximum depth of 29 feet located in northern Minnesota 14 miles northeast of Duluth off St. Louis County Highway #44. Alden does not have developed public access along the shoreline but can be accessed by canoe through the Cloquet River. The primary fish management species are walleye, with secondary management for largemouth bass and smallmouth bass.
History
Early Logging Operations
By the 1890s, lumbermen, including Frederick Weyerhaeuser, had begun timbering the vast pine forests north of Lake Superior. Initially, the massive pine logs were floated down the entire length of the often frozen and perilous Cloquet River to the City of Cloquet, Minnesota via the Saint Louis River. This means of transporting the timber was obviously less than ideal, and in 1901, M. Joseph Scanlon and Lester Brooks formed the Brooks-Scanlon Lumber Company and planned to improve the transport of the large timber stands they controlled along the Cloquet River by building a sorting works and rail operation at Alden Lake.
Construction of Railway and Sorting Works
Cloquet lumbermen under Weyerhaeuser's direction objected to this plan, however, claiming that the Alden Lake sorting works would interfere with the floating of their logs beyond it to Cloquet. Brooks-Scanlon argued that the additional expense and extended delivery time of water transport made rail shipment imperative. In condemnation proceedings brought in 1904, the courts agreed, and Brooks-Scanlon proceeded with their plans. In partnership with the Minnesota and North Wisconsin Railroad (1898-1912), a main rail line was constructed from Brooks-Scanlon's mill in Scanlon, Minnesota to Carolon, 44.5 miles to the northeast. In 1904, a 3.5-mile branch of this line was built from Alden Junction to Alden Lake, to which logs were floated from upstream. At Alden Lake, a logging dam was constructed and a hoist was erected to load logs onto rail cars.
At the peak of its operation, Brooks-Scanlon employed approximately 1500 men and harvested a record-breaking amount of board feet of pine. Over a century later, many pine logs from the sorting operation rest on the lake bottom or remain partially submerged.
Dismantling of Railway
Most of the timber was removed by 1909, and the mill in Scanlon was dismantled the year after. Between 1909 and 1912, the Minnesota and North Wisconsin Railroad was operated by Weyerhaeuser's Johnson-Wentworth Lumber Company for movement of logs to its mill in Cloquet. In 1911, 19.6 miles of line east of Alden Junction was abandoned, leaving only the 34.5 miles of main line to Scanlon. At that time, there were only three locomotives, 16 cars and one caboose left in operation. In 1912, the Minnesota and North Wisconsin was abandoned altogether.
See also
List of Minnesota lakes
References
Lakes of St. Louis County, Minnesota
Lakes of Minnesota
Events in the year 1214 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Inge II of Norway
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
Haakon the Crazy, earl.
References
Norway
Patrick Joseph "Pat" Morrissey (23 February 1948 – 19 February 2005) was an Irish professional association footballer, who played as a striker.
Morrissey was born in Enniscorthy, County Wexford, but moved to England as a young child, and played schoolboy football at county level. In a career spanning 25 years, Morrissey played for Coventry City, Torquay United, Crewe Alexandra, Chester, Watford, Aldershot (who signed him in exchange for Roger Joslyn), Swansea City, Dartford, Hayes, Slough Town, Carshalton Athletic, Hendon, Chesham United, Dunstable Town and Southall. He also played for the Republic of Ireland national under-23 football team.
Morrissey's first managerial role was as a player manager at Chesham United. He fulfilled the same roles at Dunstable Town and Southall, and also managed Buckingham Town and Colney Heath. He died in 2005. He had two sons, both of whom have played for Colney Heath.
References
Republic of Ireland under-23 international footballers
Coventry City F.C. players
Torquay United F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
Aldershot F.C. players
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Dartford F.C. players
Hayes F.C. players
Slough Town F.C. players
Carshalton Athletic F.C. players
Hendon F.C. players
Chesham United F.C. players
Dunstable Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Southall F.C. players
Chesham United F.C. managers
Dunstable Town F.C. managers
Southall F.C. managers
Buckingham Town F.C. managers
Colney Heath F.C. managers
1948 births
2005 deaths
People from Enniscorthy
Association footballers from County Wexford
Association football forwards
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Republic of Ireland expatriate association footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Republic of Ireland football managers
Mangalo is a locality on Eyre Peninsula in South Australia. It has a Memorial Hall, CFS and bulk grain silos but has never had a railway line to service them. The name is believed to be derived from an Aboriginal word for sand.
Kielpa was proposed as the junction for a branch railway line to Campoona and Mangalo, and the railway was authorised by parliament to be built in 1916, however it was never constructed, and by 1929, the Public Works Committee determined that wheat could be more efficiently transported by motor lorry than by building this line. In 1920, one of the reasons not to proceed with building this railway was that it would be redundant to a railway linking Murat Bay to Cowell. However this railway was never built either.
The locality of Mangalo comprises the Hundred of Mangalo and A Hundred of Heggaton. It includes the Heggaton Conservation Park.
References
Towns in South Australia
Krishna Bhattchan a Nepali sociologist and indigenous activist. He is a Professor of Sociology at the Central Department of Sociology and Anthropology at the Tribhuvan University. He received his graduate degree in sociology from Banaras Hindu University. Thereafter he received his doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley.
He is the secretary of the Indigenous Nationalities Mega Front. He is the author of numerous publication on ethnic politics in Nepal, including Minorities and Indigenous Peoples of Nepal (NCARD 2008) He advocates the general issues of indigenous peoples of Nepal.
Biography
Publications
Books
2008. Nepalma Jatiya Bibhed (Caste Based Discrimination in Nepal), by Tej Sunar and Yasso Kanti Bhattachan. 2008. Kathmandu: DNF-Nepal, NNDSWO, Kathmandu, IIDS, Delhi and IDSN, Copenhagen.
2001. Tamang Healing in the Himalaya. The Tamang Healing Knowledge and the Development Interventions in and Around Langtang National park of Central Nepal, by Parshuram Tamang and Gyan Lal Shrestha. Kathmandu: Milijuli Nepal.
Edited volumes
2005. Culture and Religious Diversity: Dialogue and Development edited by Bhattachan, Krishna, R. D. Bajracharya, D. R. Dahal and P. K. Khatry. UNESCO Kathamndu Series of Moographs and Working Papers: No 6. Kathmandu: UNESCO.
2001. NGO, Civil Society and Government in Nepal: Critical Examination of Their Roles and Responsibilities, edited by Bhattachan, Krishna, Dev Raj Dahal, Sheetal Rana, Jyoti Gyawali, Min B. Basnet, Kashi Ram Bhusal and Ram Raj Pokharel. Kathmandu: Central Department of Sociology and Anthropology, Tribhuvan University in cooperation with Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung.
2001. Gender and Democracy, edited by Bhattachan, Krishna and Laxmi Keshari Manandhar. Kathmandu: Central Department of Home Science—Women's Studies Program, Trbhuvan University in cooperation with Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung.
1999. Reasserting Indigenous Knowledge Systems, edited by Bhattachan, Krishna and Parshuram Tamang). Kathmandu: NEFEN.
1997. Developmental Practices in Nepal, edited by Bhattachan, Krishna and Chaitannya Mishra. Central Department of Sociology and Anthropology, Tribhuvan University, Kathmandu in cooperation with Friedrich Ebert Stiftung (FES), Nepal Office, Kathmandu.
Book chapters
2013. Ethnopolitics and Ethnodevelopment: An Emerging Paradigm in Nepal- with a Postscript, in Mahendra Lawoti and Susan Hangen (eds). Nationalism and Ethnic Conflict in Nepal: Identities and Mobilization after 1990. pp 35–57. Routledge: London and New York
Further reading
2015. 'Nepal ko Bahunbad'. Naya Patrika, 27 Shrawan 2072 (12 August 2015), p. 11. (http://www.enayapatrika.com/2015/08/20844)
References
Nepalese sociologists
Living people
1953 births
People from Pokhara
Thakali people
The 2000 Missouri lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 2000. Democratic nominee Joe Maxwell defeated Republican nominee Wendell Bailey with 52.14% of the vote. , this was the last time a Democrat was elected Lieutenant Governor of Missouri.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on August 8, 2000.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Joe Maxwell, State Senator
Gracia Yancey Backer, State Representative
Catherine Powell
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Wendell Bailey, former State Treasurer of Missouri
Joe Ortwerth, County executive of St. Charles County
Results
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Joe Maxwell, Democratic
Wendell Bailey, Republican
Other candidates
Phillip W. Horras, Libertarian
Patricia A. Griffard, Natural Law
George D. Weber, Reform
Ben Kjelshus, Green
Bob Wells, Constitution
Results
References
2000
Missouri
Gubernatorial
Minuscule 669 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1025 (Soden), known as Benton Gospel 3, is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. It is dated palaeographically to the 11th century (or 10th century - Aland).
Scrivener labelled it by 902e.
The manuscript is lacunose.
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 272 parchment leaves (), with some Lacunae (Matthew 1:1-27:58; Luke 1:1-2:16; John 1:1-14). The text is written in one column per page, 17 lines per page in minuscule letters.
The text is divided according to the (chapters), and smaller the Ammonian Sections. The numbers of they are given at the margin, with their (titles) at the top in red. The Ammonian sections were given at the margin, with a reference to the Eusebian Canons.
The lists of to precede Gospel of Mark and Gospel of Luke, the lists before Luke and John have not survived to the present day. The codex contains miniatures and decorated initial letters. The tables of the (contents) and Synaxarion were added by a later hand.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the Kx. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it belongs to the textual family Family Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 its text is defective.
The text of Luke 22:43.44 is marked by an obelus (÷) and John 5:3.4 is marked by an asterisk (※).
History
The manuscript was written in Constantinople in the 10th century. The manuscript was brought to America in 1844 from Crete, by George Benton (along with Minuscule 670, and Lectionary 302). In 1913 it was presented to the General Theological Seminary in New York City.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener and Gregory. It was examined by J. Rendel Harris.
Formerly it was part of Private Collection Ch. C. Ryrie in Dallas. It was sold at auction December 5, 2016, and now is in the collection at Dumbarton Oaks, Washington, DC.
Gallery
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
J. R. Harris, Sunday School Times (Philadelphia, 4 June 1887), p. 355.
C. C. Edmunds, and W. H. P. Hatch, The Gospel Manuscripts of the General Theological Seminary, HTS 4 (1918), pp. 7, 50-68.
K. W. Clark, A Descriptive Catalogue of Greek New Testament Manuscripts in America (Chicago, 1937), pp. 83–85.
External links
Images of Minuscule 669 at the CSNTM
Greek New Testament minuscules
11th-century biblical manuscripts
The Feoffees for impropriations was an unincorporated organization dedicated to advancing the cause of Puritanism in England. It was formally in existence from 1625 to 1633.
Background
The Elizabethan Religious Settlement established an uneasy truce between Catholics and Protestants that brought the English Reformation to a conclusion and shaped the theology and liturgy of the Church of England. It was a compromise that was not completely satisfactory to either party. During the reign of James I, Puritanism was neither officially tolerated nor actively suppressed. With the succession of Charles I and the increasing power of William Laud, greater prominence was given to the requirement for adherence to the doctrine and liturgy of the established church. Puritans regarded this as a direct attack and responded by various overt and covert moves to resist the increasing Arminianism of the Church of England. In 1626, the York House Conference. chaired by the Duke of Buckingham, was held to discuss theological differences between Puritans and Arminians. At the second session, the Puritan case was led by John Preston, however Buckingham came down in favour of Laud.
Establishment
When Preston realised that the York House Conference was not likely to favour Puritanism, he encouraged a group of Puritan lawyers, merchants, and clergymen (including Richard Sibbes and John Davenport) to establish an organization known as the Feoffees for the Purchase of Impropriations. The feoffees would raise funds to purchase lay impropriations and advowsons, which would mean that the feoffees would then have the legal right to appoint their chosen candidates to benefices and lectureships. This would provide a mechanism both for increasing the number of preaching ministers in the country, and a way to ensure that Puritans could receive ecclesiastical appointments.
The group considered obtaining letters patent, or securing an Act of Parliament, but did not pursue this course. Twelve trustees were appointed - four clergymen, four lawyers and four merchants. A chairman was appointed in case the trustee split six - six on an issue. Over the few years that the feoffees were in existence, a number of trustees died and were replaced. The final chairman was Nicholas Rainton, at the time, Lord Mayor of London.
Activities
The feoffees began raising money by donations and using it to support their aims. They also used the donations to purchase the right to tithes which would give them a continuing income. Their primary purpose was to provide a pulpit for Puritan clergymen. They purchased advowsons, established lectureships and provided direct financial support to individual clergymen. However, they were careful to ensure that they only supported those whose opinions they approved of. Purchases were made by individual trustees since the feoffees had no formal corporate existence. Although the trustees purchased advowsons, they had made relatively few presentations before their activities came to the notice of the authorities.
Suppression
In 1629, Peter Heylin, a Magdalen don, preached a sermon in St Mary's denouncing the Feoffees for Impropriations for sowing tares among the wheat. Archbishop Laud believed these activities seemed "a cunning way, under a glorious pretence, to overthrow the Church Government, by getting into their power more dependency of the clergy, than the King, and all the Peers, and all the Bishops in all the kingdom had".
As a result of the publicity, William Noy began to prosecute feoffees in the Exchequer court. Their lawyers were William Lenthall, later Speaker of the Long Parliament, and Robert Holborne, later counsel to Hampden and Prynne. The feoffees' defense was that all of the men they had had appointed to office conformed to the Church of England. Nevertheless, in 1632, the Feoffees for Impropriations were dissolved and the group's assets forfeited to the crown: Charles ordered that the money should be used to augment the salary of incumbents and used for other pious uses not controlled by the Puritans. This suppression of the Feoffees, by legal action, was an early move of Laudianism.
Rehabilitation
When the Long Parliament was called following the period of personal rule by Charles I, attempts were made by MPs to overturn the suppression of the feoffees. In 1643, the House of Commons ordered the return of the money that had been taken by the King. In 1648, the surviving trustees secured a formal reversal of the previous court order from the House of Lords. However, the activities of the feoffees were never resumed, perhaps because under the English republic, they were considered unnecessary. John Marshall, one of the trustees bequeathed money and property for the erection of a new church in Southwark, but the feoffees were dissolved before the bequest was acted upon. In the late 17th century, new trustees were established to hold the advowson of the newly built church financed by the bequest - a single remaining legacy of the feoffees.
References
Puritanism in England
William Frederick Burnikell (9 December 1910 – May 1980) was an English professional football player and manager. His surname was also spelt Burnicle.
Career
Born in Southwick, Burnikell played as a left half for Lincoln City, Bradford City and Aldershot. For Lincoln City, he made 25 appearances in the Football League. For Bradford City, he made 52 appearances in the Football League, scoring two goals; he also made 3 FA Cup appearances.
He later became a football manager and was in charge of Halifax Town between April and December 1956. He also managed Swedish clubs Landskrona BoIS, Helsingborg, Örebro SK and Degerfors IF. He also won the Chilean Primera División in 1954 with Universidad Católica.
Sources
References
1910 births
1980 deaths
English footballers
English football managers
Lincoln City F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Aldershot F.C. players
English Football League players
Halifax Town A.F.C. managers
Helsingborgs IF managers
Landskrona BoIS managers
Örebro SK managers
Degerfors IF managers
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica managers
Expatriate football managers in Chile
Expatriate football managers in Sweden
Association football midfielders
English expatriate football managers
English expatriates in Sweden
British expatriates in Chile
I-30 was a Type B1 submarine of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. After operating in the Indian Ocean she participated in a Yanagi mission, aimed at connecting Japan and Nazi Germany by submarine. She was the first Japanese submarine to reach Europe, arriving at Lorient, France in August 1942. I-30 returned to Singapore loaded with military technology and information, but hit a mine outside the harbour and sank. Only part of her cargo was salvaged.
Service history
The submarine was laid down at the Kure Naval Arsenal on 7 June 1939, launched on 17 September 1940, completed on 28 February 1942, and commissioned with Commander Endo Shinobu in command.
Indian Ocean operations
On 27 March 1942 the German Kriegsmarine naval staff requested that the Imperial Navy launch operations against Allied convoys in the Indian Ocean, and on 8 April the Japanese agreed to dispatch a detachment of submarines to the East Coast of Africa. Submarine Squadron 8's 1st Division was withdrawn from its base at Kwajalein in the Marshall Islands and assigned the task.
On 11 April, I-30 departed Kure for Penang, Malaya, arriving on the 20th. Two days later she sailed from Penang accompanied by the auxiliary cruiser and supply ship Aikoku Maru to reconnoitre selected points on the East African coast for possible attack. In May I-30 sailed along the coast of Africa, launching its Yokosuka E14Y floatplane on a series of reconnaissance flights over Aden, Zanzibar, Dar es Salaam, and Durban, East London, Port Elizabeth and Simon's Town in South Africa searching for targets.
On the night of 29 May I-30 she sent her aircraft to the harbour of Diego Suarez at the northern tip of Madagascar, which was occupied by the British. The aircraft sighted the battleship at anchor in the bay, along with the destroyers and , corvettes and , troopship Karanja, hospital ship Atlantis, tanker British Loyalty, merchant ship Llandaff Castle, and an ammunition ship. The next night the Type C submarines I-16 and I-20 launched their Ko-hyoteki midget submarines about 10 miles from the harbour. At 20:25, one torpedoed and damaged the Ramillies. The corvettes counter-attacked with depth charges, but at 21:20 the midget from I-20 torpedoed and sank the British Loyalty. The I-16s midget submarine went missing, presumed sunk, while the I-20s beached further along the coast. Its two crewmen were discovered by Royal Marines, and in the ensuing firefight both were killed.
Voyage to Europe
In mid-June 1942 I-30 was sent on a Yanagi mission to Europe, rounding the Cape of Good Hope and entering the Atlantic en route to France. On 2 August she arrived in the Bay of Biscay and was escorted into Lorient by a powerful force of German M-class minesweepers and Luftwaffe Junkers Ju 88 bombers. I-30 was the first Japanese submarine to arrive in Europe during World War II.
The officers and crew of I-30 were greeted by Grossadmiral Erich Raeder, Admiral Karl Dönitz, and Captain Yokoi Tadao, the Japanese Naval Attaché to Germany. The officers and crew of I-30 were feted by their German allies, travelling to Berlin where Commander Endo was presented to Adolf Hitler, and returning to Lorient via a sightseeing trip to Paris. In the meantime the I-30s cargo of of mica and of shellac was unloaded. They also supplied the Germans with blueprints of the Type 91 aerial torpedo. In return I-30 was repainted U-boat grey and fitted with a Metox radar detector and a Flakvierling 38 quad 20 mm AA gun, replacing her Type 96 25 mm AA guns.
I-30 departed Lorient on 22 August carrying a Japanese engineer as a passenger. Her cargo included blueprints and a full set of the Würzburg air defense ground radar, five German G7a and three G7e torpedoes, five Torpedovorhalterechner (torpedo data computers), 240 Bolde sonar countermeasure rounds, rocket and glider bombs, anti-tank guns, a Zeiss anti-aircraft artillery director (fire control system), two hundred 20 mm AA guns, industrial diamonds valued at one million yen, and fifty Enigma T coding machines.
Sinking
On 8 October 1942 I-30 arrived at Penang to refuel and replenish, then sailed for Singapore, arriving early on the 13th. Just after 4 p.m. the same day, she departed for Japan, but three miles east of Keppel Harbour hit a British mine and quickly sank with the loss of 13 men. Divers from No. 101 Navy Repair Unit recovered some of her cargo, including most of the 20 mm guns, torpedo data computers, and the radar blueprints, though they were found to be unusable after their immersion in salt water. The radar equipment was completely destroyed.
Between August 1959 and February 1960 the wreck was salvaged and then scrapped by Hokusei Sempaku Kogyo K.K.
References
Bibliography
External links
Wochenschau newsreel on the arrival of I-30 in Europe
An article with pictures related to I-30s mission
Type B1 submarines
Ships built by Kure Naval Arsenal
1940 ships
World War II submarines of Japan
Ships sunk by mines
Japanese submarines lost during World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Maritime incidents in October 1942
A Beautiful Thing: Idles Live at le Bataclan is a live album by Idles recorded at Le Bataclan on 3 December 2018, the final performance on the band's first Joy as an Act of Resistance tour, and released on 6 December 2019 by Partisan Records.
The album was released as a CD, download, and on double LP in three limited editions coloured vinyl editions.
Artists' Perception of the Show
Idles frontman Joe Talbot said of the concert: "Our show at Bataclan was the end of a very long journey for us. On that tour we learnt so much about ourselves, each other and the audiences we have grown with over the past 10 years. That show was nothing short of catharsis and nothing more than love."
Guitarist Mark Bowen said of the show:
"There was an impending sense of freedom in the room. That night was catharsis in a bottle, a rage and camaraderie that can only be obtained by spending 3 and a 1/2 months on a bus/van with 8 other people you have already spent way too much time with. That can only be obtained by the presence of a receptive, understanding and respectful audience. That night felt as if everyone in that room was in it together. We had created something needed on that tour, by the 5 of us, our crew, anyone in that room that night or any other on the tour. We need, as much as any others, to repeat the simple mantras from our songs to help us work through the dark and get better. Love Yourself, love yourself, LOVE YOURSELF."
Reception
Kerrang! reviewer Paul Travers gave it 4/5, saying "It's not just that it's a warts-and-all snapshot; the warts are actually some of the juiciest bits here." Mojo called it "a deep, thrilling listen", while Uncut wrote "The live setting and frontman Joe Talbot's inter-song exhortations heighten the feeling of being sucked into communal catharsis." Jessie Atkinson, writing for Gigwise.com, called it "a gorgeous memoir of the Golden Age of IDLES". AllMusic writer Liam Martin gave it three and a half stars, saying that the album "serves admirably as a brief glimpse of the band riding a career high, at a point where they've transitioned from industry favorites to fan favorites". Mike Bedigan, for The Irish News, awarded it three stars, stating that it "truly brings out the band's angry, political and head-banging brilliance".
Track listing
"Colossus"
"Never Fight a Man with a Perm"
"Mother"
"Faith in the City"
"I'm Scum"
"Danny Nedelko"
"Divide & Conquer"
"1049 Gotho"
"Samaritans"
"Television"
"Great"
"Love Song"
"White Privilege"
"Gram Rock"
"Benzocaine"
"Exeter"
"Cry to Me"
"Well Done"
"Rottweiler"
Charts
References
2019 live albums
Partisan Records albums
Idles (band) albums
Chibabava District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique. The principal town is
Chibabava. The district is located in the south of the province, and borders with Buzi District in the north, Machanga District in the southeast, with Machaze and Mossurize Districts of Manica Province in the west, and with Sussundenga District of Manica Province in the northwest. The area of the district is . It has a population of 101,667 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Buzí River, the Revué River, and the Lucito River.
The climate of the district is tropical humid in the east, close to the coast, and tropical semi-arid dry in the interior. The average annual rainfall in the interior varies between and .
Demographics
As of 2005, 43% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 16% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cindau. 85% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Chibabava (two localities), Goonda (two localities), and Muxúngue (two localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 13,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long and includes a stretch of the national road EN1, which crosses the district from south to north. There is also an airfield.
References
Districts in Sofala Province
The USP-1 "Tyul'pan" (From Russian: Унифицированный Стрелковый Прицел, первый образец, Unifitsirovannyj Strelkovyj Pritsel, pervyj obrazets, "Unified Firearm Sight, first model, GRAU index 1P29) is a Soviet/Russian universal optic sight, designed for use on the AK rifle family (AKMN, AK-74N, AK-74M, AK-101, AK-102, AK-105), the RPK-74N, the PKMN and the PKP "Pecheneg" and is designed for quick-mounting and quick-detaching. Compared with an open mechanical sight, the effectiveness of firing at targets is increased 1.2 to 2 times, and the time taken to conduct a firing session is reduced by 60%. It is designed by TsKB "Tochpribor" in Novosibirsk. Production is conducted in Novosibirsk instrument manufacturing factory (NPZ).
Design
The sight possesses a mechanism for adjustments and a stadiametric rangefinder. No batteries are required in the sight. The optic scheme of the sight is a prismatic wrapping. It is easily mounted on the weapon using the standard Warsaw Pact rail. The sight is a copy of the British L2A2 Sight Unit Infantry Trilux.
Specifications
Sight weight: 0.8 kg
Weight of a complete sight system: 1.25 kg
Magnification: 4x
Field of view: 8 (14) degrees
Exit pupil diameter: 6.5 mm
Exit pupil length: 35 mm
Resolution limit: 13 sec
Amount of light retained: >70 %
Adjustment range for zeroing: 0 – 400 m for vertical and horizontal adjustments
Dimensions (L x H x W): 203 mm x 80 mm x 178 mm
Literature (in Russian)
Изделие 1П29. Техническое описание и инструкция по эксплуатации, АЛ3.812.129 ТО. — 1994 г.
Оружие ближнего боя России / Альманах. — М.: НО «Лига содействия оборонным предприятиям», 2010. — 660 с. —
References
Firearm components
Optical devices
The Spinnaker is a high-rise development in Point Waterfront in Durban, South Africa. It is the tallest building in the Point Waterfront Precinct. It was built as part of eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality's Urban regeneration plan and is one of South Africa's most significant property developments.
References
Buildings and structures in Durban
Apartment buildings
Penny & Giles (P&G) was a British engineering company in Dorset (former Hampshire) that made flight recorders (black boxes).
History
The company was founded in 1956 by Prof William Alfred Penny and James Giles. It made high-reliability wire-wound potentiometers for aircraft in flight testing.
In 1957 it made the first aircraft data recorder with magnetic recording on a stainless steel wire, known as a black box. In 1963, the Ministry of Aviation informed the UK aircraft industry that all civil airliners would have to have flight data recorders.
In April 1973, Penny and Giles Conductive Plastics received a Queen's Award for Enterprise: Innovation (Technology). It became known as Penny and Giles International, with four divisions. In April 1992 it won another Queen's Award for Enterprise.
In the 1990s it was known as Penny & Giles Data Recorders Limited, and claimed to be the world's leading manufacturer of aircraft data recorders.
Ownership
In 1992 it was bought by Bowthorpe Holdings for £30m.
The company was bought out in 2002 by Curtiss-Wright of the USA, and is now part of Curtiss-Wright Controls Integrated Sensing.
Structure
It was headquartered at Mudeford in Dorset.
Products
LVDT and RVDT transducers
Optical Quick Access Recorders (O-QAR) for civil airliners
See also
Teledyne Controls
References
External links
Grace's Guide
Penny & Giles Transducers
Aircraft component manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Aircraft recorders
Aviation history of the United Kingdom
British companies established in 1956
Companies based in Dorset
Curtiss-Wright Company
Manufacturing companies established in 1956
Apple Tree Yard is a British television psychological thriller, adapted from the 2013 novel of the same name by Louise Doughty. The four-part series was commissioned in 2016 and the first episode had its premiere on BBC One on 22 January 2017. Emily Watson stars as the novel's original lead, Yvonne Carmichael, with Ben Chaplin portraying the role of her lover, Mark Costley. Apple Tree Yard follows the story of Carmichael, a conflicted, moderately unhappily-married fifty-something scientist, who begins a covert yet flagrant affair with Costley whilst completely unaware of his background.
Cast
Emily Watson as Yvonne Carmichael
Ben Chaplin as Mark Costley
Mark Bonnar as Gary Carmichael
Steven Elder as George Selway
Kezia Burrows as Kate Costley
Susan Lynch as Susannah
Franc Ashman as Liz
Laure Stockley as Rosa
Olivia Vinall as Carrie
Assad Zaman as Sathnam
Robin Morrissey as Jamie
Jack Hamilton as Adam
Grace Carey as Maddie
Beth Chalmers as Sally
Jim Creighton as Jake
Alexis Conran as Harry
Susannah Doyle as Marcia
Darren Morfitt as Kevin
Rhashan Stone as Robert
Frances Tomelty as Price
Denise Gough as DS Johns
Plot
After giving a presentation in the House of Commons, Yvonne Carmichael (Watson) meets a lean and mysterious man (Ben Chaplin), who charms her by offering her a tour of the locked Secret Chapel of the Commons. They quickly take likings to one another and have sex in the historic former broom cupboard. Afterwards, Yvonne begins secretly to compose fantasy letters playing out a relationship with the stranger, Mr X. The next day, Yvonne tracks Mr X to a café opposite the Commons, inviting him for coffee. After engaging in unbridled, consensual coitus in the café toilets, they agree to an illicit affair fueled by the thrill of engaging in sexual acts, at times in public places. Yvonne becomes aware that her lover is unwilling to reveal his true identity, but begins to thrive on their shared secret. One night, after meeting with Mr. X in Apple Tree Yard, Yvonne attends a party for one of her colleagues. There, she is approached by a colleague, George (Elder), who reveals that he has harboured secret feelings for her for some time. When she rejects his advances, George brutally rapes her.
Traumatised from the attack, Yvonne is forced to take time away from work. She slowly begins to confide in Mr X, who advises her to speak to a rape expert before she decides whether to report the incident to the police. She decides against doing so, but also breaks off the affair. Yvonne tries to pluck up the courage to face her colleagues, but realises that she cannot get the image of George out of her head. She later makes the decision to resign from her job and focus more on her personal life. When she discovers that her husband Gary has spent the weekend away in bed with his intern, Yvonne completely abandons the idea of retirement and decides to reignite her affair with Mr X. However, she begins to notice that George is stalking her. Yvonne is confronted by George in a local shop, causing her to accept Mr X's offer to "resolve" the problem, expecting him to intimidate George by beating him up. They drive to George's house where, with Yvonne staying in the car, Mr X goes inside. When he returns, looking anxious, she drives him away and they eventually part company.
Shortly afterwards, Yvonne and Mr X, named by officials as Mark Costley, are arrested and charged with George's murder. During the ensuing trial process, Yvonne believes Mark will protect her by not revealing their affair. But when expert evidence in his favour is undermined by the prosecutor, Mark allows his barrister to disclose their affair whilst cross-examining Yvonne, and she is shown to be lying under oath. However, Yvonne's powerful testimony about her rape gains the jury's sympathy, and she is found not guilty of the killing—though she receives a suspended sentence for perjury. Mark is found guilty of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. Yvonne subsequently visits him in prison, where she recalls a moment when she asked Mark to kill George, and to smash his face in. She says to Mark that she realises he has a personality disorder that means he took her request more literally than she intended.
Production
Regarding the rape scene involving Emily Watson and Steven Elder in the first episode, director Jessica Hobbs commented that the scene was "well researched" and reflected on testimony made by several real victims in order to make the scene as accurate as possible. Watson commented; "It was an incredibly hard day for everyone. We wanted to be very sudden and very real. The people we spoke to described it as an out-of-body experience and so we tried to reflect that." She also noted that having worked closely with Chaplin in the past, it made filming their consensual sex scenes easier: "We've known each other a long time, and we didn't want to fumble about, waiting for someone to shout 'Cut!', which usually happens. We plotted and planned every detail. We wanted it to be realistic – what would it be like in that situation, in a cupboard with a complete stranger? Which was great. I'd never laughed so much and it felt... empowering!"
However, the rape scene was heavily criticised by several victim support organisations, with Rape Crisis England and Wales spokeswoman Katie Russell branding the scene "harrowing".
Episodes
Home media release
The four-part series was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 20 February 2017.
Accolades
References
External links
2017 British television series debuts
2017 British television series endings
2010s British drama television series
Adultery in television
BBC television dramas
BBC television miniseries
Television series by Endemol
Television series by Fremantle (company)
2010s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
Rape in television
Television shows set in London
Television shows based on British novels
John Macaulay Wilson was an African King, and one of the first Africans to receive a European medical training. He was sent from Sierra Leone to Britain for medical training in either 1794 or 1796. He returned to fill a number of roles, including Assistant Colonial Surgeon at the hospital in Leicester, Sierra Leone.
Macaulay Wilson was the son of King George, chief of Kaffu Bullom, and joined the household of Zachary Macaulay and later that of Thomas Masterman Winterbottom.
He was a juror during the trial of Samuel Samo in 1812.
Following the death of his father, King George, he was elected King on 4 March 1827 in the presence of James Holman.
References
African royalty
Sierra Leonean surgeons
Colonial Surgeons
The 2016 V.League 1 (known as the Toyota V.League 1 for sponsorship reasons) season was the 60th season of the V.League 1, the highest division of Football in Vietnam. It began on 20 February 2016 and ended 18 September 2016.
Changes from last season
Team changes
The following teams had changed division since the 2015 season.
To V.League 1
Promoted from V.League 2
Hà Nội (Sài Gòn)
From V.League 1
Relegated to 2016 V.League 2
Đồng Nai
Rule changes
In season 2016, the club finishing in the 14th position would be relegated to V-League 2. The club that had finished in the 13th position would face the winner of a play-off between the V-League 2's second, third and fourth place clubs for a place in the 2017 V.League 1 season.
Name changes
In April 2016, Hà Nội relocated to Ho Chi Minh City and were renamed Sài Gòn. This was with only four matchdays played
Teams
Stadium
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
Foreign players
V.League teams are allowed to use two foreign players and one naturalised player
League table
Results
Play-off match
The team finishing 13th faced the winner of 2016 V.League 2 play-off II match.
Long An won the match and would remain in the 2017 V.League 1.
Positions by round
Season statistics
Top scorers
Own goals
Hattrick
Awards
Monthly awards
Annual awards
Manager of the Season
Chu Đình Nghiêm (Hà Nội F.C)
Best player of the Season
Gastón Merlo (SHB Đà Nẵng F.C)
Best young player of the Season
Vũ Văn Thanh (Hoàng Anh Gia Lai)
Dream Team
See also
2016 V.League 2
2016 Vietnamese National Football Second League
2016 Vietnamese National Football Third League
References
External links
2016
Vietnam
Vietnam
1
The Papal Zouaves () were an infantry battalion, later regiment, dedicated to defending the Papal States. Named after the French zouave regiments, they were mainly young men, unmarried and Catholic, who volunteered to assist Pope Pius IX in his struggle against the Italian unificationist Risorgimento.
Origin
The Zouaves evolved out of a unit formed by Louis Juchault de Lamoricière on 23 May 1860, the 'Company of Franco-Belgian Tirailleurs'. The company was quickly increased to a 8-company battalion by amalgamating the Tirailleurs with another volunteer unit, the 'Crusaders of Cathelineau'.
On 1 January 1861 the unit was renamed the Papal Zouaves, after already proving themselves in 1860. The name had been introduced by Xavier de Mérode. The Almoner was Mgr. Edouard de Woelmont.
Composition
The unit was commanded by the Swiss colonel Eugène Allet (1814-1878), from Leuk, who had previously served in the Pontifical Swiss Guard under Pope Gregory XVI. All orders were given in French.
From 1867 to 1868, the Papal Zouaves increased their strength from that of a single battalion to a four-battalion regiment, each battalion having six active and one depot companies.
Initially, the French and Belgian unit was mostly composed of young aristocrats and gentlemen. Later on, the unit was truly international, and by May 1868 numbered 4,592 men. A British volunteer, Joseph Powell, noted in his account of his service with the Papal Zouaves that at least three individuals of African descent and one person from China served in the Zouaves.
Between February 1868 and September 1870 the number of Canadian volunteers, mainly from the Francophone and majority Catholic province of Quebec, rose to seven contingents numbering some 500 men in total – with a contingent of 114 turning back to Canada because news had reached them of the surrender of the Papal States in September 1870.
Operational history
Peacetime service
In addition to involvement in the suppression of brigandage between 1864 and 1868, the Papal Zouaves were employed in humanitarian relief when a cholera epidemic devastated Albano during early 1867. All members of two companies of the 1st Battalion were decorated by Pope Pius IX for their work in burying the dead and tending to the infected.
The Battle of Mentana
One thousand five hundred Papal Zouaves assisted in the notable Franco-Papal victory at the Battle of Mentana, fought on 3 November 1867 between French-Papal troops and Italian volunteers led by Giuseppe Garibaldi.
In his report to the Pope, the commander of the Papal forces, General Kanzler, praised the elan of the Zouaves, citing a determined bayonet charge as a particular example.
The Zouaves suffered the brunt of the fighting, sustaining 81 casualties in the battle, including 24 killed (the Papal forces suffered only 30 dead in total) and 57 wounded. The official French report of the battle prepared by the French commander, General de Failly, also cited the bravery of the Papal Zouaves. The youngest victim, aged seventeen, was English Zouave Julian Watts-Russell.
Last days of the Papal States
The Zouaves also played a role in the final engagements against the forces of the newly united Kingdom of Italy in September 1870, in which the Papal forces were outnumbered almost seven to one. The Zouaves fought off enemy lancers on the 13th, withdrew with Papal artillery under heavy fire on the 20th and made preparations for a counterattack against the Italians before being told of the surrender at the Capture of Rome.
Several Zouaves were executed or murdered by the Italian forces following the surrender, including a Belgian officer who refused to give up his sword.
Aftermath
After being disbanded, veterans of the Papal Zouaves fought on in other units, for example, on the side of the Carlists in the Third Carlist War and on the side of the French in the Franco-Prussian War.
Franco-Prussian War
After the Capture of Rome by Victor Emmanuel in 1870, 760 French soldiers of the disbanded Papal Zouaves, led by Colonel de Charette, offered the French Government of National Defense their service. They were renamed as (Legion of the Volunteers of the West) and, by 7 October 1870, the contingent, composed of 64 officers, 1,620 men, 80 cavalry, 80 gunners, was organised into:
three six-company battalions, plus three depot companies
squadron of mounted éclaireurs
mountain battery
While retaining their grey and red Papal uniforms, the Zouaves fought the Prussians and their other German allies outside Orléans, with 15 killed or wounded between 11 and 12 October 1870, and also engaged the enemy at Patay. Expanded to two battalions totalling about 1,800 men, the new force with its experienced core of former Papal Zouaves fought with distinction at the Battle of Loigny where the 2nd Battalion charged with the bayonet, losing 216 out of 300 men (18 officers and 198 men) while covering the retreating and shattered 16th Corps. They were armed with Chassepots and Remingtons. The unit was disbanded after the entrance of Prussian troops into Paris.
Third Carlist War
Some Spanish Papal Zouaves fought on the Catalan Front as the Carlist Zouaves (), commanded by the Alfonso de Borbón, brother of the Carlist King Carlos VII who asked him to enter the Catalan front, naming him General in Chief of the Zouaves. The Carlist Zouaves were also joined by many of young aristocrats who previously fought in Rome side by side with the Infante Alfonso for the pontifical cause.
Uniform
The Zouaves wore a similar style of uniform to that of the French Zouaves but in grey with red trim. A grey and red kepi was normally substituted for the North African fez, while a black busby with white plume was worn for parade dress.
Monuments and mementos
There are a number of monuments to the Papal Zouaves, including a Dutch museum near the Oudenbosch Basilica, the Mass chapel in Rome's Capuchin Crypt and a monument in the Lateran.
The names of the 507 Canadian Papal Zouaves are engraved in gold letters on marble slabs in Montreal's Mary, Queen of the World. Also in Montreal, a miniature silver ship was hung from the ceiling of Our Lady of Succor chapel by Papal Zouaves as an ex-voto to thank the Virgin Mary after they escaped a shipwreck.
In popular culture
Literature
The Zouaves are mentioned in Victor Hugo's poem Mentana.
Film
A bombing of the Zouave barracks at Palazzo Serristori, Rome, is the start of the 1977 film In the Name of the Pope King.
See also
Corps of Gendarmerie of Vatican City
Military of Vatican City
Pontifical Swiss Guard
Swiss Guard
John Surratt, fugitive son of executed Lincoln assassination conspirator Mary Surratt, who served in the Pontifical Zouaves
Former Pontifical Guard Corps
Corsican Guard
Noble Guard
Palatine Guard
References
Sources
Books
Journals
Further reading
Papal Zouaves
Military of the Papal States
1861 establishments in the Papal States
1870 disestablishments in the Papal States
Multinational army units and formations
Expatriate military units and formations
Catholicism and politics
1860s in military history
1860s in politics
1860s in religion
Military history of Vatican City
Internationalism
Josiah Tshangana Gumede (also J.T. Gumede) (9 October 1867 – 6 November 1946) was a South African politician and father of Archie Gumede. He was born in Healdtown village, Fort Beaufort in the present-day Eastern Cape.
A Xhosa, his ancestry can be traced back to Chief Khondlo kaMncinci of the Qwabe. In all probability, he began his elementary schooling at the famous Healdtown Wesleyan Mission School. After completing his elementary schooling, he went on to attend the Native Institute at Grahamstown either in 1882/83 where he trained to become a teacher. He started his teaching career in Somerset East in the Eastern Cape.
Through a strange combination of events, Gumede and Martin Luthuli befriended Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo, the young Zulu king. As an iNduna (headman) he became intimately involved in the land struggles of Dinuzulu. He personally witnesses the attempts of the Boers to secure parts of Zululand for farming. House of Records, London, Lloyd George papers, Series F?Box 227/Folder 2, Gumede to the Right Honourable Lloyd George, 1 December 1919. Before the British annexation of Zululand, Gumede departed for Bergville when he turned to farming. In 1893 he toured England as a member of the Zulu Choir, founded by Saul Msane and the Reverend William August Illing, a German-trained Lutheran missionary who after 1869 renounced his Lutheran faith and became a convert of the Anglican Church. The Zulu Choir experienced blatant racial prejudice in England.
He was a founding member of two important African organisations in colonial Natal, Funamalungelo and the Natal Native Congress, although he did not attend the inaugural meeting of the Natal Native Congress in June 1900. He was serving as head of the Sotho Scouts during the Anglo Boer War of 1899-1902. His testimony before the South African Native Affairs, the so-called Lagden Commission of 1904 revealed his admiration of Zulu culture. In 1906 Gumede was one of delegates together with Kgosi Lesesa Tenki Tsotetsi of Batlokwa and Kgosi Moloi of Makgolokwe to England to protest against the Batlokwa and the Makgolokwe people losing their ancestral lands in the former Boer republics. In England, a Trinidadian-born barrister, Henry Sylvester Williams, had undertaken care of the delegates. The other person noted as having the Tlokwa's interests placed in his hands was Dr. Evans Darby, the secretary of the League of Universal Brotherhood (LUB) South Africa 12 January 1907, p. 122. On his return with the Tlokwa and Kgolokwe chiefs to South Africa on 13 May 1907, Josiah was arrested for having left the country without obtaining the necessary permission. The report of this by Reuters was carried in the Manchester Guardian and The Times (p. 5) on 5 May.
Gumede's political consciousness had reached new heights before the establishment of the white Union of South Africa. Aware of the excitement among whites before the opening session of the South African National Convention, Gumede raised concerns about the position of Africans under Union. Gumede was a founding member of the South African Native National Congress in January 1912. In 1913 he voiced his criticism of the historic Native Land Act, which effectively limited Africans' access to only 7% of the country. In 1927, he was chosen as a delegate to the League against Imperialism in Brussels. Having become sympathetic to Communists after a visit to the Soviet Union, Gumede was ousted from the ANC in 1930.
Notes and references
1867 births
1946 deaths
Members of the Order of Luthuli
Presidents of the African National Congress
The Windom shale or Windom member is a member of the Moscow formation in New York. It preserves fossils going back to the Givetian stage of the middle Devonian. The Windom shale is widely known for its high quality trilobite fossils.
History
Early Study
One of the first people who may have described the scientific importance of the Windom was Jacob Green. In his book A monograph of the trilobites of North America: with coloured models of the species, he mentions an abundance of “Calymene bufo” in similar conditions to that of the Windom. Later on in 1935, David M. Delo's “Revision of the Phacopid trilobites” would name the genus Greenops in honor of Jacob Green's work.
In 1840, the geologist Lardner Vanuxem first described the “Hamilton Formation” in Hamilton, New York. The American paleontologist James Hall, would be very influential in early scientific examination of the Hamilton group. American geologist and malacologist, Timothy Abbott Conrad would describe many species found in the shale today. The work of Hall, Vanuxem, Conrad and other geologists of the time would give the foundation of the study of the geologic context behind the Windom.
The Windom shale was first named by the American geologist Amadeus William Grabau in 1917. Paleobiologist Gustav Arthur Cooper's 1929 dissertation, “The Stratigraphy of the Hamilton Group of New York” was another very influential work to the study of the Windom shale.
Penn Dixie Fossil Park and Nature Preserve
A major site for the Windom shale would be the “Bay View Quarry” (Known more commonly today as the Penn Dixie site), opened sometime in the 1930s by the Bessemer Cement and limestone company. They would operate the quarry due to the Windom shale's use as an ingredient in cement. Ownership of the quarry would be transferred to the Federal Portland Cement company sometime in the 1940s. In the late 1950s the Pennsylvania-Dixie cement company acquired the quarry.
During the 1970s the Bay View Quarry would go abandoned. Over the 30 years the quarry was abandoned, it built a reputation among educators for its well preserved fossils. When the Town of Hamburg purchased the abandoned quarry with the intention of turning it into a waste dump, lobbying efforts stepped in. The lobbying efforts merged to become the Hamburg
Natural History Society, Inc., and successfully purchased the site in 1993 for its preservation. The site is today open to the public as the Penn Dixie fossil park and nature preserve.
Geologic Context
The Windom shale was deposited in the Givetian stage of the Middle Devonian. The depositional environmental is from a shallow marine reef in the aerobic zone, although one of the beds suggests deposition in a dysaerobic zone. The bed known for being in a dysaerobic zone being the pyrite beds, where fossils are very often pyritized.
The erosion of the ancient Acadian mountains to the east was a large factor behind the deposition of the Windom. Streams and Rivers would bring clay and mud from inland into the sea. Some of the earliest swamps lined the coast, situated on floodplains. This depositional environment was known as the Catskill delta.
Carbonized wood, although rare, is known from the Windom. These fossils represent some of the first swamps of the Devonian.
Stratigraphy
The Windom shale is mostly composed of shale, with some thin bands of limestone. The lowest and earliest layer of the Windom is the Bayview coral bed. This layer is known for abundant Rugose coral fossils. This is followed by the Smoke Creek Trilobite Bed. These beds are known for their abundant trilobites. Within the Upper Windom, there is a darker layer with pyritized fossils known as the Pyrite Beds.
List of Species in the Windom Shale
Brachiopoda
• Ambocoelia umbonata (Conrad, 1842)
• Athyris spiriferoides (Eaton, 1831)
• Atrypa reticularis (Linnaeus, 1758)
• Emanuella praeumbonata (Hall, 1857)
• Longispina mucronatus (Hall, 1843)
• Mediospiriter audaculus (Conrad, 1842)
• Megastrophia concava (Hall, 1857)
• Mucrospirifer consobrinus (D'Obrigny 1850)
• Mucrospirifer mucronatus (Conrad, 1841)
• Protoleptostrophia perplana (Conrad, 1842)
• Pseudoatrypa devoniana (Webster, 1921)
• Rhipidomella penelope (Hall, 1861)
• Rhipidomella vanuxemi (Hall, 1857)
• Spinatrypa spinosa (Hall, 1843)
• Spinocyrtia granulosa (Conrad, 1839)
• Tropidoleptus carinatus (Conrad, 1839)
Bryozoa
• Atactotoechus furcatus
• Fenestella emaciata
• Leptotrypella ssp.
Cnidaria
• Amplexiphyllum hamiltoniae (Hall, 1876)
• Aulocystis dichotoma (Grabau, 1899)
• Aulocystis jacksoni (Grabau, 1899)
• Cystiphylloides americanum (Edwards & Haime, 1851
• Cystiphylloides conifollis (Hall, 1876)
• Favosites hamiltoniae (Hall, 1876)
• Hadrophyllum woodi (Grabau, 1899)
• Heliophyllum halli (Edwards & Hame, 1850)
• Pleurodictyum americanum (Roemer, 1876)
• Stereolasma rectum (Hall, 1876)
• Streptalasma ungula (Hall, 1876)
Echinodermata
• Ancyrocrinus bulbous (Hall, 1862)
• Deltacrinus clarus (Hall, 1862)
• Dolatocrinus liratus (Hall, 1862)
Mollusca
Bivalvia
• Nuculoidea corbuliformis (Hall & Whitfield, 1869)
• Nuculites triqueter (Conrad, 1841)
• Paleoneilo filosa (Conrad, 1842)
• Palaeoneilo sp.
• Pterinopecten sp.
Cephalopoda
• Michelenoceras ssp.
• Syproceras nuntium (Hall, 1861)
• Tornoceras uniangulare (Conrad, 1842)
Gastropoda
• Mourlonia itys (Hall, 1843)
• Naticonema lineata (Conrad, 1842)
• Platyceras thetis (Hall, 1861)
Trilobita
• Bellacartwrightia whiteleyi (Lieberman & Kloc, 1997)
• Dipleura dekayi (Green, 1832)
• Eldredgeops rana (Green, 1832)
• Greenops sp. (Delo, 1935)
• Pseudodechenella rowi (Green, 1838)
References
Devonian geology of New York (state)
Devonian southern paleotemperate deposits
The 2010 German Athletics Championships were held at the Eintracht-Stadion in Braunschweig on 17–18 July 2010.
Results
Men
Women
References
Results source:
External links
Official website of the German Athletics Championships
2010
German Athletics Championships
German Athletics Championships
German Athletics Championships
Manu Beuselinck (born 25 March 1970 in Ostend) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. He was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1970 births
Politicians from Ostend
The official German Airplay Chart is an airplay chart compiled by Nielsen Music Control on behalf of Bundesverband Musikindustrie (Federal Association of Phonographic Industry).
Chart history
References
Germany airplay
Airplay 2021
Phtheochroa lonnvei is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ethiopia.
The wingspan is about 25 mm.
Etymology
The species is named in honour of Ole J. Lønnve, who collected the specimen.
References
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Moths described in 2010
Phtheochroa
Elm Farm Ollie (known as "Nellie Jay" and post-flight as "Sky Queen") was the first cow to fly in an airplane, doing so on 18 February 1930, as part of the International Air Exposition in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. On the same trip, which covered 72 miles in a Ford Trimotor airplane from Bismarck, Missouri, to St. Louis, she also became the first cow milked in flight. This was done ostensibly to allow scientists to observe midair effects on animals, as well as for publicity purposes. A St. Louis newspaper trumpeted her mission as being "to blaze a trail for the transportation of livestock by air."
Elm Farm Ollie was reported to have been an unusually productive Guernsey cow, requiring three milkings a day and producing 24 quarts of milk during the flight itself. Wisconsin native Elsworth W. Bunce milked her, becoming the first man to milk a cow mid-flight. Elm Farm Ollie's milk was sealed into paper cartons which were parachuted to spectators below. Charles Lindbergh reportedly received a glass of the milk.
Although Elm Farm Ollie was born and raised in Bismarck, Missouri, it is largely in the dairy state of Wisconsin where her fame has lived on.
References
External links
Tale of a flying cow is milked for all it's worth. South Coast Today
Time magazine, February 24, 1930, article about airshow; no mention of cow
Time magazine, March 3, 1930, article about airshow; no mention of cow
History of aviation
Individual cows
History of Missouri
1930 in aviation
Individual animals in the United States
Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 33,414. The county seat is Knoxville. It is named for Francis Marion, a brigadier general from South Carolina in the American Revolutionary War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.8%) is water.
Major highways
Iowa Highway 5
Iowa Highway 14
Iowa Highway 92
Iowa Highway 163
Iowa Highway 316
Adjacent counties
Jasper County (north)
Mahaska County (east)
Monroe County (southeast)
Lucas County (southwest)
Warren County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 33,414 in the county, with a population density of . 96.24% of the population reported being of one race. 91.15% were non-Hispanic White, 0.87% were Black, 2.09% were Hispanic, 0.21% were Native American, 1.20% were Asian, 0.06% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.41% were some other race or more than one race. There were 14,073 housing units, of which 13,145 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 33,309 in the county, with a population density of . There were 13,914 housing units, of which 12,723 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 32,052 people, 12,017 households, and 8,532 families residing in the county. The population density was 58 people per square mile (22/km2). There were 12,755 housing units at an average density of 23 per square mile (9/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.46% White, 0.42% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 1.03% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.22% from other races, and 0.64% from two or more races. 0.80% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 12,017 households, out of which 33.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.20% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.00% were non-families. 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.30% under the age of 18, 10.20% from 18 to 24, 26.50% from 25 to 44, 22.10% from 45 to 64, and 15.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 98.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,401, and the median income for a family was $50,052. Males had a median income of $36,460 versus $25,573 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,717. About 5.20% of families and 7.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.70% of those under age 18 and 10.80% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Bussey
Hamilton
Harvey
Knoxville
Marysville
Melcher-Dallas
Pella
Pleasantville
Swan
Unincorporated communities
Attica
Cloud
Columbia
Flagler
Otley
Pershing
Tracy
Townships
Clay
Dallas
Franklin
Indiana
Knoxville
Lake Prairie
Liberty
Pleasant Grove
Red Rock
Summit
Union
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Marion County.
† county seat
Gallery
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Iowa
References
External links
Official Marion County, Iowa Website
1845 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1845
Choi Min-soo (; born March 27, 1962) is a South Korean actor. He is known as one of the most acclaimed actors in South Korea.
Life and career
Choi's family has been active in acting, and singing. Choi is the son of Choi Moo-ryong, a popular actor of the 1960s and 1970s, and Kang Hyo-shil, an actress. His maternal grandmother is Jeon Ok, referred to as 'Queen of Tears' for her excellence at acting for tragic dramas. His grandfather is Kang Hong-shik, an actor, a film director and singer active during the Japanese occupation period. Kang Hong-sik and Jeon Ok were the first married couple in Korean entertainment history. Kang went over to North Korea along with his daughter Kang Hyo-son who later became a famous actress of North Korea. Kang Hong-shik was honored as "Merited artist" as well.
Choi graduated from Lila Elementary School, Seongdong Middle School, Dongbuk High School and Seoul Arts College. Choi debuted to the film industry in 1985 with Son of God, a film adapted from Park Bong-seong's same titled manhwa.
Choi has three sisters and one half sister from his father's second marriage with Kim Ji-mee, and one little half brother and half sister from his father's other marriage.
Choi met his wife June Elizabeth Kang from an international Miss Korea Beauty Pageant in 1993 where Kang was being represented as Miss Canada. Choi proposed to Kang after a three-hour meeting and they were married June 18, 1994 in Seoul. They have two children, Christian (born 1996) and Benjamin (born 2001).
Controversies
Choi took a voluntary leave from acting following a scandal in 2008. He was involved in an assault case in April 2008 after a street-side argument ended in violence. An elderly man saw Choi cursing at another driver and rebuked him. The situation escalated and Choi assaulted the man. The actor attempted to drive away, but the man grabbed onto the hood of the car and refused to let go. Choi was let go by police when the victim declined to press charges, but the public reaction was swift and condemning. The actor apologized profusely for his behavior and swore to live in exile in the mountains, away from his wife and children, for a year.
In 2015, Choi punched the main production director of the KBS variety show, A Look At Myself. Choi later withdrew from the program.
In 2019, Choi was sentenced to two years probation for retaliatory driving due to an incident which took place on September 17, 2018. Both Choi and the prosecution have appealed the sentence.
Filmography
Film
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
Television
Awards
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
2014 MBC Drama Awards: Golden Acting Award, Actor (Pride and Prejudice)
2007 MBC Drama Awards: Golden Acting Award, Actor in a Historical Drama (The Legend)
2004 MBC Drama Awards: Top Excellence Award, Actor (Han River Ballad)
2001 37th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best Film Actor (Libera Me)
2000 SBS Drama Awards: Big Star Award (Legends of Love)
2000 37th Grand Bell Awards: Best Actor (Phantom: the Submarine)
1996 19th Golden Cinematography Awards: Most Popular Actor
1996 34th Grand Bell Awards: Best Actor (Terrorist)
1995 SBS Drama Awards: Grand Prize/Daesang (Sandglass)
1995 22nd Korea Broadcasting Awards: Best TV Actor (Sandglass)
1995 16th Blue Dragon Film Awards: Best Actor, Popular Star Award (Terrorist)
1995 31st Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Actor (Sandglass)
1993 14th Blue Dragon Film Awards: Popular Star Award
1993 31st Grand Bell Awards: Most Popular Actor
1993 29th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Actor (Walking Up to Heaven)
1992 MBC Drama Awards: Excellence Award, Actor (What Is Love)
1992 28th Baeksang Arts Awards: Most Popular TV Actor (What Is Love)
1992 13th Blue Dragon Film Awards: Popular Star Award
1991 12th Blue Dragon Film Awards: Popular Star Award
1990 11th Blue Dragon Film Awards: Best Supporting Actor (North Korean Partisan in South Korea)
1989 25th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best New Film Actor (Last Dance with Her)
1987 11th Golden Cinematography Awards: Best New Actor (Long Journey & Tunnel)
References
External links
1962 births
20th-century South Korean male actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
Living people
People from Seoul
Male actors from Seoul
Best New Actor Paeksang Arts Award (film) winners
I Liked It Better When You Had No Heart is the fifth full-length studio album by Butch Walker, and the first released under the name Butch Walker and the Black Widows. On January 5, 2010 Walker released "Trash Day" as the first single, backed with the track "She Likes Hairbands". The complete track list was made available on Butch's website in February 2010. The vinyl release was February 2, 2010, with the CD/digital release following on February 23, 2010. The album landed at #1 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and #125 on the Billboard Hot 200.
A music video was shot for "Pretty Melody" and the video got considerable exposure when it became a featured video on YouTube. All songs were either written by Walker himself or co-written by Walker and Michael Trent, with the exception of "You Belong With Me," a bonus track made available through selected outlets when pre-ordering.
"You Belong With Me" is a Taylor Swift cover from her 2008 album Fearless. The popularity of Butch's version of the song increased significantly when Swift herself tweeted favorably about Walker's version. Walker was later invited to perform the song with her live at the Grammy awards. Walker's version of the song was sold digitally as a single before being offered as a bonus track on this album. All the bonus tracks on I Liked It Better When You Had No Heart were digital bonuses and not on the physical CD itself.
Track listing
Personnel
Butch Walker - lead vocals, acoustic & electric guitars, piano
Fran Capitanelli - guitars
Chris Unck - guitars, lap steel
Jake Sinclair - bass guitar
Wesley Flowers - keyboards
Darren Dodd - drums, percussion
References
Official Website
2010 albums
Butch Walker albums
Albums produced by Butch Walker
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Itter, or Ittre. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Ittre
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Ittre
Ittre
Zvonimir Stević (; born March 17, 1957) is a politician in Serbia. He is a prominent figure in the Kosovo Serb community and has served several terms in the assemblies of Yugoslavia and Serbia as a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia. From 2008 to 2012, he held a high-ranking position in Serbia's Ministry for Kosovo and Metohija.
Early life and career
Stević was born in Priština, Autonomous Region of Kosovo and Metohija, then part of the People's Republic of Serbia in the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. He has a Bachelor of Laws degree. He worked as a journalist for the paper Jedinstvo from 1984 to 1987 and was secretary of the commission for the YU program from 1987 to 1990.
Political career
Federal and municipal official
Stević was the vice-president of the Priština municipal assembly from 1991 to 1999. He was also elected to the Assembly of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia's Chamber of Citizens in the 1996 Yugoslavian parliamentary election for the Priština division, when the Socialist Party won three out of four available seats in the city. During the campaign, Stević argued that the policies of the Socialist Party had established a "law-governed state" in Kosovo and Metohija and "the equality of all its residents." The Socialist Party and its Montenegrin allies won the election, and Stević served on the government side in the sitting of the assembly that followed. In late 1998, he participated in a negotiation process between the Kosovo Serb and Kosovo Albanian communities against the backdrop of the emerging Kosovo War. He served on the Socialist Party's executive committee for the Kosovo-Metohija region in this period.
Stević continued to serve as a municipal official in Priština in the immediate aftermath the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, although he acknowledged that the local government was an "empty shell" in the absence of a functioning police force. When British Kosovo Force officials arrived in the city in June 1999, Stević reported issues with overflowing trash bins, filthy streets, and water shortages to this new authority.
The United Nations (UN) subsequently brokered a deal for an integrated Serb and Albanian civil government in Priština; Stević became an interim co-mayor along with Mexhid Syla, an ethnic Albanian, in July 1999. Both co-mayors worked under the auspices of UN civil administrator J.F. Carter, who had the right to resolve disputes when they could not. Stević remarked at this time that the municipal integration agreement was "a step forward to end the divisions between the two communities in Kosovo."
Stević's term in the Yugoslavian parliament ended in 2000.
Member of the National Assembly
Stević received the 222nd position (out of 250) on the Socialist Party's electoral list in the 2000 Serbian parliamentary election. The party won thirty-seven seats, and he was not subsequently included in its delegation to the National Assembly of Serbia. (Between 2000 and 2011, Serbian parliamentary mandates were awarded to sponsoring parties or coalitions rather than to individual candidates, and it was common practice for mandates to be awarded out of numerical order. Stević's low position on the list – which was in any event mostly arranged in alphabetical order – would not have prevented him from being awarded a mandate, although ultimately he was not selected by the party).
He again appeared on the Socialist party's list in the 2003 parliamentary election. The party won twenty-two seats, and he was on this occasion selected for its assembly group. He took his seat when the assembly met in early 2004. In the parliament that followed, the Socialist Party agreed to provide outside support to the administration of Vojislav Koštunica. Stević called for Serbs to boycott the 2004 Kosovan parliamentary election, arguing that participation would legitimate the anti-Serb violence in the region earlier in the year.
Stević was given the fifteenth position on the Socialist Party's list in the 2007 election and was awarded a second term after the party won sixteen seats. A new ministry was formed after the election, and the Socialists moved into opposition.
Deputy Minister and State Secretary
Stević received the 215th position on a coalition list led by the Socialist Party in the 2008 parliamentary election. The list won twenty seats, and, after prolonged negotiations, the Socialist Party joined a new coalition government with the For a European Serbia group led by the Democratic Party. Stević did not receive an assembly mandate but was instead appointed as deputy minister and president of the co-ordination centre at the Ministry for Kosovo and Metohija in July 2008. In December of the same year, he ceased to be deputy minister and was reassigned as a state secretary in the ministry. Shortly after his initial appointment, he presided over a commemoration ceremony for the victims of the 1999 Staro Gracko massacre; he was quoted as saying that the murders were "one of the most cruel crimes in a series of crimes committed against Serbs in Kosovo since the deployment of the UN mission and [Kosovo Force]."
Soon after Stević's initial appointment, the ministry and co-ordination centre issued a directive calling on Serb community leaders in Kosovo and Metohija to provide the government with accurate information to create a proper social map and so to better facilitate state investments. In September 2008, he joined with minister Goran Bogdanović to open a new Kosovo Coordination Centre in Gračanica.
In 2009, Stević negotiated with Kosovo Serb workers who had left their administrative positions after Kosovo's unilateral declaration of independence the previous year on the advice of the Serbian government. The workers were demanding the government provide compensation for their lost wages; Stević said that their demands were justified and urged the government to resolve their situation.
Stević frequently expressed concern about the number of young Kosovo Serbs leaving the area due to limited employment prospects and, though his ministry, oversaw a strategic plan for a return of Serbs to the region. In August 2009, both he and Bogdanović acknowledged that the plan had been delayed due to the financial crisis of 2007–2008.
His ministry urged Serbs not to participate in the 2009 local elections in Kosovo, on the grounds that they were organized in a "unilaterally proclaimed independent Kosovo" and took place under the auspices of the Ahtisaari Plan, which was not supported by Serbia. Speaking on behalf of the Socialist Party, Stević also urged Serbs to boycott the 2010 Kosovan parliamentary election, saying that "the fundamental human rights of Kosovo Serbs are still being threatened" in the area. During this time, he was president of the party's provincial committee in Kosovo and Metohija.
Stević condemned the arrest of five Serbian officials by the Kosovo Police in early 2010, describing it as an intimidation tactic and accusing the European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo (EULEX) of complicity in what he described as "brutal attempts at closing down Serbian institutions."
Return to the assembly
Serbia's electoral system was reformed in 2011, such that parliamentary mandates were awarded in numerical order to candidates on successful lists. Stević received the nineteenth position on the Socialist-led electoral list in the 2012 Serbian parliamentary election and was elected to a third term in the assembly when the list won forty-four mandates. After the election, the Socialists formed a new coalition government with the Serbian Progressive Party. The ministry for Kosovo and Metohija was abolished in August 2012, and Stević has not returned to a ministerial role since this time.
He was re-elected to the assembly in the elections of 2014 and 2016. The Socialist Party's governing alliance with the Progressives has continued throughout this time. Stević is currently a member of the assembly committee on Kosovo-Metohija; a deputy member of the committee on constitutional and legislative issues, the defence and internal affairs committee, and the committee on labour, social issues, social inclusion, and poverty reduction; a member of a working group "for the collection of facts and evidence for the investigation of crimes committed against Serbs and other national communities in Kosovo-Metohija"; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Azerbaijan, Belarus, Brazil, Egypt, India, Israel, Kazakhstan, and Venezuela.
Sports
Stević became the president of FK Gračanica in 1992 and served as president of FK Priština from 1995 to 1999.
References
1957 births
Living people
Politicians from Pristina
Kosovo Serbs
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Members of the Chamber of Citizens in the Assembly of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Socialist Party of Serbia politicians
Robert C. Annis is the Director of the Rural Development Institute, and an Associate Professor of Rural Development, at Brandon University. Annis is engaged in many community-based development organizations and research activities. He is vice chair of the Canadian Consortium of Health Promotion Research, board member with the National Rural Research Network, past chairperson of the Board of Community Futures Partners of Manitoba, chairperson of the Board of Wheat Belt Community Futures, co-chair for Pan West Community Futures Network of Western Canada.
Annis received his doctorate in psychology from the Caledonian University. In March 2008, Annis was appointed to the Manitoba Immigration Council by Nancy Allan, Minister of Immigration and Labour.
References
Brandon University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wijayamuni Devage Athula Nimalasiri Jayasinghe (known as Athula Nimalasiri Jayasinghe or Loku Athula) (1944 - 2014) was a Sri Lankan revolutionary and politician. A JVP leader of the 1971 JVP insurrection, Jayasinghe was later elected to the Sri Lankan Parliament and served as a Deputy Minister of Power and Energy.
Early life and education
Born to a well to do family in Gonahena, Kadawatha in the Gampaha District, he was the eldest with four younger sisters. He received his education at Kirillawala Maha Vidyalaya and at Rahula Vidyalaya, Gampaha, before moving to Colombo for his GCE Ordinary Level and GCE Advanced Level with the ambition to study engineering.
Revolutionary
As a student he got quickly involved in the revolutionary that became the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) becoming one of its founding leaders along with Rohana Wijeweera. Becoming an active member, Jayasinghe adopted the nom de guerre "Loku Athula" and became one of the top four leaders. He organized training camps and began training members in martial arts. He was responsible for armed wing of the group and took command of its carders in the districts of Kegalle and Kurunegala. He was unsuccessful in holding the area and withdrew to the jungles of Wilpaththu, where he was captured with what of left of his carders which had reduced to 40 from 300. He was wounded in the final encounter with the Ceylon Army and was sent to Colombo for medical treatment. He was the 6th accused in the Criminal Justice Commission prosecution of the perpetrators of the insurrection. He turned crown witness along with W.T. Karunarathne, becoming a witness for the prosecution against the accused and gained a pardon in 1975.
Political career
Following his release from prison, he joined the Sri Lanka Freedom Party. He was elected to the provincial council, having been elected in the 1988 and 1993 provincial council elections. He contested the 1994 general election and was elected to parliament and appointed Deputy Minister of Power and Energy. He remained in until 2004. In 2005, he supported Mahinda Rajapaksa in the presidential election.
References
1944 births
2014 deaths
Sri Lankan rebels
Sri Lankan revolutionaries
Sri Lanka Freedom Party politicians
Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna members
United People's Freedom Alliance politicians
Members of the 10th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the 11th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the 12th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Prisoners and detainees of Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan prisoners and detainees
The 1927 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1927. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land.
Systems
Tropical Cyclone One
A tropical cyclone moved along the coast of Mexico from June 14 to 18. It had gale-force winds and a minimum reported pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Two
A tropical storm existed off the coast of Mexico during late June. The initial low pressure area formed near the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 23, moving west-northwest near the coast into July 1.
Tropical Cyclone Three
A small tropical cyclone was detected on July 1. Its lowest reported pressure was , and was moving along the coast of Mexico.
Tropical Cyclone Four
A ship encountered a tropical cyclone on July 5. The ship reported a pressure of . The cyclone was moving west-northwest.
Tropical Cyclone Five
On July 28, a tropical cyclone moved eastward in the Gulf of Tehuantepec.
Tropical Cyclone Six
Roughly southwest of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone formed on August 7. It moved along the coast and dissipated south of the entrance to the Gulf of California on August 10.
Hurricane Seven
On September 6, a tropical cyclone formed south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. It moved along the coast, and by September 8 it was west of Manzanillo. It entered the Gulf of California on September 10, and it made landfall or dissipated the next day. The lowest reported pressure was .
The tropical cyclone caused much damage and destruction. The cyclone drove huge waves ashore along the coast, and destroyed rail lines linking Mexico City with the Pacific coast. Some ships were also missing and presumed sunk. Shipping was badly damaged. Some of the ships initially reported sunk were later accounted for. The worst hit areas were Manzanillo and Salina Cruz. Salina Cruz was reduced to ruins. A sudden plunge in the barometer provided enough warning for emergency evacuations in those cities, which were credited with keeping the death toll below that which was initially reported.
In Mazatlán, one person was killed by being swept over the sea wall. Acambaro, Guanajuanto was flooded. In the aftermath, displaced refugees attempted to cross the border and enter Nogales, Arizona.
Hurricane Eight
A "tropical hurricane" formed well southwest of Mexico on September 7, dissipating on September 10.
Cyclone Nine
A tropical cyclone formed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec on September 11. It moved northwest and was last observed on September 12.
Hurricane Ten
In the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone was detected on September 25. It moved along the coast and was last seen on September 30. The lowest reported pressure was ; a ship reported a maximum windspeed of .
Tropical Depression Eleven
A tropical depression existed south of Acapulco on October 19 and 20.
See also
1927 Atlantic hurricane season
1927 Pacific typhoon season
1920s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1927 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1920s Pacific hurricane seasons
Phtheochroa fulviplicana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Maine, Alberta, Nevada and California.
The wingspan is 14–23 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July and in December.
References
Moths described in 1879
Phtheochroa
A list of churches in Iceland:
Múlaprófastsdæmi
Skeggjastaðakirkja
Hofskirkja
Vopnafjarðarkirkja
Valþjófsstaðarkirkja
Áskirkja
Hofteigskirkja
Eiríksstaðakirkja
Möðrudalskirkja
Vallaneskirkja
Þingmúlakirkja
Egilsstaðakirkja
Eiðakirkja
Hjaltastaðakirkja
Kirkjubæjarkirkja
Sleðbrjótskirkja
Bakkagerðiskirkja
Húsavíkurkirkja
Seyðisfjarðarkirkja
Klyppstaðakirkja
Austfjarðaprófastsdæmi
Norðfjarðarkirkja
Mjóafjarðarkirkja
Eskifjarðarkirkja
Eskifjarðarkirkja
Reyðarfjarðarkirkja
Kolfreyjustaðarkirkja
Fáskrúðsfjarðarkirkja
Búðakirkja
Heydalakirkja
Stöðvarfjarðarkirkja
Stöðvarkirkja
Eydalakirkja
Djúpavogskirkja
Djúpavogskirkja
Berufjarðarkirkja
Beruneskirkja
Hofskirkja
Bænhúsið í Papey
Skaftafellsprófastsdæmi
Bjarnarneskirkja
Hafnarkirkja
Stafafellskirkja
Hoffellskirkja
Kálfafellsstaðarkirkja
Hofskirkja
Brunnhólskirkja
Minningarkapella
Bænhúsið á Núpsstað
Prestbakkakirkja
Kálfafellskirkja
Þykkvabæjarkapella
Þykkvabæjarklausturskirkja
Langholtskirkja
Grafarkirkja
Skeiðflatarkirkja
Reyniskirkja
Víkurkirkja
Sólheimakapella
Rangárvallaprófastsdæmi
Eyvindarhólakirkja
Ásólfsskálakirkja
Stóra-Dalskirkja
Krosskirkja
Akureyjarkirkja
Voðmúlastaðakapella
Safnkirkjan í Skógum
Hlíðarendakirkja
Breiðabólsstaðarkirkja
Stórólfshvolskirkja
Oddakirkja
Kapella dvalarheimilisins Lundar á Hellu
Keldnakirkja
Þykkvabæjarkirkja
Skarðskirkja
Marteinstungukirkja
Hagakirkja
Árbæjarkirkja
Kálfholtskirkja
Árnesprófastsdæmi
Eyrarbakkakirkja
Stokkseyrarkirkja
Gaulverjabæjarkirkja
Hrunakirkja
Hrepphólakirkja
Tungufellskirkja
Hveragerðiskirkja
Kapellan Náttúrulækningaheilsuhælinu
Kotstrandarkirkja
Þorlákskirkja
Hjallakirkja
Strandarkirkja
Mosfellskirkja
Miðdalskirkja
Úthlíðarkirkja
Stóruborgarkirkja
Búrfellskirkja
Sólheimakapella
Úlfljótsvatnskirkja
Selfosskirkja
Hraungerðiskirkja
Villingaholtskirkja
Laugardælakirkja
Skálholtskirkja
Bræðratungukirkja
Haukadalskirkja
Torfastaðakirkja
Stóra-Núpskirkja
Ólafsvallakirkja
Þingvallakirkja í Þingvallaprestakalli
Kjalarnesprófastsdæmi
Grindavíkurkirkja
Grindavíkurkirkja
Kirkjuvogskirkja
Útskálakirkja
Hvalsneskirkja
Keflavíkurkirkja
Innri-Njarðvíkurkirkja
Ytri-Njarðvíkurkirkja
Hafnarfjarðarkirkja
Krýsuvíkurkirkja
Víðistaðakirkja
Vídalínskirkja
Garðakirkja
Bessastaðakirkja
Kálfatjarnarkirkja
Mosfellskirkja
Lágafellskirkja
Reynivallakirkja
Brautarholtskirkja
Saurbæjarkirkja
Hallgrímskirkja í Vindáshlíð
Landakirkja í Vestmannaeyjaprestakalli
Stafkirkja við Hringskersgarð
Reykjavíkurprófastsdæmin
Árbæjarkirkja í Árbæjarprestakalli
Safnakirkjan í Árbæjarsafni
Breiðholtskirkja
Digraneskirkja
Fella- og Hólakirkja
Grafarvogskirkja
Hjallakirkja
Kópavogskirkja
Seljakirkja
Fossvogskapella
Áskirkja
Bústaðarkirkja
Dómkirkjan
Viðeyjarkirkja
Grensáskirkja
Hallgrímskirkja
Háteigskirkja
Friðrikskapella
Langholtskirkja
Laugarneskirkja
Neskirkja
Seltjarnarneskirkja
Borgarfjarðarprófastsdæmi
Hallgrímskirkja
Leirárkirkja
Innra-Hólmskirkja
Kapellan í Vatnaskógi
Akraneskirkja
Hvanneyrarkirkja
Bæjarkirkja
Lundarkirkja
Fitjakirkja
Reykholtskirkja
Reykholtskirkja
Stóra-Áskirkja
Gilsbakkakirkja
Síðumúlakirkja
Húsafellskirkja
Stafholtskirkja
Norðtungukirkja
Hvammskirkja
Hjarðarholtskirkja
Borgarkirkja
Borgarneskirkja
Álftaneskirkja
Álftártungukirkja
Akrakirkja
Snæfellsness- og Dalaprófastsdæmi
Ingjaldshólskirkja
Búðakirkja
Hellnakirkja
Staðarstaðarkirkja
Staðarhraunskirkja
Fáskrúðarbakkakirkja
Rauðamelskirkja
Kolbeinsstaðakirkja
Miklaholtskirkja
Ólafsvíkurkirkja
Brimilsvallakirkja
Grundafjarðarkirkja
Setbergskirkja
Stykkishólmskirkja
Stykkishólmskirkja
Helgafellskirkja
Bjarnarhafnarkirkja
Narfeyrarkirkja
Breiðabólsstaðarkirkja
St. Fransiskukapellan
Hjarðarholtskirkja
Kvennabrekkukirkja
Snóksdalskirkja
Stóra-Vatnshornskirkja
Hvammskirkja
Staðarfellskirkja
Dagverðarneskirkja
Skarðskirkja
Staðarhólskirkja
Barðastrandarprófastsdæmi
Reykhólakirkja
Staðarkirkja
Garpdalskirkja
Gufudalskirkja
Múlakirkja
Flateyjarkirkja
Tálknafjarðarkirkja
Stóra-Laugardalskirkja
Brjánslækjarkirkja
Hagakirkja
Patreksfjarðarkirkja
Sjúkrahúskapellan Patreksfirði
Saurbæjarkirkja
Sauðlauksdalskirkja
Breiðavíkurkirkja
Bíldudalskirkja
Selárdalskirkja
Selárdalskirkja, Samúels
Otradalskirkja
Ísafjarðarprófastsdæmi
Hrafnseyrarkirkja
Minningarkapella Jóns Sigurðssonar
Álftamýrarkirkja
Þingeyrarkirkja
Tjarnarkapella
Hraunskirkja
Mýrakirkja
Núpskirkja
Sæbólskirkja
Holtskirkja
Kirkjubólskirkja
Flateyrarkirkja
Staðarkirkja
Suðureyrarkirkja
Hólskirkja
Staðarkirkja
Staðarkirkja
Bænhúsið í Furufirði
Ísafjarðarkirkja
Sjúkrahúskapellan Ísafirði
Hnífsdalskapella
Súðavíkurkirkja
Eyrakirkja
Vatnsfjarðarkirkja
Nauteyrarkirkja
Melgraseyrarkirkja
Unaðsdalskirkja
Ögurkirkja
Húnavatnsprófastsdæmi
Árneskirkja
Árneskirkja
Hólmavíkurkirkja
Staðarkirkja
Drangsneskapella
Kaldrananeskirkja
Kollafjarðarneskirkja
Óspakseyrarkirkja
Prestbakkakirkja
Staðarkirkja
Melstaðarkirkja
Staðarbakkakirkja
Víðidalstungukirkja
Efranúpskirkja
Hvammstangakirkja
Sjúkrahúskapellan Hvammstanga
Kirkjuhvammskirkja
Tjarnarkirkja
Vesturhópshólakirkja
Breiðabólsstaðarkirkja
Þingeyraklausturskirkja
Blönduóskirkja
Blönduóskirkja
Höskuldsstaðakirkja
Höfðakirkja
Hofskirkja
Bergstaðakirkja
Auðkúlukirkja
Holtastaðakirkja
Bólstaðarhlíðarkirkja
Skagafjarðarprófastsdæmi
Sauðárkrókskirkja
Hvammskirkja
Ketukirkja
Sjávarborgarkirkja
Glaumbæjarkirkja
Víðimýrarkirkja
Reynistaðarkirkja
Mælifellskirkja
Reykjakirkja
Goðdalakirkja
Ábæjarkirkja
Miklabæjarkirkja
Silfrastaðakirkja
Flugumýrarkirkja
Hofsstaðakirkja
Hóladómkirkja
Viðvíkurkirkja
Rípurkirkja
Hofsósskirkja
Hofskirkja
Fellskirkja
Barðskirkja
Bænhúsið í Gröf
Knappstaðakirkja
Siglufjarðarkirkja
Eyjafjarðarprófastsdæmi
Ólafsfjarðarkirkja
Kvíabekkjarkirkja
Vallakirkja
Upsakapella Dalvík
Tjarnarkirkja
Urðarkirkja
Dalvíkurkirkja
Hríseyjarkirkja
Stærra-Árskógskirkja
Möðruvallarkirkja
Glæsibæjarkirkja
Bakkakirkja
Bægisárkirkja
Glerárkirkja
Lögmannshlíðarkirkja
Akureyrarkirkja
Miðgarðskirkja
Safnakirkjan
Munkaþverárkirkja
Kaupangskirkja
Grundarkirkja
Möðruvallarkirkja
Saurbæjarkirkja
Hólakirkja
Þingeyjarprófastsdæmi
Svalbarðskirkja í Laufásprestakalli
Laufáskirkja
Grenivíkurkirkja
Hálskirkja í Ljósavatnsprestakalli
Þorgeirskirkja
Illugastaðakirkja
Draflastaðakirkja
Ljósavatnskirkja
Þóroddsstaðarkirkja
Lundarbrekkukirkja
Skútustaðakirkja
Reykjahlíðarkirkja
Víðirhólskirkja
Bænhúsið á Rönd
Grenjaðarstaðarkirkja
Þverárkirkja
Einarsstaðarkirkja
Neskirkja
Bænhúsið á Végeirsstöðum
Húsavíkurkirkja
Brettingsstaðakirkja
Flateyjarkirkja á Skjálfanda
Skinnastaðarkirkja
Garðskirkja
Snartarstaðakirkja
Raufarhafnarkirkja
Þórshafnarkirkja
Sauðaneskirkja
Svalbarðskirkja
Churches outside þjóðkirkju
Fríkirkjan í Hafnarfirði
Fríkirkjan í Reykjavík
Fíladelfía
Jósefskirkja
Kirkja Óháða safnaðarins
Landakotskirkja (Basilika Krists konungs)
Maríukirkja
Hvítasunnukirkjan
Aðventistasöfnuðurinn
Aðventistasöfnuðurinn á Ísafirði
Churches
Churches
Landgrave Philip III of Hesse-Butzbach (born 26 December 1581 in Darmstadt; died: 28 April 1643) was Landgrave of Hesse-Butzbach from 1609 to 1643.
Life
His parents were George I "the Pious" of Hesse-Darmstadt (1547–1596) and Magdalene of Lippe (1552–1587). Philip's first wife was Anna Margaretha of Diepholz; she died childless in 1629 and was buried in the town church at Butzbach. He married his second wife, Christina Sophia of East Frisia (daughter of Enno III, born: 1609 in Aurich, died 1658 in Frankfurt), in 1632 in Aurich.
When his father died in 1596, the country was divided into three parts. Hesse-Darmstadt, like many royal courts, practised primogeniture, meaning that the oldest son inherited the country and his younger brothers were compensated with money, or, if no money was available, a much smaller, non-sovereign, territory and less money. The younger sons were allowed to use the title of "Landgrave", but sovereignty remained with the eldest son. In this case, the eldest son, Louis V "the faithful" inherited the bulk of the country. Frederick received Homburg and founded the Hesse-Homburg line. Philip received Butzbach.
His Landgraviate of Butzback initially consisted only of the town of Butzbach and som nearby villages. A quarter of Solms-Braunfels was added during the Thirty Years' War, when the Count of Solms-Braunfels had fallen into disfavour with the Emperor. In 1639, the town of Itter in Waldeck was added, with the castle at Vöhl and the villages that belonged to the castle. At that time, however, Philip's annual jointer of was reduced by 7300 guilders.
The new residence Butzbach flourished in the middle of the Thirty Years' War. Landgrave Philip was a learned and well-traveled man; he spoke eight languages, was a mathematician and collected a valuable library. For astronomical studies, he built an observatory in his Landgraviate Castle in Butzbach and had some astronomical instruments made. In 1618, he appointed Daniel Mögling (alias Theophilus Schweighart), who was a Rosicrucian and medical doctor and a member of a family of professors from Tübingen, as a court mathematician and court astronomer. Mogling, who also translated Philip Sidney's Arcadia brought him into contact with Wilhelm Schickard (1592–1635), who had invented a calculating machine in 1623. Philip III also corresponded with the astronomers Kepler and Galileo. He had met the 17 years older Galileo during his two trips to Italy in 1602 and 1607. Kepler visited Butzabch twice, in July 1621 and in October 1627. Philip III and Kepler observed the size of sunspots together and in 1624, Philip printed Kepler's . Kepler's daughter Susan also visited the court at Butzbach several times.
Philip expanded his castle and surrounded it with a pleasure garden and a tree garden. Neither garden has survived. The largest attraction in the garden was the "planet fountain". Drawings of this fountain, a painting and a description have survived and a model was constructed recently.
Philip III died in 1643 during a sweating treatment at Bad Ems, which his physician Johann Schröder had prescribed a year earlier. During his treatment, some alcohol caught fire, due to carelessness of the barber. Philip III suffered severe burns and died from his wounds shortly afterwards.
Since both of his marriages had been childless, the Landgraviate of Butzbach fell back to Hesse-Darmstadt after just one generation. His second wife, Christina Sophia, remained on the castle in Butzbach until her death.
References
Siegfried Rösch: Landgraf Philipp v. Hessen-Butzbach und sein Gelehrtenkreis, Genealogical yearbook, vol. 8, Degener, Neustadt an der Aisch, 1968.
Siegfried Rösch: Landgraf Philipp III. von Hessen-Butzbach und Johannes Kepler, Wetterauer Geschichtsblatt, vol. 24, Friedberg, Hesse, 1975.
External links
Landgraves of Hesse-Darmstadt
House of Hesse
1581 births
1643 deaths
17th-century German people
Gail Pavliga is the state representative for the 75th District of the Ohio House of Representatives. She is a Republican. Prior to joining politics, Pavliga was a counsellor and adjunct professor at Malone University.
Early life
Pavliga earned her bachelor's degree in Psychology/Science and master's degree in Individual/Family Studies/Counseling from Kent State University before enrolling at the University of Akron for her PhD in Educational Psychology.
Personal life
Pavliga and her husband Frank have two children together, Katie and Steve.
References
External links
Living people
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio Republicans
21st-century American politicians
University of Akron alumni
Kent State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
SC Skify Lviv was a Ukrainian football club from Lviv.
Until being promoted to professional level in 1995, it was known as FC LAZ Lviv representing the Lviv Bus Factory (LAZ). After the promotion it changed to Skify-LAZ Lviv for a short period before adopting the name SC Skify Lviv.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
References
Football clubs in Lviv
Skify Lviv
Association football clubs disestablished in 1996
1996 disestablishments in Ukraine
Mr.Ajay S. Shriram is chairman and Sr. Managing Director of DCM Shriram Ltd. and chairman of its subsidiary company, Shriram Bioseed Ventures Ltd.
Post his schooling from The Doon School, Dehradun (India), Shriram obtained a bachelor's degree in commerce from Sydenham College, Bombay. He attended various training & management development programs in India & overseas and participated in the “Programme for Management Development” (PMD) at the Harvard Business School, Boston, USA.
Shriram is the immediate Past President, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). He is also the Chairman of the Governing Body of Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) and a Trustee of SOS Children's Villages of India.
Shriram has been recently conferred with Degree of Doctor of Letters (Honoris Causa) by BML Munjal University.
Apart from being a Chairman or Member of various Committees in CII in the past, he has also held the following positions:
1. President & Chairman of International Fertilizer Industry Association, Paris (2009–11)
2. Chairman, Agriculture Committee, International Fertilizer Industry Association, Paris (2003–05)
3. Chairman, Fertilizer Association of India (2000–02)
4. Member, Asian Food & Agribusiness Advisory Board, Asia, Rabobank International (2006–09)
5. Member, Managing Committee, PHD Chamber of Commerce (to 2006)
6. President, Doon School Old Boys Society (2000–02)
7. Member, Board of Governors, The Doon School, Dehradun (2002–08).
8. Treasurer, Board of Governors, The Doon School, Dehradun (2004–08).
9. Member, Board of Governors, Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (2002–07)
10. Member, Board of Governors, Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (2003–06).
11. Chairman, Delhi Chapter, Young Presidents' Organisation (1995–96).
12. President, Alkali Manufacturers' Association (1995–97)
13. President, Northern Indian Textile Mill Association (1992–93)
Shriram is also the chairman of the board for Indian Institute of Management, Sirmaur & Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) and a trustee of SOS Children Villages of India.
Shriram has two sons.
References
Businesspeople from Uttar Pradesh
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Reginald Simpson (1896–1964) was a British stage actor and playwright. He moved to Hollywood where he appeared in around seventy films in a mixture of supporting and minor roles.
Selected filmography
Wallflowers (1928)
The Honor of the Press (1932)
Bird of Paradise (1932)
Kiss of Araby (1933)
I Believed in You (1934)
Fifteen Maiden Lane (1936)
Find the Witness (1937)
The Law and Jake Wade (1958)
References
Bibliography
Mycroft, Walter. Walter C. Mycroft, the Time of My Life: The Memoirs of a British Film Producer. Scarecrow Press, 2006.
External links
1896 births
1964 deaths
British male film actors
British male stage actors
British emigrants to the United States
British writers
Padmamagan is an Indian film director, who has directed Tamil films. After making his debut in 2003 with Pallavan, he has gone on to make other ventures including Ammuvagiya Naan and Netru Indru.
Career
Padmamagan associated with producer Rufus Parker and the duo chose to make a commercial film to begin their film careers; Pallavan (2003) released with little publicity and did not perform well at the box office. With Parker, he then began work on Ammuvagiya Naan (2007), which told the story of a commercial sex worker transforming herself into a housewife. Starring Parthiban and Bharathi, the film opened to positive reviews with a critic noting "writer-director Padma Magan has come out with a movie that augers well for the future of Tamil Cinema". The film was later screened at the 2007 International Film Festival of India in Goa, becoming the first Tamil venture since Nayakan (1987) to achieve such a feat. Despite the success of the film, Padmamagan failed to get producers for his next planned project, that revolving around the life of a seven-year-old child. He revealed that such failure to attract investors, made him give up a career in cinema and turned him into an alcoholic.
In 2012, he began work on his third film Netru Indru, a multi-starrer featuring Vimal, Prasanna and Richard amongst other actors. He produced the venture himself, alongside his wife Malathy, and revealed that it would be a socially relevant movie. The film had a low-key release in 2014 after several delays. In 2015, he began work on a project titled Boomi, which began shoot in Malaysia,
Filmography
Director
Writer
Style (2002) (dialogues)
References
Living people
Tamil film directors
Film directors from Tamil Nadu
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pradip Narayan Ghosh is an Indian physicist, and former Vice Chancellor of Jadavpur University and Dean of Science of prestigious Rajabazar Science College, University of Calcutta. He was born in Calcutta in 1948 and is son of Avarani and Asutosh Ghosh. His grandfather, Atul Krishna Ghosh was a distinguished lawyer and a political leader.
He graduated from Presidency College, Calcutta and had Masters and doctorate degree from the Science College campus of University of Calcutta. He was a post M Sc research associate of Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, Calcutta. He earned the Premchand Roychand Scholarship of the University of Calcutta. He joined Calcutta University as a Lecturer in Physics in 1971 at the age of 23. He has research contribution in the field of Atomic, Molecular and Laser Physics. He introduced the Laser Physics and Application course in the University of Calcutta in the early nineteen eighties.
He has publications on Electromagnetically Induced Transparency. He developed an inexpensive model for laser cooling of atoms, the first such experimental work in a university in India. He was a participant in the European Commission sponsored International Collaborative Project Coherent Optical Sensors for Medical Applications (COSMA) involving nine countries of the world. He worked on this project at Sofia and Siena.
He was Research Scientist at Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH), Zurich, Fellow of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation at Ulm, Mainz, Konstanz, Freiburg and Koeln in Germany, Senior Invitation Fellow of JSPS in Japan and a visiting professor at Indiana University.
He published more than a hundred and fifteen papers and three books:Laser Physics and Spectroscopy published by Taylor and Francis, in 2018, Physics with Cold Atoms''' and Physics Applications''
As vice chancellor of Jadavpur University he established a School of Nuclear Sciences and began a post graduate course on Nuclear Engineering, the first such course in India. He took initiative to establish Jadavpur University Press, a publication centre of the University.
He received a Mother Teresa Lifetime Achievement Award for contribution to education. He is former President of the Indian Physical Society and a founder member of the Indian Association of Physics Teachers.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Scholars from West Bengal
Philippe Bühler (born 29 November 1981) a.k.a. Philippe Heithier (named after his mother's birth name) is a German singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer and manager. He came to fame as a contestant on the second season of Deutschland sucht den Superstar, the German version of Pop Idol. Bühler was eliminated in the top 3 after receiving 29.12 percent of the vote.
Discography
Albums
2008: TBA
Singles
"Warum" (Why) (2005)
"Ich kann Dich lieben" (I can love you) (2006)
Performances
Top 50: "I'll Be There" (Jackson 5)
Wildcards: "Senorita" (Justin Timberlake)
Top 13: "Cosmic Girl" (Jamiroquai)
Top 11: "You Are Not Alone" (Michael Jackson)
Top 10: "Tainted Love" (Soft Cell)
Top 9: "Winter Wonderland"
Top 8: "I'm Still Standing" (Elton John)
Top 7: "For Once in My Life" (Stevie Wonder)
Top 6: "September" (Earth,Wind, and Fire)
Top 5: "Sie sieht mich nicht (She does not see me)" (Xavier Naidoo)
Top 4: "Walking Away" (Craig David)
Top 4: "Maria Maria" (Santana)
Top 3: "A Whiter Shade of Pale" (Procol Harum)
Top 3: "Respect" (Aretha Franklin) – Eliminado
References
1981 births
Living people
People from Friedrichshafen
21st-century German male singers
Deutschland sucht den Superstar participants
The Satu Mare ghetto was one of the Nazi-era ghettos for European Jews during World War II. It was located in the city of Satu Mare () in Satu Mare County, Transylvania, now part of Romania, but administered as part of Szatmár County by the Kingdom of Hungary from the 1940 Second Vienna Award's grant of Northern Transylvania until late 1944. The ghetto was active in the spring of 1944, following Operation Margarethe.
History
Due to the relatively high number of Jews in the county, including the Satmar Hasidic dynasty, Hungarian authorities set up two ghettos - one in Satu Mare, and one in Baia Mare. Carei was initially also a ghetto site for the Jews of that city and its surroundings. However, after a short period, the inhabitants, led by a Judenrat composed of István Antal, Jenő Pfefferman, Ernő Deutsch, and Lajos Jakobovics, were transferred to Satu Mare.
On April 26, a regional ghettoization conference took place at Satu Mare; there, the county's representatives included László Csóka, mayor of Satu Mare; Endre Boér, assistant to the county prefect; Zoltán Rogozi Papp, assistant to Csóka; Ernő Pirkler, the city's secretary general; and members of the police and gendarmerie. Shortly after the conference, a meeting set up committees for arresting Jews in the city and its surroundings. The meeting was chaired by Csóka, and attended by Károly Csegezi, Béla Sárközi, and Jenő Nagy of the police, and N. Deményi of the gendarmerie. Additionally, members of the finance and education committees of Satu Mare took part in the committee work. Within the city, Csóka administered the ghettoization, while Boér handled the rest of the county.
At its peak, there were some 18,000 residents in the ghetto. They had been rounded up from the following districts: Ardud, Baia Mare, Carei, Copalnic-Mănăștur, Csenger, Fehérgyarmat, Mátészalka, Orașu Nou, Satu Mare, Șomcuta Mare, and Seini. Sárközi, the policeman in charge of the National Central Alien Control Office's local branch, commanded the ghetto. The Judenrat was headed by Zoltán Schwartz, and included Jewish community head Samuel Rosenberg, Singer, Lajos Vinkler, and József Borgida, all highly respected figures among the city's Jews.
The search for valuables was undertaken with the usual level of cruelty by Sárközi, Csegezi, and Deményi. A special unit of fifty gendarmes from the Mérk area increased their efficiency. The ghetto was liquidated in six transports: May 19 (3,006), May 22 (3,300), May 26 (3,336), May 29 (3,306), May 30 (3,300), and June 1 (2,615), with a total of 18,863 Jews sent to Auschwitz concentration camp.
References
External links
Jewish Romanian history
Jewish Hungarian history
History of Satu Mare
Jewish ghettos in Nazi-occupied Hungary
1944 establishments in Hungary
The Königsberg Public Library () was a public library in Königsberg, Germany.
Background
The library developed from the personal collection of Johannes Poliander, who donated it to the town council of Altstadt in 1541. J. Lomoller donated 300 predominantly legal works in 1594. It was housed in Altstadt's pauper house after its construction in 1628. To it was added the collection of vice-mayor Heinrich Bartsch (1627–1702). His son, city secretary Heinrich Bartsch Jr., created a librarian position in 1714, made the collection public in 1718, and added his own Bible collection. The first librarians were Johann Jakob Quandt and Gottlieb Siegfried Bayer.
The library moved from the pauper house to the Altstadt Latin school in 1737 and then to the Altstadt Town Hall in 1773. In 1810 it moved to the Königshaus in Neue Sorge, which also housed the royal and university libraries at the same time. Theodor Gottlieb von Hippel the Younger donated another collection in 1837.
Into the 20th Century
By the second half of the 19th century, the public library was disorganized and in financial difficulties. It moved to the old campus of the University of Königsberg in Kneiphof in 1875 and was administered by August Wittich from 1875 to 1897. The councilor August Wilhelm Hensche donated his private collection in 1889. When the magistrate considered closing the library, Wittich focused on reorganizing the library and hiring a chief librarian, Ernst Seraphim. Seraphim energetically developed the library after Wittich's 1897 death and had the library rebuilt. Rudolf Reicke donated 2,150 volumes to the library in 1907. Two years later Seraphim and the library began publishing seven volumes of scientific publications with the title Mitteilungen.
Directors and destruction
Directors of the library included pastor Michael Lilienthal (1728 to 1748), Christian Jakob Kraus (1786 to 1804), Friedrich Adolf Meckelburg (1844 to 1875), August Wittich (1875 to 1897), Ernst Seraphim (from 1900), Christian Krollmann (from 1923), and Fritz Gause (from 1938). In 1939 the library contained 106,000 volumes. The Königsberg Public Library was destroyed in August 1944 during the Bombing of Königsberg in World War II.
References
1541 establishments in Europe
1945 disestablishments in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Public Library
Libraries in Germany
Libraries established in 1541
Libraries disestablished in 1945
Buildings and structures demolished in 1945
1-Butene (or 1-Butylene) is the organic compound with the formula CH3CH2CH=CH2. It is a colorless gas that is easily condensed to give a colorless liquid. It is classified as a linear alpha-olefin. It is one of the isomers of butene (butylene). It is a precursor to diverse products.
Reactions
Polymerization of 1-butene give polybutene, which is used to make piping for domestic plumbing. Its main application is as a comonomer in the production of certain kinds of polyethylene, such as linear low-density polyethylene (LLDPE). It has also been used as a precursor to polypropylene resins, butylene oxide, and butanone.
Manufacturing
1-Butene is produced by separation from crude C4 refinery streams and by ethylene dimerization. The former affords a mixture of 1-and 2-butenes, while the latter affords only the terminal alkene. It is distilled to give a very high purity product. An estimated 12 billion kilograms were produced in 2011.
See also
Butene
Dimer (chemistry)
Octene
References
Alkenes
es:Buteno#El 1-buteno
Moel-y-don is a community in Llanddaniel Fab, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 126 miles (202.7 km) from Cardiff and 208.1 miles (334.9 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Anna Katarina Boberg, née Scholander, (3 December 1864 – 27 January 1935) was a Swedish artist married to prominent architect Ferdinand Boberg. Anna Scholander was the daughter of architect Fredrik Wilhelm Scholander and the granddaughter of Axel Nyström. Boberg was a person of many artistic pursuits; initially she worked with ceramics and textiles (among other things she created "the Peacock vase" for Rörstrand) and besides painting she also worked with set design and writing, for example. She was of an artistic family, but never received any formal training in the arts, and is considered an autodidact. Many of her paintings are of northern Norway, which became Boberg's main focus for many years after a trip there in 1901. These works were not received very well in Sweden, but did much better in Paris. Boberg spent a great deal of time in the area near Lofoten in Norway, where she eventually had a cabin, and she made many of those trips on her own.
Life and work
Boberg was the sixth of seven children in the Scholander family. She studied French, and was briefly enrolled at the Académie Julian in Paris to study painting. Paris is also where she met future architect Ferdinand Boberg, who was there on a study trip. They were engaged in 1884. Ferdinand Boberg was at the time far from having his finances in order, but Boberg persuaded her mother Carin, née Nyström, to allow them to marry anyway; her father had died in 1881. Boberg lacked formal training but began painting already in 1882 during a trip to Spain with her mother and some of her siblings. Her father had found a profitable sideline in painting and drawing. The Bobergs married in 1888, initially staying with the Scholanders, until their improved economy allowed them to move into their own flat at Tegnérgatan 13 in Stockholm. In 1896 the couple had their summer house Villa Ugglebo built in Norra Djurgården in Stockholm. In the 1890s, Boberg joined Nya Idun, a women's association.
In 1887, Boberg began painting in earnest, mainly using watercolour, and she had her first exhibition in 1888. During the 1890s she also painted 'tapestries,' oil paintings on rough canvas reminiscent of woven tapestries. These 'tapestries' were displayed as wall decorations in, among other places, Hôtel Rydberg (which was later demolished, and the tapestries were transferred to Årsta Castle). She also created wall decorations for the Wallenberg Grand Hotel Saltsjöbaden. Boberg exhibited her work at the Palace of Fine Arts at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois.
Around the turn of the century 1800–1900 Boberg also worked with applied arts. She designed the Peacock Vase (Påfågelvasen) for Rörstrand in 1897 and glass for Reijmyre glassworks, as well as textile works. At the World Fair in Paris in 1900, where Ferdinand Boberg was the architect for the Swedish pavilion, Boberg created numerous textiles, which were woven by the Friends of Handicraft association () and the K.A. Almgren silk factory. She was also the writer and set designer for Wilhelm Stenhammar's opera Tirfing, performed in 1898.
During a trip to northern Sweden and Norway with her husband in 1901, Boberg was mesmerized by the grandiose scenery and nature of northern Norway, Lofoten in particular. During the following 33 years she painted mainly the landscapes and people of Lofoten, often in wintertime. In 1904, her husband designed a small house for her, which was built on the Fyrön island by Svolvær, where Boberg could stay during her many trips to Lofoten. She most often took these trips alone.
In 1903, Boberg showed her Lofoten paintings in Stockholm for the first time and the reactions were mixed. An exhibition in Paris in 1905 brought greater success and overwhelmingly positive feedback, laying the foundation for a prolific career in France. The last exhibition took place in 1927.
After 1915
When Ferdinand Boberg withdrew from his career as an architect in 1915, Boberg joined him on the many extensive journeys he made through Sweden for the "Swedish images" project. The trips were initially made in a Scania Vabis bus with a driver. Ferdinand Boberg sketched buildings of significance to the cultural heritage, to document areas he thought would disappear within a not too distant future. Boberg made diary notes along the way, the result of which was later published.
In 1925, the Bobergs were forced to sell on Södra Djurgården, designed by Ferdinand, where they had lived since 1903. After this, they moved to Paris. In March 1929, the couple returned to Stockholm, residing in Villa Blecktornet on Södermalm until Boberg's death from gall bladder surgery complications in 1935. Swedish royalty Crown Prince Gustav Adolf, Princess Ingrid and Prince Bertil attended her funeral.
References
This is a translation of the Swedish Wikipedia article on Anna Boberg with some additions. The Swedish article cites:
Ann Thorson Walton: Ferdinand Boberg – Architect, MIT Press, 1994, .
Marianne Nyström: Bobergs. Anna Scholander och Ferdinand Boberg, Carlssons 1992, .
Tidskriften Idun
Cited works
Further reading
Gapp, I, 2021. An Arctic Impressionism?: Anna Boberg and the Lofoten Islands. In: Burns, E.C. &
Price, A.M.R. Mapping Impressionist Painting in Transnational Contexts, Routledge. London.
External link
1864 births
1935 deaths
Swedish women painters
Artists from Stockholm
Burials at Norra begravningsplatsen
Members of Nya Idun
Enaj (, also Romanized as Enāj and Anāj; also known as Shahrak-e Shahīd Rejā'ī) is a town in Enaj Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,464, in 1400 families.
References
Populated places in Khondab County
Villanelle, FP 74, by Francis Poulenc is a piece of chamber music composed in 1934. It was written for recorder and piano. The execution time is about 2 minutes.
Genesis
The work was commissioned by the Australian Louise Hanson-Dyer, who inserted it into a collection of pieces for piano and recorder (entitled Pipeau).
Reception and legacy
Because of its modesty, this piece is rarely performed. The instrument for which it is written, the recorder, deprives it of a real notoriety. It is not mentioned in the catalog of works of the composer established by the biographer Henri Hell.
Sources
.
.
References
External links
Villanelle. FP 74 on Bibliothèque nationale de France
Villanelle pour pipeau et piano FP 74 on IMSLP
FP 74, Villanelle in "The Music of Francis Poulenc (1899-1963): A Catalogue
Poulenc: Villanelle for piccolo (pipe) and piano in Presto Classico
Villanelle pour piccolo et piano on Hyperion
Francis Poulenc - Villanelle for Piccolo and Piano on YouTube
Compositions by Francis Poulenc
Chamber music
1934 compositions
Clostridium hydrogeniformans is a Gram-positive, anaerobic, hydrogen-producing, spore-forming and motile bacterium from the genus Clostridium which has been isolated from groundwater in the United States.
References
Bacteria described in 2010
hydrogeniformans
GAC-Stellantis, formerly GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. was an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Changsha, China. It is a 50:50 joint-venture between the GAC Group and Stellantis. The company was founded on 9 March 2010. Fiat agreed to invest an initial US$559 million in the venture.
History
Fiat and GAC signed a joint venture agreement in Rome on 6 July 2009, in the presence of Chinese President Hu Jintao and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. Construction of GAC Fiat facilities in Changsha began on 26 November 2009, with a groundbreaking ceremony attended by the Italian ambassador to China, the provincial leaders of Hunan and Guangdong, and city leaders of Changsha and Guangzhou. GAC Fiat Automobiles Co., Ltd. was incorporated on 9 March 2010.
The Changsha assembly plant was officially opened on 28 June 2012, in a ceremony attended by Fiat chief executive Sergio Marchionne and representatives of Hunan and Guandong provinces.
In January 2013, it was announced that GAC Fiat would be also expanded to include Chrysler, and that, GAC Fiat would construct a new assembly plant in Guangzhou for the production of Jeep products.
In January 2015, GAC Fiat was renamed as GAC Fiat Chrysler.
In January 2022, Stellantis announced a plan to take majority stake of the joint venture.
In July 2022, Stellantis announced their intent to terminate the joint venture with GAC, shutting down local operations and moving towards importation.
Operations
GAC Fiat has facilities in Changsha, with an annual production capacity of 140,000 cars and 220,000 engines, covering around 700,000 m2. Vehicle production began in June 2012, with the Fiat Viaggio four-door sedan. Later, the company started to manufacture the Ottimo (the hatchback version of the Viaggio). In October 2013, GAC Fiat announced the construction of a second manufacturing plant in Guangzhou In November 2014, Fiat Chrysler and GAC expanded their partnership to produce Jeep vehicles. The Changsha plant began assembling the Jeep Cherokee in October 2015 and the Guangzhou plant began assembling the Jeep Renegade in April 2016. In late 2016, the Guangzhou plant began assembling the Jeep Compass. In 2018, the Changsha plant began manufacturing the Jeep Grand Commander.
Former production
Sales figures
References
External links
2010 establishments in China
Car manufacturers of China
Manufacturing companies based in Hunan
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 2010
GAC Group joint ventures
Stellantis
Chinese-foreign joint-venture companies
Companies based in Changsha
Death Seed may refer to:
in the Star Wars universe, the
Death Seed starfighter
The Death Seed plague
Zhang Huichong (1898–1962) was a Cantonese director, actor, sailor, and magician. He was the fifth oldest out of eleven total brothers in his extended family and the eldest brother in his immediate family. His brothers Zhang Qingpu and Zhang Huimin also worked in the film industry and founded their own film company called Huaju. One of his younger brothers, Zhang Damin, was the ex-husband of the famous silent film actress, Ruan Lingyu. Zhang Huichong is known for helping Ruan Lingyu start her acting career by urging her to audition for films and introducing her to a film producing company.
Films
Zhang Huichong directed and starred in many films throughout the 1920s. Several years into his acting career, he created his own company called Huichong Film Company. Zhang directed and starred in several martial arts films while he was running this company. They were some of the first martial arts films seen in China. Over time, martial arts cinema was refined by Zhang Huichong and Zhang Huimin. The two brothers shaped an ideal modern form for the genre. Zhang Huichong has also been credited as one of China's first martial arts film stars.
Films Starred In
1922 – The Lotus Falls; directed by Ren Pengnian
1922 – The Good Brothers; dir. Ren Pengnian
1923 – The Patriotic Umbrella; dir. Ren Pengnian
1924 – The Stupid Policeman; dir. Chen Shouyin
1925 – The Newlyweds' Home; dir. Ren Jinpin
1926 – The Unknown Hero; dir. Zhang Shichuan
1927 – Fallen Plum Blossoms (3 parts); dir. Zhang Shichuan
1927 – Tian Qilang (Adaptation); dir. Zhang Shichuan
1927 – Ma Yongzhen From Shandong; dir. Zhang Shichuan
1929 – Hero With No Foes; dir. Shao Zuiweng
1929 – China's Top Detective; dir. Xu Wenrong
1930 – Love and Revenge; dir. Bu Wancang
Films Starred and Directed
1924 – When Water Goes Down, Rocks Appear
1924 – Five O'Clock
1925 – Out of the Hell
1926 – Seizing a National Treasure
1927 – Hero of the Waters
1928 – The Little Tyrant Wang Zhangchong
1930 – Robber of the Yellow Sea
References
Chinese film directors
Chinese male film actors
Cantonese people
1898 births
1962 deaths
Chechen-Ool Mongush (28 May 1972, Khayelrakan, Tuva - died c. 9 June 2013) was a Russian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
He was strangled to death in June 2013 by a man who confessed to the athlete's killing.
References
1972 births
2013 deaths
People from Dzun-Khemchiksky District
Tuvan people
Olympic wrestlers of Russia
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Russian male sport wrestlers
Male murder victims
Russian murder victims
People murdered in Russia
Deaths by strangulation
Thomas Gibson (16 March 1667 – 21 September 1744) was an English banker and politician. A younger son of gentry from the North Riding of Yorkshire, he made his career as a banker in London and held finance-related public offices for most of his life.
Gibson was the fifth son of John Gibson of Welburn in Yorkshire, whose ancestor Sir John Gibson had bought the manor of Welburn in 1597. Thomas Gibson became a partner in the banking firm of Gibson, Jacob, and Jacomb of Lothbury in London, where he financed coal mines in the north of England.
Gibson became surveyor of petty customs in London in 1708. Through the bank he developed a friendship with Robert Walpole, the Prime Minister from 1721 to 1742, who appointed him in 1714 as cashier to the pay office. Gibson held the office until his death.
Walpole brought Gibson into the House of Commons at the 1722 general election as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Marlborough.
He held that seat until he stood down at the 1734 general election, but was brought in two years later at an uncontested by-election for Yarmouth. He held the seat until death on 21 September 1744, aged 67.
References
1667 births
1744 deaths
People from Ryedale (district)
English bankers
Members of Parliament for the Isle of Wight
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
British MPs 1741–1747
Nickel bis(stilbenedithiolate) is a coordination complex with the formula Ni(S2C2Ph2)2 (where Ph = phenyl). It exists as a black solid that gives green solutions in toluene. The complex is a prototype of a large family of bis(dithiolene) complexes or the formula Ni(S2C2R2)2 (R = H, alkyl, aryl). These complexes have attracted much attention as dyes. They are of academic interest because the dithiolenes are noninnocent ligands. The lengths of the C-S and C-C bonds in the backbone, respectively 1.71 and 1.39 Å, are intermediate between double and single bonds.
The complex was prepared originally by treating nickel sulfide with diphenylacetylene. High yielding syntheses involve treating nickel salts with sulfided benzoin. The complex reacts with ligands to form monodithiolene complexes of the type Ni(S2C2Ph2)L2.
References
Coordination complexes
Chelating agents
Coordination chemistry
Intragenic may refer to:
Intragenic, a proposed designation for genetic modifications which originate in a common genome
Intragenic region, a term from which intron is derived
Abdul Kadir Mappong was the first Deputy Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Indonesia for judicial affairs. Mappong had initially been appointed as a member of the Supreme Court of Indonesia in the year 2000 before his eventual retirement from the judiciary in the year 2013.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Justices of the Supreme Court of Indonesia
21st-century Indonesian judges
Sooke Mountain Provincial Park is a Class B provincial park located at the southern end of Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada. The park was established on June 25, 1928, to protect local wildlife and preserve the scenic wilderness of the area. Sooke Mountain is now part of the larger Sea to Sea Green Blue Belt surrounding Greater Victoria.
History
The park was originally used as a wilderness destination by the Canadian Pacific Railway where visitors could stay at a private lodge overlooking Sheilds Lake. The lodge burned down in the 1960s with only its brick foundation remaining.
The park and its neighbouring properties was logged during the 1950s.
Activities
The park is largely undeveloped with no park facilities. Fishing, hunting, and backcountry hiking are popular activities. Off-road vehicles are prohibited within the park.
See also
Sooke Potholes Provincial Park
Strathcona-Westmin Provincial Park
References
External links
Greater Victoria
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1928
1928 establishments in British Columbia
Fort Srebrna Góra or Srebrnogórska Fortress (, lit. Silver Mountain Fort) is a former military fort, now a monument and a museum, located in the town of Srebrna Góra (lit. Silver Mountain), Lower Silesian Voivodeship, Poland. It was constructed in 1765–1777 when the territory was part of the Kingdom of Prussia.
The fort is one of Poland's official national Historic Monuments (Pomnik historii), as designated May 1, 2004. Its listing is maintained by the National Heritage Board of Poland. It has been declared a rare example of a surviving European 18th century mountain stronghold.
The fort has been called a "Gibraltar of Prussia", or "Gibraltar of Silesia", a reference to its foundation in solid bedrock.
History
The fortress in Srebrna Góra was built in 1764–1777 by the order of Frederick II, the King of Prussia. It was designed by Prussian architect Ludwig Wilhelm Regeler, aided by a number of Prussian military engineers. Minor additional works took place in the following years, but no major alterations were made; construction of a nearby flanked fort was begun but was quickly abandoned. The complex is composed of six forts, several bastions, and associated elements. The main fort of the complex is the central Donżon Fort on the Warowna Góra hill.
The complex is located on the heights of the Sudety Mountains, a body which forms a natural border between the Kłodzko Valley and the Silesian Lowlands. It controls the passage through the Silver Valley (Polish: Przełęcz Srebrna, German: Silberbergpass). The fort spans three hills: Ostróg (627 meters above sea level), Warowna Góra (686m), and Wielki Chochoł (740m). The fort could shelter a garrison of 4000 soldiers, supplied to survive a year-long siege. It was defended by 264 artillery pieces. The fortress was intended to guard a route linking Prussian territories with Bohemian lands in the south, and thus help repel any possible incursions from Austria. The cost of the construction was reported as 4.5 million Prussian thalers.
The fortress was never captured by the enemy while besieged. On 28 June 1807 it successfully resisted a siege by Napoleonic forces during the War of the Fourth Coalition; this was the only time the fortress was the site of an active battle. By 1860 it was declared obsolete and the garrison reduced in size; it was abandoned as an active military stronghold in 1867. The fortress has survived till modern day with relatively little modernization or damage, contributing to its valuable status as a historical monument of its era. It served as a military training grounds, and by the end of the 19th century was already a tourist attraction, with a restaurant opened in the fort by 1885. A youth hostel opened there in 1913, a museum in 1931, and by the 1930s it was visited by 50,000 tourists each year.
During World War II the fortress served as Prisoner-of-war camp (Oflag VII „b” 1939-1941, Stalag 367 1941–1945). It was used as a prison for Polish officers imprisoned by the Germans. Notable prisoners included Counter Admiral Stefan Frankowski, General Tadeusz Piskor and Rear-Admiral Józef Unrug. After the war, the fortress was parts of the lands transferred from Germany to Poland. In 1961 it was added to the Polish register of objects of cultural heritage. In 1973 a military museum was opened in the Fort. In 2002 it was declared a culture park, and in 2004 it was recognized as a Historic Monument (Pomnik historii).
Current status
The fort is open to tourists.
A historical reenactment group in the region continues the tradition of the Prussian infantry unit station in the fort.
References
Further reading
External links
Fortress Museum homepage
Infrastructure completed in 1777
Ząbkowice Śląskie County
Srebrna Gora
Objects of cultural heritage in Poland
Tourist attractions in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Prussian forts
Gordon Büch (born 25 October 1995) is a German footballer who plays for Luxembourgian Racing FC.
References
Living people
1995 births
Association football defenders
German footballers
Tennis Borussia Berlin players
Hertha Zehlendorf players
FC Ingolstadt 04 players
FC Ingolstadt 04 II players
TSV Buchbach players
Hertha BSC II players
Racing FC Union Luxembourg players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Footballers from Berlin
Ignacio Elosu (born 31 October 1980) is a rugby union player whose principal position is prop. He has previously played for Exeter Chiefs in Premiership Rugby and he joined Esher RFC in the RFU Championship from Exeter in the summer of 2011.
References
External links
Aviva Premiership Player Profile
1980 births
Living people
Argentine rugby union players
Exeter Chiefs players
Rugby union players from Buenos Aires
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in England
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in France
Rugby union props
The Social Credit Party of Saskatchewan (originally known as the Social Credit League of Saskatchewan) was a political party in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan that promoted social credit economic theories from the mid-1930s to the mid-1970s.
Social Credit first appeared in Saskatchewan in the 1935 federal election, when the party received 20% of the popular vote and won two seats in Kindersley and The Battlefords.
The party fought its first election campaign in the 1938 provincial election, and won 15.90% of the popular vote. Because Saskatchewan, like the other provinces and the federal government of Canada, uses the 'first past the post' system for electing its Legislative Assembly, only two of the 40 Social Credit candidates won election in 52 seats available in the legislature. MP Joseph Needham was president of the provincial party in the 1930s into the 1940s.
In the subsequent election in 1944, Social Credit collapsed: it nominated only one candidate, who won only 249 votes (0.06% of the provincial popular vote).
Social Credit recovered somewhat in the 1948 provincial election, nominating 36 candidates and winning 8.09% of the popular vote.
In the 1956 provincial election, Social Credit nominated candidates in all 53 ridings, and won 21.48% of the popular vote, but only three of its candidates were elected.
Its vote fell to 12.35% in the 1960 election. Although the party nominated a few candidates in the two subsequent elections, (1964 and 1967), it could not win more than 0.45% of the popular vote or win a seat. The party did not contest elections after 1967.
Ed Nasserden, leader of the Progressive Conservative Party, called for the merger of the two parties in November 1970. The Social Credit and Progressive Conservative Parties entered into talks about merging from November 1970 to February 1971. The move was mostly supported by the Progressive Conservatives, as some members of the Social Credit Party were, according to former leader Lloyd Avram, "...skeptical of our ability to get our views of monetary reform across in a merged party."
Members of the Social Credit Party voted against a merger with the Progressive Conservative Party in February 1971. Following the vote, the Social Credit Party emerged as a divided party, and did not contest the 1971 and 1975 provincial elections. From 1971 to 1975 the Social Credit Party did not have a leader, and chose to focus on educating the people of Saskatchewan about the party's beliefs and values.
See also
Canadian social credit movement
Social Credit Party of Canada
List of Saskatchewan political parties
Politics of Saskatchewan
References
Saskatchewan
Provincial political parties in Saskatchewan
Defunct political parties in Canada
1930s establishments in Saskatchewan
Political parties established in the 1930s
1970s disestablishments in Saskatchewan
Political parties disestablished in the 1970s
Louis Joseph Barnes (13 January 1906 – 2 June 1983) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Barnes was born at Gympie, Queensland, the son of George Daniel Barnes and his wife Bridget Maria (née Gorey). He was educated at the Christian Brothers' College in Gympie and after leaving school was a tea merchant in 1932, a traveler for the Castlemaine Perkins and from 1947 until 1975 a men's Mercer at Beaudesert.
On 24 April 1934 he married Muriel Eileen Burke (died 1978) and together had two sons. Later changing his middle name to Gabriel, Barnes died at Southport in June 1983 and was buried in the Southport Lawn Cemetery.
Public career
Barnes, a member of the King O'Malley Labor Party, won the 1942 by-election for the seat of Cairns in the Queensland Legislative Assembly. The by-election was caused by the death of John O'Keefe in January of that year. He went on to represent the electorate until 1947 when he was defeated by Thomas Crowley at that year's state elections.
After his defeat, Barnes was an alderman on the Gold Coast City Council from 1949 until 1952. His brother, Frank Barnes, was the member for Bundaberg from 1941 to 1950.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
1906 births
1983 deaths
20th-century Australian politicians
Kaya Wittenburg (born August 24, 1972, in Wisconsin) is a fashion model, businessman and actor from the United States. He is best known for his international modeling career, walking runways in Europe, Asia, Africa and South America.
He appeared on a number of TV shows, including Season One of Temptation Island, and created and produced a reality television series based on his modeling agency Ocean Models, based in Miami, Florida.
Early life
Wittenburg was born in Brookfield, Wisconsin to his mother, a real estate agent, and his father, a transportation executive. He began life with ambitions for a career in television, but due to the lack of opportunities in Wisconsin, he started pursuing a career in medicine, studying Biology and Psychology at Marquette University in Milwaukee. While at University, he worked as an anesthesia technician. After graduation he worked at a hospital in Arizona, which he left to pursue a career in modeling.
Career
Modeling
While working at a hospital in Arizona, Wittenburg met the owner of a Modeling agency based in Italy who gave him representation in Milan. He went on to work for the designer Gianni Versace for fitting, print and runway work. Wittenburg then spent the next several years working across the globe as an international fashion model. He was one of the top 100 male models in the world ; walking runways in Europe, Asia, Africa and South America, and worked for designers Giorgio Armani, Hugo Boss, Gianni Versace and Carol Pignatelli.
TV and films
Since modeling, Wittenburg has appeared in a number of TV shows, beginning with Fox's reality series Temptation Island with his then girlfriend, Valerie Penso. After the show, he was interviewed by Jay Leno, and appeared in a number of TV shows including MTV's A Perfect Date and the USA Network's Cannonball Run 2001.
Wittenburg has also appeared in a number of TV shows as a fashion expert, including the BBC documentary The Hollywood Stories and ITV's GMTV. Wittenburg has also appeared as himself and won a Celebrity Newsmakers episode of The Weakest Link, as well as on the premiere episode of the short-lived 2003 game show Dirty Rotten Cheater.
In 2013 Wittenburg created and produced a reality TV series, Ocean Models, directed by Josh Souza.
Finding Exhilaration
Wittenburg is the co-author (with Valerie Penso) of an autobiographical book about their careers, called Finding Exhilaration, published by Trafford in 2002.
Business
After his TV appearances, Wittenburg moved into business, first in real estate and later opening his own modeling agency. After working for Majestic Properties he went on to be the President of Titanium X Global Properties. In 2010 Wittenburg founded Ocean Models with co-founder Josh Souza, based in Miami. Models from the agency have been photographed in Vogue and Elle Magazine. He also founded Miami based real estate firm Sky Five Properties.
Wittenburg was on the board of Directors for the Miami Beach Chamber of Commerce from 2007 to 2008. In 2007 Wittenberg was judge of Rothschild Business Planning Competition at the University of Miami.
Filmography
References
Male models from Wisconsin
People from Brookfield, Wisconsin
Marquette University alumni
21st-century American biologists
American psychologists
Male actors from Phoenix, Arizona
American television personalities
1972 births
Living people
Greg Phillip Stevens (born November 24, 1935) was a provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the governing Progressive Conservative caucus from 1979 to 1989.
Political career
Stevens ran for a seat to the Alberta Legislature in the reconstituted electoral district of Banff-Cochrane in the 1979 Alberta general election. He won his first term in office with a landslide defeating three other candidates to take the district for the Progressive Conservatives.
Stevens was appointed to the Executive Council of Alberta by Premier Peter Lougheed as Minister Without Portfolio in charge of Personnel Management. He continued to serve that position after winning his second term in office in the 1982 Alberta general election.
When Don Getty became Premier in 1986 Stevens was appointed as Minister of Culture and Multiculturalism. He served that position after being returned handily for his third term the 1986 Alberta general election until his retirement at the dissolution of the Assembly in 1989.
References
External links
Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing
1935 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Alberta
Politicians from Toronto
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta MLAs
Grace Neville (1898–1973) was an American screenwriter.
Biography
Grace Neville was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, to Benjamin Neville and Helen Turnell. She was added to the scenario department at Columbia Pictures in 1935. She later served as an officer in the Hollywood Studio Club, which aimed to prepare women for careers in the film industry. Neville — who never married — died in West Hollywood, where she resided, in 1973.
Selected filmography
Little Miss Roughneck (1938)
All American Sweetheart (1937)
Counsel for Crime (1937)
The Game That Kills (1937)
Motor Madness (1937)
Find the Witness (1937)
Shakedown (1936)
Dangerous Intrigue (1936)
Air Hawks (1935)
References
Bibliography
Larry Langman & Daniel Finn. A Guide to American Crime Films of the Thirties. Greenwood Press, 1995.
External links
1898 births
1973 deaths
People from Chattanooga, Tennessee
Screenwriters from Tennessee
American women screenwriters
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American screenwriters
The following is a List of professorships at the University of Aberdeen.
College of Arts and Social Sciences
Aberdeen Asset Management Professor of Finance and Investment Management
Jaffrey Professor of Political Economy
MacRobert Professor of Land Economy
Schlumberger Professor of Petroleum Economics
University of Aberdeen Business School
School of Divinity, History and Philosophy
Regius Professor of Humanity
Regius Chair of Logic
Regius Chair of Moral Philosophy
King's Chair of Systematic Theology (1620)
Marischal Chair of Divinity (1616)
Established Chair of Hebrew and Semitic Languages (1637)
Burnett-Fletcher Chair of History
Chair in Practical Theology and Pastoral Care
School of Education
School of Language & Literature
Regius Chair of English Literature
School of Law
Professor of Jurisprudence
Professor of Scots Law
Professor of Civil Law
Professor of Public Law
Notable former holders of the above posts include Prof David Daube, Prof Peter Stein, Neil Kennedy, and Prof T B Smith
School of Social Science
College of Life Sciences and Medicine
School of Biological Sciences
Regius Chair of Botany
Schools of Medical Sciences and Medicine
Chair of Anaesthesia and Intensive Care
Regius Chair of Anatomy
Chair of Bone Metabolism
Chair of Child Health
Chair of Environmental and Occupational Medicine
Chair of Epidemiology
Chair of Gastroenterology
James Mackenzie Chair of General Practice
Chair of Genetics
Chair of Haematology
Chair of Immunology
Chair of Medical Education
Chair of Medical Genetics
Chair of Medical Mycology
Chair of Medical Statistics
Regius Chair of Medicine
Chair of Medicine (Care of the Elderly)
Chair of Medicine and Therapeutics
Chair of Mental Health
Chair of Microbiology
Chair of Molecular and Cell Biology
Chair of Molecular Toxicology
Regius Chair of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (previously Regius Chair of Midwifery)
Chair of Ophthalmology
Sir Harry Platt Chair of Orthopaedic Surgery
Chair of Paediatric Surgery
Regius Chair of Pathology
Regius Chair of Physiology
Chair of Physiology & Pharmacology Education
NHS Grampian Chair of Primary Care
Chair of Public Health
GHB Chair of Public Health Medicine
Roland Sutton Chair of Radiology
Chair of Reproductive Medicine
Chair of Rheumatology
Chair of Rural Health
Regius Chair of Surgery
Chair of Surgical Oncology
School of Psychology
College of Physical Sciences
School of Engineering and Physical Sciences
Regius Chair of Natural History
School of Geosciences
This list is incomplete
Pannoniasaurus is an extinct genus of tethysaurine mosasauroid known from the Late Cretaceous Csehbánya Formation (Santonian stage) of Hungary. It contains a single species, Pannoniasaurus inexpectatus, dubbed "unexpected" because it was discovered in freshwater sediments, unlike other mosasaurs, which were marine predators. It was a medium-sized mosasaur, reaching up to in length.
Discovery and naming
The holotype (MTM 2011.43.1) and referred specimens have been collected from the alluvial sediments of the Csehbánya Formation from various exposures at the Iharkút open-pit bauxite mine, Bakony Hills, Western Hungary since the discovery of the locality in 2000. A single vertebra has been collected in 1999 from the Ajka Coal Formation at the waste dump of the coal mines next to the town of Ajka, 20 km from Iharkút. Currently more than one hundred bones of Pannoniasaurus, sourced from a large number of individuals of differing age classes, are known from the alluvial flood-plain deposits that comprise the Csehbánya Formation. All specimens of Pannoniasaurus are currently housed in the Hungarian Natural History Museum, Budapest, Hungary.
Description
Pannoniasaurus was a medium-sized mosasauroid, estimated to grow up to a maximum of in length. It exhibited a combination of primitive characteristics, such as having no predental rostrum, the premaxilla-maxilla suture ends anterior to or level with the midline of the fourth maxillary tooth, a nearly straight frontoparietal suture, and a shallow quadrate alar concavity. It also had elongated stapedial pit that was at least three times longer than it was wide.
Tethysaurus is the type genus, as it is the best-represented genus of the subfamily, known from multiple partial skeletons. Thus the subfamily name derives from the name of its type genus.
Pannoniasaurus is known from various material, including 2 isolated premaxillae, 3 maxillae, 2 postorbitofrontals, 2 quadrates, 3 dentaries, 3 splenials, 3 angulars, a coronoid, 2 surangulars, an articular, 91 isolated teeth, 20 cervical, 40 dorsal, 4 sacral, and 18 caudal vertebrae, 34 vertebral fragments, 3 ribs, 2 humeral fragments, and 4 ilia. Since all remains are isolated bones, the basis for the referral of this material to Pannoniasaurus is based on similar methods used by other authors, such as Houssaye et al. in their study of Pachyvaranus crassispondylus in 2011. The paratypes are known by MTM V.01.115, a left quadrate, and MTM 2007.31.1, a fragmentary left quadrate. Though all remains (including the holotype) of Pannoniasaurus are isolated bones, the density of the specimens, the various size classes, the large number of similar elements from individual animals, and their unique characters, make it possible to link them together into a single taxon.
The preserved part of the maxilla bears 12 tooth sockets but the original maxillary tooth count might have been much higher. A number of isolated teeth were attributed to Pannoniasaurus that are similar to Halisaurus, being conical and curved posterolingually, bear crowns with fine anastomosing longitudinal striae, and have a strong mesial but weaker labiodistal carina.
A single vertebra of Pannoniasaurus (MTM V.2000.21), as well as a variety of fish and crocodile teeth, were collected from the waste dump of the subterranean Ajka coal mine. The Ajka Coal Formation interdigitates with the Csehbánya Formation, the depositional environment of the latter was a floodplain, while the Ajka Coal Formation was formed in the accumulation basin of the same river system. Both of these facies were formed in the same paleogeographic area, which itself might have been part of a larger, but isolated landmass.
Classification
Analysis by Makádi et al. found three equally most parsimonious trees that placed Pannoniasaurus in a new clade, the Tethysaurinae. The three trees reconstructed Pannoniasaurus as the sister taxon to the clade that includes Tethysaurus nopcsai, Yaguarasaurus columbianus, and Russellosaurus coheni. Tethysaurinae was reconstructed at the base of a clade that includes the aigialosaurs Carsosaurus, Komensaurus, and Haasiasaurus, and the clades that include conventional marine mosasaur-grade mosasauroids such as halisaurs, tylosaurs and plioplatecarpines. The concept of a monophyletic clade of aigialosaurs from within which a polyphyletic Mosasauridae arises (two major lineages of a grade of paddle-bearing marine mosasaurs), is supported, and provides further support for the hypothesis of convergent aquatic adaptations in paddle-bearing mosasaurs.
The discovery of Pannoniasaurus indicates that, similar to some lineages of cetaceans, mosasauroids quickly radiated into a variety of aquatic environments, with some groups reinvading available niches in freshwater habitats, and becoming highly specialized within those ecosystems.
Paleobiology
Geochemical and isotopic data are most compatible with Pannoniasaurus having lived in a predominantly freshwater ecosystem, and evidence suggests strongly that Pannoniasaurus was not a seasonal migrant from marine waters into fresh, but rather that ecologically it was a permanent member of a freshwater fauna. With the discovery and description of Pannoniasaurus, mosasauroid evolution is now understood as also having involved important and unsuspected adaptations to freshwater ecosystems. The size of Pannoniasaurus makes it the largest known predator in the waters of this paleoenvironment. Additionally, the crocodile-like flattened skull (as indicated by the premaxilla and maxilla) was a useful adaptation for water-level ambush hunting of terrestrial and shallow water prey.
Limbs
It is difficult to estimate how the unknown girdle and limb elements of Pannonisasaurus may have looked. It had a primitive vertebral column, a posteriorly oriented ilium and an elongated humerus with a distal epiphysis, all most similar to aigialosaurs. These suggest that P. inexpectatus had an overall aigialosaur-like postcranial morphology (including plesiopelvia and plesiopedia). However, Dallasaurus, for example, has an anteriorly oriented, hydropelvic ilium in combination with primitive-looking proximal limb elements, and therefore a flattened, derived distal limb morphology is not entirely impossible for that taxon. For Pannoniasaurus a primitive morphology of the complete limbs in correlation with the primitive axial skeleton and pelvis is more probable, but far from certain. It is possible that the retention of a robust sacrum, pelvis and possibly non-paddle-like limbs were used to help to propel the body forward from the bottom during prey-capture in shallow water, similar to extant crocodiles.
References
Fossil taxa described in 2012
Russellosaurins
Mosasaurs of Europe
Bernardo Salim Ribeiro (9 October 19897 May 2016) was a Brazilian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. As a young player he moved to Europe, where he played in Italy, Albania (where he won the national championship of 2012 with Skënderbeu Korçë), and Finland. He also played in the Australian first division. Upon returning to Brazil, he died in the aftermath of a match for an amateur club after suffering cardiac arrest.
Career
Early life
Bernardo grew up in Nova Friburgo, where he first started playing basketball at the age of 5, but being the shortest player on his team he struggled to make an impact. He then turned his attention to football at a young age, which became his passion. Bernardo also had an Italian passport. His mother Dr Jamila Calil Salim Ribeiro, a neurosurgeon, served at times as alderman and health secretary of Nova Friburgo and stood in 2010 for the Partido Popular Socialista as candidate for the federal parliament.
Youth
He was spotted by Flamengo and joined the club in 1999 at the age of 9, where he played for the youth levels, where he was even captain. During his teens with Flamengo he featured in many youth tournaments such as the FIFA Youth Cup, where he was acknowledged as "gaining a reputation for his pin-point passes and ability to read play".
Skënderbeu Korçë in Albania
In February 2011 he moved to the Albanian champions Skënderbeu Korçë. Ownership issues prevented the transfer from becoming official before the end of June 2011. In the season 2011-12 the club defended the league title, but Ribeiro did not get beyond five short second half stints in the team where he scored one goal. At the beginning of the season he also played in two matches of the European Champions League Qualification, where the opponent Apoel Nicosia prevailed with an aggregate result of 6-0.
Newcastle United Jets in Australia
On 6 August 2012 he signed for the Australian A-League club Newcastle Jets. Newcastle finished the season 8th amongst the ten clubs. In none of his six matches for the Jets Ribeiro was used for the full 90 minutes, but three times he was part of the starting line-up.
IFK Mariehamn in Finland
After the end of the A-League season Ribeiro moved to Finland where he joined first division club IFK Mariehamn midseason, as in the Scandinavian country seasons follow the calendar year. There he was to substitute his injured compatriot Diego Assis. From matchday 21 on 29 July he was in the starting formation for the remaining 13 matches and scored two goals. The club finished the league on the 4th spot. 2014 he played in 19 leagues matches for the side, which finished this time as 5th. In both seasons Marienhamn also advanced to the semifinals of the national cup competition.
Return to Brazil
After this he returned to Brazil where in August 2015 he joined the cast of EC Internacional in the city of Lages in the southern Brazilian state of Santa Catarina. At that stage Ribeiro was not authorised to play for the club which then was competing in the national fourth division, the Série D. Inter de Lages hoped to use Ribeiro from the beginning of 2016 in the state championship.
However Ribeiro was presented the opportunity to return to his hometown Nova Friburgo and Inter de Lages allowed him on the best of terms to leave for Friburguense AC. In February 2016 he married Katie Ayscough, originating from Maitland near Newcastle whom he met when playing in Australia. Inter de Lages president Cristopher Nunes attended the festivities. In the 2016 Rio de Janeiro State Championship Ribeiro played in nine of the 15 matches of his new club which ended up relegated.
After the end of the season he joined for the time being amateur club Ideal EC in Recreio, a small provincial city in the state of Minas Gerais ca. 100 km north of Nova Friburgo. With the club he contested the matches for the IV Copa dos Campeões, organised by the Liga Esportiva de Cataguases (→ Cataguases). At the match against AD Independente of Argirita that started at 20:00 hours on 7 May 2016 he felt unwell shortly before half-time of a match in the Estádio Alcides Campos. He was substituted and still in the lawn suffered a cardiac arrest. He was seen to by paramedics on location and soon transferred to the local hospital São Sebastião where he was declared dead at ca. 21:30 hours in the evening.
His brother Luiz Gabriel Salim Ribeiro, generally known as Gabriel Ribeiro, born 1 September 1984, pursued at the time a career in Italian amateur football.
Honours
Skënderbeu Korçë
Championship of Albania: 2012
References
External links
O esporte de Nova Friburgo se despede de mais um talento, Jornal A Voz da Serra, 8 May 2016.
Acordamos hoje com o choque de uma..., Inter de Lages, Facebook, 8 September 2016
Tragédia na Vila: camisa 10 do Ideal morre durante partida, Pólis Recreio, 8 May 2016. (With photo of Ribeiro in the shirt of Ideal. The facts of the accompanying text are disputable.)
1989 births
2016 deaths
People from Nova Friburgo
Brazilian footballers
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo footballers
KF Skënderbeu Korçë players
Esporte Clube Internacional de Lages players
Kategoria Superiore players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Newcastle Jets FC players
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Association football players who died while playing
Sport deaths in Brazil
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Australia
IFK Mariehamn players
Veikkausliiga players
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
A-League Men players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
|}
The Magnolia Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Kempton Park over a distance of 1 mile 1 furlong and 219 yards (2,011 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late March or early April.
It was switched to Kempton's newly opened all-weather track in 2006.
From 1994 to 2007 the race took place during the Easter weekend. It is now usually run at a Saturday meeting held either side of Easter, on the same day as the Rosebery Handicap.
Winners since 1987
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
References
Paris-Turf:
Racing Post
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, ,
Kempton Park Racecourse
Flat races in Great Britain
Open middle distance horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 1994
1994 establishments in England
Israel was the bishop of Caucasian Albania in the latter part of the 7th century. In 682, he led an unsuccessful delegation to convert Alp Iluetuer, the ruler of the North Caucasian Huns, to Christianity. Israel wrote about the customs of the Huns, including the local cult of Tengri.
References
Oriental Orthodox bishops
Church of Caucasian Albania
7th-century bishops
This article lists the diplomatic missions of the Cook Islands. The Cook Islands is a self governing state in free association with New Zealand, . The Cook Islands has three diplomatic missions abroad (a High Commission in Wellington, a Consulate in Auckland, and a High Commission in Suva, Fiji. It has previously had a High Commission in Canberra and an Embassy in Brussels. The High Commission to New Zealand has multiple accreditations. The Cook Islands also has a number of honorary consulates.
Oceania
Wellington (High Commission)
Auckland (Consulate-General)
Suva (High Commission)
Multilateral organizations
Lancaster (Permanent Mission to the International Maritime Organization)
Thoiry (Permanent Delegation to UNESCO)
Avarua (Non-Resident Mission to the European Union)
See also
Foreign relations of the Cook Islands
List of diplomatic missions in the Cook Islands
Notes
References
External links
Cook Islands Foreign Affairs and Immigration: Cook Islands Overseas Offices, updated 2015-08-11
Foreign relations of the Cook Islands
Cook Islands
Diplomatic missions
Thomas Richard Allinson (29 March 1858 – 29 November 1918) was a British physician, dietetic reformer, businessman, journalist and vegetarianism activist. He was a proponent of wholemeal (whole grain) bread consumption. His name is still used today for a bread popular in Europe, Allinson bread.
Biography
Allinson was born in the Hulme district of Manchester on 29 March 1858. He went to school in Lancaster and Manchester and at fifteen began work as a chemist's assistant. With money he saved and financial help from his stepfather, he was able to attend the extramural medical school in Edinburgh, which was less expensive than the University medical school. He graduated as a Licenciate of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (LRCP, LRCS) in 1879. After assistantships in Hull and the East End of London he established his own practice in Marylebone in 1885.
During the 1880s Allinson developed his theory of medicine, which he called Hygienic Medicine. In place of orthodox medicine, he promoted health through diet, exercise, fresh air and bathing. He advocated a vegetarian diet and the avoidance of alcohol, tobacco, coffee and tea. He especially promoted the benefits of stone-ground wholemeal breads. He opposed the use of drugs by doctors, many of which at that time were ineffective and toxic and was a lifelong opponent of compulsory vaccination against smallpox. This approach became known as Allinsonian Medicine. He became medical editor of the Weekly Times and Echo in 1885, for which he wrote over 1000 articles during his life, as well as answering readers' medical queries.
He wrote a number of books and pamphlets directed at a general rather than medical readership, including A System of Hygienic Medicine (1886), How to avoid Vaccination (1888), The Advantage of Wholemeal Bread, Medical Essays and A Book for Married Women (1894) and books on stomach diseases, consumption (tuberculosis), rheumatism, vegetarian cooking and healthy diet. He gave frequent public lectures throughout the country propounding his ideas. In one of his books, The Advantages of Wholemeal Bread (1889), he proposed that wholemeal bread was healthier than white (or refined) bread. He believed that smoking was a cause of cancer, which was a radical idea at the time. Allinson regularly sought publicity for his theories and practices in the press and directed his energies not just towards his colleagues but directly to the public. To demonstrate the suitability of a vegetarian diet for strenuous exercise, he undertook a walk from Edinburgh to London in 1891. He walked for 15 consecutive days, averaging a day, arriving in London on Saturday, September 12.
His views often brought him into conflict with the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh and the General Medical Council, particularly his opposition to doctors' frequent use of toxic drugs, his opposition to vaccination and his self-promotion in the press. In 1892 he was struck off the Medical Register. Despite this he continued to practise and indeed maintained he had the largest medical practice in England. Also at this time he was expelled from the Vegetarian Society because of his views on birth control. Gandhi, who was studying law in Britain at the time and was also a member of the Vegetarian Society, spoke in favour of Allinson's right to support contraception, despite being opposed to it.
In 1892 he founded the Natural Food Company with the intention of producing and selling healthy foods; he bought a stone grinding flour mill in Bethnal Green, and a bakery was established shortly afterwards.
His Book for Married Women advocated equality of women and men, the right of a woman to choose the size of her family, and birth control. For this he was prosecuted and convicted under the Obscene Publications Act in 1901.
During World War I, the food value of wholemeal bread was recognised. Although it has been claimed that Allinson was offered the right to re-register during WW1, the General Medical Council has no record of this and by that time he had no registrable qualifications. His company flourished from the increased demand for whole-grain bread and meal. After his death, the company grew: two more stone-grinding mills were purchased in Newport, Monmouthshire and in 1921 Castleford, Yorkshire. The mills stand to this day.
Allinson died from tuberculosis, at his home in Marylebone, on 29 November 1918.
Bread
Allinson's original bread recipe (100% whole grain flour, no fat, less yeast, more water) is still used today, though some lovers of Allinson bread report that it's not as hearty nowadays as it used to be. The advertising slogan for the brand since the 1980s is "Bread wi' nowt [with nothing] taken out".
Vanity Fair
In 1911, Allinson bought the failing magazine Vanity Fair from Frank Harris. He failed to revive its fortunes and, in 1914, Vanity Fair merged with Hearth and Home.
Selected publications
Medical Essays (5 volumes, 1892)
Dr. Allinson's Vegetarian Cookery (1910)
References
Further reading
P. S. Brown. (1991). Medically Qualified Naturopaths and the General Medical Council. Medical History 35: 50-77.
External links
1858 births
1918 deaths
19th-century English medical doctors
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British anti-vaccination activists
Breads
British nutritionists
British vegetarianism activists
People associated with the Vegetarian Society
People in alternative medicine
People from Hulme
Tuberculosis deaths in England
Vanity Fair (British magazine) people
Poręb is a village in Gmina Żmudź, Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, Poland. It is around 15 km south-east of Siedlce and around 100 km east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Lydia Crocheting in the Garden at Marly is an oil-on-canvas painting by Mary Cassatt created in 1880. It is in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Early history and creation
Mary Cassatt's family had come to visit her at Marly-le-Roi in the summer of 1880 where the painter was living with her sister Lydia. Lydia, who suffered from Bright's disease, had moved from Philadelphia to live with Cassatt after she had relocated to Paris. At the time, unmarried women did not live alone, but as Lydia's disease progressed, she was no longer able to travel. The remainder of the family joined the sisters in the summer of 1880 and Cassatt's work at that time shifted to images depicting home life. Lydia became a frequent subject of Cassatt's work until her death in 1882. Cassatt usually avoided plein air painting, though this work captures the sunlight, evidencing that it was painted in the garden.
Later history and display
The painting was first shown at the Sixth Impressionist Exhibition, in Paris with eleven other works by Cassatt in 1881. In 1893, the painting was listed in the inventory of the art dealer Paul Durand-Ruel. By the following year, Peter Arrell Browne Widener, a Philadelphia collector, had obtained the work. Later, Cassatt's brother Alexander Cassatt reacquired the painting and it remained in the family until Mrs. Gardner Cassatt donated it to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1965.
Description and interpretation
Immediately following the American Civil War, paintings of women in elegant gardens became popular. Following this tradition, the work depicts Lydia in the garden, crocheting, though the painting distinctly sets Lydia apart from the blossoms. Painted in an Impressionist style, the greenhouse and orderly rows of plants are behind Lydia, who is shown as occupied and seemingly unaware of the garden at her back. Her pale complexion is offset by the tartan and lace-cuffed garment she wears. Lydia appears to be enjoying her time in the sunshine beneath her lace bonnet and gloves. Lydia Crocheting in the Garden at Marly, along with Lydia Seated in the Garden with a Dog in Her Lap and Katherine Cassatt Reading to Her Grandchildren remain some of her finest pictures from this period of her career.
References
Bibliography
Metropolitan Museum of Art 2017 drafts
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Portraits of women
19th-century paintings
Portraits
1880 paintings
Paintings by Mary Cassatt
The New Zealand Warriors 2011 season was the New Zealand Warriors 17th first-grade season. The club competed in Australasia's National Rugby League. The coach of the team is Ivan Cleary while Simon Mannering is the club's captain. The Warriors lost to the Manly Sea Eagles 10-24 in the 2011 NRL Grand Final. The Junior Warriors won the Toyota Cup for the second consecutive year while the Auckland Vulcans finished second in the NSW Cup.
The finals form of the Warriors in 2011 increased the NRL's television audience in New Zealand by 29 per cent this year.
Milestones
12 February – All Stars Match: Feleti Mateo represents the NRL All Stars and Joel Moon represents the Indigenous All Stars in the pre-season All Stars Match.
16 April – Round 6: Micheal Luck played in his 200th National Rugby League match.
4 June – Round 13: Lewis Brown played in his 50th match for the club.
8 July – Round 18: Jacob Lillyman played in his 50th match for the club.
15 July – Round 19: Aaron Heremaia played in his 50th National Rugby League match.
24 July – Round 20: Shaun Berrigan played in his 200th National Rugby League match.
3 September – Round 26: Joel Moon played in his 50th match for the club.
10 September – Qualifying final: Kevin Locke played in his 50th match for the club.
24 September – Preliminary final: James Maloney played in his 50th match for the club.
Jersey and sponsors
Fixtures
The Warriors opened the season by hosting the Parramatta Eels at Eden Park in Auckland. This was the first time that the Warriors played a home match away from Mount Smart Stadium. The remaining 11 home games were played at Mount Smart Stadium, their only home ground since they entered the competition in 1995.
Pre-season training
The main squad returned to training on 15 November 2010 to start preparing for the 2011 season. Players involved in the 2010 Four Nations and other representative matches returned to training later.
Pre-season matches
A fourth match was added to the Warriors schedule to raise money for the West Coast region after the Pike River Mine disaster. In a joint partnership with the NZRL, NRL and Newcastle Knights, all money raised was donated to the Pike River mining relief fund and the West Coast Rugby League. The teams arrived early on 3 February to carry out community appearances in the region.
The final trial match against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles was also later made a fundraiser match, with North Harbour Stadium donating all profits of the match to the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake victims.
Regular season
Finals
Grand Final
Ladder
Squad
The Warriors used thirty players during the season. Eight players made their debut for the club, including five who made their NRL debuts.
Staff
Chief Executive Officer: Wayne Scurrah
General Manager: Don Mann Jr
Recruitment and Development Manager: Dean Bell
High Performance Manager: Craig Walker
High Performance Assistant: Ruben Wiki
Medical Services Manager: John Mayhew
Welfare and Education Manager: Jerry Seuseu
Media and Communications Manager: Richard Becht
NRL staff
NRL Head Coach: Ivan Cleary
NRL Assistant Coach: Tony Iro
NRL Assistant Coach: David Fairleigh
NRL Trainer: Dayne Norton
NRL Physiotherapist: Hamish Craighead
NYC staff
NYC Head Coach & Assistant NRL Coach: John Ackland
NYC Assistant Coach: Frank Harold
NYC Trainer: Andrew Souter
Development Coach: Ricky Henry
Transfers
Gains
Losses
Re-signings
Other teams
In 2011, the Junior Warriors again competed in the Toyota Cup while senior players who were not required for the first team played with the Auckland Vulcans in the NSW Cup.
2011 Auckland Vulcans
The Auckland Vulcans were coached by former Warrior, Richie Blackmore. The Vulcans lost the NSW Cup Grand Final to the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs 28-30.
Grand Final Team: Glen Fisiiahi, Willie Peace, Sione Lousi, Ivan Penehe, Niuvao Taka; Brett Seymour, Pita Godinet; James Gavet, Alehana Mara, Jeremy Latimore; Ukuma Ta'ai, Matt Robinson; Isaac John (c). Interchange: Darin Kingi, Upu Poching, Steve Rapira, Anthony Gelling.
On 18 February the Vulcans announced the following eight-man squad, with a six-man reserve squad. The squad was topped up with Warriors squad members each week.
Upu Poching was the Player of the Year with Darin Kingi named as runner-up. Willie Pearce Jnr was named the Rookie of the Year.
2011 Junior Warriors
The Junior Warriors won the Toyota Cup, defeating the North Queensland Cowboys 31-30 in extra time in the Grand Final.
Grand Final Team: George Maka, Adam Henry, Sosaia Feki, Konrad Hurrell, DJ Collier, Carlos Tuimavave, Jordan Meads, Ligi Sao, Eko Malu, Donald Tony, Samiuela Lousi, Ben Henry [c], Sebastine Ikahihifo. Siliva Havili, Agnatius Paasi, Siua Taukeiaho, Toka Likiliki, Siulongua Fotofili, John Palavi.
Along with players from the Melbourne Storm, Cronulla Sharks, Sydney Roosters and Manly Sea Eagles, the new members of the Junior Warriors attended a Toyota Cup Rookie Camp on 11–12 December 2010 which was held in New Zealand for the first time. The camp provided extensive training in media, cultural awareness, drugs and alcohol, social media, money matters, community work, social responsibility and personal presentation.
The Junior Warriors squad was again captained by Ben Henry and included Stephen Shennan, Omar Slaimankhel, Vili Lolohea, Sio Siua Taukeiaho, Konrad Hurrell, Sosaia Feki, James TePou, Carlos Tuimavave, Jordan Meads, Siliva Havili, Henry Chan-Ting, Sam Lousi, Sheldon Brown, Adam Henry, Toka Likiliki, Agnatius Paasi, Lance Su'a-Poe, Anthony Lama, Siulongua Fotofili, Eddie Aki, Donald Tony, Levi Holland, DJ Collier, Sebastine Ikahihifo, Nathaniel Peteru, Sirovai Makatoa, Simon Gibson, Ben Kingi, Falaniko Leilua, Kane Hannan, Eko Malu, John Palavi, Malakai Houma and Chris Ofanoa.
Omar Slaimankhel, Konrad Hurrell, Carlos Tuimavave and coach John Ackland were all named in the Toyota Cup team of the year. John Palavi was named the Vodafone NYC Player of the Year, Siliva Havili won the TNT NYC Young Player of the Year award and Donald Tony was named the DeWalt NYC Club Person of the Year.
Awards
Simon Mannering won the Lion Red Player of the Year award, becoming only the second double winner of the award. Shaun Johnson won the Vodafone NRL Young Player of the Year Award while Jerome Ropati won the Canterbury of New Zealand Club Person of the Year Award and Kevin Locke won the Vodafone People's Choice Award.
References
External links
Warriors official site
Warriors 2011 season rugby league project
New Zealand Warriors seasons
New Zealand Warriors season
war
The 1897 Guilford Quakers football team represented Guilford College as an independent during the 1897 college football season.
Schedule
References
Guilford
Guilford Quakers football seasons
Guilford Quakers football
Moosehead is an unincorporated community in Dennison Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Notable person
A. Mitchell Palmer (1872-1936), lawyer and United States Attorney General, was born in Moosehead.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
James Kerguelen Robinson (11 March 1859 – 1914) was an Australian prospector who was the first person born south of the Antarctic Convergence. Robinson Pass was named after him.
Life
Robinson was born in March 1859 on the Kerguelen Islands to James William Robinson, a captain and sailor, and his wife Jane Parsons Bentley while the couple was on a sealing voyage in the Antarctic Convergence. Robinson's middle name, Kerguelen, was taken from the island he was born on. Robinson Pass was named after him.
He married Alice Maud Wakefield in 1889.
Robinson died of dehydration in Murchison in 1914 while he was prospecting in the western Australian desert.
See also
Emilio Palma
Solveig Gunbjørg Jacobsen
References
External links
Geni profile
1859 births
1914 deaths
Australian prospectors
Deaths by dehydration
Accidental deaths in Western Australia
Ability was a wooden ketch of 48 tons, owned by J. Breckenridge and built at William Woodward in 1878. She ran aground at Cape Hawke, New South Wales, Australia, in 1897.
Shipwreck
On 5 January 1897, traveling from Cape Hawke to Sydney with a load of timber, Ability broke her moorings and was beached at Cape Hawke, near Forster, New South Wales. There were no reported deaths.
References
Sources
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Mid North Coast Region
Ships built in New South Wales
1878 ships
Maritime incidents in 1897
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Ketches of Australia
Ian Neill Uttley (3 December 1941 – 15 September 2015) was a New Zealand rugby union player. A centre three-quarter, Uttley represented , , and at a provincial level. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in two matches in Auckland in May 1963, both of them Tests against the touring England team. He was known as the "Grey Ghost".
His father, Kenneth Uttley, represented and New Zealand Universities in rugby union, and also played first-class cricket for Otago and Wellington.
Uttley and his wife Christine died on 15 September 2015, when their vehicle went off the side of State Highway 5 near Te Pohue, overcorrected, and crossed into the path of a logging truck. Police suspect a third vehicle may have been involved.
References
1941 births
2015 deaths
Rugby union players from Christchurch
People educated at Wellington College (New Zealand)
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand international rugby union players
Wellington rugby union players
Auckland rugby union players
Hawke's Bay rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Road incident deaths in New Zealand
Khalid Assar (born 10 December 1992) is an Egyptian table tennis player. At the 2016 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's Singles where he lost to Wang Jianan of Congo in the preliminary round.
He qualified to represent Egypt at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
His brother is fellow Olympian, Omar Assar.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Egyptian male table tennis players
Olympic table tennis players of Egypt
Table tennis players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
African Games medalists in table tennis
African Games gold medalists for Egypt
African Games silver medalists for Egypt
African Games bronze medalists for Egypt
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
People from Desouk
The 1999 Chinese Football Super Cup (Chinese: 1999年度中国足球超霸杯赛) was the 5th Chinese Football Super Cup, contested by Chinese Jia-A League 1999 and 1999 Chinese FA Cup double winners Shandong Luneng Taishan and Chinese Jia-A League 1999 runners-up Liaoning FC. Liaoning won their first title after winning 4–2.
Match details
References
1999 in Chinese football
1999
Zhijian "James" Chen (; born 1966) is a Chinese-American biochemist and Professor in the Department of Molecular Biology at University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center. He is best known for his discovery of mechanisms by which nucleic acids trigger innate and autoimmune responses from the interior of a cell, work for which he received the 2019 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences.
Early life and education
Chen was born in Nandou Village () in Anxi County, Fujian, China. When he was young, his father was sent to Nanping for work, leaving his mother to raise him and his two brothers alone while she also worked as a primary school teacher. He graduated from Anxi No. 1 High School in 1981. He attended Fujian Normal University and received an undergraduate degree in biology in 1985, before he won an overseas scholarship by getting first place in a biochemistry exam. Chen used the scholarship to attend the State University of New York at Buffalo, where he got his Ph.D. in biochemistry in 1991. During his graduate education, Chen became interested in the biochemical pathway of the protein ubiquitin at a time when less than a dozen laboratories were researching the protein's function in the human body. After graduating, Chen did a year of post-doctoral work with the Salk Institute for Biological Studies.
Career
Following his post-doctoral work, Chen began working as a research scientist at Baxter Healthcare in Irvine, California. He then spent three years working as a senior scientist at biotech firm ProScript in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he developed assays that helped to identify and improve the cancer treatment Velcade. His time at ProScript allowed Chen to work in molecular biology and drug development and it was while working there that Chen started researching ubiquitin. Working with Tom Maniatis of Harvard University in 1996, Chen found that the enzyme kinase had to be "activated" by ubiquitin in order for the NF-κB signalling process to function properly. He decided pursuing his research into ubiquitin would be more suited for work in academia and left ProScript in 1997 to start a lab at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. He currently holds the George L. MacGregor Distinguished Chair in Biomedical Science and is an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
Research
Chen's research initially focused on the role of ubiquitin in signaling pathways for the NF-κB protein complex, specifically as it pertains to immune response. At his lab in UT-Southwestern, Chen's group was able to show that ubiquitin marked proteins, marks that could be recognized by other proteins to create a "cascade" of signals. His research received grant funding from the Burroughs Wellcome Fund in 2002 enabling research into how NF-κB initiated immune responses to RNA viruses such as influenza and hepatitis C. This new line of research led to the discovery of MAVS (Mitochondrial Anti-Viral Signaling protein) and the role of mitochondria in antiviral innate immune responses, and the more recent discoveries of the cytosolic DNA sensor, Cyclic GMP-AMP synthase (cGAS; cGAMP synthase), and a new second messenger, Cyclic guanosine monophosphate–adenosine monophosphate (cyclic GMP-AMP, cGAMP), which play key roles in immune defense as well as autoimmune diseases.
Honors and awards
In 2018 Chen was awarded the Lurie Prize in Biomedical Sciences from the National Institutes of Health for his discovery of cGAS.
Chen was awarded the 2019 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for the discovery of the DNA-sensing enzyme cGAS and the pathways by which it activates innate immune responses. He shared the prize with C. Frank Bennett, Adrian R. Krainer, Angelika Amon, and Xiaowei Zhuang. He has also received the Norman Hackerman Award in Chemical Research, The Edith and Peter O'Donnell Award in Science, and the National Academy of Sciences Award in Molecular Biology. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2014.
References
External links
Howard Hughes Medical Institute Bio
'Good' Prion-Like Proteins Boost Immune Response, Scientists Report. Science Daily. Retrieved 13 April 2012.
Chen Lab Research
1966 births
Living people
American biochemists
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Howard Hughes Medical Investigators
American people of Chinese descent
Hokkien scientists
People from Quanzhou
Chemists from Fujian
University at Buffalo alumni
University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Chinese biochemists
Educators from Fujian
Biologists from Fujian
CornerStore is a Detroit made film directed by Joe Doughrity. It is about a young man working at his father's corner store. This comedy basically depicts a "day in the life" of an inner city liquor store. The film's tagline states: A LOT can happen on the corner.
Plot
Gerard Jenkins (Lawrence Lamont) wakes up after dreaming himself a famous chef. His older sister calls in saying she is on her way to Cedar Point and so he has to look after their father's (Roger Guenveur Smith) shop. To Gerard's dismay he has to run his father's shop for the day. Over the course of the day a lot of things happen. One of the major events that happen throughout the day is when a local gangster, Nazario (Ari Rufino), comes into the shop and tells Gerard to hold $5,000 for him. Gerard is reluctant but gives in eventually. Later a kid named Mykell (Trevione Williams) walks in to sell Gerard stolen electronics but Gerard doesn't buy any. Gerard gets distracted and Mykell sneaks behind the cashier counter and finds the $5,000 and steals it. Later Nazario comes to Gerard asking for the money. Gerard can't locate it and so is threatened by Nazario at gun point. Mykell admits he stole the money and spent it on himself and so his mom, Keisha (Kia Jelks), could get her car repaired. Nazario is out numbered and leaves. Later one of Gerard's associates tell Gerard that his girlfriends car is getting broken into. Gerard walks out infuriated only to find his family and nearly everyone who frequents the store outside screaming " Happy Birthday"!
Cast
Lawrence Lamont as Gerard, the store owners son.
Roger Guenveur Smith as Earl, the store owner.
Judge Greg Mathis as himself.
Ari Rufino as Nazario. Formerly billed as Sherzad Sinjari.
Trick Trick as himself.
Mike Bonner as Kato.
David Ffroot Wells as Derrick.
Martini Harris as Eddie.
Bill Hill as Big Jim.
Schuyler Maximillian Lee as K.J.
Trevione Williams as Mykell.
Cameron Jones as Corey.
Kia Jelks as Keisha
Mercy Mitchell as Fantasia.
Awards
Best Comedy from Windsor Film Festival.
Awards from Pan African Film Festival in Los Angeles, California.
Awards from Langston Hughes Film Festival in Seattle, Washington.
Released theatrically via AMC Independent / AMC Theatres.
References
External links
Official Site https://www.facebook.com/cornerstoremovie
Shotown Pictures https://www.shotownpictures.com
2011 films
American comedy films
2011 comedy films
2010s American films
Soccer Comes First (originally published as Soccer Is Also a Game) is a 1966 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle. It is the first in a series of books focusing on the fortunes of fictitious English football team Scorton Rovers.
Plot summary
The book begins with retired England striker Andy Blair who has recently moved to the town of Scorton watching the local team struggle in a Second Division match. After the game he is approached by club chairman Herbert Graydon who convinces him to come out of retirement and play for Rovers. As the story progresses Andy, whose performances begin to lift Rovers up the table, introduces his eighteen-year-old son Bobbie into the team. Bobbie, despite playing well, becomes mixed up with some local match-fixers and experiences some difficulties in his relationship with his girlfriend Adrienne who he follows to Bristol on the eve of a big game to try to resolve their problems. Andy feels forced to take matters into his own hand and tackles the match-fixers himself before retrieving his son. At the novel's conclusion the Blairs are reunited and can finally concentrate on trying to ensure Rovers win promotion to the First Division.
References
1966 British novels
1966 children's books
British children's novels
Novels about association football
Heinemann (publisher) books
Peter Wright (born December 8, 1963) is a former Irish American professional tennis player who played for Ireland in the Davis Cup. He was formerly the head tennis coach at the University of California, Berkeley.
Playing career
Wright, who was born and raised in Berkeley, qualified to represent Ireland in international tennis as it was the country of his parents. He appeared in 13 Davis Cup ties from 1988 to 1994 and won 16 of his 27 rubbers, 8 in singles and 8 in doubles.
Although he was seen mostly on the Challenger circuit, Wright took part in the 1987 Seoul Open, a Grand Prix tournament. He was beaten in the opening round by Dutch player Michiel Schapers.
In 1989 he played in the men's doubles event at the Australian Open, partnering fellow Californian Julian Barham. The pairing of Tim Pawsat and Tobias Svantesson defeated them in the first round. He also appeared in the 1989 Wimbledon Championships, as a mixed doubles player, with Lea Antonoplis as his partner. They weren't able to make the second round.
Coaching
Wright was head coach of the California Golden Bears (UC Berkeley) tennis team from 1993 to 2021. In that time they have only once failed to make the NCAA postseason. He was the Pac-10 Coach of the Year in 1997 and again in 2001.
From 1995 to 2003, Wright was captain of the Ireland Davis Cup team.
He also served as Ireland's head tennis coach at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Challenger titles
Doubles: (2)
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Irish male tennis players
American male tennis players
American tennis coaches
College tennis coaches in the United States
Tennis people from California
American people of Irish descent
University of California, Berkeley faculty
John Heynes Ferrandi (3 April 1930 – 16 September 2019) was a South African cricketer who played first-class cricket for Western Province from 1949 to 1964.
Principally a wicket-keeper, Ferrandi was also a useful batsman. Selected to play for a South African XI against the Australians in 1957-58, he scored 62 and 30 (the top score of the innings). His highest first-class score was 89, which was also Western Province's highest score in the match against Natal in 1955-56. Against the New Zealanders in 1961-62 he made 81 not out (Western Province's highest score in the match) and 25 not out, hitting hard and excelling in his footwork, his strokes through mid-wicket and his late cutting. In 1960-61 he was the leading stumper in South Africa, executing seven stumpings, most of them off the leg-spin bowling of John Commins.
References
External links
1941 births
2019 deaths
South African cricketers
Western Province cricketers
"Heartbreak Dream" is the song by Australian recording artist Betty Who. It was released on 18 February 2014 with a limited edition CD single in North America in April 2014 as the lead single from her second extended play, Slow Dancing (2014), her third extended play, Worlds Apart (2015), and her debut studio album, Take Me When You Go (2014). The song is used over the end credits of the 2015 film Pitch Perfect 2.
Who describes "Heartbreak Dream" as being about "the kind of relationship that you probably should end but for some reason [you can't]."
Music video
The music video was released on 2 April 2014. It features Who in concert and interacting with fans.
Critical reception
Jamieson Cox from Entertainment Time said; "There's a remarkable density and confidence to “Heartbreak Dream”: Who applies layers and layers of hooks like a cake decorator with a heavy fondant hand, but trusts in her voice to soar above the fray. In a remarkable show of personality, it does: she's tender and tough in equal measure, balancing defiance and reflection on a relationship that's souring. It's tough to draw complex situations with nuance and depth over the course of a four-minute pop song, but Who makes it look easy with “Heartbreak Dream” — this is another strong effort from a star in the making."
Josh Terry of Consequence of Sound said; "While the song deals with the unromantic and complex sides to relationships, it manages to wrap its sense of melancholy in bouncing pop euphoria."
Robbie Daw from Idolator said; "Is it possible for a song about heartbreak to sound this upbeat? Betty Who makes it seem effortless."
Nic Kelly from Project U (in a review of the extended play) said "'Heartbreak Dream' follows the single 'Somebody Loves You' in its size and romanticism. It's real ‘close the curtains, make sure the door's locked and jump around your room singing it' stuff. 'In a moment, you were everything to me. In this moment, we're living in a heartbreak dream,' Betty wails over a massive pop jam which would stand an entire Allphones Arena up to sing and dance along."
Track listings
Digital download
"Heartbreak Dream" – 3:50
Limited edition CD single(RCA – 088843-04577-7)
"Heartbreak Dream"
"Somebody Loves You" (Acoustic)
References
2014 songs
2014 singles
Betty Who songs
RCA Records singles
Sony Music singles
Aitor Elizegi Alberdi (born 27 June 1966) is a Spanish entrepreneur, chef and the president of football club Athletic Bilbao from 2018 to 2022.
Biography
Born in 1966, in Santutxu, Bilbao, Elizegi grew up supporting Athletic Bilbao, becoming a member of the club at the age of 25. Elizegi entered the culinary industry in 1987, winning the Spanish Chefs Championship a year later and the Basque Gastronomy Award in 2000 for best restaurateur at his Gaminiz restaurant. As of 2019, Elizegi is head of a number of Basque restaurants in Bilbao, including Txocook, Bascook and Basquery.
On 27 December 2018, Elizegi won Athletic Bilbao's presidential election to succeeding former incumbent Josu Urrutia, defeating Alberto Uribe-Echevarría, treasurer under Urrutia, by a margin of just 85 votes.
One of his first acts as president was to replace the long-serving sporting director José María Amorrortu with
Rafael Alkorta and Andoni Ayarza, (both former players of the club), as promised in his election campaign.
He did not seek re-election at the end of his four-year term in 2022, with Jon Uriarte appointed to succeed him.
Politics
Elizegi is a member of the Basque Nationalist Party. Elizegi is a Basque nationalist and independentist, and has expressed a desire for the admittance of a Basque national football team into UEFA.
Notes
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Bilbao
Athletic Bilbao presidents
Spanish businesspeople
Spanish chefs
Basque nationalists
Basque cuisine
Businesspeople from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
The Salmon August Complex Fire was a large complex wildfire in Northern California that originally consisted of 11 separate wildfires, and charred in Siskiyou County. The first fire in the complex was ignited on June 25, 2017 by lightning, and the complex fire burned for nearly 4 months, before it was finally contained on December 8, 2017.
The fire
On June 25, 2017, at 5:00 PM PDT, the Island Fire, the first fire in the Salmon August Complex, was ignited by lightning. In early August 2017, six other fires in the complex (the Wallow, Garden, Grizzly, Mary, Rush, and Pointers Fires) were ignited by lightning within a few days. Initially, these fires were managed with a confine-contain strategy. Although this strategy was initially effective, as weather conditions became hotter and dryer throughout mid-August, the Island and Wallow fires spread.
The Wallow Fire eventually engulfed the Pointers and Island fires, becoming the largest wildfire in the area, and began threatening Eco-Trust timber lands on State Responsibility Area. At that time, an Incident Management Team and CALFIRE began to work under unified command to combat the fires. All seven fires were incorporated into a complex on August 13, 2017, as the seven wildfires merged to form the Salmon August Complex Fire.
On September 7, 2017, three additional fires (the Deep, Claire, and Fourth Fires) ignited and quickly merged into the Salmon August Complex Fire. Great Basin Team 7 has successfully contained most of the fires within the Salmon August Complex by late September, and completed all Stage 1 repairs on the fires; suppression repairs began soon afterward. The fire transitioned to a Type 3 Incident management team on Thursday, September 28, 2017.
The Salmon August Complex Fire continued to burn over 2 more months, until the complex fire was fully contained on December 8, 2017. At the time of containment, the Salmon August Complex Fire had burned of land.
See also
2017 California wildfires
References
2017 California wildfires
Wildfires in Siskiyou County, California
Claudio Castiglioni is an Italian lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1982 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Living people
Laura Fritz (born 2 August 1978) is an Austrian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Austrian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Austria
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Graz
Alma Hill is a mountain in the Southern Tier of New York. It is located southwest of Wellsville in Allegany County. In 1950, an steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. Due to the increased use of aerial detection, the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1971 fire lookout season. In 1973, the tower was sold to the landowner where the tower stood.
History
In 1950, the Conservation Department built an Aermotor LS40 steel fire lookout tower on the mountain. In addition to the tower, a 1941 model observer cabin was constructed at the same time. This tower, like many in the Southern Tier, was added to protect large holdings of state forest lands, and not to be part of the close-knit system of towers in the Adirondacks and Catskills. Due to the increased use of aerial detection, the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1971 fire lookout season. In 1973, the tower was offered for sale at a public auction, with the high bidder being the landowner where the tower stood. This tower is one of the few remaining towers in New York to bear a manufacturer tag located on one of the legs that reads "Aermotor Co.—Chicago Ill".
References
Mountains of Allegany County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Stone by Stone may refer to:
Stone by Stone (album), a 2006 album by Floater
"Stone by Stone" (song), a 2001 song by Catatonia
AAT or Aat may refer to:
Aviation
Asia Airfreight Terminal, Hong Kong International Airport
Altay Airport, Xinjiang, China
Location identifier for Alturas Municipal Airport, California, United States
Biochemistry
Alpha 1-antitrypsin, also α1-antitrypsin (A1AT), a glycoprotein
Aspartate transaminase, or Aspartate Aminotransferase, an enzyme
AAT, a codon for the amino acid Asparagine
Places
Achanalt railway station
Ath, Belgium (Dutch: )
Australian Antarctic Territory
AutoAlliance Thailand, a joint venture automobile manufacturing plant
Science
Anglo-Australian Telescope
Animal-assisted therapy
Aquatic Ape Theory, a theory in human evolution
Ancient Astronauts; or Ancient Astronaut Theory
Technology
Apple Advanced Typography, a font rendering technology
Other uses
Aat (queen), an ancient Egyptian queen consort of the 12th dynasty
Administrative Appeals Tribunal, in Australia
And Another Thing (disambiguation)
Art & Architecture Thesaurus, a controlled vocabulary used for describing items of art.
Arvanitika, a variety of Albanian spoken in Greece
Association of Accounting Technicians
The Bible, An American Translation
Armored Assault Tank, a Separatist tank in the prequel era of the Star Wars universe
See also
A80 (disambiguation)
Rankings for the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA) are used to determine placement in overall standings (rather than win–loss record) and also to determine seedings at WFTDA Playoffs. Achieving high rankings is also a goal for teams aiming to increase their stature in the organization. Each year at the end of June, teams are seeded into Division 1 and Division 2 playoff tournaments. Historically, the top 40 teams in the WFTDA as of June 30 were eligible for Division 1 tournaments that season, and the teams ranked 41–60 were eligible for Division 2 tournaments. For 2017, the Division 1 cutoff was reduced to the top 36 teams, with the next 16 teams qualifying for Division 2 Playoffs. The 2017 WFTDA Championships winner, Victorian Roller Derby League from Melbourne, Australia, became the first non-American team to achieve the top rankings slot in WFTDA history.
Ranking scores are calculated by averaging the number of game points a team earns in the last twelve months by the number of games played in the same time period. Game points are calculated using the following formula
where the Win/Loss Factor is three (the base value of a game) multiplied by percentage of points earned in the game and Opponent Strength is based on how far from the WFTDA-wide median score the opponent's score is. Minimum Opponent Strength for all teams is set to 0.5.
References
External links
WFTDA Rankings Reverse Chronological list of all WFTDA rankings charts since February 28, 2013
Women's Flat Track Derby Association
Roller derby
Muriel Saphir (1939-2013), known by her nickname Starr Saphir, was an American birder in New York City who led bird walks in Central Park several times a week for nearly 40 years.
Early life
Starr Saphir was born Muriel Theodora Saphir on July 21, 1939. Though she was born on Long Island, she grew up in Brooklyn, and started birding in Prospect Park, regularly traveling from her Bay Ridge home. She cited a black-and-white warbler as her "spark bird", or bird species which triggers a broader interest in birds or birding. She saw it when she was six years old, on the side of the road when her father's car broke down on a trip to her grandparents' house, and recognized it from looking through her grandmother's John James Audubon illustrations. Other than birding, she was also a fan of the Brooklyn Dodgers before they moved to Los Angeles in 1958.
She was a theater major at American University and worked for a time as an actor in Off-Broadway and other productions. She lived in California for a time, pursuing her acting career, and was active in the birding community there.
Birding
Saphir was an avid birder, and offered to lead a walk for the first time in 1975, when a planned Audubon Society walk did not have a leader. She discovered that she liked teaching and wound up leading them regularly, usually four times per week in Central Park, for almost 40 years. Walk participants paid a small fee, which started at $3 and eventually rose to $8. Saphir called the park her "office", but was determined to keep costs low and barely made enough to eke by. Her walks could attract more than 20 people, including repeat patrons, at least one of whom regularly attended for more than 20 years. She would guide people, holding binoculars and wearing a trademark blue bandana, through the Ramble and North Woods sections of the park on outings that could last five hours. She developed a reputation for her skills with bird identification by sight and by sound, and the Wall Street Journal said she had "seemingly supernatural powers of hearing and sight". Though her specialty was birds, she would also teach about butterflies and dragonflies.
In May 2005, Saphir was a guest on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, featured in a segment in which she introduces O'Brien to birding. Filmmaker Jeffrey Kimball included Saphir as one of the major characters in his 2012 HBO documentary, Birders: The Central Park Effect in 2012. Kimball described her as "the doyenne or the matriarch of the park".
She persisted giving regular bird walks despite a range of health issues, including cataracts, arthritis, a limp, and back problems, and after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer.
She did not have a computer and was concerned that the introduction of technology to the pastime would make it inaccessible for some. She did come to use a cell phone to share sightings while out in the park, but otherwise used notebooks to track her sightings. She left 80 such books when she died, tallying 259 different species just in Central Park. Her "life list", a tally of all birds a person has seen at any location, totaled 2,582. Her favorite was the cerulean warbler.
Personal life and death
Saphir was married twice, first to Michael Henisse and later to Stephen Gussman, from whom she was separated when she died, and she had two daughters, Shawna Leigh and Lara Willis. In 2002, she was diagnosed with breast cancer and told it would be terminal, which led her to turn to birding and the walks even more. She died of complications due to metastatic breast cancer on February 10, 2013, at the age of 73.
References
External links
Birdwatchers
1939 births
2013 deaths
Deaths from breast cancer
People from Manhattan
People from Long Island
Central Park
The Union of Cinematographers of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Kinematoqrafçılar İttifaqı) is a public creative organization. The Union unites Azerbaijani film artists on a voluntary basis.
History
In January 1958, the Organizational Bureau of the Union of Azerbaijani Cinematography Workers was established. Filmmakers Latif Safarov and Huseyn Seidzade were elected Chairman and deputy of the organization. At first, there were five sections operating in the Bureau: "Artistic Cinematography", "Drama, Theory and Criticism", "Documentary and popular science Cinematography", "Science and Technology", "Film Lovers".
During the establishment of the Organizational Bureau, the Union of Workers of Azerbaijani Cinematography consisted of 82 people.
On February 10, 1960, the Cinema House was opened at the Union. Its members were filmmakers, writers, artists, composers, – about a hundred people in total. In 1960-1961 Union of Universities of Folk Culture was founded, where a group of 15 speakers worked.
The Union of Cinematographers of Azerbaijan was finally formed on January 11, 1963 at the First Constituent Congress of Workers of the Republican Cinematography.
Today, the Union is an independent organization operating based on its own Charter, endowed with legal and other rights arising from the Constitution of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Law of Azerbaijan "On Non-Governmental Organizations (Public Associations and Foundations)".
Activity
The main goal of the Union is the development of national cinema as an integral part of national culture and world cinema.
The Union of Cinematographers of Azerbaijan is a member of the Confederation of Unions of Cinematographers of the CIS and Baltic countries.
Management
The chairman of the Union of Cinematographers of Azerbaijan is the film and theater playwright, director, producer, People's Writer of Azerbaijan, Rustam Ibragimbekov. He was elected the first secretary of the board of the organization at the fifth Congress of the Union, which was held in May 1981. At the ninth Congress in January 2003, he was elected Chairman of the Union. The acting first secretary of the Union is director Ali Isa Jabbarov.
The board of the Union includes such prominent artists and screenwriters as Asad Asadov, Vagif Behbutov, Baba Veziroglu, Firangiz Gurbanova, Mabud Maharramov, Shamil Najafzade, Anar Rzayev (Anar), Jamil Farajev, Shukufa Yusupova and others.
Projects
In the early 1990-s, the secretariat of the Board of the Union of Cinematographers decided to establish a competition for Azerbaijani national films. The first competition was held in 1991, the second – in 1993, the third – in 1995. Since 2003, there is another competition called Qızıl Çıraq ("Golden Lamp") held annually within the framework of the Union.
In 1996, the Baku International Film Festival ("East-West") was established by the Union of Cinematographers of Azerbaijan and the Foundation for the 100th Anniversary of World Cinema in Azerbaijan with the assistance of the Confederation of Cinematographers' Unions of the CIS and Baltic countries. The purpose of the festival is to promote the integration and mutual enrichment of two cultures, Eastern and Western. The last festival was held in September 2009.
International Film School (higher courses for screenwriters and directors) was established by the Union of Cinematographers of Azerbaijan in 2007 based on Decree №1993 of the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev dated February 23, 2007 "On the development of cinematography in Azerbaijan" and the corresponding decision of the Cabinet of Ministers. The main goal of the film school is to identify talents and train new highly professional personnel in the field of cinematography.
The "State program for the development of Azerbaijani cinema for 2008-2018" proposed by Rustam Ibragimbekov was approved by President Ilham Aliyev in 2008.
On July 9, 2012, the Cinematographic Award of the Union of Cinematographers of Azerbaijan was established. The award is annually awarded to representatives of the intelligentsia of Azerbaijan for their outstanding contribution to the development of cinema. The purpose of the award is to highlight the positive trends of national cinema. Among the awarded cinematographers were: Fikret Aliyev, Asif Rustamov, Fakhraddin Manafov, Zia Shikhlinsky, Firangiz Gurbanova, Fuad Poladov, Javid Akhadov, Javanshir Guliyev, Tahir Aliyev, Nizami Abbas, Asad Asadov, Adil Gulamov, Rafig Huseynli, Kamal Seidov, Mehriban Zeki, Mirbala Salimli, Nazim Rza, Anar, Rauf Aliyev, Ramiz Abutalibov etc.
See also
Cinema of Azerbaijan
References
External links
Official website
1963 establishments in Azerbaijan
Cinematography organizations
Organizations based in Azerbaijan
The Autistic Society of Trinidad and Tobago (ASTT) is a non-governmental organization for families of autistic people in Trinidad and Tobago. It was founded in May 1990 by Teresina Sieunarine. Sieunarine's son was diagnosed with autism in Florida, but on returning to Trinidad she found that there was stigma facing people with disabilities and that some autistic children were living in hospitals. , more than 450 families were registered with the society. The ASTT designates April autism awareness month.
References
External links
Autism-related organizations
Disability organisations based in Trinidad and Tobago
Organizations established in 1990
Good Hope is a small fishing farming community located on the east coast of Dominica. The community is home to about 500 residents. The community is mainly managed by a Resource Centre Management Committee, which oversees projects of development, the functioning of the community's resource centre and also the overall well-being of the community.
Geography
Good Hope has one small and rocky beach. A short distance from shore are two small rock outcroppings which can be climbed and played upon. These are locally known as "Ti Loo" and "Gwo Loo".
Facilities
Within the community you can find a few local "shops", one disco, the aforementioned resource centre (which contains a pre-school, main hall, computer centre, library and kitchen) and local homes. The village has had access to running water, electricity and cable television for about 10-15 years. Most households have electricity and cable television. Some households have running water.
Populated places in Dominica
General Bhimsen Thapa Ra Tatkalin Nepal () is a historical book by Chittaranjan Nepali. It is a biography of the first prime minister of modern Nepal, Bhimsen Thapa. It was published in 1956 (2013 BS) and won the first-ever Madan Puraskar.
Background
The book was funded by Nepal Sanskritik Sangh (Nepal Cultural Association), a governmental body. Nepali was already established as a poet before publishing the book. Nepali was 26 years old when he completed the book.
Synopsis
Bhimsen Thapa was born on August 1775 in Gorkha district of Nepal to Amar Singh Thapa and Satyarupa Maya. He was taken to Kathmandu where he rose to the rank of Kaji. He played a key part in the expansion of Nepalese kingdom and during the Anglo-Nepalese War. He was imprisoned during the later part of his life and died of a suicide in 1839.
Reception
The book won the first ever Madan Puraskar along with Hamro Lok Sanskriti by Satya Mohan Joshi and Adhikbibhav Sthirbidhoot Utpadhak by Bala Ram Joshi in 1956 (2013 BS).
See also
Hamro Lok Sanskriti
Karnali Lok Sanskriti
Mahakavi Devkota
References
Nepalese non-fiction books
20th-century Nepalese books
Nepalese biographies
1956 non-fiction books
Madan Puraskar-winning works
Cultural depictions of Bhimsen Thapa
Nepali-language books
Francis Alexander Randal Cranmer Cramer-Roberts (né Roberts; 3 December 18409 February 1901) was an Anglican priest and colonial bishop in the 19th century.
Early life
Cramer-Roberts was born in Dublin in 1841, the son of Lieut-Col. John Cramer-Roberts and Marian Gall. His father was appointed Inspector-General of the Royal Irish Constabulary. He was educated at Rugby and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated from BA in 1864 and was ordained deacon by Ashurst Gilbert, Bishop of Chichester.
Ecclesiastical career
In the following year, 1865, he was ordained priest and became Curate of Frant, Sussex. In 1868 he became Curate at Hawley, Kent, and in 1870 he was nominated to the Rectory of Llandinabo in Herefordshire. Three years later, he became Vicar of Blindley Heath, where he stayed until he in 1878 was appointed to the episcopate as Bishop of Nassau, serving for seven years. He was consecrated a bishop by Archibald Campbell Tait, Archbishop of Canterbury, on the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist 1878 (24 June) at St Paul's Cathedral.
On his return to England in 1885 he became Vicar of Milford on Sea, and occasionally acted as assistant bishop to Harold Browne, Bishop of Winchester (see Assistant Bishop of Winchester). In 1887 he moved to Blackburn and became assistant bishop to James Moorhouse, Bishop of Manchester (see Assistant Bishop of Manchester). He was Proctor in Convocation for the clergy of the diocese from 1892, and finally Archdeacon of Blackburn 1900–1901.
Cramer-Roberts died on 9 February 1901.
References
1840s births
1901 deaths
People from Armagh (city)
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
19th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Anglican bishops of Nassau
Archdeacons of Blackburn
Irish expatriate Protestant bishops
Leo Matthew Abrahams (born 1977 in Camden, London) is an English musician, composer and producer. He has collaborated with a multitude of professional musicians, including Brian Eno, Katie Melua, Imogen Heap, Jarvis Cocker, Carl Barât, Regina Spektor, Jon Hopkins and Paul Simon. After attending the Royal Academy of Music in England, he started his musical career by touring as lead guitarist with Imogen Heap. Since 2005 he has released five solo albums, largely in an ambient style involving complex arrangements and a use of guitar-generated textures. He has also co-written or arranged a variety of film soundtracks, including Peter Jackson's 2009 release The Lovely Bones and Steve McQueen's Hunger.
Abrahams has produced Regina Spektor's album Remember Us to Life. Hayden Thorpe's Diviner, Editors' Violence and Ghostpoet's Dark Days + Canapés.
Career
Abrahams was given an acoustic guitar by his parents at age 7, only to ignore the instrument for piano until age 12. As a teenager he played guitar in a succession of bands, also writing classical music. After high school, Abrahams attended the Royal Academy of Music with the goal of becoming a classical composer. While there, he studied under Steve Martland and Nick Ingman, only to become disillusioned.
During his studies Abrahams got a call from Mickey Modern, a manager to whom he had sent a demo years before. Modern was looking for a guitarist to perform with singer Imogen Heap. Heap invited Abrahams to go on tour, prompting him to leave the academy to tour England for several months.
Imogen Heap introduced Abrahams to alternative folk artist Ed Harcourt on the night Harcourt was signed by a major label. After Abrahams confirmed to Harcourt that he liked Tom Waits, Harcourt agreed to take Abrahams on as a guitarist. Abrahams played lead guitar and scored the instrumental parts on Harcourt's 2001 album Here Be Monsters, as well as Harcourt's subsequent albums.
A couple of years later Abrahams had a fortuitous meeting with producer and ambient music pioneer Brian Eno in a Notting Hill guitar shop. Eno stated "I spotted him trying out a guitar, the first I've ever seen in a guitar shop who wasn't playing 'Stairway to Heaven,' so I thought he must be good." Eno invited Abrahams to his studio, and Abrahams contributed guitar to Eno's album with J. Peter Schwalm, Drawn From Life, which was released in 2001. Abrahams went on to contribute instrumentals to a number of musicians produced by Eno, including Grace Jones, Seun Kuti, Nick Cave, and Paul Simon's 2006 album Surprise.
As a guitarist he has played on over 100 records by artists including Florence and the Machine, Annie Lennox, Marianne Faithfull and Badly Drawn Boy. With David Holmes he contributed several instruments and co-wrote several tracks on Holmes' release The Holy Pictures.
He has played guitar for Pulp on their 2011–2012 reunion dates, although was not an official member of the band.
Abrahams has written with and produced for a variety of musicians. He contributed additional production to David Byrne and Brian Eno's Everything That Happens Will Happen Today, co-writing the lead single "Strange Overtones".
His production credits include Katie Melua, Wild Beasts, Paolo Nutini, Frightened Rabbit, Oscar and the Wolf, Hotei, Karl Hyde solo album, Diagrams, Josephine Oniyama, Carl Barât (of The Libertines), Chris Difford (of Squeeze), Brett Anderson (of Suede), Iarla O'Lionaird, Sparrow and the Workshop and Kill It Kid. He arranged the string sections for the 2003 album Silence is Easy by Starsailor, also conducting the orchestra at Abbey Road Studios.
He has co-written or arranged a variety of film soundtracks, including Peter Jackson's 2009 release The Lovely Bones with Brain Eno, Steve McQueen's award-winning Hunger with David Holmes, Seeking 1906 with Simon Winchester, Gardens of Paradise, The Graduates, After Happily Ever After, and also on the Oceans series with David Holmes.
Abrahams joined with long-time collaborators Jon Hopkins and Brian Eno to create the 2010 album Small Craft on a Milk Sea. The album is based largely on a two-week period of joint improvisation, as well as "several years of jams between the three of us." The album is officially described as "a Brian Eno album featuring Leo Abrahams and Jon Hopkins."
Inspired by his work on the film score to the 2003 film Code 46, Abrahams created his first solo album in 2005: Honeytrap, released on Just Music. It relies primarily on ambient sounds generated exclusively by guitars, rejecting keyboard effects, sampling, computer effects, or keyboards. The BBC referred to the album as "subtle, imaginative and sometimes intoxicatingly lovely."
Scene Memory (2006), his second solo album, was also in an ambient style, with sounds created entirely by playing electric guitars through chains of laptop effects. A Boomkat review stated "Abrahams blends piano, guitar, and electronics to an almost euphoric effect – the record feels like you are walking in a dream." Sea of Tranquility reviewed the album saying "he respects a certain level of restraint – the solo guitar- putting into sharp relief the...limitless opportunities for the resultant sounds and form. This work is thoughtful, adventurous, and the result of a high degree of artistic integrity."
His third album, the 2007 The Unrest Cure, was initially built out of sessions in New York with David Holmes' rhythm section. Brian Eno, KT Turnstall, Ed Harcourt, Foy Vance, Pati Yang, Merz, Phoebe Legere, Kari Kleiv, and poet Bingo Gazingo also contributed to the album. It involves heavier guitar lines than the previous two albums.
In his 2008 album Grape and the Grain, Abrahams continued to use English Folk themes, mainly with pieces featuring guitar, added instrumentation such as cello and medieval lute, and occasionally a hurdy-gurdy, which he learnt to play for the record.
He has released two further EPs on the Just Music label, and also released a vocal-based record on One Little Indian in 2011.
Abrahams has performed solo shows for his various albums across Europe, Russia, and the United States.
Discography
Solo recordings
Collaborations
Albums
2000: "Last of England" by Sex Gang Children – composer, producer, all instruments
2001: Here Be Monsters by Ed Harcourt – guitar/string arrangements, guitar
2003: From Every Sphere by Ed Harcourt – orchestral arrangements, guitar/keyboard
2003: Silence is Easy by Starsailor (#2 UK) – string arrangements
2005: How the Mighty Fall by Mark Owen (#78 UK) – co-writer
2005: Elephant's Graveyard by Ed Harcourt – string/wind arrangements
2006: Madman in the Basket by Andi Sex Gang – production, guitars
2006: Musikain by J. Peter Schwalm – guitars
2007: Inventing New Destruction by Andi Sex Gang – laptop guitars
2008: Everything That Happens Will Happen Today with David Byrne/Brian Eno (#1 CMJ) – production, various instrumentals
2008: The Redcastle Sessions with Cara Dillon – co-production, guitars, piano, percussion
2009: Slow Attack by Brett Anderson – co-writer, producer
2009: Come to Life by Natalie Imbruglia – additional production, guitar
2009: Frozen Heart by Smoke Fairies – production, keys
2009: Portraits of the Artists by Foy Vance – producer, co-writer, arranger, guitar, piano
2010: Ghosts by Smoke Fairies – producer
2010: Small Craft on a Milk Sea with Brian Eno and Jon Hopkins – co-writer, co-producer, guitar, guitaret, laptop
2010: Carl Barât by Carl Barât – co-writer, technical, guitar, mini-piano, omnichord, guitorgan, bass
2011: Death Fires by Carl Barât – producer, co-writer, arranger, guitar, piano
2011: Black Rainbows by Brett Anderson – co-writer, producer, guitar
2011: John Martyn Tribute by Paolo Nutini – producer, arranger, guitar, piano
2011: Cashmere If You Can by Chris Difford – producer, co-writer, arranger, guitar, piano
2011: Spitting Daggers by Sparrow and the Workshop – producer
2011: Foxlight by Iarla O'Lionaird – producer
2011: From Africa with Fury by Seun Kuti – producer
2011: Outside by Aisha Orazbayeva – producer/editor
2012: State Hospital (EP) by Frightened Rabbit – producer
2012: Portrait by Josephine Oniyama – co-writer, producer, instruments
2013: Pedestrian Verse by Frightened Rabbit – producer
2013: Edgeland by Karl Hyde – producer, co-writer
2013: EP by Olivia Chaney – producer
2014: Entity by Oscar and the Wolf – additional production and mix
2014: The Hand Gallery by Aisha Orazbayeva – engineer
2014: Present Tense by Wild Beasts – co-producer, session musician
2014: Caustic Love by Paolo Nutini – co-writer, co-producer, guitar, keyboards, programming, Wurlitzer, string and horn arrangement (Superfly)
2014: Lurrean etzanda by Ruper Ordorika – guitar
2014: New Beginnings by Hotei – co-writer, producer
2015: My Dreams Dictate My Reality by Soko – producer, engineering, guitar, hurdy-gurdy
2015: The Fade In Time by Sam Lee – mixed
2016: Remember Us To Life by Regina Spektor – producer
2016: EP 'S' by Emmy The Great - co-writer
2017: Silver Eye by Goldfrapp - programming
2017: Al Jamilat by Yasmine Hamdan - co-producer
2017: Dark Days and Canapés by Ghostpoet - co-writer, producer
2018: Violence by Editors - producer
2018: Songs You Make At Night by Tunng - co-mixer
2019: Diviner by Hayden Thorpe - producer, guitar, keyboards
2020: Album No. 8 by Katie Melua - producer, instruments
Soundtracks
Composer
2007: Searching 1906 – writer, performer
2009: Five Minutes of Heaven – co-writer with David Holmes
2009: Hunger – co-writer with David Holmes
2009: The Lovely Bones – co-writer with Brian Eno, guitar
2010: Yohan: The Child Wanderer'' – orchestrator
2011 'After Happily Ever After' – composer
2012: "Gardens of Paradise" – composer
2012: "The Graduates/Los Graduados" – composer
2013: "The Outer Edges (Edgeland)" – composer
References
External links
Solar Management
1977 births
Living people
People from the London Borough of Camden
English record producers
English folk guitarists
English male guitarists
English session musicians
English film score composers
English male film score composers
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
21st-century British guitarists
21st-century British male musicians
