Michigan's 99th House of Representatives district (also referred to as Michigan's 99th House district) is a legislative district within the Michigan House of Representatives located in parts of Bay, Clare, and Gladwin counties, as well as all of Arenac, Iosco, and Ogemaw counties. The district was created in 1965, when the Michigan House of Representatives district naming scheme changed from a county-based system to a numerical one. The district lines were redrawn to now consist of Iosco, Ogemaw and Arenac counties in their entirety and portions of Bay, Clare and Gladwin counties.
List of representatives
Recent Elections
Historical district boundaries
References
Michigan House of Representatives districts
Isabella County, Michigan
Midland County, Michigan
Kalashi () may refer to:
Kalashi-ye Abdol Qader, Kermanshah Province
Kalashi-ye Nahang, Kermanshah Province
Kalashi District, in Kermanshah Province
Kalashi Rural District, in Kermanshah Province
His Name Was King () is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Giancarlo Romitelli and starring Richard Harrison and Klaus Kinski.
Plot
The bounty killer "King" Marley kills one of the Benson brothers, who are wanted smugglers. In retaliation the Bensons kill King's brother and rape his sister-in-law. While King goes after the gang the widow is taken in by King's friend sheriff Foster. She is raped again by his deputy who is then killed by Foster.
The government agent Collins has King arrested, but this turns out to be a ruse to catch the real boss of the smuggling activities, which in fact is Foster. Collins also assists King in the final reckoning with the sheriff.
Cast
Richard Harrison as John 'King' Marley
Klaus Kinski as Brian Foster
Anne Puskin
Tom Felleghy
Lorenzo Fineschi
Vassili Karis
John Bartha
Federico Boido (as Rick Boyd)
Giorgio Dolfin
Paolo Magalotti
Osiride Pevarello
Luciano Pigozzi as Mr. Collins
Ada Pometti
Reception
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund writes that His Name Was King is an example of vengeance stories with an "external second motive", where there besides the avenger is a second protagonist with a different motive. This is a variant of the partnership plot that was used in many Spaghetti Westerns following the success of For a Few Dollars More where one of the bounty killer partners turns out to have a secret vengeance motive. In His Name Was King the different motivations of Collins (ending the smuggling activities) and King (revenge) in the end brings them together - the initial conflict being a stratagem by Collins. Also, in the seminal Django the hero has two conflicting motives (avenging himself on the villain Jackson for stealing his fortune) that strongly influence the plot, while King's two motives (revenge and collecting bounty for the Bensons) do not come into conflict, thus presenting a weaker version of such an "internal second motive".
References
External links
1971 films
1971 Western (genre) films
1970s Italian-language films
Spaghetti Western films
Films about rape
Films scored by Luis Bacalov
1970s Italian films
Exaiptasia diaphana, the pale anemone, is a species from the genus Exaiptasia.
References
Aiptasiidae
Make Someone Happy is the second studio album by Sophie Milman. The album was released on June 19, 2007.
Track listing
References
Sophie Milman albums
2007 albums
Linus Entertainment albums
Juno Award for Vocal Jazz Album of the Year albums
Pennsylvania Route 130 (PA 130) is a state highway located in Allegheny and Westmoreland counties in Pennsylvania. The western terminus is at PA 8 in Pittsburgh, and the eastern terminus is at PA 381 near Kregar.
The highway begins at a busy intersection in Pittsburgh's Highland Park neighborhood. For the next , it follows a portion of the Green Belt, running along a peaceful parkway in the urban environment of Pittsburgh and Penn Hills. It then serves as a major two-lane road through the suburbs of Penn Hills, Churchill, and Wilkins Township. It then connects with the old industrial suburbs of Turtle Creek, Wilmerding, Pitcairn, and Trafford. The road continues through suburban Penn Township, before passing through the industrial city of Jeannette, and entering Greensburg, one of several edge county seats which serve as Pittsburgh edge cities.
After journeying through heavily suburbanized Hempfield Township, the road enters a very rural area at the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.
Route description
Allegheny County
PA 130 begins at an intersection with PA 8 (which is a part of the Blue Belt of the Allegheny County belt system) in the Highland Park neighborhood of the city of Pittsburgh in Allegheny County, heading east on two-lane undivided Allegheny River Boulevard, which is a part of the Green Belt. The road passes under the Allegheny Valley Railroad's Brilliant Branch line and a connector track as it heads through woodland with the Allegheny Valley Railroad's Allegheny Subdivision line and the Allegheny River to the north of the road. The route crosses into Penn Hills Township and continues alongside the railroad and the river, turning southeast onto Sandy Creek Road away from the Allegheny River. PA 130 heads through wooded areas of commercial development and turning south. The route comes to an intersection with Verona Road in Sandy Creek, at which point the Green Belt turns west. The road becomes Coal Hollow Road and passes through woodland near residential subdivisions, curving southeast before heading south onto Old Coal Hollow Road and reaching an intersection with PA 380 in a commercial area. PA 130 becomes Beulah Road and runs through suburban residential neighborhoods, turning southwest as it crosses into the borough of Churchill. The route heads through wooded areas with some nearby homes, curving southeast and south before reaching an interchange with Interstate 376/US Route 22 (I-376/US 22), at which point it is a four-lane divided highway. Past this, the road becomes a four-lane undivided road and continues past homes, narrowing back to two lanes. PA 130 enters Wilkins Township and heads through commercial areas with some homes, becoming Brown Avenue and heading south. The road continues through wooded areas with some development, heading into the borough of Turtle Creek and passing homes.
The route curves southeast and passes under a Union Railroad line, turning east onto four-lane divided Osborne Street. PA 130 becomes Tri Boro Expressway and continues through commercial areas, with the Yellow Belt joining the road at the Thompson Street intersection. The road heads southeast between woods to the northeast and residential areas to the southwest, with the road elevated over the developed areas. The route becomes the border between Turtle Creek to the northeast and the borough of Wilmerding to the southwest before fully entering Wilmerding. PA 130 curves east and comes to an interchange with Patton Street, at which point the Yellow Belt splits from the route by heading south. The road crosses into the borough of Monroeville and runs north of Turtle Creek and Norfolk Southern's Pittsburgh Line as it turns northeast onto two-lane undivided Broadway Boulevard into woodland with some commercial development. The route heads into the borough of Pitcairn and passes downtown businesses, turning southeast. The route heads through woodland as it crosses back into Monroeville. PA 130 intersects PA 48, which also carries the Orange Belt. Past this intersection, the road continues south through more wooded areas of homes and businesses. The route turns east and crosses into the borough of Trafford, becoming 5th Street.
Westmoreland County
PA 130 comes to a bridge over the Turtle Creek into Westmoreland County, heading east through more of Trafford on the bridge, passing near industrial areas and heading over the abandoned Turtle Creek Industrial Railroad line. After the bridge, the route intersects the western terminus of PA 993 and runs through the commercial downtown, turning northeast onto Forest Avenue and heads into residential areas. PA 130 turns east onto 7th Street and passes more homes. The road turns northeast and becomes the border between Trafford to the northwest and North Huntingdon Township to the southeast, fully entering Trafford again and becomes Seventh Street Extension as it heads through more residential areas with some woods, curving east. The route crosses into Penn Township and becomes Harrison City Road, running through more areas of suburban housing developments. PA 130 continues southeast into more wooded areas of homes with a few businesses as an unnamed road, heading past more commercial establishments and crossing over I-76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike). The road continues into dense areas of housing developments, becoming Harrison City-Jeannette Road. The route comes to another intersection with PA 993 in Harrison City, at which point that route turns southeast and runs concurrently with PA 130, passing more businesses along with a few homes. After a turn to the south, PA 993 splits from PA 130 by turning east onto Bushy Run Road, and PA 130 continues southeast on Harrison Avenue, heading through more residential areas with a few businesses. The road heads through wooded areas with some farm fields and homes before crossing into the city of Jeannette and winding east through residential areas with some woods. The route turns southeast and passes near industry before continuing past several homes with some businesses. PA 130 turns east and briefly heads through Penn Township before crossing the Brush Creek into Hempfield Township. The road becomes unnamed and heads through wooded areas with some nearby homes as a four-lane divided highway. The route comes to an interchange with the PA 66 toll road and continues through more woodland with some homes and fields, becoming College Avenue.
PA 130 turns south and heads into the city of Greensburg, at which point it splits into a one-way pair at the Clopper Street intersection. Eastbound PA 130 continues south on two-lane, two-way, undivided College Avenue, running between the campus of Seton Hill University to the west and residential areas to the east. The road crosses under Norfolk Southern's Pittsburgh Line near the Greensburg station serving Amtrak's Pennsylvanian train and heads into the commercial downtown of Greensburg, becoming Bell Way. Eastbound PA 130 turns east onto one-way West Pittsburgh Street, carrying two travel lanes and coming to an intersection with US 119/PA 819/PA 66 Business. From here, eastbound PA 130 continues east on East Pittsburgh Street concurrent with northbound US 119/PA 819. US 119/PA 819 split to the north and eastbound PA 130 soon rejoins PA 130. Westbound PA 130 heads west into downtown Greensburg on one-way East Otterman Street, carrying three travel lanes. The route becomes concurrent with southbound US 119/PA 819 and continues west carrying two travel lanes. At the intersection with PA 66 Business, US 119/PA 819 turn south to join that route while westbound PA 130 turns north to join PA 66 Business on two-lane, two-way North Main Street. The road crosses Norfolk Southern's Pittsburgh Line and heads into residential areas, with westbound PA 130 splitting from PA 66 Business by heading west on Clopper Street, passing more homes before rejoining eastbound PA 130.
At the end of the one-way pair, both directions of PA 130 head east on two-lane undivided East Pittsburgh Street, crossing under the Southwest Pennsylvania Railroad's Greensburg Industrial Track line and the Five-Star Trail, passing homes and businesses. The route heads into commercial areas and turns southeast onto Humphrey Road, with East Pittsburgh Street continuing east to provide access to and from the eastbound direction of US 30. PA 130 heads through residential areas in Hempfield Township with some commercial establishments, coming to an interchange with access to and from the westbound direction of the US 30 freeway. The road passes through more residential neighborhoods in Stonevilla before turning south into more wooded areas with a few homes as an unnamed road. The route winds southeast through more woodland with some nearby housing developments, crossing into Unity Township as it passes to the southwest of Unity Reservoir. PA 130 becomes Pleasant Unity Road and heads into a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes, becoming unnamed again. The route turns southwest onto Myers Road before turning south onto another unnamed road. PA 130 turns east and curves south through more rural areas with some housing developments, curving southeast and making a turn to the northeast at Humphreys. The road curves east-southeast and heads into the residential community of Pleasant Unity, coming to an intersection with PA 981. Here, PA 981 turns east to form a concurrency with PA 130, with the road heading southeast through more of the community. PA 981 splits to the northeast and PA 130 continues southeast into open agricultural areas with some woods and homes.
The road becomes the border between Unity Township to the northeast and Mount Pleasant Township to the southwest as it forms a short concurrency with PA 982 in Lycippus. The route heads through more farmland as an unnamed road and heads into forested areas, crossing Chestnut Ridge. PA 130 turns south to fully enter Mount Pleasant Township before curving southeast into Donegal Township. The road becomes the border between Cook Township to the northeast and Donegal Township to the southwest and heads through more forests with some farm fields and homes. The route comes to an intersection with PA 711 in Stahlstown and continues through more forested areas. PA 130 turns east fully into Cook Township and runs a short distance to the north of I-70/I-76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike) before reaching its eastern terminus at an intersection with PA 381.
History
Originally, the PA 130 designation between Greensburg and Turtle Creek was known as PA 993 from 1928 until 1932. In 1932, PA 993 was replaced by PA 180 and extended west toward PA 380 near Pittsburgh. In 1936, PA 186 replaced PA 180, and PA 180 was shifted to an alignment continuing east of its old alignment to PA 381 in Cook Township. In 1941, the PA 186 designation was eliminated, and PA 180 took its place from PA 380 near Pittsburgh to PA 381 in Cook Township. With the introduction of the Interstate Highway System, Interstate 180 was introduced as a spur highway of I-80 into Williamsport. As a result, the PA 180 designation was replaced by PA 130 in 1961.
In 1971, the Tri-Boro Expressway was completed, of which a portion of PA 130 runs concurrent. PA 130 joins the expressway Brown Avenue and continues east to State Street in Allegheny County. In 1998, PA 130 was rerouted along College Avenue and Bell Way, a one-way pair in Greensburg.
Future
In 2019, the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission (PTC) announced that it would begin work to construct a new interchange in Penn Township that would connect the Pennsylvania Turnpike to PA 130. The interchange would involve cashless tolling. On October 28, 2021, it was announced that design work on the interchange would begin. The interchange between the turnpike and PA 130 is projected to be completed in 2026.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
130
Transportation in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Pittsburgh
Ladislav Kačáni (1 April 1931 – 5 February 2018) was a Slovak football player. He played for Czechoslovakia national team in 20 matches and scored three goals.
He was a participant at the 1954 FIFA World Cup, where he played in two matches.
Kačáni played mostly for Inter Bratislava. He later began coaching career and led Inter Bratislava and, together with Ladislav Novák, Czechoslovakia national team.
References
ČMFS entry
1931 births
2018 deaths
Slovak footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
1954 FIFA World Cup players
Slovak football managers
Czechoslovak football managers
Czechoslovakia international footballers
Czechoslovakia national football team managers
FK Inter Bratislava players
People from Lučenec
FK Inter Bratislava managers
FC Lokomotíva Košice managers
Association football forwards
Gnorismoneura monofascia is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 14 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with indistinct brownish admixture and sparse brown strigulation (fine streaks). The markings are brown. The hindwings are cream.
Etymology
The specific epithet refers to the colouration of the forewing and is derived from Latin mono (meaning single) and fascia (meaning a fascia, element of marking).
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
William Duggan may refer to:
Willie Duggan (1950–2017), Irish rugby union player
Bill Duggan (born 1974), American actor
Billy Duggan (1884–1934), Australian trade unionist
William Duggan (curler)
William Duggan (New York City)
See also
William Dugan (disambiguation)
Duggan (surname)
Ebenezer Johnson (1786–1849) was an American businessman and politician. He served as the first mayor of Buffalo, New York from May 1832 – March 1833 and 1834–1835.
Early life
Ebenezer Johnson was born in New England on November 7, 1786. He studied medicine in Cherry Valley, New York with Dr. Joseph White, a well-known physician of the time.
Career
He came to Buffalo in 1810 where he began a medical practice and eventually opened a drug store.
During the War of 1812, he was appointed "surgeon's mate," or assistant surgeon. From 1823 on, Johnson had many business dealings including banking and bought property throughout the city.
On May 28, 1832 the first election in Buffalo took place and under the first city charter, the Common Council had the power to elect the mayor. Dr. Ebenezer Johnson was elected the first mayor of Buffalo with a salary of $250 per year and his political affiliation was Democrat-Republican. During his term he established the first hospital, the McHose House, for the care of cholera patients. Johnson served as mayor from May 1832 to March 1833. He declined a second term. He did accept his re-election in 1834, serving a second and final term ending in 1835.
Dr. Johnson owned a parcel of land on Delaware Street, from Chippewa to Tupper, now known as "Johnson Park" and located in the West Village Historic District. His land was approximately total. It was surrounded by a high fence and he allowed wild animals to live freely within its limits. His home was known as "Johnson Cottage," or just "the Cottage," and was a well-known place for socializing. The property included fruit orchards, vegetable gardens, flower beds, and elm trees.
After his second term, he moved to Tellico Plains, Tennessee, where he owned an iron ore mine with his brother, Elisha Johnson, who was a former mayor of Rochester, New York.
Personal life
On January 25, 1811, he married Sally M. Johnson at Cherry Valley. She died in June 1834, and on December 7, 1835, he married Lucy E. Lord.
Death
Johnson died at Tellico Plains on September 23, 1849.
References
1786 births
1849 deaths
Mayors of Buffalo, New York
People from Tellico Plains, Tennessee
New York (state) Democratic-Republicans
American military personnel of the War of 1812
Businesspeople from Tennessee
19th-century American politicians
Kienle Cirque () is an ice-filled cirque, wide, the largest cirque on the west side of White Island, in the Ross Archipelago, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (1999) after Juergen Kienle of the Geophysical Institute, University of Alaska Fairbanks, a team leader for the investigation of volcanic activity and seismicity at nearby Mount Erebus in six seasons, 1980–81 through 1985–86.
References
Cirques of Antarctica
Landforms of the Ross Dependency
White Island (Ross Archipelago)
Vamos ('Let's go!'), also known as Esta Tarde ('This Afternoon') or Esta Noche ('Tonight'), is a popular Spanish-language football chant from Peru attributed to the Trinchera Norte (Northern Trench), the barra brava of Lima sports club Universitario de Deportes. Trinchera Norte invented the chant in the early 1990s to cheer Universitario; it has since been slightly modified by supporters of other football clubs, such as Minnesota United FC, Orlando City SC, D.C. United, and Club Universidad de Chile, as well as by the fans of the national teams from Chile, Ecuador, and Peru.
The chant's melody is similar to the Portuguese-language cheer Eu Sou Brasileiro (I Am Brazilian), invented in 1949 by the Brazilian teacher Nelson Biasoli.
History
Universitario's barra brava
Peruvian club Universitario's organized football supporters, Trinchera Norte, created the Vamos chant in the early 1990s, originally naming the cheer as Esta Tarde. The chant has also been adapted by supporters of Peru's national team as ¡Vamos peruanos! (Let's go Peruvians!). During the qualification process for the Russia 2018 World Cup, Peruvians notably sung the chant alongside Argentines disgruntled by the performance of Argentina's national team at the La Bombonera stadium.
Vamos chilenos
After listening to Universitario's fans singing the chant, the Chilean group Los de Abajo (The Ones From Below), the barra brava of Club Universidad de Chile, adapted the chant to cheer their football club. "John Connor," the pseudonym of a leader of Los de Abajo, stated to a reporter of the Santiago newspaper La Tercera that: "At the 'U' we began singing [the chant] in 1993, as it seemed to us to be a good tune. And thanks to us, not the Peruvians, it was popularized, because even then Los de Abajo were the biggest barra in the Pacific."
Vamos''' popularity increased in Chile after Los de Abajo adapted the chant's lyrics to cheer Chile's national team in the qualification process for the France 1998 World Cup, renaming the chant as ¡Vamos chilenos! (Let's go Chileans!). During the 1996 Chilean telethon for children with developmental disabilities, held at that country's National Stadium, the Vamos chant reached even higher levels of popularity after host Don Francisco, aided by sports journalist Jorge Hevia, slightly changed the lyrics to encourage the fundraiser's completion—ever since then, Vamos is considered the unofficial anthem of Chile's Teletón.
In 2010, Keyvan Heydari, journalist for the American nonprofit National Public Radio, listed ¡Vamos chilenos! as representative of Chile's supporters and one of the "battle hymns" of the South Africa 2010 World Cup. Also in 2010, Chilean musician Rodrigo Medel registered a version of the chant with the Sociedad Chilena del Derecho de Autor (Chilean Copyright Society), but its inscription as a folk song prevents him from receiving royalties.
MLS fan anthems
Fans from football clubs from the North American Major League Soccer (MLS) have included the Vamos chant among others that they adapted from foreign leagues. Sports journalist Phil West, wrote for the MLS's official website that the Vancouver Southsiders, supporters of the Canadian football club Vancouver Whitecaps, adapted the Vamos chant from Chile's ¡Vamos chilenos!.
The Screaming Eagles and La Barra Brava, supporters of the American football club D.C. United, also modified the chant for their club, renaming it as Vamos DC United. The altered chant, sung in Spanish, is considered traditional by the club, which even inscribed the phrase "Vamos United Esta Noche Tenemos Que Ganar" (Let's Go United Tonight We've Got To Win) on their 2015 jersey's neck tape. In 2012, Elliott Turner, football correspondent for British newspaper The Guardian, listed Vamos DC United among the five best "fanthems" from MLS, describing it as "simple yet powerful."
International footballVamos has increased in popularity at international football matches beyond Peru and Chile. Since 2014, the supporters of Ecuador's national team chant a version of Vamos renamed as ¡Vamos ecuatorianos!. Also in 2014, the Ultras Malaya supporters of Malaysia's national team chant a version of Vamos under the name of Ayuh MalaysiaKu'' (Come on my Malaysia!).
This chant also used by several supporters in Indonesia, as well as the Indonesia's TimNas.
Lyrics
Original lyrics (in Spanish):
Modified lyrics (in Spanish):
English translation:
See also
Football in Peru
List of songs dedicated to association football
Olé, Olé, Olé
Vamos, vamos, Argentina
References
Football songs and chants
Peru national football team
Chile national football team
D.C. United
Peruvian songs
Spanish-language songs
Year of song missing
George Ferebee (or Feribye, Ferrabee, etc.) (floruit 1613) was an English churchman and composer, who was appointed chaplain to King James I.
The son of a Gloucestershire yeoman, Ferebee was born about 1573 and matriculated at Oxford on 25 October 1589, aged 16 (Clark). He was a chorister of Magdalen College until 1591. He was admitted B.A. 1592, licensed to be M.A. 9 July 1595, and became vicar of Bishop's Cannings, Wiltshire, where he arranged for the church to be provided with an organ and a peal of eight bells.
Wood relates how Ferebee found and ingeniously made use of an opportunity to display his talents before Queen Anne, the consort of James I, on her way from Bath, in June 1613; in the dress of an old bard, Ferebee, with his pupils in the guise of shepherds, entertained the royal lady and her suite as they rested at Wensdyke (or Wansdyke) with wind-instrument music, a four-part song beginning 'Shine, O thou sacred Shepherds' star, on silly [or seely] Shepherd swains', and an epilogue. This quaint and courtier-like action earned Ferebee the title of chaplain to the king.
Nichols mentions the publication, on 19 June of the same year, of 'A Thing called "The Shepherd's Songe before Queen Anne in four parts complete musical, upon the Playnes of Salisbury"'. In 1615 appeared 'Life's Farewell, a sermon at St. John's in the Devises in Wilts, 30 Aug. 1614, at the Funerall of John Drew, gent., on 2 Sam. xiv. 14', 4to.
References
1573 births
17th-century deaths
16th-century English composers
17th-century English composers
17th-century classical composers
Alumni of the University of Oxford
English classical composers
English Baroque composers
Musicians from Gloucestershire
English male classical composers
16th-century English clergy
17th-century English clergy
17th-century male musicians
The 2013 Donegal county football team season was the franchise's 109th season since the County Board's foundation in 1905. The team entered the season as defending All-Ireland champions after winning Sam Maguire MMXII.
Jim McGuinness returned for his third season as the team's manager. Pioneer of the game's revolutionary tactic The System, he entered the season with two Ulster titles (2011, 2012). Attempting to secure an unprecedented three-in-a-row this season, his men came undone in the final game of the series against Monaghan. Two games later they lost their All-Ireland crown against Mayo.
Competitions
Dr McKenna Cup
League
Ulster Senior Football Championship
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship
Panel
The following were called into the senior panel for the 2013 Dr McKenna Cup.
Minor panel
Correct as of 17 April 2013.
Notes
Management team
Manager: Jim McGuinness (senior team)
Selectors: Rory Gallagher, Maxi Curran, Pat Shovelin
Surgical consultant: Kevin Moran
Team doctor: Charlie McManus
Team physio: Dermot Simpson
Physiotherapists: Charlie Molloy, Paul Coyle, Donal Reid, JD.
Manager: Stephen Friel (minor team)
Awards
Footballer of the Year
Michael Murphy
References
Donegal county football team seasons
Wanzhou District () is Chongqing's second most populated urban core area on the upper reaches of the Three Gorges of the Yangtze River in China. It is currently governed as a district of Chongqing Municipality, bordering Sichuan to the northwest and Hubei to the southeast. It was formerly known as Wanxian or Wan County (). Prior to Chongqing's formation as a direct-controlled municipality, Wanzhou was part of Sichuan province. The urban core of Wanzhou is away from Chongqing's city proper.
"Wanzhou" literally means "myriad-prefecture", where "a myriad rivers converge and a myriad traders gather" (). Due to the construction of the Three Gorges Dam, 47% of Wanzhou's old urban area was submerged and had to be relocated.
History
The district was part of Wanxian Prefecture (), then the prefectural Wanxian City (). It was renamed to Wanzhou in late 1990s.
It was part of Quren County of Ba Commandery () in the Qin Dynasty. It became Yangqu County () in 216 (the Eastern Han Dynasty). In 230 (the Shu-Han Kingdom), it was renamed to Nanpu (); in 553 (the Western Wei dynasty), to Yuquan (); in 557 (Northern Zhou Dynasty), to Anxiang (); in 584, to Wanchuan (); and in 598 (Sui Dynasty), to Nanpu again.
In 619 (Tang Dynasty), Nanpu Commandery () was established. In 625, the name was changed to Pu Prefecture (), and in 634, to Wan Prefecture (). In 1373 (Yuan Dynasty), Wan was demoted to a county ().
In the 19th century, it was known in English as Wanhsien and Wan County. In 1935, it became Wanxian Prefecture (). On December 12, 1992, the State Council abolished Wanxian Prefecture and its subordinate Wanxian City and created the prefecture-level Wanxian City, which administered the districts of Longbao (), Tiancheng (), Wuqiao () and the counties of Kai, Zhong, Liangping, Yunyang, Fengjie, Wushan, Wuxi, and Chengkou.
The entire Wanxian City was merged into Chongqing on December 20, 1997. The merge necessitated the abolishment of Wanxian City and creation of Wanxian District and Wanxian Migration Development Area (). Wanxian City's three districts were converted to administrative committees (, abbreviated ) of Wanxian District. The migration development area included the counties formerly in Wanxian City, except Liangping and Chengkou, which were administered by Chongqing directly.
On May 22, 1998, the State Council approved that the two areas named Wanxian were both renamed to Wanzhou. The migration development area later dissolved and its counties were directly controlled by Chongqing. On July 19, 2000, the district's administrative committees were changed to migration development areas.
Sports
The 26,000-capacity Wanzhou Pailou Sports Stadium is located in Wanzhou. It is used mostly for association football and also sometimes for athletics. One stand is covered with a roof.
Geography and climate
Wanzhou spans 30°24′−31°14′ N latitude and 107°55′−108°53′ E longitude, and is situated at the eastern edge of the Sichuan Basin. It reaches a maximal north–south extent of and east–west width of , covering an area of . Elevations range from in the town of Tailong () to at Shaping Peak () of the Qiyao Mountains (). Bordering county-level divisions:
Yunyang Countyeast
Shizhu Countysouth
Lichuan, Hubeisouth
Zhong Countywest
Liangping Countywest
Kaijiang County, Sichuannorth
Kai Countynorth
Similar to the city proper of Chongqing, Wanzhou has a monsoon-humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cwa) with short, mild winters, and very hot, humid summers, and is in fact on average warmer during the day. The monthly 24-hour average temperature ranges from in January to in August, while the annual mean is .
Climate
Subdivisions
The 4 primary subdivisions were 3 migration development areas (Longbao, Tiancheng, Wuqiao) and Jiangnan New District (). Now Wanzhou is subdivided into 92 township divisions are 16 sub-districts, 33 towns, and 43 townships (see Administrative divisions of the People's Republic of China#Levels). In 2000, the district included 32 towns, 45 townships, 14 sub-districts, and 1277 neighborhood and village committees.
Colleges and universities
Chongqing Three Gorges University ()
Chongqing Three Gorges Medical College ()
Chongqing Three Gorges Polytechnic College ()
Chongqing Information Technology College ()
Chongqing Preschool Education College ()
Chongqing Vocational Institute of Safety & Technology ()
Chongqing Science And Technology Career Academy ()
Transport
Wanzhou has three Yangtze River crossings. It has two railway stations: Wanzhou North offers high-speed service and Wanzhou offers infrequent conventional services.
China National Highway 318
Wanzhou Wuqiao Airport
Gallery
References
External links
Official site (in Simplified Chinese)
Wanxian Travel
Districts of Chongqing
Lloyd Spencer Spooner (October 6, 1884 – December 20, 1966) was an American sports shooter and Olympic champion.
He won four gold medals, one silver medal and two bronze medals at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp. Six of his seven medals were in team competitions, and the one individual bronze medal was obtained in the Military Rifle, Prone, 600m.
He was born in Tacoma, Washington and died in Zephyrhills, Florida.
See also
List of multiple Olympic gold medalists at a single Games
References
1884 births
1966 deaths
American male sport shooters
Shooters at the 1920 Summer Olympics
United States Distinguished Marksman
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in shooting
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in shooting
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in shooting
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Sawtooth Peak is a jagged mountain rising to a height of . It is a landmark of the Mineral King region of the Sierra Nevada, in Sequoia National Park. In the past, it was known as Miner's Peak. It contains a supply of gold and mercury.
Hiking
The trailhead up to Sawtooth Peak starts in Mineral King, 23 miles off of the 198 on Mineral King Road. The trailhead is located at the end of Mineral King Road in a parking lot/staging area. The trail up to the peak is 11.5 miles round trip and is rated difficult. The last half-mile of the trail is mainly loose gravel and steep switchbacks. The base of the trail is at 7800 Ft elevation and climbs up to 12,400 Ft at the top of the pass. Hiking is recommended from May to October. Permits are required for overnight stay.
Climbing
The easiest approach is from the valley to Sawtooth Pass, and then up the northwest slope of the peak. It was first climbed by Joseph Lovelace during a deer hunt in 1871.
Today, this approach follows an established trail to Sawtooth Pass, then continues on a cross-country route to the peak. The section of trail from Monarch Lakes to Sawtooth Pass is steep and marred by granite sand, and as such is prone to erosion. The trailhead, shared with the Timber Gap trail, is located in the Mineral King Valley, about 1/2 mile (0.80 km) uphill from the Ranger Station. It starts at , is approximately round trip, and the route reaches a final elevation of at the peak.
Climate
According to the Köppen climate classification system, Sawtooth Peak is located in an alpine climate zone. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel east toward the Sierra Nevada mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks (orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the range.
References
External links
Mountains of Sequoia National Park
Mountains of Tulare County, California
Mountains of Northern California
Sierra Nevada (United States)
North American 3000 m summits
The bronze-olive pygmy tyrant (Pseudotriccus pelzelni) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
bronze-olive pygmy tyrant
Birds of the Northern Andes
bronze-olive pygmy tyrant
bronze-olive pygmy tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Zion Merili (; born 11 February 1957 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli former professional association footballer who was part of the 1988–89 championship squad at Maccabi Haifa and the Israel national football team.
Biography
Early life
Merili grew up in Katamon in an Orthodox Jewish household. Zion would sneak off after going to the synagogue to player football with friends.
Footnotes
References
External links
Profile and short biography of Zion Merili on Maccabi Haifa's official website
1957 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli footballers
Association football defenders
Hapoel Jerusalem F.C. players
Maccabi Haifa F.C. players
Israel international footballers
Footballers from Jerusalem
In direct-current circuit theory, Norton's theorem, also called the Mayer–Norton theorem, is a simplification that can be applied to networks made of linear time-invariant resistances, voltage sources, and current sources. At a pair of terminals of the network, it can be replaced by a current source and a single resistor in parallel.
For alternating current (AC) systems the theorem can be applied to reactive impedances as well as resistances.
The Norton equivalent circuit is used to represent any network of linear sources and impedances at a given frequency.
Norton's theorem and its dual, Thévenin's theorem, are widely used for circuit analysis simplification and to study circuit's initial-condition and steady-state response.
Norton's theorem was independently derived in 1926 by Siemens & Halske researcher Hans Ferdinand Mayer (1895–1980) and Bell Labs engineer Edward Lawry Norton (1898–1983).
To find the equivalent, the Norton current Ino is calculated as the current flowing at the terminals into a short circuit (zero resistance between A and B). This is Ino. The Norton resistance Rno is found by calculating the output voltage produced with no resistance connected at the terminals; equivalently, this is the resistance between the terminals with all (independent) voltage sources short-circuited and independent current sources open-circuited. This is equivalent to calculating the Thevenin resistance.
When there are dependent sources, the more general method must be used. The voltage at the terminals is calculated for an injection of a 1 Amp test current at the terminals. This voltage divided by the 1 A current is the Norton impedance Rno. This method must be used if the circuit contains dependent sources, but it can be used in all cases even when there are no dependent sources.
Example of a Norton equivalent circuit
In the example, the total current Itotal is given by:
The current through the load is then, using the current divider rule:
And the equivalent resistance looking back into the circuit is:
So the equivalent circuit is a 3.75 mA current source in parallel with a 2 kΩ resistor.
Conversion to a Thévenin equivalent
A Norton equivalent circuit is related to the Thévenin equivalent by the equations:
Queueing theory
The passive circuit equivalent of "Norton's theorem" in queuing theory is called the Chandy Herzog Woo theorem. In a reversible queueing system, it is often possible to replace an uninteresting subset of queues by a single (FCFS or PS) queue with an appropriately chosen service rate.
See also
Ohm's Law
Millman's theorem
Source transformation
Superposition theorem
Thévenin's theorem
Maximum power transfer theorem
Extra element theorem
References
External links
Norton's theorem at allaboutcircuits.com
Circuit theorems
Linear electronic circuits
Autoroute 530 (A-530) is an autoroute located Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Montérégie, Quebec. The spur route links Autoroute 30 with Salaberry-de-Valleyfield and features two interchanges, one at Boulevard Pie XII and the other at Route 201. Originally, Autoroute 530 was to connect to Autoroute 20 and Autoroute 30 along the Route 201 corridor through Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, crossing the St. Lawrence River via the Monseigneur Langlois Bridge. Part of this highway was built during Autoroute 20 construction in Coteau-du-Lac, but designated as part of Route 201.
Autoroute 530 was originally part of Autoroute 30, but was re-designated in 2012 when A-30 was realigned to cross the St. Lawrence River.
Exit list
From west to east.
Photo gallery
References
External links
Transports Quebec Map
530
Kornél or Kornel may refer to:
Kornél Ábrányi (1822–1903), Hungarian pianist, music writer, theorist, composer
Kornél Bardóczky (born 1978), retired professional tennis player from Hungary
Kornél Béke (born 1998), Hungarian canoeist
Kornél Csernik (born 1998), Hungarian football player
Kornél Dávid (born 1971), retired Hungarian professional basketball player
Kornel Filipowicz (1913–1990), Polish novelist, poet and screenwriter
Kornél Havasi (1892–1945), Jewish-Hungarian chess master
Kornel Hoffmann (born 1881), Austrian footballer
Kornél Késmárki (1903–1965), Hungarian athlete
Kornél Khiesz (born 1992), Hungarian professional footballer
Karl-Ferdinand Kornel (1882–1953), Estonian jurist, journalist, diplomat and politician
Lukács Kornél (born 1991), Hungarian rally and rallycross driver
Kornél Kulcsár (born 1991), Hungarian football player
Kornel Lanczos (1893–1974), Hungarian mathematician and physicist
Kornel Makuszyński (1884–1953), Polish writer of children's and youth literature
Kornél Marosvári (1943–2016), Hungarian sports shooter
Kornél Molnár (born 1933), Hungarian boxer
Kornel Morawiecki (1941–2019), Polish politician, founder and leader of Fighting Solidarity
Kornél Mundruczó (born 1975), Hungarian film and theatre director
Kornél Nagy (born 1986), Hungarian handball player
Kornel Osyra (born 1993), Polish professional footballer
Kornél Oszlányi (1893–1960), Hungarian military officer, division commander during World War II
Kornél Pajor (1923–2016), Hungarian speed skating World Champion
Kornel Saláta (born 1985), Slovak professional football
Kornél Sámuel (1883–1914), Hungarian sculptor
Kornél Szántó (born 1978), Hungarian short track speed skater
Kornél Szűcs (born 2001), Hungarian football player
Gábor Kornél Tolnai(1902–1982), Hungarian-Swedish engineer, inventor, constructor
Kornel Ujejski (1823–1897), Polish poet, patriot and political writer of the Austrian Empire
Viktorin Kornel of Všehrdy (1460–1520), Czech humanist and lawyer, Vice-scribe at the Land Court in Prague Castle
Kornel Witkowski (born 2002), Polish figure skater
See also
The Wondrous Voyage of Kornel Esti, a 1995 Hungarian drama film
Kernell (disambiguation)
Kornele
Kornelia
Kornelin (disambiguation)
Korneliya
Cornelius (disambiguation)
Poverty Bay (Māori: Tūranganui-a-Kiwa) is the largest of several small bays on the east coast of New Zealand's North Island to the north of Hawke Bay. It stretches for from Young Nick's Head in the southwest to Tuaheni Point in the northeast. The city of Gisborne is located on the northern shore of the bay and the small settlement of Muriwai is located at the bay's southern end. The name is often used by extension to refer to the entire area surrounding the city of Gisborne. Poverty Bay is the home of the Māori iwi (tribes) Te Aitanga-a-Māhaki, Rongowhakaata and Ngāi Tāmanuhiri.
History
The first European known to have set foot in New Zealand, Captain James Cook of , did so here on 7 October 1769 (at which time it was known as Teoneroa). This first meeting led to the death of Te Maro during a skirmish with the crew. Although Cook was able to obtain some herbs to ward off scurvy, he was unable to gain many of the provisions he and his crew needed at the bay, and for this reason gave it the name Poverty Bay. Cook's first choice of name for the inlet, before the conflict, had been Endeavour Bay, as a memorial of the ship's first landing place in New Zealand. In February 2019, the name of the bay was officially gazetted as Tūranganui-a-Kiwa / Poverty Bay by the New Zealand Geographic Board.
Bay whaling stations operated in the bay during the 19th century.
In 1868, Te Kooti, a Māori rebel leader, and Hauhau followers were incarcerated without trial in the Chatham Islands. Te Kooti and 300 mostly Hauhau warriors overcome the crew of the schooner Rifleman and escaped, with their women and children, from the Chatham Islands to Poverty Bay. They landed at Whareongaonga Bay, near Young Nick's Head. From there, he ventured inland to wage guerilla war on the armed constabulary and sympathetic Maori for several years, as well as several raids on settlers and antipathetic Maori villages. On 10 November 1868, Te Kooti and his followers attacked the township of Matawhero on the outskirts of Gisborne. Some 54 people were slaughtered, including women and children. The dead included 22 local Māori as well as European settlers.
Geography
The bay is fed by the Waipaoa River, whose catchment is – large enough for individual storms and events to have a small impact on the sedimentary outflow. The river's alluvial buffering is also minimal, and 95% of sediments are trapped by subduction-related anticlines on the bay's seaward flank. This has led to Poverty Bay becoming a case area for sedimentary studies. The sediments of the bay provide records of changes brought about by the onset of the ENSO, colonisation of New Zealand by Polynesians (and associated deforestation), subsequent deforestation by westerners, and the Taupo eruption.
Poverty Bay is one of the more fertile areas of New Zealand and famous for its Chardonnay, fruit, vegetables and avocados, with abundant sunshine and fertile alluvial soil.
References
Bays of the Gisborne District
Whaling stations in New Zealand
USA-151, also known as GPS IIR-5, GPS SVN-44, and Navstar-48 is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the fifth Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched, out of thirteen in the original configuration, and twenty one overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-151 was launched at 09:17:00 UTC on 16 July 2000, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D279, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-151 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 27 July 2000, USA-151 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 722.98 minutes, and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 28 signal, and operates in slot 3 of plane B of the GPS constellation, having originally been operated in slot 5. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. It was retired on 23 June 2021.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2000
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Abba Amona is a Kabbalistic mythological figure of the Judaic people. The duo is the divine couple vaunted in Kabbalah. The term translates to "Father-Mother".
References
Kabbalistic words and phrases
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Taichi Nagaoka. It has been serialized by Kadokawa Shoten on their Young Ace Up manga website since July 2019.
Premise
Kōta Ooyama is a high school student who lives alone. One day, Riko Akutsu, a delinquent classmate, suddenly arrives at his apartment complex and decides to use his room as her personal hangout. Despite wanting Akutsu to go home, Ooyama is conflicted about the situation.
Characters
Ooyama is a second-year high school student who lives alone, but has to deal with Akutsu since she is constantly hanging out in his room after school and sometimes even stays the night. While he does want Akutsu to go home, he becomes flustered when he is around her. He is also concerned that she might stay at some other guy's place if she leaves.
Akutsu is Ooyama's delinquent classmate who constantly hangs out in his room to read manga, play video games, and eat snacks. While she likes to tease Ooyama, she slowly develops romantic feelings towards him, especially after he makes statements like pleading her to stay and not wanting her to go off with any other guys.
Misaki is one of Akutsu's friends since middle school. Knowing that Akutsu has feelings for Ooyama, she likes to tease her about the situation. She is the shortest of the three girls and has short black hair with bunches.
Yōko is one of Akutsu's friends since middle school. Knowing that Akutsu has feelings for Ooyama, she likes to flirt with Ooyama in order to get a reaction out of Akutsu. She has short brown hair in a ponytail and a large chest.
Ōya is the landlady's 20-year-old daughter. As a fan of romantic comedy manga, she becomes very interested in Ooyama and Akutsu's relationship when she realizes Akutsu is secretly in love with Ooyama but shyly denies it.
Ooyama's mother is a kind woman who shows up at her son's apartment. She was initially skeptical of Akutsu until she is convinced that Akutsu and her son are dating.
Hibiki is a year younger than Ooyama and Akutsu. She is a delinquent who initially tried to challenge Akutsu, but lost. Since then, she has looked up to Akutsu as a big sister and demands that Ooyama give Akutsu back to her. She and Akutsu used to hang out together in the same room.
Reiko is a woman who shows up at Ooyama's apartment after she discovers her daughter's whereabouts. It is revealed she was a delinquent herself, as she also hung out often in her future husband's room, and she behaves very much like her daughter. The author intended to add more cute characters and ended up adding another Akutsu-san instead.
He is a man who shows up at Ooyama's apartment after who figures out what his daughter is doing. Like Ooyama, he had to deal with his future wife when she hung out in his room.
Publication
Written and illustrated by Taichi Nagaoka, Please Go Home, Miss Akutsu! began serialization on Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace Up manga website on July 29, 2019. Kadokawa has collected its chapters into individual tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on June 4, 2020. As of June 3, 2022, five volumes have been released.
On September 21, 2022, Seven Seas Entertainment announced they licensed the series. They will release the first volume under their Ghost Ship imprint in April 2023.
Volume list
References
Works cited
"Ch." is shortened form for chapter and refers to a chapter number of the Please Go Home, Miss Akutsu! manga.
Other references
External links
Japanese webcomics
Kadokawa Shoten manga
Romantic comedy anime and manga
School life in anime and manga
Slice of life anime and manga
Seinen manga
Seven Seas Entertainment titles
Webcomics in print
Time After Time is an American period drama/science fiction television series that aired on ABC from March 5 to March 26, 2017. The series, developed by Kevin Williamson, is based on the 1979 novel of the same name by Karl Alexander and was commissioned on May 12, 2016. ABC removed the series from its schedule after broadcasting five episodes. However, all 12 episodes have been broadcast in Spain, Portugal, South Africa and Australia. In addition, as of February 2019, all 12 episodes can be viewed streaming on CW Seed.
Cast
Freddie Stroma as H. G. Wells, a 19th-century author and intellectual who invented a time machine and travels to 2017 to capture John.
Josh Bowman as John Stevenson/Jack the Ripper, a London surgeon and Wells's friend who is secretly a notorious serial killer, and escapes, using Wells's time machine, to 2017.
Genesis Rodriguez as Jane Walker, assistant curator of the New York Metropolitan Museum.
Nicole Ari Parker as Vanessa Anders, a wealthy philanthropist and Wells's great-great-granddaughter.
Jennifer Ferrin as Brooke Monroe, a neuropathologist with an interest in Stevenson.
Will Chase as Griffin Monroe, a politician romantically involved with Vanessa Anders, who has a secret agenda regarding Wells's time machine. He is Brooke Monroe's brother.
Episodes
With the exception of the pilot, each episode is named after a phrase in the song "Time After Time" by Cyndi Lauper, which was named after the 1979 film of the same name. The film itself was based on the novel of the same name used as the source material of the series.
Reception
The series has received mixed reviews from critics. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 67% approval rating with an average rating of 6.29/10 based on 30 reviews. The website's consensus reads, "Time After Time employs its central narrative gimmick to ill effect, leaving a charming cast stranded in a stream of tedious storylines." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 59 out of 100 based on 24 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Sonia Saraiya, writing in Variety, felt that despite an engaging lead performance the series failed to live up to its "fun" potential, and raised strident objections to its style of violence: "the studied shallowness of Time After Time's approach to violence makes for a sickening dynamic that attempts to cheaply humanize a serial killer. And while a shallow look at violence might be all that broadcast television's standards and practices will allow, it feels both flat and exploitative."
See also
The Time Machine, 1895 novella by H. G. Wells
References
External links
American Broadcasting Company original programming
2017 American television series debuts
2017 American television series endings
2010s American drama television series
2010s American science fiction television series
2010s American time travel television series
English-language television shows
Television series set in the 19th century
Live action television shows based on films
Television series by Warner Bros. Television Studios
Television shows based on American novels
Television series about Jack the Ripper
Cultural depictions of H. G. Wells
Television series created by Kevin Williamson
The Battle of Nyborg was a battle fought between Sweden and the combined forces of Denmark, Dutch naval forces under Michiel de Ruyter, troops of Brandenburg-Prussia, and Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth forces under Stefan Czarniecki. The battle was engaged on 14 November 1659 at Nyborg on the Danish island of Funen. Nyborg was the final major battle of the Dano-Swedish War of 1658 to 1660.
Swedish Imperial Field Marshal Philip Florinus of Sulzbach, leading the vanquished Swedish forces, was forced to save his own life by fleeing under cover of night. The battle is considered one of the most important Danish victories of the war.
Background
After the disastrous Assault on Copenhagen, Charles X Gustav divided his army into bigger parts to move over to Funen, in order to rest and replenish. In Copenhagen it was decided that in September, the next decisive battle would take place on Funen under the command of the Dano-German commander and Field Marshal Hans Schack. Schack's force would move from Copenhagen and Schleswig to Funen, while another force under the command of Saxon Field Marshal Ernst Albrecht von Eberstein would move up through Jutland. In Eckernförde on 20 October, Schack and Eberstein agreed that they would land at Funen around 1 November. On Funen, Nyborg was the only important fortification for the Swedes. However it was not in a good condition, and the Swedes began working to improve its defenses.
Prelude
Schack attempted first on 28 October to initiate a direct landing at Nyborg. However it failed, due to bad weather. Instead he completed a landing at Kerteminde with his troops three days later. In the meantime, Eberstein was still moving his troops through Jutland, and on 4 November he moved over the Little Belt between Frederiksodde (now Fredericia) and Middelfart. During the crossing, small boats were used to get to Funen, and it took 5 days to land all of Eberstein's troops on the island. The Swedes had a chance to defeat the two allied forces before they could unite, but this opportunity was not used due to the hesitation of the commander of the Swedish forces Philip Florinus of Sulzbach, who had pulled back to Nyborg. This did not please Charles X Gustav who sent Gustav Otto Stenbock to relieve him of his command. But when he arrived at Nyborg, its defenses were not as great as the Swedes had anticipated. Stenbock sent a letter to the king, informing him that defending the city would be in vain.
Eberstein suggested that a war council would be held, but this was denied by Schack. There were disputes between the two commanders regarding the command of the allied forces. The two eventually decided to lead their own troops, and would switch the main command of the forces with each other in the coming days. The Swedes under the command of Sulzbach knew of the allied movement, and decided to engage the allied forces near the city.
Battle
Early in the morning of 14 november, Eberstein reached the Swedes 3-4 km northwest from Nyborg. Sulzbach had positioned his forces between the Hjulby Sø, a small lake on his left flank and a big forest on the right near the hamlet of Skaboshuse. Sulzbach would use the forest as cover, if retreating was necessary. For the allies, it was agreed that Eberstein would lead the northern left flank, while Schack would lead the southern right. The Swedes had a force of 5,000 experienced but battle-weary men against the allied combined force of 9,000. The allied force was divided into two, and consisted mostly of Danish troops, but also Prussian and Polish troops, led by famed Polish general and nobleman Stefan Czarniecki.
At 11 a.m the battle began. Schack saw the manoeuvre of Eberstein and went into a similar battle formation. Before Schack could advance, Eberstein launched three attacks against the Swedes, but they were repelled. Sulzbach ordered a cavalry counterattack against Eberstein's flank. Eberstein himself was almost captured but managed to escape. Schack saw the importance of preventing Eberstein's forces from breaking, and mounted an attack on the Swedish left flank and center.
Unbeknownst to the Swedes, allied Colonel Ditlev Ahlefeldt had intended to move through the Hjulby Sø with his cavalry, and attack the Swedish left flank from there. He reached the lake and began the crossing. Once it was done, he ordered the cavalry to charge. This caught the Swedes off guard, and caused them to retreat back to Nyborg. During the retreat, many of the fleeing Swedes were cut down by the allied cavalry.
On the 15 November the allies had reached Nyborg, where they began bombarding the city with artillery. After a Dutch naval landing by Michiel de Ruyter, the remaining 3,000 Swedish troops had no choice but to surrender. The battle had lasted for 5 hours.
Aftermath
The Swedish king Charles X Gustav, attended the battle from Korsør. After he admitted defeat, he returned to Sweden. It became the last major battle of the war. Whether this battle or the Assault on Copenhagen was a turning point for the Danes, is discussed between historians. After the battle, the Swedes had not enough men to be to be able to win another major battle.
See also
1659 in Denmark
References
Nyborg
Nyborg
Nyborg
1659 in Denmark
Nyborg
Nyborg
Nyborg
The 1980–81 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the second World Cup season in ski jumping. It began in Oberstdorf, West Germany on 30 December 1980 and finished in Planica, Yugoslavia on 22 March 1981. The individual World Cup was won by Armin Kogler and Nations Cup by Austria.
Map of world cup hosts
All 19 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Events in Zakopane and Cortina d'Ampezzo were completely canceled.
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
Bohemia Tournament
KOP International Ski Flying Week
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
In the mathematical fields of general topology and descriptive set theory, a meagre set (also called a meager set or a set of first category) is a set that, considered as a subset of a (usually larger) topological space, is in a precise sense small or negligible.
A topological space is called meagre if it is a meager subset of itself; otherwise, it is called nonmeagre.
The meagre subsets of a fixed space form a σ-ideal of subsets; that is, any subset of a meagre set is meagre, and the union of countably many meagre sets is meagre.
General topologists use the term Baire space to refer to a broad class of topological spaces on which the notion of meagre set is not trivial (in particular, the entire space is not meagre).
Descriptive set theorists mostly study meagre sets as subsets of the real numbers, or more generally any Polish space, and reserve the term Baire space for one particular Polish space.
The complement of a meagre set is a comeagre set or residual set.
A set that is not meagre is called nonmeagre and is said to be of the second category.
Note that the notions of a comeagre set and a nonmeagre set are equivalent.
Definitions
Throughout, will be a topological space.
A subset of is called a of or of the in if it is a countable union of nowhere dense subsets of (where a nowhere dense set is a set whose closure has empty interior).
A subset that is not meagre in is called a of or of the in
A topological space is called (respectively, ) if it is a meagre (respectively, nonmeagre) subset of itself.
It may be important to distinguish nonmeagre subspaces from nonmeagre subsets. If is a subset of then being a "meagre sub" of means that when is endowed with the subspace topology (induced on it by ) then is a meagre topological space (that is, is a meagre subset of ). In contrast, being a "meagre sub" of means that is equal to a countable union of nowhere dense subsets of The same warning applies to nonmeagre subs versus nonmeagre subs. More details on how to tell these notions apart (and why the slight difference in these terms is reasonable) are given in this footnote.
For example, if is the set of all positive integers then is a meager sub of but not a meager sub of If is not an isolated point of a T1 space (meaning that is not an open subset of ) then is a meager sub of but not a meager sub of
A subset is called a of and is said to be in if its complement is meagre in . (This use of the prefix "co" is consistent with its use in other terms such as "cofinite".)
A subset is comeagre in if and only if it is equal to an intersection of countably many sets, each of whose topological interior is a dense subset of
Importantly, being of the second category is the same as being comeagre — a set may be neither meagre nor comeagre (in this case it will be of second category).
The terms first category and second category were the original ones used by René Baire in his thesis. The meagre terminology was introduced by Bourbaki.
Properties
Every nowhere dense subset of is meagre. Consequently, any closed subset with empty interior is meagre. Thus a closed nonmeagre subset of must-have nonempty interior.
(1) Any subset of a meagre set is meagre; (2) any countable union of meagre sets is meagre. Thus the meagre subsets of a fixed space form a σ-ideal of subsets, a suitable notion of negligible set. And, equivalently to (1), any superset of a nonmeagre set is nonmeagre.
Dually, (1) any superset of a comeagre set is comeagre; (2) any countable intersection of comeagre sets is comeagre.
Suppose where has the subspace topology induced from The set may be meagre in without being meagre in However the following results hold:
If it is meagre in then is meagre in
If it is meagre in and is open in then is meagre in
If it is meagre in and is dense in then is meagre in
Any topological space that contains an isolated point is nonmeagre (because no set containing the isolated point can be nowhere dense). In particular, every nonempty discrete space is nonmeagre.
A topological space is nonmeagre if and only if every countable intersection of dense open sets in is nonempty.
Every nonempty Baire space is nonmeagre. In particular, by the Baire category theorem every complete (pseudo)metric space and every locally compact Hausdorff space is nonmeagre.
In any topological space the union of an arbitrary family of meagre open sets is a meagre set.
Meagre subsets and Lebesgue measure
A meagre set in need not have Lebesgue measure zero, and can even have full measure. For example, in the interval fat Cantor sets are closed nowhere dense and they can be constructed with a measure arbitrarily close to The union of a countable number of such sets with measure approaching gives a meagre subset of with measure
Dually, there can be nonmeagre sets with measure zero. The complement of any meagre set of measure in (for example the one in the previous paragraph) has measure and is comeagre in and hence nonmeagre in since is a Baire space.
Here is another example of a nonmeagre set in with measure :
where is a sequence that enumerates the rational numbers.
Relation to Borel hierarchy
Just as a nowhere dense subset need not be closed, but is always contained in a closed nowhere dense subset (viz, its closure), a meagre set need not be an set (countable union of closed sets), but is always contained in an set made from nowhere dense sets (by taking the closure of each set).
Dually, just as the complement of a nowhere dense set need not be open, but has a dense interior (contains a dense open set), a comeagre set need not be a set (countable intersection of open sets), but contains a dense set formed from dense open sets.
Examples
Meagre sub and sub
The empty set is always a closed nowhere dense (and thus meagre) subset of every topological space and it is also a meagre subspace.
A singleton subset is always a nonmeagre subspace of (that is, it is a nonmeagre topological space). If is an isolated point of (meaning that is an open subset) then is also a nonmeagre subset of ; the converse holds if is a T1 space.
The set is a meagre sub of even though is a nonmeagre sub (that is, is not a meagre topological space).
A countable Hausdorff space without isolated points is meagre, whereas any topological space that contains an isolated point is nonmeagre.
Because the rational numbers are countable, they are meagre as a subset of the reals and as a space—that is, they do not form a Baire space.
The Cantor set is meagre as a subset of the reals, but as a subset of itself, since it is a complete metric space and is thus a Baire space, by the Baire category theorem.
There is a subset of the real numbers such that for every nonempty open set , neither nor is meager in .
Function spaces
The set of functions that have a derivative at some point is a meagre set in the space of all continuous functions.
Banach–Mazur game
Meagre sets have a useful alternative characterization in terms of the Banach–Mazur game.
Let be a topological space, be a family of subsets of that have nonempty interiors such that every nonempty open set has a subset belonging to and be any subset of
Then there is a Banach–Mazur game
In the Banach–Mazur game, two players, and alternately choose successively smaller elements of to produce a sequence
Player wins if the intersection of this sequence contains a point in ; otherwise, player wins.
See also
, for analogs to residual
, for analogs to meagre
Notes
Bibliography
General topology
Descriptive set theory
Sideshow Wrestlers (, literally "The Janitor's Advice, or A Visit to the Fair") is a 1908 French short silent film by Georges Méliès. It was sold by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 1159–1165 in its catalogues, where it was advertised as a bouffonnerie extravagante (an "extravagant buffoonery").
Plot
On the encouragement of his friend, a lodging-house janitor, a man goes to try his luck sparring a professional wrestler at a fair sideshow. He watches some of them at work, including a exaggeratedly sturdy woman wrestler who completely flattens her opponent. Finally he is pitted against an extremely tall wrestler, and manages to come out victorious.
Production
The French title, Le Conseil du pipelet, refers to the lodging-house janitor in the first scene; such janitors had been called "pipelets" in France since the publication of Eugène Sue's The Mysteries of Paris (1842–43), where the name first appears. The film finds Méliès reusing a bit of physical comedy, with a man flattened out like a pancake by means of a careful substitution splice, that he had already used in Fat and Lean Wrestling Match (1900) and An Adventurous Automobile Trip (1905). In turn, he would reuse the janitor's uniform in The Diabolic Tenant (1909).
The film has been known to survive since at least the 1970s, when John Frazer's book Artificially Arranged Scenes described its action but misreported the French title as High-Life Taylor (the French title of a lost Méliès film, Up-to-Date Clothes Cleaning). The confusion around the films' bilingual titles was cleared up in a Centre national de la cinématographie publication a few years later.
References
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
French silent short films
Professional wrestling films
Sakdarin Mingsamorn (; born February 10, 1988) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Thai League 2 club Trat.
Honour
Nongbua Pitchaya
Thai League 2: 2020–21
External links
References
1988 births
Living people
Sakdarin Mingsamorn
Association football defenders
Samutsongkhram F.C. players
Sakdarin Mingsamorn
Sakdarin Mingsamorn
Sakdarin Mingsamorn
The 1971 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 23, 1971, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
Under the leadership of Allan Blakeney, the New Democratic Party of Saskatchewan returned to power after seven years in opposition. The NDP won a majority government, increasing its share of the popular vote by over 10 percentage points.
The Liberal government of Premier Ross Thatcher more or less held its share of the popular vote, but lost a significant number of seats in the legislature in part because of the continuing decline in the share of the vote won by the Progressive Conservative Party, now led by Ed Nasserden.
Ross Thatcher died on July 22, 1971, just shy of a month since losing the election.
Results
Note: * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
Saskatchewan
1971 in Saskatchewan
1971
June 1971 events in Canada
Three ships of the United States Navy have been named Bold.
, originally named Chief, was a minesweeper laid down on 27 August 1941 at South Bristol, Maine.
, was a tugboat transferred to the United Kingdom on 29 June 1942.
, was a minesweeper laid down 12 December 1951 and launched 14 March 1953.
United States Navy ship names
Puli Kiadeh (, also Romanized as Pūlī Kīādeh; also known as Polīkīādeh and Pūl Kīādeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 87 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Telolecithal (Greek: τέλος (telos) = end, λέκιθος (lekithos) = yolk), refers to the uneven distribution of yolk in the cytoplasm of ova found in birds, reptiles, fish, and monotremes. The yolk is concentrated at one pole of the egg separate from the developing embryo.
This type of egg undergoes discoidal meroblastic cleavage, where yolk is not incorporated in the cells during cell division.
See also
Centrolecithal
Isolecithal
References
Early Development in Fish
Early Development in Birds
Animal developmental biology
Camptogramma bilineata, the yellow shell, is a colourful moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae. It can be found in Europe and east across the Palearctic to the Altai Mountains.
Description
The wingspan is 20–25 mm. The color of the forewings and hindwings is yellow to ochre brown (occasionally light). The forewings and hindwings are covered with brown or white serrated crossbars. There are usually three or four distinct white crossbars, which may be bordered by a black line. The wing margin is black and wavy. The yellowish eggs are round, only slightly flattened at the pole. The surface shows a large mesh. There are warts on the intersections. The caterpillars are greenish to slightly brownish with obvious segment incisions. The dorsal line is darker than the body color. The lateral line, on the other hand, is often brighter. The head is usually light brown and relatively small. The pupa is reddish brown with a short cremaster, consisting of two small bristles. The thoracic area and the wings have a brownish-greenish hue.
Biology
The species shows no preferences for special biotopes. It flies both in forest and open lands, as well as in wet and dry places. On herbaceous forest edges, however, there is a higher density of moths. In the Alps it is found up to 1,600 metres above sea level. It is common, but in very different numbers from year to year.
The moths fly from June to August..
The larvae feed on various low-growing plants such as chickweed, sorrel and other species from the family Polygonaceae.
Gallery
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
References
External links
Yellow shell at UKMoths
Lepiforum e.V.
De Vlinderstichting
Euphyia
Moths described in 1758
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Gilgit Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia at the head of Waitabit Creek and NE of Golden. It was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie for Gilgit, Pakistan. Collie had accompanied Albert F. Mummery in an expedition to Nanga Parbat in 1895 where Mummery and two Gurkhas were killed in an avalanche on the mountain. Gilgit was the last civilization seen by the expedition.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
The presence of water on the terrestrial planets of the Solar System (Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, and the closely related Earth's Moon) varies with each planetary body, with the exact origins remaining unclear. Additionally, the terrestrial dwarf planet Ceres is known to have water ice on its surface.
Water inventories
Mars
A significant amount of surface hydrogen has been observed globally by the Mars Odyssey GRS. Stoichiometrically estimated water mass fractions indicate that—when free of carbon dioxide—the near surface at the poles consists almost entirely of water covered by a thin veneer of fine material. This is reinforced by MARSIS observations, with an estimated of water at the southern polar region with Water Equivalent to a Global layer (WEG) deep. Additional observations at both poles suggest the total WEG to be , while the Mars Odyssey NS observations places the lower bound at ~ depth. Geomorphic evidence favors significantly larger quantities of surface water over geologic history, with WEG as deep as . The current atmospheric reservoir of water, though important as a conduit, is insignificant in volume with the WEG no more than . Since the typical surface pressure of the current atmosphere (~) is less than the triple point of H2O, liquid water is unstable on the surface unless present in sufficiently large volumes. Furthermore, the average global temperature is ~, even below the eutectic freezing point of most brines. For comparison, the highest diurnal surface temperatures at the two MER sites have been ~.
Mercury
Due to its proximity to the Sun and lack of visible water on its surface, the planet Mercury had been thought of as a non-volatile planet. Data retrieved from the Mariner 10 mission found evidence of H, He, and O in Mercury's exosphere. Volatiles have also been found near the polar regions. MESSENGER, however, sent back data from multiple on-board instruments that led scientists to the conclusion that Mercury was volatile rich. Mercury is rich in K, which has been suggested as a proxy for volatile depletion on the planetary body. This leads to assumption that Mercury could have accreted water on its surface, relative to that of Earth if its proximity had not been so near that of the Sun.
Earth
Earth's hydrosphere contains ~1.46×1021 kg (3.22×1021 lb) of H2O and sedimentary rocks contain ~0.21×1021 kg (4.6×1020 lb), for a total crustal inventory of ~1.67×1021 kg (3.68×1021 lb) of H2O. The mantle inventory is poorly constrained in the range of 0.5×1021–4×1021 kg (1.1×1021–8.8×1021 lb). Therefore, the bulk inventory of H2O on Earth can be conservatively estimated as 0.04% of Earth's mass (~2.3×1021 kg (5.1×1021 lb)).
Earth's Moon
Recent observation made by a number of spacecraft confirmed significant amounts of Lunar water. The Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometer (SIMS) measured H2O as well as other possible volatiles in Lunar volcanic glass bubbles. In these volcanic glasses, 4-46 ppm wt of H2O was found and then modeled to have been 260-745 ppm wt prior to the lunar volcanic eruptions. SIMS also found Lunar water in the Apollo astronauts rock samples returned to Earth. These rock samples were tested in three different ways and all came to the same conclusion that the Moon contains lunar water.
There are three main data sets for water abundance on the Lunar surface: Highland samples, KREEP samples, and Pyroclastic Glass Samples. Highlands samples were estimated for the Lunar magma ocean at 1320-5000 ppm wt of H2O in the beginning. The urKREEP sample estimates a 130-240 ppm wt of H2O, which is similar to the findings in the current Highland samples (before modeling). Pyroclastic Glass sample beads were used to estimate the water content in the mantle source and the bulk silicate Moon. The mantle source was estimated at 110 ppm wt of H2O and the bulk silicate Moon contained 100-300 ppm wt of H2O.
Venus
The current Venusian atmosphere has only ~200 mg/kg H2O(g) in its atmosphere and the pressure and temperature regime makes water unstable on its surface. Nevertheless, assuming that early Venus's H2O had a ratio between deuterium (heavy hydrogen, 2H) and hydrogen (1H) similar to Earth's Vienna Standard Mean Ocean Water (VSMOW) of 1.6×10−4, the current D/H ratio in the Venusian atmosphere of 1.9×10−2, at nearly ×120 of Earth's, may indicate that Venus had a much larger H2O inventory. While the large disparity between terrestrial and Venusian D/H ratios makes any estimation of Venus's geologically ancient water budget difficult, its mass may have been at least 0.3% of Earth's hydrosphere. Estimates based on Venus's levels of deuterium suggest that the planet has lost anywhere from of surface water up to "an Earth's ocean's worth".
Accretion of water by Earth and Mars
The D/H isotopic ratio is a primary constraint on the source of H2O of terrestrial planets. Comparison of the planetary D/H ratios with those of carbonaceous chondrites and comets enables a tentative determination of the source of H2O. The best constraints for accreted H2O are determined from non-atmospheric H2O, as the D/H ratio of the atmospheric component may be subject to rapid alteration by the preferential loss of H unless it is in isotopic equilibrium with surface H2O. Earth's VSMOW D/H ratio of 1.6×10−4 and modeling of impacts suggest that the cometary contribution to crustal water was less than 10%. However, much of the water could be derived from Mercury-sized planetary embryos that formed in the asteroid belt beyond 2.5 AU. Mars's original D/H ratio as estimated by deconvolving the atmospheric and magmatic D/H components in Martian meteorites (e.g., QUE 94201), is ×(1.9+/-0.25) the VSMOW value. The higher D/H and impact modeling (significantly different from Earth due to Mars's smaller mass) favor a model where Mars accreted a total of 6% to 27% the mass of the current Earth hydrosphere, corresponding respectively to an original D/H between ×1.6 and ×1.2 the SMOW value. The former enhancement is consistent with roughly equal asteroidal and cometary contributions, while the latter would indicate mostly asteroidal contributions. The corresponding WEG would be , consistent with a 50% outgassing efficiency to yield ~ WEG of surface water. Comparing the current atmospheric D/H ratio of ×5.5 SMOW ratio with the primordial ×1.6 SMOW ratio suggests that ~ of has been lost to space via solar wind stripping.
The cometary and asteroidal delivery of water to accreting Earth and Mars has significant caveats, even though it is favored by D/H isotopic ratios. Key issues include:
The higher D/H ratios in Martian meteorites could be a consequence of biased sampling since Mars may have never had an effective crustal recycling process
Earth's Primitive upper mantle estimate of the 187Os/188Os isotopic ratio exceeds 0.129, significantly greater than that of carbonaceous chondrites, but similar to anhydrous ordinary chondrites. This makes it unlikely that planetary embryos compositionally similar to carbonaceous chondrites supplied water to Earth
Earth's atmospheric content of Ne is significantly higher than would be expected had all the rare gases and H2O been accreted from planetary embryos with carbonaceous chondritic compositions.
An alternative to the cometary and asteroidal delivery of H2O would be the accretion via physisorption during the formation of the terrestrial planets in the solar nebula. This would be consistent with the thermodynamic estimate of around two Earth masses of water vapor within 3AU of the solar accretionary disk, which would exceed by a factor of 40 the mass of water needed to accrete the equivalent of 50 Earth hydrospheres (the most extreme estimate of Earth's bulk H2O content) per terrestrial planet. Even though much of the nebular H2O(g) may be lost due to the high temperature environment of the accretionary disk, it is possible for physisorption of H2O on accreting grains to retain nearly three Earth hydrospheres of H2O at temperatures. This adsorption model would effectively avoid the 187Os/188Os isotopic ratio disparity issue of distally-sourced H2O. However, the current best estimate of the nebular D/H ratio spectroscopically estimated with Jovian and Saturnian atmospheric CH4 is only 2.1×10−5, a factor of 8 lower than Earth's VSMOW ratio. It is unclear how such a difference could exist, if physisorption were indeed the dominant form of H2O accretion for Earth in particular and the terrestrial planets in general.
See also
Extraterrestrial liquid water#Liquid water in the Solar System
Ocean world
References
Planetary science
Mołczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 120.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The Sandwich Fault Zone is a fault zone that runs northwest from Oswego to Ogle County, transecting Lee County in Northern Illinois. The fault has generally not been active, although there was a minor earthquake in 2002, and another, slightly larger one, in 2010. It has a largely 400 to 600-foot vertical displacement, although parts can reach up to an 800-foot displacement, and is likely a configuration of several smaller faults, varying in both direction and displacement.
See also
List of earthquakes in Illinois
Notes
References
Earthquakes in Illinois
Geography of DeKalb County, Illinois
Geography of Kendall County, Illinois
Geography of LaSalle County, Illinois
Geography of Lee County, Illinois
Geography of Ogle County, Illinois
Sandwich, Illinois
Edward Alderson may refer to:
Sir Edward Alderson (judge) (1787–1857), Baron of the Exchequer
Sir Edward Alderson (parliamentary clerk) (1864–1951), Clerk of the Parliaments and grandson of the above
Aghuzbon (, also Romanized as Āghūzbon; also known as Āghūzband) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 683, in 184 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The 12843 / 12844 Puri–Ahmedabad Express is a Superfast Express train of Indian Railways – East Coast Railways zone that runs between and in India.
It operates as train number 12843 from Puri to Ahmedabad Junction and as train number 12844 in the reverse direction, serving the states of Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra & Gujarat.
Coaches
The 12843/44 Puri–Ahmedabad Express presently has 1 AC 2 tier, 3 AC 3 tier, 9 Sleeper class, 7 Second Class seating & 2 SLR (Seating cum Luggage Rake) coaches.
As with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
Service
The 12843/44 Puri–Ahmedabad Express covers the distance of 2130 kilometres in 37 hours 55 mins as 12843 Puri–Ahmedabad Express (56.18 km/hr) & in 38 hrs 55 mins as 12844 Ahmedabad–Puri Express (54.73 km/hr).
As the average speed of the train is above 55 km/hr, as per Indian Railways rules, its fare includes a Superfast surcharge.
Routeing
The 12843/44 Puri–Ahmedabad Express runs via , , , , ,, , , , , to Ahmedabad Junction.
It reverses direction twice: at and .
Traction
This route is fully electrified and it is hauled by a Vadodara-based WAP-7 locomotive on its entire journey.
Timings
12843 Puri–Ahmedabad Express leaves Puri every Tuesday, Thursday, Friday & Saturday at 17:30 hrs IST and reaches Ahmedabad Junction at 07:25 hrs IST on the 3rd day.
12844 Ahmedabad–Puri Express leaves Ahmedabad Junction every Monday, Thursday, Saturday & Sunday at 18:40 hrs IST and reaches Puri at 08:55 hrs IST on the 3rd day.
References
External links
Transport in Ahmedabad
Transport in Puri
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Odisha
Rail transport in Telangana
Rail transport in Chhattisgarh
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Gujarat
The Marinduque Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Marinduque.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having four seats. A voter votes up to four names, with the top four candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Marinduque. Unlike congressional representation which is at-large, Marinduque is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan, with the western half of the province (Mogpog, Boac and Gasan) constituting the body's first district, and the eastern half (Santa Cruz, Torrijos and Buenavista) forming the second district.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Adeline Marciano-Angeles (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Marinduque
Provincial boards in the Philippines
St. Clairsville Public Library is located in at 108 W Main St. Clairsville, Belmont County, Ohio 43950.
Programs
The Library offers a variety of free programs for patrons including a summer reading program, children's story time, teen advisory board, teen game day, family movie nights, book discussions, and basic computer classes.
History
The St. Clairsville Public Library was organized in 1938 through the efforts of many citizens and the St. Clairsville Rotary Club.
The Library had various addresses until 1955, when the Second National Bank Building was purchased and renovated as a permanent home. Dr. Bertha Hunt Schaffer made a bequest in honor of her parents, Dr. and Mrs. William Hunt, for the purchase of a building to house the Library, and on January 8, 1955, the Library dedicated the "Hunt Memorial Library Building".
Since that time there have been two additions to the building. Wilbert Allen generously contributed to combine with The Hunt Fund to make an addition in 1963; and in 1985, LSCA funds were secured to add to community donations, funds from the Wilbert Allen estate, and the Hunt Fund for another addition.
The Library is housed on two levels, with a multi-purpose room and offices in a third lower level. It is located on Main Street, across from the Belmont County Courthouse,.
2011 Statistics
Holdings
Library Usage
Loan Periods & Late Fees / Fines for Materials
*If a hold has been placed on an item it cannot be renewed.
References
St Clairsville Public Library
St Clairsville
Belmont County Ohio
Ohio Historical society
Public libraries in Ohio
Holy Rood Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Watford, Hertfordshire. It was built from 1889 to 1890. It is situated on the western corner of Market Street and Exchange Road. It was designed by John Francis Bentley, who also designed Westminster Cathedral. It is a Grade I listed building. The church features in England's Thousand Best Churches by Simon Jenkins who described it as "a true town church".
History
Foundation
From 1863, a Fr George Bampfield came to Watford to say Catholic Mass in rented accommodation in Carey Place. That year, he bought some land and had a hut built there, which became a chapel.
In 1882, with the number of Catholics in the town increasing, a new, larger, site was needed. Fr Bampfield bought a place on Water Lane and had another chapel built there. The chapel was opened in 1883, and was used until the opening of Holy Rood Church.
Construction
On 29 August 1889, the foundation stone for Holy Rood Church was laid. Construction was largely paid for by the owner of the building firm Holland & Sons, Stephen Taprell Holland. He hired John Francis Bentley to design the church. 16 September 1890, the church was opened. The sanctuary, nave, transepts and south aisle were completed. More features would be added to the church. Work was done to build the tower, Holy Ghost chapel, north aisle and baptistry. On 7 May 1894, the foundation stone for the tower was laid by Cardinal Herbert Vaughan. On 5 July 1900, the completed church was consecrated by Bishop Robert Brindle.
In 1966, repairs were made to the church. Some of the stone needed replacing and the interior needed cleaning. In 1990, further refurbishment occurred. The flint, stonework and roof were repaired and the painting inside the church was cleaned.
Parish
The church has six Sunday Masses: 6:00pm on Saturday evening, and 8:00am, 9:30am, 11:00am, and 5pm on Sunday, as well as a Polish Mass at 2:15pm.
See also
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster
References
External links
Holy Rood Parish site
Grade I listed churches in Hertfordshire
Roman Catholic churches in Hertfordshire
Holy Rood
Grade I listed Roman Catholic churches in England
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1900
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Hertfordshire
Churches in Hertfordshire
Holy Rood
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
Churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Westminster
Kosmów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 351.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Politówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Leśniowice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
is a railway station in Minami-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Tenjingawa Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company in Hiroshima city
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2004
Nosratabad (, also romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 151, in 34 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = September
|day = 30
|year = 2022
|time = 01:11
|timestamp = 20220930011141
|content=
REDIRECT Olympic Channel (American TV channel)
}}
1971 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 65th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1971 in water polo
1971 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The 341st Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment (; Military Unit Number 25885) was a surface-to-air missile regiment of the Soviet Air Defense Forces during the Cold War which briefly became part of the Russian Air Defense Forces.
Active from 1963, the regiment provided air defense for the Leningrad area with S-200V missiles. It was disbanded in 1993 as a result of the introduction of the more modern S-300PS in the Leningrad air defense system.
History
The regiment received its number, the 341st, in November 1963; it was a unit originally planned to be armed with the cancelled 5V11 Dal missile. The 341st was part of the 6th Independent Air Defense Army, and was based at Lopukhinka-2 near Gostilitsy. The regiment became operational in 1967 with five S-200 battalions. It was reequipped with the S-200V in the early 1970s. In 1974, its battalions were split into two groups of three and two battalions, respectively. In 1986, the 86th became part of the 54th Air Defense Corps. After the more modern S-300PS was introduced into the Leningrad air defense system, the S-200V units were gradually phased out. The 341st was disbanded in 1993.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Surface-to-air missile regiments of the Soviet Air Defence Forces
Regiments of the Russian Federation
Military units and formations established in 1963
Military units and formations disestablished in 1993
Dynoides viridis is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
viridis
Trishna (Sanskrit: तृष्णा) means – 'thirst' (Caitanya Caritamrta Adi 4.149), 'aspiration' (Caitanya Caritamrta Antya 14.44), 'longing', 'craving' or 'lusty desires' (Srimad Bhagavatam 9.19.18), or as तृष्णज् meaning covetous, greedy or thirsting. Trishna is the Eighth Nidana, spiritual love.
Meaning
The Sanskrit root of the word Tṛishṇā (तृष्णा) is Tṛish (तृष्) meaning to be thirsty, to thirst, to thirst for (metaphorically), strong desire or long for. In the Vedas the accent is on the first syllable as in - Tṛishyā (to be thirsty), Tṛishṇākshaya (cessation of desire, tranquillity of mind, resignation, patience, content), Tṛishnāghna (quenching the thirst), Tṛishṇāmaya (ill with thirst), Tṛishṇāmāra (dying of thirst), Tṛishṇāri (enemy of thirst), Tṛishālu (thirsting much, very thirsty), Tṛishyat (thirsting) or Tṛishya (thirst).
Trishna in Pali (tanha) means thirst for life.
Vedic relevance
The word Trishna appears in the Rig Veda in a few mantras where it refers to greed, craving, hankering or longing, and the like. In mantra Rig Veda (I.XXXVII.6), Rishi Ghora Kanva states:
मो षु णः परा परा निर्ऋतिर्दुर्हणा बधीत् |
पदीष्ट तृष्णया सह ||
He speaks about the (unfavourable ) wind (निर्ऋतिः) which flows on greedily (तृष्णया). And, in mantra Rig Veda (I.LXXXV.11), Rishi Rahugano Gotama stating -
जिह्मं नुनुद्रेऽवतं तया दिशासिञ्चन्नुत्सं गोतमाय तृष्णजे |
आ गच्छन्तीमवसा चित्रभानवः कामं विप्रस्य तर्पयन्त धामभिः ||
speaks about the wise ones craving (तृष्णजे) for opportunities to sate the thirst of those hankering (तर्पयन्त ) for knowledge.
Buddhist relevance
Gautama Buddha said that the cause of sorrow – the second of the Four Noble Truths – is desire; and the cause of desire is tanha or trishna.
Buddhism teaches the doctrine of inaction, i.e. cessation of activity, desiring or doing little. The extinction of craving of the desire for existence in all its forms and the consequent cessation of suffering is Nirvana (Nirvana is grasping nothingness and possessing nothing which state is reached through the knowledge of impermanence and voidness). Vivekananda holds that the Buddhist doctrine of giving up trishna ('greed') is an offshoot of Advaita Vedanta.
Puranic relevance
According to the Puranas, Trishna is the daughter of Kamadeva or Kama, the god of love and husband of Rati; Aniruddha is her brother. Vishnu Purana tells us that Anrita ('falsehood') married his own sister, Nikritti ('immorality') and had two sons, Bhaya ('fear') and Naraka ('hell'), and two daughters, Maya ('illusion' or 'deceit') and Vedana ('torture') who again married each other. The son of Bhaya and Maya is Mrityu ('death'), and Dukha ('sorrow' or 'pain') is the son of Naraka and Vedana. From Mrityu descended Vyadhi ('disease'), Jara ('decay'), Shoka ('sorrow' or 'grief'), Trishna ('desire' or 'greed') and Krodha ('anger'). Trishna ('Greediness') is the wife or mistress of Lobha ('Greed').
Vedantic relevance
Shankara explains that the intellect (buddhi) of those who perceive the Being as affected with difference of space etc., cannot be brought immediately to an intuition of the highest reality; Brahman is to be realized as attributeless. He states that even if the knowers of Brahman of themselves abstain from objects of sensual enjoyment yet the thirst (trishna) caused by being addicted to sensuality in different births cannot at once be converted. Renunciation is brahmacāryam or stri-vishaya-tyāga. Trishna, that causes dukkha, the philosophical translation of which is unsatisfactoriness rather than pain, is immoderate desire as such; Trishna is the will-to-live.
Upanishadic relevance
In the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad (IV.iv.6) in the passage –
इति नु कामयमानः; अथाकाम्यमानः – योऽकामो निष्काम आप्तकाम आत्तकामो न तस्य प्राणा उत्क्रामन्ति, ब्रह्मेव सन्ब्रह्माप्येति ||
the word Kāma (काम) refers to desires – the man who desires migrates, but the man who is without desires never migrates; of him who is without desires, who is free from desires, the objects of whose desire have been attained, and to whom all objects of desire are but the Self – the organs do not depart, being Brahman, he is merged in Brahman. It is held that the main fundamental Buddhist thought, Nirvana i.e. the removal of suffering by removal of trishna, is an echo of the afore-cited Upanishadic doctrine of union with Brahman by the removal of Kāma.
The truth is - that deeds come from upādāna (clinging to existence), upādāna comes from trishna (craving), trishna comes from vedana (torture), the perception of pain and pleasure, the desire for rest; sensation (contact with objects) brings desire for life or the will to live.
In the Bhagavad Gita (Sloka XIV.7), Krishna tells Arjuna:
रजो रागात्मकं विद्धि तृष्णाऽऽसङ्गस्मुदभवम् |
तन्निबध्नाति कौन्तेय कर्मसङ्गेन देहिनम् ||
"Know that Rajas is essentially attachment; it is the source of craving and passion."
"O Son of Kunti! It binds the embodied Spirit with attachment to works."
Here, the word Rāga refers to attachment, and Trishna, refers to the craving for what is unattained.
Implication
From the Chandogya Upanishad (VIII.viii.5, VIII.ix.1,VIII.xii.1-3) we learn that the term Asura (आसुर) signifies the natural and impulsive ('demonical') actions of the senses which are promoted by the desire for an object of pleasure called Asu (असु), and that the term Deva (देव), which is derived from the verb Div (दिव) signifying 'illumination', stands for the functions of the senses illuminated by reason. Prajapati tells Indra that the body which is mortal because it is covered by death is the seat of the self which is immortal and bodiless; anything embodied is within the range of the desirable and the non-desirable which two aspects cannot affect one who has become unembodied. The tranquil one having become established in his own nature after rising up from his body reaches the supreme Light and becomes Brahman. Vishnugupta (Chanakya) in his Chanakya Niti tells us that "anger is personification of Yama, ('the demi-god of death'), thirst is like hellish river Vaitarani, knowledge is like Kamadhenu ('the cow of plenty'), and contentment is like Nandanavana ('the garden of Indra')".
References
Vedas
Upanishads
Vedanta
Hindu philosophical concepts
Buddhist philosophical concepts
Sanskrit words and phrases
Claude Baudard de Saint-James (May 7, 1738 in Angers – July 5, 1787 in Paris), baron of Sainte-Gemmes, lord of Murs, Mont-Saint-Père, Crézancy, Gland and Chartèves, was a French financier of the 18th century.
Biography
He was the son of Marguerite Baudry de La Gaucherie and Georges Nicolas Baudard de Vaudésir (cousin of Louis Baudard de Fontaine), collector of prizes at the Angers election who became general treasurer of the Colonies, he succeeded him in 1758 in the functions of general treasurer of the Navy and the Colonies and developed his father's business. He was associated with all the major industrial and financial companies of his time: the Compagnie du Nord, the Compagnie du Creusot, the Compagnie des eaux de Paris, the copper mines of Baïgorry and Decize; he held the contract to supply the navy of 150,000 to 300,000 cubic feet of lumber, associated with the Saint-Malo trader Marion-Brillantais.
Notes
References
1738 births
1787 deaths
French bankers
People from Angers
Barons of France
Lords of France
"Button Off My Shirt" is a song written by Billy Livsey and Graham Lyle, and recorded by American country music singer Ronnie Milsap. It released in July 1988 as the fifth single from the album Heart & Soul. It peaked at number four on the Hot Country Songs charts.
Content
The song talks of an ended relationship, where the narrator compares his former lover to a missing button from his shirt – "just an everyday distraction" which "some day he will replace".
Cover versions
Another version was released in 1988 by British singer Paul Carrack, from the album One Good Reason. This version peaked at number 91 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Charts
Ronnie Milsap
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Paul Carrack
References
1988 singles
1987 songs
Paul Carrack songs
Ronnie Milsap songs
Songs written by Graham Lyle
Songs written by Billy Livsey
RCA Records singles
Zadebra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Banahao may refer to:
, a United States Lighthouse Service tender
Mount Banahaw, a mountain in the Philippines
Manuel "Manu" Morlanes Ariño (born 12 January 1999) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Villarreal CF.
Club career
Born in Zaragoza, Morlanes represented local Real Zaragoza as a youth before switching to Villarreal CF's academy in the summer of 2012. He made his debut with the C-team in the 2015–16 Tercera División campaign.
On 3 September 2016, Morlanes made his debut for the B-team in a 3–2 defeat against FC Barcelona B. He suffered a knee injury during a match against CD Castellón in December, returning to play in September 2017 in a 0–0 draw against UE Llagostera.
Morlanes made his first-team debut on 8 December 2017, starting in a 1–0 defeat against Maccabi Tel Aviv in UEFA Europa League. The following 13 June, he renewed his contract until 2023.
Morlanes made his La Liga debut on 18 August 2018, starting in a 2–1 home loss against Real Sociedad. Ahead of the 2019–20 campaign, he was definitely promoted to the main squad.
On 7 September 2020, Morlanes was loaned to Segunda División side UD Almería for one year, with a buyout clause. After being a regular starter, Almería exercised the buyout clause on his contract, but Villarreal also activated the buy-back clause to retain the player.
On 16 August 2021, Morlanes signed a new contract with the Yellow Submarine until 2026, and joined fellow top tier side RCD Espanyol on loan for the 2021–22 season.
Career statistics
Honours
Spain U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship runner-up: 2016
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Zaragoza
Association football midfielders
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Villarreal CF C players
Villarreal CF B players
Villarreal CF players
UD Almería players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Sahryń-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Breed 77 (pronounced "Breed Seven-Seven") is an Gibraltarian rock band. The band was formed in 1996 and perform a combination of alternative metal, rock, and flamenco.
Origin
Breed 77 comes from the British overseas territory of Gibraltar. Old Gibraltarian school friends Paul Isola, Danny Felice, and Stuart Cavilla met up in London and became informally known as the Gibraltarian Mafia. When, in late April 1996, this circle of friends formed a band, they wanted a name to reflect their joint origins and called themselves simply Breed. The band were forced to change their name because it was previously registered by Steve Hewitt (formerly of Placebo) on his vanity record label. Stuart Cavilla, the band's bass player, had previously worked as a motorcycle courier under the call sign of Kilo 77 or K77, and the band became Breed 77.
Awards
In 1998, Kerrang! readers voted Breed 77 the 'Best Unsigned Band'. In 1999, they won both the Metal Hammer and Kerrang! awards for the best new band. Then in 2001 they signed a five-album deal with Albert Productions, the renowned Australian publisher of AC/DC.
Music releases
In November 2009, the band self-released their fifth studio album, Insects. This was followed by a re-release of the album in 2010 by German label EarMusic, and the release of a Spanish language version of the album in mainland Europe.
In March 2013, the band released its sixth studio album "The Evil Inside". through Frostbyte Records, following a successful PledgeMusic campaign and the release of 2012 acoustic EP Under The Skin. The first music video from the album, titled "Bring On the Rain", was released on the band's website on 6 March 2013.
The band headlined a UK tour in September 2010, joined by the Defiled and Transgression. The tour was called 'Infesting Britain'.
On 28 August 2013, lead vocalist Paul Isola announced his departure from the band due to personal circumstances, detailing that he would not be participating in the band's upcoming summer tour. He revealed that his replacement would be Rui Lopez, who would be completing the lineup for the four dates and joining the band thereafter.
Following this, it was announced in early 2014 that Paul Isola was to rejoin the band for a newly announced 10th Anniversary tour for the album Cultura.
After the success of the first anniversary tour in March 2014, a second leg was announced taking in further venues across the UK, culminating in the band's final tour performance at The Exchange in Bristol in December 2014.
In 2015 it was announced that the band would headline Breaking Bands Festival in Bromsgrove that summer.
Prior to the show there had been no public announcement that this was to signify the break-up or indefinite hiatus of the band, and cryptic statements by the band on stage left many fans confused as to their future.
Over the following years, the activity of the band as a whole was largely unknown.
Vocalist Paul Isola returned to his homeland of Gibraltar, forming a multi-media production company.
Guitarist Danny Felice and bassist Stuart Cavilla relaunched their project The Heretic Order, recording a number of EPs and albums and touring across Europe.
Guitarist Pedro Caparros López began working on a new project titled L'Anima and performed a number of tour dates across the UK as well as recording and releasing new material.
Drummer Andre Joyzi carried on working in a number of positions in the music industry, firstly continuing to run a number of music venues in London, and then going on to work as a drum tech and tour manager for a number of artists across the world including Dragonforce and Cradle Of Filth.
In 2017, after much radio silence and comments on the bands social media pages that the band was ‘done', they were announced to headline the Gibraltar National Day Festival that September.
The one-off concert - which saw the return of original bassist Stuart Cavilla and former drummer Óscar Preciado Zamora - drew a massive crowd, filling Casemates Square and was broadcast live on Gibraltar TV and streamed online across the world.
A number of years silence from the band followed, with members continuing to work on their separate projects; occasionally sharing updates about their respective projects on Breed 77's social media channels.
After the Coronavirus pandemic in early 2020, vocalist Paul Isola returned to the public eye for the first time in almost 3 years, performing a livestream of a number of songs as part of the Gibraltar Live At Home sessions.
In the months that followed, guitarist Danny Felice also featured in the program, fuelling speculation that the band would shortly be reuniting.
In early 2021 increased activity was noticed on the band's Facebook page, with cryptic videos appearing and the launch of an Instagram account for the band.
After a 48 hour countdown, on 10 February 2021 the band released a new music video and recording - recorded remotely by the band members - of an acoustic version of the bands 2004 track A Matter Of Time.
A statement from the band accompanied the release of the video, signifying that Breed 77 had decided to ‘awaken from their slumber' and that new music and a number of multi-media releases were on the horizon.
Whilst the statement said that the band may not be able to perform live together with an audience at the current time, it is implied that plans are on the cards for a tour in future.
As of February 2021, the full lineup of the reunited band has not been confirmed publicly, however it is thought based on the music video released that the band will consist of vocalist Paul Isola and guitarists Danny Felice and Pedro Caparros López with any other members currently unknown.
Members
Current lineup
Paul Isola (Gibraltar) lead vocals, (1996–2013, 2014–2015, 2017, 2021-)
Danny Felice (Gibraltar) – guitars, backing vocals (1996–2015, 2017, 2021-)
Pedro Caparros López (Barcelona, Spain) – guitars, backing vocals (2002–2015, 2017, 2021-)
Former members
Lawrence Bautista – drums (1996–1997)
Nick Beesley – drums (1997–1998)
Charlie Gomez – bass (1999–2000)
Dan Wilkinson – bass (2000)
Peter Chichone – drums and other percussion (1998–2006)
Adam Lewis – drums and other percussion (2006–2007)
Óscar Preciado Zamora – drums and other percussion (2007–2010, 2017 (one-off))
Rui Lopez (Lisbon, Portugal) – lead vocals (2013–2014)
Ben Edis (Nottingham, England) – bass (2014–2015)
Andre Joyzi (Lisbon, Portugal) – drums and percussion (2010–2015)
Stuart Cavilla – bass (1996–1999, 2001–2014, 2017)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
EPs
The Message (1998)
Vol. 1 (1999)
La Ultima Hora (2003)
Shadows (2005)
Under the Skin (2012)
Music videos
"Karma" (2001)
"La Última Hora" (2003)
"The River" (2004)
"World's on Fire" (2005)
"Shadows" (2005)
"Blind" (2006)
"El Mundo en Llamas" (2008)
"El Rio" (2008)
"Wake Up" (2009)
"Zombie" (2010)
"Bring On the Rain" (2013)
"Fear" (2013)
"A Matter Of Time (Acoustic)" (2021)
References
External links
Breed 77 official website (archived)
Facebook page
British alternative metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1996
Musical groups disestablished in 2018
Gibraltarian musical groups
Bago Township or Pegu Township is a township in Bago District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Bago. Bago Township is an urban township with Bago city taking up 96.53 square miles (250 km2) of the township. Bago Township has 40 wards that create 3 cities (Bago, Payagyi and Ingadaw) and 211 villages grouped into 66 village tracts.
Bago is the capital of Bago Region and has been the capital of various Mon and Burmese kingdoms and empires throughout its history. It remains important to the cultural heritage of the Mon people, even though they are now a small minority of the Township's many residents.
Geography
Bago Township lies on the eastern foothills of the Bago Yoma mountains and is naturally heavily forested. The north part of the township has higher hills and thicker forests. These forests have many species of trees including Teak, Lebbek trees and Champak trees. The areas outside Bago city are mostly forest preserves, primarily in the north. Various herbs of medicinal value may also be found in these forests. Endangered animals like Elephants, Hill Turtles and Leopards as well as other animals like wild hogs, goats, cats and dogs are found within these preserves.
The Bago River runs through the middle of the township from northwest to southwest bending around the Bago Yoma towards the Yangon River. The Township is bounded on its west by the Lagunpyin Stream which, like other streams in the township, flow into the Bago River. There are 2 major dams within the township on the Bago and Sittaung Rivers, mostly for flood protection and freshwater supply.
Demographics
2014
The 2014 Myanmar Census reported that Bago Township had a population of 491,434. The population density was 169.2 people per km2. The census reported that the median age was 26.6 years, and 92 males per 100 females. There were 107,132 households; the mean household size was 4.4.
2019
As of 2019, 88.73% of the Township is Bamar with a significant Karen, Mon, Palaung and Burmese Indian population. 49.8% of the population lives outside of urban land. Although the township has 3 cities, Payagyi and Ingadaw are much smaller towns with 19,551 and 29,698 residents respectively. Buddhists make up 93.58% of the Township with Christianity being the second most populous at 4.1%.
Economy
Bago Township has a diverse economy with many service sector jobs and a significant agricultural sector. The major roads and waterways passing through Bago make trade, transport and communication abundant in the township. The primary export of the town is milled and unmilled rice, mostly to Yangon Region.
Rice is primarily harvested during the Monsoon Season with a significant off-season harvest during the summer. During the cool season, peanuts and mung beans are grown in the township. Corn and bird feed (primarily for chickens) are also important year-round crops. The township also has a sizeable amount of vegetable farming for subsistence and, to a lesser extent, for sale.
Bago city has an industrial zone with several factories, mostly in textiles and shoe-making. Smaller factories and worshops within the city also create food products, plastics, electric meters, motors, wood products, tea and halwa. Some forest preserver areas are used for logging, mostly for teak and pyinkado. 55% of the Forestry in the Township is run by state-owned enterprises.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Bago District
Keru () is a city in Eritrea.
Populated places in Eritrea
Pick a Card, also known as Afula Express, is a 1997 Israeli romantic comedy drama film directed by Julie Shles. It stars Zvika Hadar, Esti Zakheim, and Aryeh Moskona. Critically acclaimed, it won the Ophir Award for Best Film. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 70th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The movie focuses on aspiring magician David, whose girlfriend Batya wants him to concentrate more on their relationship. David joins up with Romanian immigrant Shimon, hoping that the two of them can form a magic act.
See also
List of submissions to the 70th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Israeli submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1997 films
Israeli comedy-drama films
1990s romantic comedy-drama films
The 1928 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1928. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land.
Systems
Tropical Cyclone One
A weak tropical cyclone existed south of the Gulf of California was spotted on May 24. It moved westward, and was last seen on May 27. The lowest pressure reported was .
Tropical Cyclone Two
A tropical cyclone in the Gulf of Tehuantepec produced gales on June 5. The lowest reported pressure was .
Hurricane Three
A hurricane existed south of Cape Corrientes on July 28 and 29. The lowest reported pressure was a reading of .
Hurricane Four
A tropical cyclone was noticed just south of the Mexican coast on August 6. This system might have formed south of Costa Rica three days earlier. Wherever it formed, this tropical cyclone intensified into a hurricane, and paralleled the coast. It passed south of the Gulf of California on August 10. The hurricane passed northwestward of Cabo San Lucas on September, and dissipated on August 11 while over the southern part of the Baja California Peninsula. The lowest pressure reported in association with this hurricane was .
This hurricane brought gale or hurricane-force winds to several areas of the Mexican coast. An American steamer, the William A. McKenney, had its cargo and structure damaged by the hurricane. Repairs were attempted during the storm, and 14 members of its crew were washed overboard and drowned.
Tropical Cyclone Five
On September 1, a tropical cyclone formed well south of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula. It moved west-northwest and was last seen on September 3. A ship reported a pressure reading of .
Hurricane Six
About 200 miles west-southwest of Acapulco, a tropical cyclone formed on September 17. It slowly moved northwestward. It had intensified into a hurricane by September 18. On September 21, the hurricane weakened and recurved to the east-northeast. It made landfall north of Mazatlán and became a remnant over Mexico. Its remnants had crossed Mexico by September 22 and entered the Gulf of Mexico south of Brownsville, Texas. They never developed into anything, and had dissipated by the end of the month. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
Tropical Cyclone Seven
From September 20 to 22, a tropical cyclone existed south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec.
Hurricane Eight
On October 7, at a location well south of the entrance to the Gulf of California, a hurricane existed. It was moving northwest. A ship measured a central pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Nine
On October 16 and 17, a ship encountered a tropical cyclone well south of the southern Tip of the Baja California Peninsula. The ship reported a pressure of .
See also
1928 Atlantic hurricane season
1928 Pacific typhoon season
1920s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1928 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1920s Pacific hurricane seasons
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry (), abbreviated MITI, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for international trade, industry, investment, productivity, small and medium enterprise, development finance institution, halal industry, automotive, steel, strategic trade. The ministry has its headquarters located at Menara MITI on Jalan Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah in Kuala Lumpur and the building is also a component of Naza TTDI's 75.5-acre KL Metropolis, a mixed development that is envisioned to be the International Trade and Exhibition District for Kuala Lumpur. It is one of the three ministries that has not moved to Putrajaya.
The Minister of International Trade and Industry administers his functions through the Ministry of International Trade and Industry and a range of other government agencies.
Its headquarters is in Kuala Lumpur.
Organisation
Senior Minister of International Trade and Industry
Deputy Minister of International Trade and Industry
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Strategic Planning Division
Strategic Trade Secretariat Division
Legal Advisor Office
Management Services Division
Internal Audit Office
Strategic Communication Unit
Key Performance Indicator Unit
Integrity Unit
Deputy Secretary-General (Trade)
Multilateral Trade Policy and Negotiation Division
Regional and International Relations Division
Bilateral Economic and Trade Relations Division
ASEAN Economic Integration Division
Deputy Secretary-General (Industry)
Sectoral Policy Division
Bumiputera Entrepreneurship and Small and Medium Enterprise Division
Trade and Industry Support Division
Investment Policy and Trade Facilitation Division
Services Sector Development Division
Trade and Industry Related Emerging Issues Division
Deputy Secretary-General (Strategic and Monitoring)
Strategic Negotiations Division
National Key Economic Areas, Monitoring and Evaluation Division
Anugerah Kecemerlangan Industri and Outreach Division
Information Management Division
MITI Domestics Office
MITI Overseas Office
Federal agencies
Malaysian Investment Development Authority (MIDA), or Lembaga Pembangunan Pelaburan Malaysia. (Official site)
Malaysia External Trade Development Corporation (MATRADE), or Perbadanan Pembangunan Perdagangan Luar Malaysia. (Official site)
Malaysia Productivity Corporation (MPC), or Perbadanan Produktiviti Malaysia. (Official site)
The Special Task Force to Facilitate Business, or Pasukan Petugas Khas Pemudahcara Perniagaan (PEMUDAH). (Official site)
SME Corporation Malaysia (SME Corp), or Perbadanan Perusahaan Kecil dan Sederhana Malaysia. (Official site)
Small And Medium Enterprise Bank (SME Bank), or Bank Perusahaan Kecil dan Sederhana. (Official site)
Malaysian Industrial Development Finance (MIDF), or Pembangunan Industri Kewangan Malaysia. (Official site)
Malaysia Automotive Institute (MAI), or Institut Automotif Malaysia. (Official site)
Malaysia Steel Institute (MSI), or Institut Keluli Malaysia. (Official site)
Key legislation
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is responsible for administration of several key Acts:
Industrial Co-ordination Act 1975 [Act 156]
Promotion of Investments Act 1986 [Act 327]
Malaysian Investment Development Authority (Incorporation) Act 1965 [Act 397]
Malaysia Productivity Corporation (Incorporation) Act 1966 [Act 408]
Malaysia External Trade Development Corporation Act 1992 [Act 490]
Countervailing and Anti-Dumping Duties Act 1993 [Act 504]
Small and Medium Industries Development Corporation Act 1995 [Act 539]
Safeguards Act 2006 [Act 657]
Strategic Trade Act 2010 [Act 708]
Policy Priorities of the Government of the Day
National Automotive Policy
Iron and Steel Industry Policy
Background
The Ministry of Commerce and Industry was established in April 1956 and situated in Government Office, Jalan Raja. The Ministry was then renamed the Ministry of Trade and Industry in February 1972. On 27 October 1990, the Ministry was separated into two Ministries which are:
Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI)
Ministry of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs (KPDN).
In November 2015, MITI relocated its headquarters from Kompleks Pejabat Kerajaan, Jalan Tuanku Abdul Halim to Menara Miti on Jalan Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah.
Vision
To make Malaysia the preferred investment destination and among the most globally competitive trading nations by 2020.
Mission
To promote and strategise Malaysia's global competitiveness in international trade by producing high value added goods and services.
To spur the development of industrial activities towards enhancing Malaysia's economic growth for achieving a developed nation status by 2020.
Objective
To plan, legislate and implement international trade and industrial policies that will ensure Malaysia's rapid development towards achieving National Economic Policy and Vision 2020.
Key policies
To plan, formulate and implement policies on industrial development, international trade and investment.
To encourage foreign and domestic investment.
To promote Malaysia 's exports of manufacturing products and services by strengthening bilateral, multilateral and regional trade relations and co-operation.
To enhance national productivity and competitiveness in the manufacturing sector.
Client's Charter
To process online applications for:
Iron & Steel Approved Permit (AP):
import AP: 5 working days;
import AP via ePermit: 2 working days;
export AP: 2 working days.
AP for other products:
import: 5 working days;
export: 3 working days;
personal vehicle: 14 working days.
To process online applications for certificate of origin within 24 working hours upon receiving complete documentation.
To process applications for Bumiputera Special Shares within 21 working days from the approval dates for shares listing by Securities Commission of Malaysia.
To resolve complaints about MITI within 15 working days from the date the complaint is received.
To achieve at least 85% for external customer satisfaction of MITI services.
95% payment of bills to be done within 7 working days.
Tender and Quotation results to be published in the MITI's portal within 2 working days after the date of supplier confirmation based on the Letter of Acceptance.
Legal Framework
The Federal Constitution allows Parliament to make laws related to trade, commerce and industry that include:
production, supply and distribution of goods; price control and food control; adulteration of foodstuffs and other goods;
imports into, and exports from, the Federation;
incorporation, regulation and winding up of corporations other than municipal corporations (but including the municipal corporation of the federal capital); regulation of foreign corporations; bounties on production in or export from the Federation;
insurance, including compulsory insurance;
patents; designs, inventions; trademarks and mercantile marks; copyrights;
establishment of standards of weights and measures;
establishment of standards of quality of goods manufactured in or exported from the Federation;
auctions and auctioneers;
industries; regulation of industrial undertakings;
subject to item 2(c) in the State List: Development of mineral resources; mines, mining, minerals and mineral ores; oils and oilfields; purchase, sale, import and export of minerals and mineral ores; petroleum products; regulation of labour and safety in mines and oilfields;
factories; boilers and machinery; dangerous trades; and
dangerous and inflammable substances.
See also
Minister of International Trade and Industry (Malaysia)
Deputy Minister of International Trade and Industry
References
External links
Ministry of International Trade and Industry /
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia, International Trade and Industry
Malaysia, International Trade and Industry
Ministries established in 1990
1990 establishments in Malaysia
The Very Light Car (VLC) is a prototype design for 2- and 4-passenger automobiles emphasizing low weight and overall efficiency. It was originally developed by the Edison2 team for the Automotive X Prize competition. Two such 4-passenger cars were the only qualifiers in the finals of the "mainstream" division of the competition, and one of them won the 2010 division prize of $5 million with a competition fuel economy of 102.5 MPGe.
The design emphasizes mainstream rather than exotic materials, extreme low weight (less than 450 kg (1000 lbs)) and very low aerodynamic drag (coefficient of drag <0.16). Significant design innovations include in-wheel suspension and safety design derived from endurance auto racing.
Edison2 team
Edison2 was founded by Oliver Kuttner, a Virginia entrepreneur and auto enthusiast, and is headquartered in Lynchburg, Virginia. The VLC development involved over 100 of its own and other companies' employees. After the contest, the team brought on designer Jason Hill and electric vehicle expert Ron Cervan.
X-Prize competition vehicles
Their four competition vehicles were powered by small (250cc) one-cylinder E85-gasohol-fueled internal combustion engines. The aim was to achieve the prize's requirement of 100 MPGe or higher fuel economy. A small E85 internal combustion engine was chosen for the competition in order to have the lowest possible powerplant and fuel weight, high energy density, low pumping losses, and an engine design with an efficiency sweet spot at cruising speed; while meeting mileage and emission standards. The fuel-vs-batteries tradeoff was especially onerous in the mainstream class, because it had a higher 200-mile range requirement, doubling the potential size of a heavy battery pack for hybrid and EV designs.
Their two 4-passenger cars were the only qualifiers in the finals of the "mainstream" division of the competition. All other mainstream entrants broke down in qualifying rounds or failed to achieve minimum MPGe requirements. One of them won the 2010 division prize of $5 million with a fuel economy of 102.5 MPGe. Edison2 could not participate in final validation tests at Argonne Laboratories because two engines were damaged during the coast-down portion of final tests before validation. "Competition officials ruled that Edison2 was not at fault for the incidents at Coast Down that damaged the engines of both of their Mainstream Class entries." In the absence of time and finances to repair and calibrate engines, "officials granted Edison2 a waiver from validation testing. However, Roush laboratories, a separate third party, had conducted dynamometer tests for Edison2 in preparation for Knockout and Finals rounds of the Xprize, and officials reversed an earlier decision to eliminate any vehicle unable to complete validation and agreed to review those results to determine whether they can be accepted in lieu of testing at Argonne." After Coast Down and before tests at Argonne Labs, Xprize officials determined: "The engine failures were found to have been caused by third-party drivers of the vehicles, however, and were not blamed on vehicle design or capabilities." Edison2 was permitted to provide independent third-party validation reports instead of undergoing the same validation testing as other finalist teams. Progressive Automotive Xprize posted Edison2's final MPGe results in a press release on their website.
In addition to its entries in the X Prize "mainstream" division, the team also entered one additional vehicle in each of the two "alternative" (2-passenger) divisions. The side by side alternative class entrant, #96, "failed to meet the minimum 67 MPGe fuel-economy requirement" during the knockout phase of the X Prize competition and was eliminated. The tandem alternative class entry suffered catastrophic engine failure, possibly due to a software problem, and was also eliminated.
Current work
After winning the X-Prize, Edison2 continues work on further VLC prototypes, developing more aerodynamic bodies, an electric drive train, and further refining the innovative in-wheel suspension. In addition, further prototypes are aimed more at consumer acceptance than bare-bones competition requirements. The eventual aim is to have established auto manufacturers pick up low-weight designs for mass production, and possibly license individual technologies, such as the in-wheel suspension.
Recognition and awards
Shared the 2010 Progressive Insurance Automotive X PRIZE.
Selected by Time Magazine as one of the 50 Best Inventions of the Year 2010
References
External links
Eric Cahill. "The Competition Isn't Over Yet: Why Validation Matters", Progressive Automotive XPrize Blog, August 26, 2010
John O'Dell. "Auto X-Prize's 'Mainstream' Finalist Gets OK to Provide Own Validation Results" Edmunds.com Green Car Advisor, August 17, 2010.
Bryan Gentry, "Lynchburg Man Hopes His Efficient Car Will Change the Auto Industry", The News and Advance, January 9, 2010
Brian McNeill, "Car of Tomorrow: Kuttner's 100mpg Vehicle Still in X Prize Fight", The Daily Progress, November 8, 2009
Edison2 website
Progressive Insurance Automotive X Prize website
"Light, Fuel-Driven Car Goes For 100 Mpg X Prize", NPR Morning Edition, July 22, 2010
Sustainable transport
Concept cars
Microcars
Association Sportive et Culturelle de la Police () is a Mauritanean football club based in Nouakchott. The club plays in the Mauritanean Premier League, which it won in 1981.
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the 10,000 capacity Stade Olympique (Nouakchott).
Honours
Mauritanean Premier League
Champion (7): 1981, 1982, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1990, 1991
Coupe du Président de la République
Winner (2): 1985, 1999
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Champions League: 1 appearance
1983 – First Round
References
External links
Team profile - footballdatabase.eu
Team profile - soccerway.com
Football clubs in Mauritania
Sport in Nouakchott
Police association football clubs
was a Japanese Buddhist nun and politician who exercised significant power in the early years of the Kamakura period, which was reflected by her contemporary sobriquet of the "nun shogun". She was the eldest daughter of Hōjō Tokimasa and sister of Hōjō Yoshitoki, both of them shikkens of the Kamakura shogunate. She was the wife of Minamoto no Yoritomo, and mother of
Minamoto no Yoriie and Minamoto no Sanetomo, the first, second and third shōguns of the Kamakura period.
Early life to marriage (1156–1182)
Hōjō Masako was born in 1156, the eldest child of Hōjō Tokimasa, leader of the influential Hōjō clan of Izu province, and his wife, Hōjō no Maki. Masako's parents were still in their teens, so she was raised by many ladies-in-waiting and nannies. Masako was born into a world of war and strife. In Kyoto, the capital of Japan, the Hōgen Rebellion was in full swing. Cloistered Emperor Toba and Emperor Sutoku warred over who would be the next emperor. The Hōjō clan wisely chose to stay out of the rebellion, even though the Hōjō family was descended from the Taira clan and thus was related to the imperial family.
During the Heiji Rebellion in 1159, the Taira clan under Taira no Kiyomori, defeated the Minamoto clan with the support of Cloistered Emperor Go-Shirakawa. Minamoto no Yoshitomo, leader of the Minamoto clan, was executed while his sons and daughters were either executed or sent to nunneries. Of his surviving sons, Minamoto no Yoshitsune and Minamoto no Noriyori were forced into priesthood, while Minamoto no Yoritomo, at the age of thirteen, was exiled to Izu in the domain of Hōjō Tokimasa. While this was happening, Masako was barely an infant. The Taira under Kiyomori now were in successful control of Japan.
Masako was the oldest child of fifteen. She was instructed in horseback riding, hunting, fishing, and she ate with men rather than with the women of the household. Her brother, Hōjō Yoshitoki, was born in 1163 would eventually become a member of the Rokuhara Tandai. Another of her brothers, Hōjō Tokifusa, would become the second Hōjō shikken (regent) of the Kamakura shogunate and head of the Hōjō clan.
Masako married Yoritomo around 1177, against her father's wishes. In 1179, they had their first daughter, Ō-Hime. As Yoritomo's wife, she participated in the government administration and eventually became a representation of power for men of the Hōjō clan.
The same year a disillusioned Imperial Prince Mochihito, son of Emperor Go-Shirakawa, called on the Minamoto members remaining in Japan to overthrow the Taira. Mochihito thought the Taira had denied him the throne to offer the throne to Emperor Antoku, who was half Taira. Minamoto no Yoshitomo considered himself the head of the Minamoto and responded. He had the full support of the Hōjō and Hōjō Tokimasa, not to mention Masako. The Minamoto center was at the city of Kamakura, to the east of Izu in Sagami Province.
Thus, the Genpei War, the final war between Minamoto and Taira had begun. In 1180, Masako's elder brother Munetoki was killed at Battle of Ishibashiyama and Yoshitoki became heir of Hōjō clan. In 1181, Taira no Kiyomori died, leaving the Taira in the hands of his son Taira no Munemori. In 1182, Masako and Yoritomo had their first son, Minamoto no Yoriie, who would be the heir.
The Genpei War and its aftermath (1182–1199)
In 1183, Yoritomo's rival and cousin Minamoto no Yoshinaka took Kyoto, forcing the Taira (and Emperor Antoku) to Shikoku. Quickly, Emperor Go-Toba was installed by the Minamoto. Nonetheless, Minamoto no Yoshitsune and Minamoto no Noriyori, Yoritomo's half brothers who had joined Yoritomo drove Yoshinaka out and executed him, and took Kyoto in the name of Yoritomo (and the Hōjō.)
By 1185, the Taira were completely defeated at the Battle of Dan-no-ura. Munemori was executed, while the remaining Taira either were executed or drowned, including the young Emperor Antoku. Minamoto no Yoritomo was now the undisputed leader of Japan. Hōjō Masako and her family had stood by Yoritomo through it all. She rode with him on his campaigns and was never defeated in battle.
His new allegiance to his wife's family and her dislike of her brothers-in-law, as well as an internal power struggle brought up by the three brothers, eventually resulted in the arrest and execution of Yoshitsune and Noriyori. Yoritomo even created new titles, such as shugo and jitō, which Hōjō Tokimasa received approval from Cloistered Emperor Go-Shirakawa in Kyoto. The capital was not moved to Kyoto, but remained away from the court in Kamakura.
In 1192, Yoritomo was named shōgun by Cloistered Emperor Go-Shirakawa, who died later that year. He was now the most powerful man in Japan, and gave that power over to Masako and the Hōjō clan. That same year Masako and Yoritomo had another son, Minamoto no Sanetomo.
Death, corruption, and familial strife (1199–1205)
In 1199, Minamoto no Yoritomo died. He was succeeded as shōgun by his son, Minamoto no Yoriie. Since he was only eighteen, Hōjō Tokimasa proclaimed himself shikken or regent for Yoriie. Masako also had a strong position since her son was shōgun. Since her husband was dead, she shaved her head and became a Buddhist nun, receiving a tonsure from the priest Gyōyū. However, she did not take up residence in a monastery or a nunnery, and still involved herself in politics. Along with her father Tokimasa and her brother Yoshitoki, Masako created a council of regents for the eighteen-year-old Yoriie. The headstrong shōgun hated his mother's family and preferred his wife's family, the Hiki clan, and his father-in-law, Hiki Yoshikazu.
Hōjō Masako overheard a plot that Yoshikazu and Yoriie were hatching, and turned in her own son to Tokimasa, who did not hurt Yoriie but had Yoshikazu executed in 1203. Now, Shōgun Yoriie was very sick and retired to Izu Province. He was murdered in 1204, no doubt by Tokimasa's orders. Masako had not been aware of this. During the murders and purges of the Hiki clan, Minamoto no Ichiman, Yoriie's eldest son and heir and Masako's grandson, was also executed since he was part Hiki himself.
In 1203, Masako's other son by Yoritomo, Minamoto no Sanetomo, became the third shōgun with Tokimasa as regent. Sanetomo was closer to his mother than his elder brother was, and still a child when appointed shōgun, by contrast his brother, who was forced to abdicate as shōgun was now an adult. Nonetheless, Masako and Yoshitoki, the heir to the Hōjō, were angry with their father, especially after their mother, Hōjō no Maki, died in 1204. Masako's sister's husband, Hatakeyama Shigetada, was wrongfully executed on Tokimasa's orders even after Yoshitoki, Masako, and Tokifusa told Tokimasa he was not guilty of the "treason" charges. Hōjō Tokimasa was by 1205 the most powerful man in Kamakura.
Masako heard rumors that Tokimasa was planning to execute Sanetomo and replace him with one of his allies, so Masako and Yoshitoki immediately ordered Tokimasa to step down and go into priesthood or they would rebel. Hōjō Tokimasa abdicated in 1205, and was sent off to a monastery in Kamakura, where he shaved his head and became a monk, dying in 1215.
The later years (1205–1225)
Tokimasa was ousted in 1205 when Minamoto no Sanetomo became shōgun. The position of the Hōjō clan was still secure. Masako's brother, Hōjō Yoshitoki, succeeded as shikken for Sanetomo, and Masako herself remained in a powerful position as a negotiator with the court. In 1218, Masako was awarded the Junior Second Rank (Ritsuryō (律令)) by the imperial government. She continued to work towards the creation of an advisory council. During this time, she was sent by Regent Yoshitoki on a mission to the Cloistered Emperor Go-Toba, to ask if Minamoto no Sanetomo might adopt one of the emperor's sons as an heir. The emperor refused.
In 1219, Sanetomo was killed by his nephew Kugyō, son of his murdered elder brother Yoriie. Sanetomo's death marked the end of the Minamoto line of shōguns. Masako and Hōjō Yoshitoki selected Kujō Yoritsune, known as Fujiwara no Yoritsune, as the next shōgun. Because Yoritsune was still an infant, Masako was able to act as de facto shōgun until her death. Yoritsune belonged to the Kujō clan (itself part of the Fujiwara clan) but his grandmother was the niece of first shōgun Yoritomo. This meant that whilst he was not strictly a member of the Hōjō clan he was still a figurehead for them.
During the Jōkyū War of 1221, Go-Toba rebelled against the Hōjō. Kamakura was greatly upset by that news, but Masako is said to have calmed it down with her celebrated speech to Kamakura vassals. Azuma Kagami, the official chronicle of the Kamakura shogunate, tells that Masako summoned the vassals and had these words delivered to them by Adachi Kagemori, the Vice-Governor of Akita Fortress:
Regent Yoshitoki and his eldest son, Hōjō Yasutoki, responded to the rebellion by regaining Kyoto,resulting in the exile of Go-Toba. Masako continued to consolidate rule under the advisory council, manage relationships and connections between imperial and aristocratic families, and administer judgments and postwar rewards. In an era that acknowledged the authority and legitimacy of women in rule, Masako's dominance enabled the Hōjō clan to dominate the Kamakura Shogunate until the downfall of the government in 1333.
Hōjō Masako died in 1225 at the age of 69. Due to her lifestyle of cloistered rule, she was known as the ama-shōgun, or the "nun-shōgun". Azuma Kagami portrayed her as a peer of Empress Lü in China and Empress Jingū of Japan.
In Fiction
Shima Iwashita played Hōjō Masako in Kusa Moeru, the 1979 Taiga drama.
Masako is played by Eiko Koike in The 13 Lords of the Shogun, the 2022 Taiga drama.
See also
Hōjō clan
Hōjō Tokimasa
Hōjō Yoshitoki
Hōjō Yasutoki
Hōjō Tokifusa
Kugyō
Minamoto no Yoritomo
Minamoto no Yoriie
Minamoto no Sanetomo
Kujō Yoritsune
Emperor Go-Toba
Emperor Go-Shirakawa
Taira no Kiyomori
Kamakura shogunate
References
Sources
External links
Samurai Archives: Hojo Masako
History Detective Podcast: The Nun Shogun Hōjō Masako
1150s births
1225 deaths
12th-century Buddhist nuns
12th-century Japanese women
12th-century women rulers
13th-century Buddhist nuns
13th-century Japanese women
13th-century women rulers
Masako
Japanese Buddhist nuns
Japanese women in warfare
Minamoto clan
People of Kamakura-period Japan
People of Heian-period Japan
Women in 12th-century warfare
Women of medieval Japan
Liotella capitata is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Skeneidae.
Description
(Original description by Ch. Hedley) The height of the shell attains 0.6 mm, its diameter 1.3 mm. The minute, cream-colored shell has a subdiscoidal shape. The spire is slightly elevate. The umbilicus is wide. The shell contains 3 whorls. The 1½ whorl of the protoconch is tilted and inflated. The body whorl comes scarcely in contact with the penultimate whorl, at last deeply descending. The sculpture of the shell shows sharp, projecting ring ribs, widely spaced on the last half whorl, but crowded on the penultimate. The interspaces and protoconch are smooth. The oblique aperture is oval and entire. It is downwardly directed and fortified by a prominent ring varix.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off New South Wales at a depth of 1460 m.
References
Laseron, C., 1954. Revision of the Liotiidae of New South Wales. Aust. Zool., 12(1):1-25
Iredale, T. & McMichael, D.F. (1962). A reference list of the marine Mollusca of New South Wales. Memoirs of the Australian Museum. 11 : 1-109
capitata
Gastropods of Australia
Gastropods described in 1907
Qohestan (, also Romanized as Qohestān) is a city in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,451, in 674 families.
References
Populated places in Darmian County
Cities in South Khorasan Province
Bhorletar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2526 people living in 491 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Bargeddie was a railway station in the village of Bargeddie, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It was opened as Cuilhill, by the North British Railway on 1 February 1871. It was renamed Bargeddie on 1 April 1904.
The station closed to passengers on 24 September 1927.
References
Notes
Sources
Disused railway stations in Glasgow
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1871
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1917
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1919
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1927
Former North British Railway stations
Renee Percy (born November 14 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian actress, writer, and comedian. Percy is best known for her work on the sketch comedy shows Air Farce Live and CTV/Comedy Network's Comedy Inc, and for her Comedy Now! Special "Women of the Night II". Appearing in numerous national television commercials her most notable role is her Canadian Comedy Awards winning viral video "Sure Lock: A True Poo Story".
Career
Percy was born into a family of artists – her mom was a dancer and her dad, a musician. She began her creative path at the Etobicoke School of the Arts and chose acting over dance and karate (she holds a 2nd degree Black Belt). At the age of 10, her mother took her to audition for the Canadian series, Degrassi Junior High. The producers thought she was too young and was eventually cast as Pipi on Degrassi High two years later.
After Degrassi, Percy was accepted into the University of Toronto Honors Program with a Specialty in Drama and Minor in English. Further, Percy auditioned and was accepted for the department's Master Class. After graduation the class went on to tour with the school's visiting German Director Norbert Kentrup on a 12 stop European tour.
Percy began stand-up at the Lab Cab Factory Theatre and went on to tour across Canada with the world's largest chain of comedy clubs, Yuk Yuk's. Percy attended the Humber College School of Comedy's post graduate program where she won the Mark Breslin Scholarship and the Phil Hartman Award for Best Comedian. Her sketch show "Mardi Bra" was named one of Now Magazine'''s "Best Comedic Discoveries" of 2004, which was staged at the Toronto Fringe Festival.
Her credits have included the films Textuality and Eat Wheaties!, as well as supporting or guest roles in television series.
Percy also claims the title of being the only female staff writer to be hired by Canada's most successful television comedy series Air Farce Live, in addition to writing for Canada's other national sketch comedy show Comedy Inc.. She has also appeared on CTV/Comedy Network in the Comedy Now! special Women of the Night, and as a series regular on Comedy Inc. She is also a writer and voice actor on the animated sketch show pilot Duncebucket'' on Teletoon.
Awards
Winner of the Phil Hartman Award For Comedy.
Winner of a Canadian Comedy Awards for "Sure Lock: A True Poo Story"
References
External links
Official web site
Living people
21st-century Canadian comedians
21st-century Canadian actresses
Canadian sketch comedians
Canadian women comedians
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Actresses from Toronto
Comedians from Toronto
Humber College alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian Comedy Award winners
The 1946 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 16th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Dublin entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 1 September 1946 Dublin won the championship following a 1-6 to 0-7 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title in-a-row.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Dublin became the fourth team to win back-to-back All-Ireland Championship titles.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Dillon Senan De Silva (born 18 April 2002) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Queens Park Rangers. Born in England, he plays for the Sri Lanka national team.
Club career
De Silva started his youth career at Tottenham Hotspur, where he spent three years. Prior to joining Tottenham, he also had unsuccessful trials at Arsenal. He joined the youth academy of Queens Park Rangers in 2017.
International career
Born in England, De Silva represents Sri Lanka at international football. In May 2021, he received his first call-up for the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Lebanon and South Korea. He made his debut on 5 June 2021, coming on as a substitute in a 3–2 defeat against Lebanon.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Sri Lanka's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each De Silva goal.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Footballers from Camden Town
Sri Lankan footballers
Sri Lanka international footballers
English footballers
English people of Sri Lankan descent
Association football wingers
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Barking F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
The 2019–20 Premier League was the 28th season of the Premier League, the top English professional football league, since its establishment in 1992, and the 121st season of top-flight English football overall. The season started on 9 August 2019 and concluded on 26 July 2020. Manchester City were the defending champions for the second successive year, after picking up the domestic treble the previous season. Liverpool won their first league title since 1990, the club's first of the Premier League era and nineteenth overall.
Over the season, Liverpool set a number of English top-flight records including the earliest title win (with seven games to spare), the biggest points lead at any time (25), and the most consecutive home wins (24, of which 7 were carried over from the previous season).
The season was halted for over three months, following a decision on 13 March 2020 by the Premier League to suspend the league after a number of players and other club staff became ill due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The initial suspension, until 4 April, was then extended to mid-June. The season recommenced with two matches on 17 June and a full round of matches played over the weekend of 19–22 June.
In 2019–20, the video assistant referee (VAR) review system was introduced. Changes to the laws affecting backpasses, penalties, handballs and substitutions were also introduced in 2019–20.
Summary
The Premier League season marked the start of a new three-year TV deal. One key change was that eight matches were shown on television at 19:45 on Saturdays across the season, broadcast by Sky Sports. Further, Amazon broadcast two rounds of fixtures in December, including the Merseyside derby, marking the first time an entire round of live matches had been broadcast domestically.
It was the first Premier League season to have a mid-season break in February. Three games of a normal round of ten were played on the weekend 8–9 February 2020, six games on the following weekend 14–17 February and the tenth game, Manchester City versus West Ham United, was rescheduled from 9 February to 19 February due to Storm Ciara. Games played on the same day had separate time slots such that the games did not overlap.
Title race
With Manchester City and Liverpool achieving 98 and 97 points respectively in the 2018–19 season, many expected another close race for the title. Liverpool started the season in strong form with eight consecutive wins, while City suffered shock defeats to newly promoted Norwich City and Wolverhampton Wanderers. Liverpool's 3–1 win over City at Anfield in November opened up an 8-point lead at the top of the table and they maintained their lead for the remainder of the season.
On 25 June 2020, Manchester City lost 2–1 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, mathematically confirming Liverpool as champions and marking their first league title in 30 years, and their first of the Premier League era.
Upon winning the league, Liverpool claimed the unusual achievement of winning the Premier League earlier than any other team by games played (with seven games remaining) and later than any other team by date (the only team to clinch the title in the month of June).
Records and achievements
On 25 October 2019, Leicester City broke the Premier League record – as well as the all-time English top-flight record – for the largest away league win and equalled the biggest ever Premier League win when they defeated Southampton 9–0 at St Mary's Stadium.
During the season, Liverpool broke or tied several Premier League all-time records. They achieved a record-equalling 18 consecutive wins before being defeated by Watford on 29 February. They also set records of 24 consecutive home wins, and a 25-point lead in the table at any time.
On 12 January 2020, in a 6–1 victory over Aston Villa, Manchester City's Sergio Agüero broke Thierry Henry's Premier League record for most goals scored by an overseas player. In the same match, he also broke the record for most hat-tricks scored by a single player (12), previously held by Alan Shearer.
Black Lives Matter impact
As a gesture of solidarity following the murder of George Floyd, players' names on the back of their shirts were replaced with 'Black Lives Matter' for the first 12 matches of the restarted season as well as replacing the Premier League badge for the BLM's for the rest of the season. The Premier League also gave their support for any player who chooses to "take a knee" before or during matches. In addition, the NHS tribute badge was also used at all kits for the remainder of the season.
Relegation battle
On 11 July 2020, Norwich City became the first team to be relegated to the Championship after a 4–0 defeat at home to West Ham United with three games remaining. On 26 July 2020, Bournemouth were the second team to be relegated to the Championship on the final day of the season, despite winning 3–1 away to Everton. Watford were the final team to be relegated to the Championship after losing 3–2 away to Arsenal on the same day. Both of these results were coupled with Aston Villa's 1–1 draw against West Ham United, ensuring Aston Villa safety in the Premier League for another season. Coincidentally, the three relegated teams were the same teams promoted to the Premier League for the 2015–16 season.
Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
Since March, the season was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. On 10 March, the match between Manchester City and Arsenal, due to be played the next day after being rescheduled due to City's participation in the 2020 EFL Cup Final, was postponed. A number of Arsenal players had made close contact with Olympiacos owner Evangelos Marinakis, who had tested positive for infection with the coronavirus, when the two teams had met in the Europa League 13 days earlier. It is the first football season in England to be halted since the 1939–40 season was abandoned after only three games following the outbreak of the Second World War.
On 12 March, it was revealed that three Leicester City players were self-isolating. Manchester City announced that their defender Benjamin Mendy was also self-isolating, after a family member displayed symptoms of the virus. Later in the evening, it was then confirmed that Arsenal head coach Mikel Arteta had tested positive for coronavirus. As a result of Arteta's positive test, the match between Brighton & Hove Albion and Arsenal, scheduled for 14 March at the Amex, was postponed. On 13 March, Chelsea announced that their winger Callum Hudson-Odoi had tested positive for coronavirus.
On 13 March, following an emergency meeting between the Premier League, The Football Association (FA), the English Football League and the FA Women's Super League, it was unanimously decided to suspend professional football in England until at least 4 April 2020. On 19 March, the suspension was extended to at least 30 April 2020. At the same time the FA agreed to extend the season indefinitely, past the scheduled end date of 1 June. In April 2020, the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, called on Premier League players to take a pay cut during the pandemic. The PFA rejected the call as they felt that a cut for all players would impact the Exchequer with a loss of income tax revenue. Several clubs, including Watford, Southampton and West Ham United, all agreed to defer their wages. Later in April, the Premier League produced a plan, nicknamed "Project Restart", aimed at restarting the league and playing all 92 remaining matches over a six-week period at approved, neutral stadiums. Watford, Aston Villa and Brighton, all near the bottom of the table, were of the opinion that it would be unfair to play the games in such different conditions when at risk of relegation but would be more in favour if the threat of relegation was removed. From 19 May 2020, players were allowed to return to group training in preparation for restarting the league. They were permitted to be in groups of no more than five with all training sessions lasting no longer than 75 minutes for each player. Social distancing rules must be adhered to during the sessions.
On 17 and 18 May, a total of 748 players and staff were tested for COVID-19. Six tests proved positive including Adrian Mariappa of Watford and Burnley assistant manager, Ian Woan.
Later in May, Aaron Ramsdale of Bournemouth also returned a positive test for the virus.
A number of players, including Manchester City's Raheem Sterling and Sergio Agüero and Aaron Cresswell of West Ham United, voiced concerns relating to the safety of restarting the campaign. Danny Rose of Newcastle United called the decision to restart "a joke". Troy Deeney of Watford said he would not return to training because of fear for his family's health. N'Golo Kanté of Chelsea also missed training with safety concerns. On 27 May, the clubs voted unanimously to resume contact training. Aston Villa's Tyrone Mings said the players had not been consulted regarding restarting the league and that the restart was "financially driven".
On 28 May, clubs agreed that the season would restart on 17 June, with the two games in hand of Manchester City vs Arsenal and Aston Villa vs Sheffield United, with the first full round of fixtures since March to be played on the weekend of 19–21 June, with all matches played behind closed doors. A plan was announced for all remaining matches to be televised, and to widen the availability of domestic broadcasts: for the first time, the BBC gained rights to broadcast four live matches on free-to-air television, while Sky announced plans to carry 25 matches on its free-to-air channel Pick. Amazon were allotted four matches. and announced it would provide a means of streaming them for free without an Amazon Prime subscription; on 18 June it was announced that these matches would be carried on its video game live streaming service Twitch.
On 4 June, the Premier League announced that teams would be allowed to name nine substitutes per match, instead of the usual seven, and that teams could use five substitutes per match instead of three.
Aston Villa vs. Sheffield United and Manchester City vs. Arsenal on 17 June were the first games played after the pandemic enforced break.
Financial services company Deloitte estimated that Premier League clubs would face a £1 billion loss of revenue for the 2019–20 season, £500 million being accounted for in rebates to broadcasters and loss of matchday revenue.
Further tests for the virus were carried out on 11 and 12 June. Two unnamed people provided a positive result including one player from Norwich City who would be required to self-isolate thereby missing the first fixture of the restarted season. Following these tests there had been 16 positive results from 8,687 tests.
Before the restart of games the Premier League produced a set of guidelines to be followed at all games. They stipulated that all matches must be played behind closed doors, with the number of key people allowed inside the stadium limited to 300. All stadiums are divided into three zones — red (includes pitch and technical areas), amber (stands) and green (stand concourses) — and there are restrictions on who is allowed to enter each. There is staggered entry on to the pitch for players and staff and no handshakes are allowed before kick-off. Deep cleaning of corner flags, goalposts, substitution boards and match balls takes place before and after each fixture as standard. Extra disinfection, such as of the substitution board after it is used, is likely during matches and at half-time. Additional measures include that players and coaching staff must observe social distancing rules when travelling to and from games, and post-match broadcast interviews must take place pitchside with press conferences conducted virtually.
Teams
Twenty teams competed in the league – the top seventeen teams from the previous season and the three teams promoted from the Championship. The promoted teams were Norwich City, Sheffield United and Aston Villa. Norwich City and Aston Villa returned to the top flight after absences of three years, while Sheffield United returned after a twelve-year absence. They replaced Cardiff City, Fulham (both teams relegated after one season back in the top flight) and Huddersfield Town (relegated after two years in the top flight). Cardiff City's relegation means that this season was the first without a side from Wales since the 2010–11 season.
Stadiums and locations
Note: Table lists in alphabetical order.
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
League table
Results
Season statistics
Scoring
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Notes
4 Player scored 4 goals(H) – Home team(A) – Away team
Clean sheets
Discipline
Player
Most yellow cards: 12
Luka Milivojević (Crystal Palace)
Most red cards: 2
Fernandinho (Manchester City)
Christian Kabasele (Watford)
David Luiz (Arsenal)
Club
Most yellow cards: 86
Arsenal
Most red cards: 5
Arsenal
Awards
Monthly awards
Annual awards
References
External links
League and cup results for all the 2019/20 Premier Division clubs at footballsite
Premier League seasons
England
1
Premier League
Thomas Camperdown Fyfe (23 June 1870 in Timaru – 1947 in Hastings) was a self-taught New Zealand mountaineer from Timaru. He led the first ascent of Aoraki / Mount Cook (the highest mountain in New Zealand) on 25 December 1894, which included Jack Clarke and George Graham. Following the first Aoraki ascent Fyfe, who was introduced to climbing by Jack Adamson, went on to become the first appointed Chief Guide at the Hermitage Hotel at Mt Cook village.
References
New Zealand mountain climbers
People from Timaru
1870 births
1947 deaths
Panoli railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Panoli railway station is 20 km far away from Bharuch railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express trains halt at Panoli railway station.
Nearby Stations
Hathuran is the nearest railway station towards Mumbai, whereas Ankleshwar is the nearest railway station towards Vadodara.
Major Trains
Passenger Trains:
59049/50 Valsad - Viramgam Passenger
69149/50 Virar - Bharuch MEMU
59439/40 Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Passenger
59441/42 Ahmedabad - Mumbai Central Passenger
69111/12 Surat - Vadodara MEMU
69171/72 Surat - Bharuch MEMU
69109/10 Vadodara - Surat MEMU
Following Express trains halt at Panoli railway station in both directions:
19033/34 Valsad - Ahmedabad Gujarat Queen Express
19023/24 Mumbai Central - Firozpur Janata Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central - Porbandar Saurashtra Express
See also
Bharuch district
References
Railway stations in Bharuch district
Vadodara railway division
From the end of May to mid June 2022, more than 200 forest fires in different districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa damaged 14,430 acres of forests and pastures. While 402 incidents of forest fires were reported in one month. The highest number of 129 forest fires was reported in Abbottabad District. According to the report, forest fires broke out at 55 places in Mansehra District, 29 in Lakki Marwat District, 39 in Dera Ismail Khan District and 24 in Swat District.
Haripur wildfire
On 16 May 2022, hundreds of acres of forest trees reduced to ashes in 70% of the forest area.
Shangla District wildfire
On 4 June 2022, a forest fire in Ali Jan Capri area of Chakesar, a remote area of Shangla District, killed 4 members of a family.
References
2022 in Pakistan
Fires in Pakistan
Wildfires in Pakistan
2022 wildfires
2022 meteorology
May 2022 events in Pakistan
June 2022 events in Pakistan
2022 disasters in Pakistan
Suffering-focused ethics are those positions in ethics that give moral priority to the reduction of suffering. This means that they give greater weight to the reduction of suffering than to the promotion of pleasure, happiness, or to other things that one might consider valuable. According to some suffering-focused ethics, humans should concentrate exclusively on reducing preventable suffering. Other views can include additional features as the prevention of other disvalues or the promotion of other positive values while giving priority to reducing preventable suffering over them.
Different suffering-focused ethics
"Suffering-focused ethics" is an umbrella term that covers different normative positions which share the common element of giving priority to suffering. Even though all these doctrines share this common general aim, they make different claims regarding how we should act. An example of these views is negative consequentialism, which claims that we should minimize suffering because a situation becomes better when there is less suffering in it. A form of negative consequentialism is negative utilitarianism, the view that we should aim at bringing about the least possible amount of aggregate suffering, adding up everyone's suffering as having equal value (no matter whose such suffering is).
Other suffering-focused views can be, however, deontologic ethics, and claim, instead, that we have agent-relative reasons when reducing suffering. They will claim that reducing suffering has priority over other moral goals in all cases. This moral imperative would prevail in all cases, regardless of whether they cause a situation to be better or worse. Finally, it can also be claimed that we should have dispositions in our character to behave as suffering reducers.
Suffering-focused ethics used to be named as "negative", as they consider that the reduction of what is negative is more important than the promotion of what has positive value. This term continues to be used in naming positions such as negative consequentialism, negative prioritarianism or negative utilitarianism. However, the use of the term "suffering-focused ethics" has increased during the 21st century, as it informs more directly and clearly about the view it denotes. Suffering-focused ethics that are deontological or appeal to moral character (like care ethics) have not been named with the term "negative".
Different suffering-focused ethics can also be distinguished depending on how much room they make for the consideration of values that differ from the reduction of suffering and to their relative importance with regards to the latter. According to some suffering-focused ethics there are no positive things in the world, only negative ones. Other views, however, accept that there are things that have positive value but only as long as they avoid that we suffer.
Other positions, called lexical views, hold that no amount of other values can be more important than the reduction of suffering (lexicality in theory of value is the view that certain values trump over others). Moderate views instead hold that, while the reduction of suffering is more important than other values, there can be some aggregate amount of other values such that its promotion may end up being more important than the reduction of a certain amount of suffering.
Arguments in favor of suffering-focused ethics
Some philosophers have endorsed suffering-focused views because they consider that these are the only views that can solve some problems in the field of population ethics, in particular the asymmetry. According to this asymmetry, there is no obligation to bring into existence an individual who we can expect to have a good life, but there is an obligation not to bring into existence an individual who we can expect to have a bad life. It is possible to respond to this asymmetry by accepting that we do have an obligation to create happy lives or by accepting that we do not have an obligation not to create unhappy lives. Notwithstanding this, both options, especially the latter, seem to be highly counter-intuitive. The view that avoiding the creation of suffering has precedence over the promotion of happiness, however, gives us a very intuitive solution to this problem.
The asymmetry exemplifies the intuition which many people have that it is permissible not to try to provide pleasure to others but instead, it is mandatory to avoid causing them to suffer. This idea is also defended by arguing that most of us reject that it would be correct to cause an unknown individual to enjoy some pleasure by causing another one to suffer a suffering that is only slightly lower in intensity or duration.
Some argue that there is a qualitative asymmetry that warrants prioritizing suffering reduction: suffering is inherently urgent and in severe cases unbearably bad. In contrast, a neutral absence of pleasure or any other proposed intrinsic value does not constitute an urgent problem that needs to be immediately "relieved".
Another argument in favor of the reduction of suffering would be that suffering, including extreme suffering, is present in massive amounts in the world and can be easily reduced, while bliss and extreme pleasure are much more scarce and hard to cause. This view finds precedents in the positions held by Buddhists and by 19th century philosophers.
See also
Antifrustrationism
Antinatalism
Buddhist ethics
Eradication of suffering
Negative consequentialism
Negative utilitarianism
Pain (philosophy)
Painism (an ethical framework by Richard D. Ryder)
Philosophical pessimism
Speciesism
Suffering risks
References
Further reading
External links
Algosphere Alliance: Vision
Center for Reducing Suffering (2020) Suffering-Focused Ethics, Research
Center on Long-Term Risk: "How can humanity best reduce suffering?"
Organisation for the Prevention of Intense Suffering
Qualia Research Institute (2020) Suffering
Suffering-Focused Ethics Resources
Consequentialism
Ethical theories
Suffering
Costifer is a family of sea sponges. It is the only genus in the monotypic family Isoraphiniidae.
Species
Costifer vasiformis Wilson, 1925
Costifer wilsoni Lévi, 1993
References
Tetractinellida
The 2017 Guzzini Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the fifteenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2017 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Recanati, Italy between 3 and 9 July 2017.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 26 June 2017.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Edoardo Eremin
Gianluca Mager
Julian Ocleppo
Andrea Vavassori
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Altuğ Çelikbilek
Viktor Galović
Evgeny Karlovskiy
Frederik Nielsen
Champions
Singles
Viktor Galović def. Mirza Bašić 7–6(7–3), 6–4.
Doubles
Jonathan Eysseric / Quentin Halys def. Julian Ocleppo / Andrea Vavassori 6–7(3–7), 6–4, [12–10].
External links
Official Website
Guzzini Challenger
2017
2017 in Italian tennis
Frank Riseley and Sydney Smith defeated Clement Cazalet and George Hillyard 7–5, 2–6, 3–6, 6–3, 6–1 in the Comers' Final, and then defeated the reigning champions Laurence Doherty and Reginald Doherty 4–6, 8–6, 6–3, 4–6, 11–9 in the challenge round to win the gentlemen's doubles tennis title at the 1902 Wimbledon Championships.
Draw
Challenge round
All comers' finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Gentlemen's Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Men's doubles
The Yamashio Maru class () consisted of a pair of auxiliary escort carriers operated by the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. They were converted from tankers. Only the name ship was completed during the war and she was sunk by American aircraft before she could be used.
Construction
In 1944, the Japanese Army, which had already converted two passenger liners into combined assault ship and aircraft carriers, decided to acquire its own escort carriers to provide aerial anti-submarine cover for troop convoys. It therefore chartered two partly built Type 2TL Tankers, Yamashio Maru and Chigusa Maru, for conversion to auxiliary escort carriers.
The conversion was extremely simple, with a -long flush flight deck added. There was no hangar, the ship's eight Ki-76s being stored on deck. Defensive armament consisted of sixteen 25 mm anti-aircraft guns, with a depth charge projector forward.
Operational history
Yamashio Maru commissioned on 27 January 1945 and was sunk at Yokohama harbor by US aircraft on 17 February. Plans were drawn up for conversion to a coal-burning freighter, but she was never used as a carrier. Her sister ships, Chigusa Maru and Zuiun Maru, were incomplete when Japan surrendered and served after the war as tankers:
Chigusa Maru was sunk in 1945. The ship was repaired as tanker in 1945 and scrapped in Sasebo in June 1963. Zuiun Maru was scrapped in Oskata on 15 June 1964.
Photo
See also
Imperial Japanese Army Railways and Shipping Section
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Escort Aircraft Carriers
Escort carriers of the Imperial Japanese Army
Escort aircraft carrier classes
Ships built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Postwar Japan
Gazeran (, also Romanized as Gāzerān; also known as Gazrah and Kāzerūn) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 209, in 52 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Black Axe may refer to:
Black Axe (organized crime group), a Nigerian international criminal organization
Black Axe (comic book), a comic book series published by Marvel UK
Mouse Guard: Black Axe, a Mouse Guard comic book mini-series
Jonathan David Leicester (born February 7, 1979) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He previously played for the Chicago Cubs and Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball.
Career
Originally drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 2000 Major League Baseball Draft, Leicester made his major league debut for the Cubs in .
Prior to the season, Leicester was traded to the Texas Rangers in exchange for left-handed minor league pitcher Clint Brannon. Leicester never appeared in a game for the Rangers in the majors, and after the 2006 season, became a free agent.
In , he began playing for the Baltimore Orioles organization. He spent most of the season with the Triple-A Norfolk Tides, but pitched his first major league complete game in a September callup. He began the season in Norfolk. After the 2008 season, he signed with the Orix Buffaloes in Nippon Professional Baseball, playing for the club in 2009 and 2010. On March 1, 2011, San Diego signed him and he spent the year at AAA Tucson starting 25 games. He elected free agency after the season. Leicester played two seasons for the Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions of the Chinese Professional Baseball League in 2012 and 2013.
On March 29, 2014, Leicester signed with the Diablos Rojos del Mexico of the Mexican League. On June 3, 2014, Leicester was released. On February 6, 2015, Leicester signed with the Leones de Yucatán. He was released on June 22, 2015, and signed with the Pericos de Puebla the next day. Leicester was released by Puebla on July 2.
Leicester signed with the Southern Maryland Blue Crabs of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball shortly after his release from the Pericos. He re-signed with the Blue Crabs for the 2016 season and became a free agent after the year.
References
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Pura Pelota (VPBL)
1979 births
Living people
Aberdeen IronBirds players
Águilas Cibaeñas players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
American expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from California
Chicago Cubs players
Daytona Cubs players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Eugene Emeralds players
Gulf Coast Orioles players
Iowa Cubs players
Lansing Lugnuts players
Leones de Yucatán players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball pitchers
Memphis Tigers baseball players
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Norfolk Tides players
Oklahoma RedHawks players
Orix Buffaloes players
People from Mariposa, California
Pericos de Puebla players
Southern Maryland Blue Crabs players
Tucson Padres players
Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions players
University of Memphis alumni
West Tennessee Diamond Jaxx players
Muecate District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Muecate.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
Zarundeh (, also Romanized as Zārūndeh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 162, in 45 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Michael Glatthaar (born 3 May 1953) is a German scholar of the Middle Ages, specializing in the documents of the Carolingians and the study of Saint Boniface. A student of Hubert Mordek, he is the author of Bonifatius und das Sakrileg (2004), a study of the saint's influence on the concept of sacrilege in the 8th-century church and afterward. In his study he identifies a number of sententiae in a Wurzburg manuscript (an important witness for the Collectio canonum Hibernensis) as connected to Boniface, proposing the title Sententiae Bonifantianae Wirceburgensis for the fifty-four capitula and chapter headings in the manuscript. He has argued for the authenticity of the 716 capitulary of Pope Gregory II which invested three papal legates with the organization of the church in Bavaria, and for its close connection to Boniface's sphere of influence.
With Hubert Mordek and Klaus Zechiel-Eckes he is the editor of the Admonitio generalis, an important Carolingian document.
References
1953 births
Living people
German male non-fiction writers
David Jerard Moss (born September 9, 1983) is an American professional basketball player for Germani Brescia of the Lega Basket Serie A (LBA). He is a shooting guard-small forward.
Collegiate career
Moss attended Thornwood High School in South Holland, Illinois, USA. There he played basketball, soccer, tennis, and track & field. He played basketball at Indiana State University, where he played with the Indiana State Sycamores in the Missouri Valley Conference. While there, he was named Conference Freshman of the Year, and earned All-Conference Team honors all four years. He finished as the school's sixth all-time leading scorer, with 1,562 points career points scored; currently, he ranks seventh.
Professional career
Moss went undrafted by an NBA team and started his professional career in the 2006–07 season in the Polish League, playing with Polpak Swiecie. Following that season, he played in the NBA Summer League with the Atlanta Hawks. Not able to make the team, he went back to Europe to play in the Italian Second Division, with Aurora Jesi, during the 2007-08 season. With Jesi, he won the Italian Second Division Cup.
The following season, 2008–09, he played with Teramo Basket in the Italian First Division, and enjoyed great success there, finishing second in the league MVP voting to Terrell McIntyre. After playing in the 2009 NBA Summer League with the Portland Trail Blazers, he signed a three-year contract with the Italian club Montepaschi Siena, but he first joined Virtus Bologna on a sports loan, until the end of the contract's first season.
With Montepaschi Siena, Moss helped the team to win eight national domestic titles; winning three Italian League championships (2011, 2012, 2013), three Italian Cup titles (2011, 2012, 2013), and two Italian Supercup titles (2010, 2011). He was also named an Italian League All-Star for the 2010–11 and 2011–12 seasons.
On July 29, 2013, Moss officially signed a two-year contract with Emporio Armani Milano.
On March 16, 2016, Moss signed with Basket Brescia Leonessa, a Serie A2 Basket team for the rest of the 2015–16 season. At the end of the season, the club was promoted in Serie A after 24 years.
On July 2, 2016, Moss re-signed with Basket Brescia Leonessa. On February 2, 2018, he signed a two-year contract extension with Brescia.
As of February 23, 2022; Moss remains the Team Captain of Brescia.
Career statistics
Euroleague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2010–11
| style="text-align:left;"| Montepaschi
| 22 || 20 || 21.4 || .477 || .452 || .806 || 2.4 || 1.8 || 1.4 || .4 || 7.6 || 7.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2011–12
| style="text-align:left;"| Montepaschi
| 20 || 15 || 22.7 || .455 || .420 || .870 || 2.5 || 1.1 || .9 || .3 || 8.2 || 6.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;"| Montepaschi
| 24 || 24 || 30.8 || .420 || .396 || .875 || 4.0 || 1.5 || .7 || .0 || 9.8 || 8.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"| Milano
| 26 || 16 || 24.9 || .451 || .364 || .806 || 3.6 || 1.5 || 1.0 || .1 || 7.3 || 7.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Milano
| 23 || 13 || 21.1 || .398 || .333 || .773 || 3.1 || 1.2 || .7 || .1 || 5.0 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Milano
| 23 || 13 || 21.1 || .398 || .333 || .773 || 3.1 || 1.2 || .7 || .1 || 5.0 || 5.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 202 || 98 || 27.3 || .463 || .403 || .794 || 4.2 || 1.4 || .9 || .3 || 7.6 || 10.2
References
External links
David Moss at draftexpress.com
David Moss at eurobasket.com
David Moss at euroleague.net
David Moss at legabasket.it
1983 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Illinois
Basket Brescia Leonessa players
Indiana State Sycamores men's basketball players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Mens Sana Basket players
Olimpia Milano players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Teramo Basket players
Virtus Bologna players
Miike Snow (pronounced "Mike Snow") is a Swedish indie pop band formed in 2007. The band consists of producing team Bloodshy & Avant and American singer Andrew Wyatt. The band is often represented by a silhouette image of a jackalope. In their career, the band has released three studio albums: Miike Snow (2009), Happy to You (2012), and iii (2016).
History
Early years
Miike Snow was formed in 2007 in Stockholm, Sweden. Band members Christian Karlsson and Pontus Winnberg were childhood friends who spent time playing in bands and working on various projects in studios throughout the city of Gothenburg. Karlsson was a former member of the Swedish hip-hop band Goldmine, who toured with The Fugees. After separate moves to Stockholm, they reunited in 2000.
Karlsson and Winnberg collaborated under the moniker Bloodshy & Avant and enjoyed a significant amount of success as producers and songwriters. They have worked with artists such as Madonna, Kylie Minogue, Kelis, Sky Ferreira, and won a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording for Britney Spears' track "Toxic".
In 2004, while working on writing a pop album for Britney Spears, Karlsson and Winnberg met the third band member, American songwriter Andrew Wyatt. Wyatt reports "I was in Sweden visiting, and someone told me that I should hook up with these two guys. Actually, it turns out I'd met Christian in the studio maybe a year before, but we only actually recently remembered that".
The name "Miike Snow" is said to have come from one of their friends named Mike Snow. Contrary to suggestions or statements to the converse, the spelling of "Miike" does not derive from the Japanese film director Takashi Miike; Pontus Winnberg states that, "When we sat down to come up with a name one of us got an email from a mutual friend by the name Mike Snow. We liked it and added the extra "I" because we liked the look of it. We once found a possible classic Swedish film on our tour bus once, called Jävligt Jagad. It's a bit like if Bergman's ancestors would make a movie inspired by Takashi Miike". Miike Snow have, however, indicated that they are fans of Miike's work, specifically noting Audition, Visitor Q, 13 Assassins, and Ichi the Killer.
Miike Snow
Miike Snow is Miike Snow's eponymous debut album. It was recorded in Stockholm and released in the United States on 9 June 2009 by Downtown Records. A single for the track "Animal" was released on 17 February 2009. Upon a UK release of the song later in the same year, the track reached number 98 on the UK Singles Chart. The 'Punks Jump Up' remix of "Animal" is used as the theme music for the British Channel 4 sitcom Friday Night Dinner. The second single was "Black & Blue". Both singles have made the BBC Radio 1 Playlist B-List.
The Guardian spoke highly of the band, saying Miike Snow's "coolly emotional pop suggests A-ha meets Animal Collective." In an interview for ClashMusic.com, Wyatt revealed their unexpected popularity, saying, "I don't think our project was that thought out when we started. We just wanted to make music together. Three people just messing about. I don't think we anticipated the level of attention that it's getting right now. We didn't even think about touring when we started the album."
Miike Snow have remixed tracks for Depeche Mode, Passion Pit, Peter Bjorn and John, Kings of Leon, I Blame Coco and Vampire Weekend. Their music has been remixed by Mark Ronson, Crookers, Peter Bjorn and John, Treasure Fingers, Tiga, Caspa, Style of Eye, Emalkay, Fake Blood, Benny Blanco, Savage Skulls, Netsky, Hood Internet and DJ Mehdi, amongst others. A remix of the song "Silvia" by DJ's Sebastian Ingrosso and Dirty South was released on 2 April 2010.
Their song "In Search Of" was originally a collaboration with Crookers for the song "Remedy". The band liked the end result so much that they decided to create their own version for their album.
In 2011, Miike Snow won a European Border Breakers Award for their international success. Every year the European Border Breakers Awards (EBBA) recognize the success of ten emerging artists or groups who reached audiences outside their own countries with their first internationally released album in the past year.
In 2012, the band toured the United States.
Happy to You
On 30 May 2011, the band announced on Facebook that they were working on a brand-new album to be released in the fall. On 7 October 2011, the band announced on Facebook that they had begun mixing their new album, and that new music would be released by the end of the year. On 29 November 2011, the band announced via Facebook that the album is complete, the videos are being shot, the artwork is being finished, and the tour dates are being planned. On 20 December 2011, the band announced via Facebook that their second full-length album, Happy to You, was set to be released the week of 26 March 2012. They also said that there will be no upcoming information on the track titles, singles. The single "Devil's Work" was made available on Spotify on 15 December 2011.
On 19 January 2012, Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe premiered "Paddling Out", the first single from their second album. Subsequently, the band released the song online and also announced concert dates for their North American tour. At the same time, the track list and album cover art of Happy to You were revealed via Amazon UK. On 24 January 2012, another song from the album, called "Black Tin Box", a collaboration with Swedish singer Lykke Li, was presented at Pitchfork. On 9 March Miike Snow visited Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show and debuted a new Happy to You song "Bavarian No. 1 (Say You Will)".
"Paddling Out" was released on iTunes on 13 March 2012 and is featured on the FIFA 13 soundtrack, the Forza Horizon soundtrack, and the new UK Budweiser advert. On 15 March the video for "The Wave", the second single from Happy to You, was released. It was once again directed by Swedish director Andreas Nillson, who also worked on the video for "Paddling Out". Both videos form together a unified story.
iii
In 2013, Wyatt confirmed that Miike Snow had been working on their third album. On 30 October 2015, after a three-year hiatus, Miike Snow returned to making music as a cohesive unit. The trio of pop-progressives returned with a new song entitled "Heart Is Full". Premiered by Zane Lowe on his Beats1 program, "Heart Is Full" served as the first single released in support of the third studio album from the group. On 4 December 2015 they released their second single of the album, "Genghis Khan", which was well-received by critics. Their third studio album, iii, was officially released on 4 March 2016.
The band has promoted the album through multiple live performances, including events like SXSW and a concert series for Jimmy Kimmel Live!. In addition, the band has announced tour dates from 3 March 2016 to 30 July 2016. The tour began in New York City and features shows in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. The dates also include performances at music festivals, including Coachella, the Governors Ball Music Festival and Lollapalooza, as well as others.
Miike Snow co-headlined at the Grand Sierra Resort and Casino in Reno, NV and the Greek Theatre in Berkeley, CA with Phantogram in the summer of 2017. They also performed at the 96.5 The Buzz show in June 2017 with Glass Animals. Headline tour dates with Klangstof supporting were added, as well.
Other activities
On 30 July 2011, the band announced via Twitter that their new record label, Ingrid, founded by Miike Snow, Peter Bjorn and John, Lykke Li, Coco Morier, and Dungen, was open for business.
Artistry
Instruments
The Blob
Miike Snow has expressed a preference for not using laptops when recording and playing music. Thus, in 2011, in anticipation for the Happy to You tour, Miike Snow collaborated with the Swedish electronics lab Teenage Engineering and one of the engineers from Elektronmusikstudion (EMS) to create "The Blob", a 9 ft × 9 ft hexagonal synthesiser The Blob has been introduced by vocalist Wyatt as "Part synthesizer, part testosterone, all headache, ladies and gentlemen, we happily bring you a costly device with planned obsolescence written all over it". consisting of digital samplers and old synthesiser parts, some of which were bought from Giorgio Moroder.
Operated by Karlsson and Winnberg and emblazoned with the band's jackalope logo, the Blob has been used on tours and is known to be able to be taken apart, to facilitate travelling.
Discography
Miike Snow (2009)
Happy to You (2012)
iii (2016)
References
External links
2007 establishments in Sweden
Alternative dance musical groups
Columbia Records artists
Musical groups established in 2007
Musical groups from Stockholm
English-language singers from Sweden
Swedish musical trios
Swedish house music groups
Swedish indie pop groups
Swedish indie rock groups
Swedish synthpop groups
Downtown Records artists
MapleMusic Recordings artists
Snowden EP is the first EP by the band Snowden, released in 2005. It contains early versions of songs which would later be reworked and released on their debut album Anti-Anti, such as "Victim Card" and "Kill the Power", as well as several exclusive songs.
Track listing
"Victim Card"
"Good News"
"Chin Up"
"Kill the Power"
"Come Around"
"Anybody Else"
2005 debut EPs
Jade Tree (record label) EPs
Fudo-ike is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is km2. The dam impounds about 2 ha of land when full and can store 230 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1936.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1936 establishments in Japan
The Honda CBR900RR, or FireBlade in some countries, is a sport bike, part of the CBR series introduced in 1992 by Honda. It was the first of a series of large-displacement Honda models to carry the RR suffix. The development of the first generation CBR900RR was led by Tadao Baba.
History
CBR900RR (893cc) SC28
The first generation CBR900RR was introduced in 1992 with an inline-four engine. It set a precedent for lightweight in the superbike class, being much lighter than other large-displacement bikes of the time. The CBR900RR was based on an advanced research stage model known within Honda as the "CBR750RR". With the objective of equaling the acceleration of competitors' flagship sport bikes, Honda increased the stroke of its inline 4-cylinder 750 cc engine and thus raised displacement to 893cc. Complementing its power performance was the bike's dry weight of just 185 kg, wheelbase of 1,405 mm, and a body almost identical to that of the advanced research stage model. At wet weight, it was by just heavier than the CBR600F2, while the next-lightest over-750cc machine, the Yamaha FZR1000, was heavier by .
Changes for the 1994 model comprise a new shift-drum to improve notchy gear shifts. The second-generation CBR900RR, which debuted in 1995, incorporated changes in damping rates and spring rates. The front fork was upgraded with a compression adjuster. The upper cowl stay went from steel to aluminum, and the cylinder head cover went from aluminum to magnesium. The styling of the bike also became more aggressive: The independent dual lights became irregular-shaped multi-reflector lights known as "fox eyes" set further back and covered to improve aerodynamics, and the bike had fewer of the RR's unique fairing "speed" holes. The footpegs were firmer and slimmer like that of the RC45 and the reversed pedal on the original was replaced with a shift linkage. Instead of measuring speed from the front wheel, the speed is measured from the countershaft sprocket with an electronic speedometer.
CBR900RR (919cc) SC33
1996 brought major changes to the CBR900RR with the third generation CBR900RR. To optimize rigidity Honda revised the suspension and chassis. Larger thinner-walled extrusions for more torsional rigidity were used in the swingarm and frame, revised shock and fork internals, and raised swingarm pivot. The handlebars were raised by and swept back by five degrees to improve the riding position. A 1 mm (0.04 in) bore increase raised the engine displacement to . Other revisions included a smaller alternator, the addition of a throttle position sensor, extra clutch plates, and a larger exhaust.
The only changes for the 1997 model were graphics and color options.
In 1998, Honda continued subtle refinements in the fourth generation CBR900RR's chassis. It got a stiffer frame more like the original, offset on the triple clamp reduced by . Brakes got larger rotors on the front and new calipers and ergonomics were revised with raised footpegs. The engine got revised with 80 percent new internals in an effort to reduce friction and weight. Cylinders bore got an aluminum composites treatment and new pistons. It also got a larger radiator and a new exhaust header in stainless steel.
CBR929RR (929cc) SC44
The fifth-generation CBR900RR, or CBR929RR in North America, was introduced in 2000. It has a completely new engine, more oversquare with lighter internals. The engine also featured fuel injection and larger valves set at a narrower angle. A new all-titanium exhaust system equipped with HTEV was incorporated. The swingarm is mounted to the engine with bracing under the engine. Larger front disk rotors 330 mm mounted were also fitted and the wheel diameter was increased from 16 inches to 17 inches. The new front fork now used upside-down construction.
CBR954RR (954cc) SC50
The sixth generation CBR900RR, or CBR954RR in North America and Japan, was introduced in 2002. The cylinder bore was enlarged from , increasing capacity to . Larger fuel injectors, larger radiator, re-mapped electronic fuel injection, and a more powerful ECU were added. The restyled bodywork and fairings gave a sleeker look. The frame as well as the swingarm were strengthened, and the footpegs raised to allow for greater lean angles. Front disc size increased to 330 mm. Dry weight was reduced to and the wet weight to . Power at the rear wheel is and torque.
John McGuinness won the Macau Grand Prix in 2001 riding a CBR954RR.
Successor
The CBR900RR was replaced by the CBR1000RR in 2004.
Specifications
All specifications are manufacturer claimed unless specified.
References
External links
CBR900RR
Sport bikes
Motorcycles introduced in 1992
Valvettithurai massacre may refer to:
1984 Kokkilai massacres (army), carried out by the Sri Lanka Army in December 1984.
1984 Kokkilai massacre (LTTE), carried out by the LTTE in December 1984.
Tenaliraman may refer to:
Tenali Ramakrishna, a Telugu poet of the 16th century CE
Tenaliraman (film), a 2014 Tamil historical fiction political satire comedy film
Be My Guest is an early Australian television series, which aired weekly on Melbourne station HSV-7 from 30 January 1957 to 24 April 1957. Episodes were 15 minutes in duration (following a 15-minute newscast), and hosted by Eric Pearce. It was likely an interview series, but little is known about it, and it is not known if any kinescope recordings were made of it. However, despite its obscurity, it is notable as an early example of Australian-produced television content.
The series aired at 7:15PM on Wednesdays. The series aired against U.S. series The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok on GTV-9 and U.S. series The Life of Riley (the second version, starring William Bendix) on ABV-2.
References
External links
Seven Network original programming
1957 Australian television series debuts
1957 Australian television series endings
Australian non-fiction television series
Black-and-white Australian television shows
Australian live television series
Australian television talk shows
The 1980–81 season was the North American Soccer League's second indoor soccer season.
Overview
A total of 19 of a possible 21 NASL teams participated. New York and Montreal (who was moving from Philadelphia) were the only hold-outs this indoor season. Just as the season was getting underway, the Jacksonville Tea Men relocated from New England. Teams played an 18-game regular season. The four Canadian teams were realigned into one division and forced to play only one another during the regular season. This was due to early season litigation which restricted NASL teams' travel between the U.S. and Canada. The Edmonton Drillers won the championship in a two-game finals-sweep of the Chicago Sting. This was the Drillers' first, and only, NASL indoor title. Kai Haaskivi of Edmonton won both the regular season and playoff MVP awards.
Regular season
W = Wins, L = Losses, GB = Games Behind 1st Place, % = Winning Percentage, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against
NASL All-Stars
All-star selections were made, by region, by the NASL coaches and general managers. Each voter cast ballots for one goalie and five outfield players regardless of position.
Playoffs
Bracket
1st round
If a playoff series is tied after two games, a 15 minute, tiebreaker mini-game is played.
#Scheduling conflicts at the Portland Coliseum forced both games to be played in Chicago.
Semi-finals
Championship Finals
*Scheduling conflicts at the Northlands Coliseum forced Game 1 of the Finals to be moved across the street to the Edmonton Gardens.
Championship match reports
1980–81 NASL Indoor Champions: Edmonton Drillers
Post season awards
Most Valuable Player: Kai Haaskivi, Edmonton
Finals MVP: Kai Haaskivi, Edmonton
References
NASL Indoor Season, 1980-81
NASL Indoor Season, 1980-81
1981 in Canadian sports
NASL Indoor seasons
Sagkeeng's Finest is an Indigenous Canadian dance troupe that won the first season of Canada's Got Talent in 2012 The trio consists of Brandon Courchene (born 1993 or 1994), Dallas Courchene (born 1995 or 1996), and Vince O'Laney (born 1994), three teenagers from the Sagkeeng First Nation in Manitoba, who perform a blend of traditional Métis jigging with contemporary dance. In their winning performance, the trio danced to a medley of Raghav's "Fire" and Metro Station's "Shake It".
In June 2013, two of the members were arrested by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police for speeding. When the police searched the car, they found 15 grams of cannabis. The police also found brass knuckles. O'Laney was charged with possession of a controlled substance and possession of a prohibited weapon, while Brandon Courchene was charged with possession of a controlled substance. They later apologized to fans in an Facebook post.
References
External links
21st-century Canadian dancers
First Nations dancers
Ojibwe people
People from Northern Region, Manitoba
First Nations in Manitoba
Artists from Manitoba
Sagkeeng people
Canada's Got Talent winners
In mathematics, the Riemann–Siegel formula is an asymptotic formula for the error of the approximate functional equation of the Riemann zeta function, an approximation of the zeta function by a sum of two finite Dirichlet series. It was found by in unpublished manuscripts of Bernhard Riemann dating from the 1850s. Siegel derived it from the Riemann–Siegel integral formula, an expression for the zeta function involving contour integrals. It is often used to compute values of the Riemann–Siegel formula, sometimes in combination with the Odlyzko–Schönhage algorithm which speeds it up considerably. When used along the critical line, it is often useful to use it in a form where it becomes a formula for the Z function.
If M and N are non-negative integers, then the zeta function is equal to
where
is the factor appearing in the functional equation , and
is a contour integral whose contour starts and ends at +∞ and circles the singularities of absolute value at most . The approximate functional equation gives an estimate for the size of the error term. and derive the Riemann–Siegel formula from this by applying the method of the steepest descent to this integral to give an asymptotic expansion for the error term R(s) as a series of negative powers of Im(s). In applications s is usually on the critical line, and the positive integers M and N are chosen to be about . found good bounds for the error of the Riemann–Siegel formula.
Riemann's integral formula
Riemann showed that
where the contour of integration is a line of slope −1 passing between 0 and 1 .
He used this to give the following integral formula for the zeta function:
References
Reprinted in Gesammelte Abhandlungen, Vol. 1. Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1966.
External links
Zeta and L-functions
Theorems in analytic number theory
Bernhard Riemann
The PH Grand Piano is a grand piano model designed in 1930 by Danish architect and writer Poul Henningsen.
The design was the result of a commission from a Danish piano manufacturing company called Andreas Christensen that terminated piano production decades ago. The PH Grand Piano is on display in several museums of art and design, including the Metropolitan Museum in New York and the Danish Design Museum in Copenhagen. It was also used by Alvar Aalto for the music room in his Villa Mairea.
In 1935 Poul Henningsen (PH) designed the PH Pianette and PH continued the piano design with the PH Bow Grand Piano from 1937 as well as the PH Upright Piano in 1939.
Today, all piano models designed by Poul Henningsen are put in production by the Danish company ToneArt A/S (PH Pianos) that holds the world wide, exclusive rights to produce, market and sell all PH Pianos under license of the Poul Henningsen family. On behalf of ToneArt A/S a few models of the PH Grand Piano are being produced by the German piano manufacturer Blüthner.
All the PH Pianos are illustrated and documented in the publication: PH Furniture & Pianos - The Revival of Poul Henningsen Design Classics. The book was published in March 2020 (read the book under the external link for the official website of PH Pianos).
See also
Danish modern
References
External links
Official website
Piano
Poul Henningsen
Danish design
1931 in Denmark
Südliche Weinstraße (; ) is a district (Kreis) in the south of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from west clockwise) Südwestpfalz, Bad Dürkheim, the district-free city Neustadt (Weinstraße), Rhein-Pfalz-Kreis, Germersheim, and the French département Bas-Rhin. The district-free city Landau is surrounded by the district.
History
On May 27, 1832 the Hambacher Fest took place in the castle of Hambach, an event which marks the beginning of the German democracy. The district was formed in 1969 by merging the districts Landau and Bergzabern. At first the name of the new district was Landau-Bad Bergzabern, it was renamed to Südliche Weinstraße in 1978.
Geography
The district is named after the first touristic route built in Germany in the 1930s, the German Wine Route (Deutsche Weinstraße). It starts in Bockenheim an der Weinstraße, goes through Bad Dürkheim, Deidesheim, and after 85 kilometers ends in Schweigen-Rechtenbach (near Bad Bergzabern).
The river Lauter forms part of the boundary with France in the south.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms is very similar to the one of the previous district Landau. In the top-left is the lion of the Electorate of the Palatinate. The white bar in the middle symbolizes the Weinstraße, the touristic route which gave the district its name. The bottom-right show two bunches of grapes, again symbolizing the route. The cross stands for Speyer, as the diocese of Speyer owned land in the district historically. The crown in the middle is taken from the coat of arms of the Bad Bergzabern district, symbolizing the Trifels and Annweiler areas.
Towns and municipalities
See also
Südliche Weinstraße Wildlife Park
References
External links
Districts of Rhineland-Palatinate
South Palatinate
Anterior Palatinate
Cotoneaster elegans is a plant species in the genus Cotoneaster found in dense forests (2000–3000 m) in Guizhou and Sichuan, China.
References
elegans
Flora of China
Plants described in 1962
DXCX (88.9 FM), broadcasting as Radyo ni Juan 88.9, is a radio station owned and operated by Rizal Memorial Colleges Broadcasting Corporation. Its studios and transmitter are located in Purok Cayambanan, Brgy. Grino, Tacurong.
On October 30, 2019, station manager Benjie Caballero was shot outside his home by two gunmen on a motorcycle. He died a month later due to pneumonia.
References
Radio stations established in 2019
Thick as Thieves is Cavo's second major label (and third studio) album, released on April 10, 2012 on Eleven Seven.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
http://www.cavomusic.com/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPI_Vdwe_5M&feature=relmfu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtxJmbxI-84
2012 albums
Cavo albums
Eleven Seven Label Group albums
"Let It Roll" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida from his fourth studio album, Wild Ones. The song was written by Earl King, Mike Caren, soFLY & Nius, Flo Rida, Axwell, Breyan Isaac, Antonio "Jovii Hendrix" Mobley and produced by soFLY & Nius and Axwell. Part two of the song features American rapper Lil Wayne and is featured on the soundtrack of the football video game FIFA 13. It was also performed on the 2012 edition of the WWE Tribute to the Troops event. Part one also appears as DLC in Dance Central 3, which was released on 2012. The song appeared on The CW TV Now promo.
The song samples a portion of Freddie King's version of the Earl King song "Come On (Let the Good Time Roll)" (1974). The chorus is derived in part from Earl King's original, which Jimi Hendrix famously covered. Hendrix is referenced in the lyrics.
Track listing
Music video
A music video for the song was released on November 26, 2012 directed by Jessy Terrero.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2011 songs
Flo Rida songs
Song recordings produced by SoFly and Nius
Songs written by Axwell
Songs written by Breyan Isaac
Music videos directed by Jessy Terrero
Songs written by Mike Caren
Songs written by Antonio Mobley
2013 singles
Songs written by Lil Wayne
Atlantic Records singles
Bernhard Gothic is a family of geometric sans serif typeface designed by Lucian Bernhard in 1929 for the American Type Founders (ATF). Five variations by Bernhard were introduced over two years:
Bernhard Gothic Medium (1929)
Bernhard Gothic Light (1930)
Bernhard Gothic Light Italic (1930)
Bernhard Gothic Medium Italic (1930)
Bernhard Gothic Heavy (1930)
Bernhard Gothic Extra Heavy (1931)
A final member of the family, Bernhard Gothic Medium Condensed, was introduced by ATF in 1936, but it is unclear as to who the designer was.
Bernhard Gothic is more organic and less regular than other geometric sans-serif typefaces, including Futura, Kabel, and Twentieth Century, showing influence of Bernhard's earlier more expressionistic faces. It is a "spurless" design, similar to the contemporary Semplicità and Universal Grotesk and more recently FF Dax, in which strokes end without terminals. This gives an effect of modernism, detached from handwriting conventions.
Hot metal copies
Intertype's 1936 copy was called Greeting Gothic.
Digital copies
Digital copies are available from Elsner+Flake, Font Company, URW++, Berthold, Spiece Graphics, Monotype Imaging and FontHaus.
References
External links
Fonts in Use
American Type Founders typefaces
Geometric sans-serif typefaces
Typefaces and fonts introduced in 1930
Letterpress typefaces
Digital typefaces
Typefaces designed by Lucian Bernhard
Causal decision theory (CDT) is a school of thought within decision theory which states that, when a rational agent is confronted with a set of possible actions, one should select the action which causes the best outcome in expectation. CDT contrasts with evidential decision theory (EDT), which recommends the action which would be indicative of the best outcome if one received the "news" that it had been taken.
While these two theories agree in many cases, they give different verdicts in certain philosophical thought experiments. For example, CDT prescribes taking both boxes in Newcomb's paradox, while EDT recommends taking only one box.
Informal description
Informally, causal decision theory recommends the agent to make the decision with the best expected causal consequences. For example: if eating an apple will cause you to be happy and eating an orange will cause you to be sad then you would be rational to eat the apple. One complication is the notion of expected causal consequences. Imagine that eating a good apple will cause you to be happy and eating a bad apple will cause you to be sad but you aren't sure if the apple is good or bad. In this case you don't know the causal effects of eating the apple. Instead, then, you work from the expected causal effects, where these will depend on three things: (1) how likely you think the apple is to be good and how likely you think it is to be bad; (2) how happy eating a good apple makes you; and (3) how sad eating a bad apple makes you. In informal terms, causal decision theory advises the agent to make the decision with the best expected causal effects.
Formal description
In a 1981 article, Allan Gibbard and William Harper explained causal decision theory as maximization of the expected utility of an action "calculated from probabilities of counterfactuals":
where is the desirability of outcome and is the counterfactual probability that, if were done, then would hold.
Difference from evidential decision theory
David Lewis proved that the probability of a conditional does not always equal the conditional probability . (see also Lewis's triviality result) If that were the case, causal decision theory would be equivalent to evidential decision theory, which uses conditional probabilities.
Gibbard and Harper showed that if we accept two axioms (one related to the controversial principle of the conditional excluded middle), then the statistical independence of and suffices to guarantee that . However, there are cases in which actions and conditionals are not independent. Gibbard and Harper give an example in which King David wants Bathsheba but fears that summoning her would provoke a revolt.
Further, David has studied works on psychology and political science which teach him the following: Kings have two personality types, charismatic and uncharismatic. A king's degree of charisma depends on his genetic make-up and early childhood experiences, and cannot be changed in adulthood. Now, charismatic kings tend to act justly and uncharismatic kings unjustly. Successful revolts against charismatic kings are rare, whereas successful revolts against uncharismatic kings are frequent. Unjust acts themselves, though, do not cause successful revolts; the reason uncharismatic kings are prone to successful revolts is that they have a sneaky, ignoble bearing. David does not know whether or not he is charismatic; he does know that it is unjust to send for another man's wife. (p. 164)
In this case, evidential decision theory recommends that David abstain from Bathsheba, while causal decision theory—noting that whether David is charismatic or uncharismatic cannot be changed—recommends sending for her.
When required to choose between causal decision theory and evidential decision theory, philosophers usually prefer causal decision theory. Due to a survey among professional philosophers published in 2021, 27.1% of philosophers chose EPT while 29.9% of them chose CPT.
Criticism
Vagueness
The theory of causal decision theory (CDT) does not itself specify what algorithm to use to calculate the counterfactual probabilities. One proposal is the "imaging" technique suggested by Lewis: To evaluate , move probability mass from each possible world to the closest possible world in which holds, assuming is possible. However, this procedure requires that we know what we would believe if we were certain of ; this is itself a conditional to which we might assign probability less than 1, leading to regress.
Counterexamples
There are innumerable "counterexamples" where, it is argued, a straightforward application of CDT fails to produce a defensibly "sane" decision. Philosopher Andy Egan argues this is due to a fundamental disconnect between the intuitive rational rule, "do what you expect will bring about the best results", and CDT's algorithm of "do whatever has the best expected outcome, holding fixed our initial views about the likely causal structure of the world." In this view, it is CDT's requirement to "hold fixed the agent's unconditional credences in dependency hypotheses" that leads to irrational decisions.
An early alleged counterexample is Newcomb's problem. Because your choice of one or two boxes can't causally affect the Predictor's guess, causal decision theory recommends the two-boxing strategy. However, this results in getting only $1,000, not $1,000,000. Philosophers disagree whether one-boxing or two-boxing is the "rational" strategy. Similar concerns may arise even in seemingly-straightforward problems like the prisoner's dilemma, especially when playing opposite your "twin" whose choice to cooperate or defect correlates strongly, but is not caused by, your own choice.
In the "Death in Damascus" scenario, an anthropomorphic "Death" predicts where you will be tomorrow, and goes to wait for you there. As in Newcomb's problem, we postulate that Death is a reliable predictor. A CDT agent would be unable to process the correlation, and may as a consequence make irrational decisions: "You should rather play hide-and-seek against someone who cannot predict where you hide than against someone who can. Causal Decision Theory denies this. So Causal Decision Theory is false."
Recently, a few variants of Death in Damascus have been proposed in which following CDT's recommendations voluntarily loses money or, relatedly, forgoes a guaranteed payoff. One example is the Adversarial Offer: "Two boxes are on offer. A buyer may purchase one or none of the boxes but not both. Each of the two boxes costs $1. Yesterday, the seller put $3 in each box that she predicted the buyer not to acquire. Both the seller and the buyer believe the seller's prediction to be accurate with probability 0.75." Adopting the buyer's perspective, CDT reasons that at least one box contains $3. Therefore, the average box contains at least $1.50 in causal expected value, which is more than the cost. Hence, CDT requires buying one of the two boxes. However, this is profitable for the seller.
Another recent counterexample is the "Psychopath Button":
Paul is debating whether to press the ‘kill all psychopaths' button. It would, he thinks, be much better to live in a world with no psychopaths. Unfortunately, Paul is quite confident that only a psychopath would press such a button. Paul very strongly prefers living in a world with psychopaths to dying. Should Paul press the button?
According to Egan, "pretty much everyone" agrees that Paul should not press the button, yet CDT endorses pressing the button.
Philosopher Jim Joyce, perhaps the most prominent modern defender of CDT, argues that CDT naturally is capable of taking into account any "information about what one is inclined or likely to do as evidence". This interpretation of CDT would require solving additional issues: How can a CDT agent avoid stumbling into having beliefs related to its own future acts, and thus becoming provably inconsistent via Gödelian incompleteness and Löb's theorem? How does the agent standing on a cliff avoid inferring that if he were to jump, he would probably have a parachute to break his fall?
Alternatives to causal and evidential decision theory
Some scholars believe that a new decision theory needs to be built from the ground up. Philosopher Christopher Meacham proposes "Cohesive Expected Utility Maximization": An agent "should perform the act picked out by a comprehensive strategy which maximizes cohesive expected utility". Meacham also proposes this can be extended to "Global Cohesive Expected Utility Maximization" to enable superrationality-style cooperation between agents. In the context of AI, bitcoin pioneer Wei Dai proposes "updateless decision theory", which adds to globally cohesive mechanisms the admittedly difficult concept of "logical counterfactuals" to avoid being blackmailed:
Consider an agent that would pay up in response to a counterfactual blackmail. The blackmailer would predict this and blackmail the agent. Now, instead, consider an agent that would refuse to pay up in response to a counterfactual blackmail... The blackmailer would predict this too, and so would not blackmail the agent. Therefore, if we are constructing an agent that might encounter counterfactual blackmail, then it is a better overall policy to construct an agent that would refuse to pay up when blackmailed in this way.
This has been partially formalized into "Functional Decision Theory".
It is an open question whether a satisfactory formalization of logical counterfactuals exists.
See also
Decision making
Evidential decision theory
Expected utility hypothesis
Game theory
Newcomb's paradox
Notes
External links
Causal Decision Theory at the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
The Logic of Conditionals at the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Mehdi Attar-Ashrafi (Persian: مهدی عطار اشرفی‎; 23 December 1948 – 9 January 2021) was an Iranian middleweight weightlifter. He won a bronze medal at the 1974 Asian Games and a silver at the 1979 Asian Championships and competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1948 births
2021 deaths
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Weightlifters at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
Samar Yazbek (, born 1970 in Jableh, Syria) is a Syrian writer and journalist. She studied Arabic literature at Latakia University. She has written in a wide variety of genres - novels, short stories, film scripts, television dramas, film and TV criticism, literary narratives. Several of her works have been translated from the Arabic original into other languages.
Biography
In 2010, Yazbek was selected as one of the 39 most promising authors under the age of 40, by Beirut39, a contest organized by the Hay Festival. In 2011, she took part in the popular uprising against the Assad regime, and was forced into exile a few months later. In 2012, she was chosen for the prestigious PEN/Pinter Prize International writer of courage award, in recognition of her book A Woman in the Crossfire: Diaries of the Syrian Revolution. She was also awarded the Swedish Tucholsky Prize and the Dutch Oxfam/PEN prize in the same year. In 2016 Yazbek's literary narrative The Crossing was awarded the French “Best Foreign Book” prize.
Yazbek also participated in the Syrian cultural caravan, which was an artistic and cultural movement led by Syrian artists that started with a project called "Freedom for the Syrian People" and involved a road trip across Europe.
Works
Yazbek has been a prominent voice in support of human rights and more specifically women's rights in Syria. In 2012, she launched Women Now for Development, an NGO based in France that aims at empowering Syrian women economically and socially.
Awards & Distinctions
2016 Best Foreign Book award for The crossing (France)
2013 PEN-OXFAM Novib award for A Woman in the Crossfire: Diaries of the Syrian Revolution (The Netherlands)
2012 PEN Tucholsky award for A Woman in the Crossfire: Diaries of the Syrian Revolution (Sweden)
2012 PEN Pinter award for A Woman in the Crossfire: Diaries of the Syrian Revolution (UK)
2010 Selected in the Beirut 39, Hay festival selection of outstanding writers under 40 (Beirut)
2000 UNICEF, Best literary scenario award to “A falling sky” (TV script)
Other publications
“Silence”, PEN Atlas, February 2014
“I write with blind eyes and forty fingers”, Index on censorship (UK), December 2014
“On two and a half years of massacre in Syria”, SvD (Sweden) & FAZ (Germany), September 2013
“Syria's inferno”, Le Nouvel Observateur, bibliobs (France), September 2013
“The novelist vs. the revolutionary: My own Syrian debate”, Washington Post (USA), September 2013
“In the shadow of Assad's bombs”, The New York Times, OpEd (USA), August 2012
“Two men”, The Guardian (UK), August 2011
References
Syrian novelists
Syrian women short story writers
Syrian short story writers
Syrian journalists
Syrian women journalists
1970 births
Living people
Syrian feminists
Oxfam Novib/PEN Award winners
Syrian dissidents
Syrian Alawites
21st-century Syrian women writers
21st-century Syrian writers
Gnorismoneura chyta is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish brown with a slight cinnamon hue, suffused brown along the dorsum and tinged greyish in the terminal third. The hindwings are blackish brown.
Etymology
The name is derived from Greek chytos (meaning effusive).
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Minuscule 621 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), O 46 (von Soden), is a Greek diglot minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. The manuscript is lacunose. Tischendorf labeled it by 154a and 187p.
Description
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Epistle to the Romans, and 1 Corinthians 1:1-15:45 on 164 parchment leaves (size ) with large lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, 36 lines per page.
It contains Prolegomena, tables of the (tables of contents) before each book, and lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use). It has a commentary.
The order of books: Book of Acts, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles. On the list of the Pauline epistles the Hebrews is placed before First Epistle to Timothy.
Text
Aland placed the Greek text of the codex in Category III.
History
F. H. A. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 15th century. C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 14th century. Actually the INTF dated the manuscript much earlier, to the 11th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Johann Martin Augustin Scholz. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.
Formerly it was labeled by 154a and 187p. In 1908 Gregory gave the number 621 to it.
The manuscript currently is housed at the Vatican Library (Vat. gr. 1270), in Rome.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Greek New Testament minuscules
11th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Vatican Library
Travis O'Neel (October 27, 1978 – June 24, 2015) was an American college football player and schoolteacher. He attended the University of North Dakota where he played as a linebacker for the North Dakota Fighting Sioux and
was a captain of the 2001 national championship football team. He led the national title team in tackles and was a two-time Academic All-NCC selection. Head coach Bubba Schweigert described O'Neel as "one of our all-time greats." In 1999, Travis was named to the Sophomore All-America Team by USA Football.
After graduation from University of North Dakota, O'Neel began teaching in various parts of the world. He worked at the Lincoln School in Costa Rica, Ruamrudee International School in Bangkok, Thailand, and International School Manila in the Philippines.
O'Neel died in a motorbike accident on June 19, 2015, in Bangkok, Thailand. In the accident, O'Neel suffered two broken shins, a broken femur, a broken hip, a broken arm and a significant head injury to both his skull and brain. He left behind a wife and two young sons. U.S. Geological Survey glaciologist Shad O'Neel is Travis O'Neel's brother.
In a newscast, FOX9 News in Minneapolis claimed The University of North Dakota planned to create a Travis O'Neel Scholarship Fund to honor his life.
References
1978 births
2015 deaths
American football linebackers
American schoolteachers
North Dakota Fighting Hawks football players
Road incident deaths in Thailand
Players of American football from Minnesota
Gauri Viswanathan (born November 5, 1950) is an Indian American academic. She is the Class of 1933 Professor in the Humanities and Director of the South Asia Institute at Columbia University.
Biography
Viswanathan was born on November 5, 1950, in Kolkata, the daughter of UN officials. She earned her bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of Delhi and her doctorate from Columbia University. Her research has focused on nineteenth-century British and colonial cultural studies.
She is the author of Masks of Conquest: Literary Study and British Rule in India (1989), which won the James Russell Lowell Prize from the Modern Language Association, and Outside the Fold: Conversion, Modernity, and Belief (1998), which won the Harry Levin Prize awarded by the American Comparative Literature Association. She also received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1990 and was a Mellon Fellow in 1986.
References
Living people
Columbia University faculty
Delhi University alumni
Columbia University alumni
1950 births
People from Kolkata
American academics of Indian descent
Vera Fedorovna Matyukh (1910-2003) was a Russian artist of German origin.
She was born in Berlin and lived there until the age of 13. She then moved to Russia and studied art in Kharkiv in the late 1920s with Vasili Ermilov. She lived and worked in Leningrad in the 1930s. She was influenced by Russian avant-garde movements such as Constructivism and artists such as Mikhail Matyushin, Pavel Filonov, Kazimir Malevich and her mentor Pavel Kondratiev. She also studied with Lev Yudin, Konstantin Rozhdestvensky, Georgi Vereisky and Nikolai Tyrsa.
After the war, she was a member of the Leningrad Experimental Graphics Workshop along with Aleksandr Vedernikov, Boris Ermolaev, and Anatoli Kaplan. She was known as a master of coloured lithography. In 1961, Eric Estorick brought the works of the LEGL school to the world's attention through famous exhibitions in London and New York.
Her works are held in museum collections including the State Russian Museum, State Tretyakov Gallery, St. Petersburg History Museum, Museum of St. Petersburg Art of the 20-21st Centuries, Anna Akhmatova Museum in the Fountain House, Tsarskoselskaya Kolleksiya Museum, Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Derfner Judaica Museum, The Art Museum at Hebrew Home at Riverdale, NY, etc.
The St. Petersburg art historian, Nikolai Kononikhin, has written a book on her life and times, tited Faith: The Life and Creativity of Vera Matyukh, with the support of the Frants Art Foundation.
References
Russian artists
1910 births
2003 deaths
Donald John Shepherd (12 August 1927 – 18 August 2017) was a Welsh cricketer, who played for Glamorgan. One of the great county bowlers, he took more first-class wickets – 2,218 – than any other player who never played Test cricket.
Career
Shepherd began his county career in 1950 as a fast-medium bowler, and was a regular in the Glamorgan team in 1952, when he took 120 wickets.
Over the next three seasons, however, he was less successful and appeared to lose some control. Under advice from team-mates, he switched late in 1955 to bowling off-cutters – off-breaks with a pronounced undercut delivered at almost medium pace. The move was an instant success. In 1956, Shepherd took 177 wickets, more than any other player in that English first-class season, and he took more than 100 wickets in 12 seasons in all. On bad wickets, he could be devastating; on good wickets, his accuracy and the speed of delivery meant that he was usually economical.
Shepherd maintained his fitness into his mid-forties, and was an integral part of the Glamorgan side that won the County Championship in 1969. He was rewarded by being named as a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1970, and he celebrated that accolade by taking more wickets, 106, in the 1970 season than any other player in the English first-class game. His tally from a career spanning 23 summers (1950–72) included 28 instances of ten or more in a match and 123 of five or more in an innings.
In a batting side that included some real rabbits – Jeff Jones, Ossie Wheatley – Shepherd batted perhaps higher up the order than he might have in other teams. He averaged less than 10 runs per innings and reached 50 just five times. He could play big shots however and, in 1961, he scored 51 in 15 minutes against the Australians at Swansea, reaching that score with just 11 scoring strokes, six sixes, three fours, a two and a single. Also in 1961, against Derbyshire at Cardiff, he made his top score of 73, hitting six sixes in reaching his 50 in 16 minutes. He took nine wickets when Glamorgan beat the 1964 Australians at Swansea, and captained Glamorgan to victory against the 1968 Australians, again at Swansea.
Later life
Shepherd played regularly to the end of the 1971 season, and then retired from first-class cricket after a few games in 1972. He often appeared as a summariser on BBC Radio Wales coverage of Glamorgan matches.
He died on 18 August 2017, soon after his 90th birthday.
References
External links
1927 births
2017 deaths
English cricketers
Welsh cricketers
Commonwealth XI cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
Wisden Cricketers of the Year
Cricketers from Swansea
People educated at Gowerton Grammar School
Players cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
North v South cricketers
T. N. Pearce's XI cricketers
Damber Dutta Bhatta (born 1970) is a Nepalese boxer. He competed in the men's light flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, he lost to Mark Epton of Great Britain.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Nepalese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Nepal
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Light-flyweight boxers
Gillian Fiona Laundon (7 May 1938 – 8 February 1984) was a New Zealand-based mycologist with a focus on plant pathology and taxonomy, and pioneering trans activist.
Life and career
Born Geoffry Frank Laundon on 7 May 1938 in Kettering, England to parents Frank and Marjorie, Laundon was educated at the University of Sheffield, receiving a B.Sc. honours degree (second class, 1st division) in Botany in 1959. Later in 1959 she became an assistant mycologist (later mycologist) at the Commonwealth Mycological Institute and specialised on rust fungi. In 1963 she married Margaret Keay Cox, and over the next several years had three children with her. In 1965 she emigrated to New Zealand and became mycologist at the Plant Health & Diagnostic Station at Levin, New Zealand and continued to research the taxonomy and nomenclature of rusts.
Scientific contribution
Laundon specialised on rust fungi (Urediniomycetes), first publishing new species in 1963. Among her most important contributions was a new system of spore terminology published in 1967, which was controversial at the time but was generally accepted by the time of her death. Laundon was an active member of the International Association for Plant Taxonomy and was on the Special Committee for Fungi and Lichens for a number of years, served on four international committees dealing with fungus nomenclature, and was invited to investigate the nomenclature of rust genera and write a chapter for Index Nominum Genericorum. Laundon was the first to realise there were two species involved when the poplar rusts were first found in New Zealand in 1972, a claim not verified until samples of the spores were examined with an electron microscope. She made significant contributions to the known plant pathogens in New Zealand, publishing many first reports of fungal diseases.
Laundon's interests were broader than just mycology. She designed and built a light meter that could be used for taking photographs through a microscope, and light incubators for a mycology laboratory, as well as learning to programme computers.
Over her career she collected at least 211 specimens and identified 539 that are in formal herbaria or culture collections. She also had the species Phoma laundoniae named in her honour.
Trans Activism
Laundon was an early member of "Hedesthia," one of the first recorded trans organisations in New Zealand (founded 1972). She was an active member, often writing into Hedesthia's newsletter, initially called S-E-L-F and later Trans-Scribe. In an article written in 1976, Laundon explained how internalised queerphobia - which she defines as the "fairly common belief that intersexuals, transsexuals, transvestites, fetishists and homosexuals are all one in the same thing, and are all 'disgusting'" - often caused trans people to isolate themselves. She emphasised the importance of trans friendships:Simply to meet others and see just how normal and decent they really are, and to see what they have achieved in bringing out their real selves, can be a revelation, and this can help towards self-acceptance, which, if you think about it, may be YOUR greatest problem. Laundon also underlined the lengths Hedesthia went to, to preserve their members' privacy - this included an extensive vetting process.
TransFormation
Hedesthia was primarily a social organisation, and Laundon felt that there was a need for a "bureau of information" specifically geared towards supporting transsexuals. Working under the name Gillian Cox, Laundon and her wife Margaret Cox founded "TransFormation," in 1976.
TransFormation and Hedesthia worked closely alongside one another, sharing information and resources, as well as teaming up to send publicity and form relationships with a variety of organisations across the country, including gay activist and social groups, public libraries, universities, and various community support organisations. Laundon and Cox were encouraged by a grant of $50 from the Mental Health Foundation in 1977, which while not a large sum, provided the "first 'Official' recognition of the integrity of our service."
Coming Out
In 1977, in a highly unusual step at the time, Laundon publicly announced her gender transition in a scientific journal, taking the name Gillian Fiona Laundon, while still continuing with her research. Throughout this transition she had the support of her wife and their children and colleagues.
Laundon was working as a public servant during this time, and with support from the Public Services Association (PSA), she successfully lobbied the State Services Commission (SSC) for access to all women's bathrooms in her department. Although a minority of her coworkers opposed this, she generally enjoyed "tremendous support." By 1978 she had won her case, however the SSC did not implement any guidelines, and discrimination was still rife in the public service. Writing in the PSA's Public Service Journal, Laundon expressed dismay that another colleague should be subjected to a vote by her colleagues over whether she should be able to use the women's toilets:No doubt her colleagues will say 'what about our rights?' But how does a transexual's use of the female facilities threaten them in any significant way. They on the other hand threaten her sanity, and perhaps even her very life through their attitudes towards her.Laundon sought to educate her colleagues about the prejudice trans people faced, and implored them to show compassion.
References
New Zealand mycologists
20th-century New Zealand scientists
1938 births
1984 deaths
LGBT scientists
Transgender women
People from Kettering
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
English emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand taxonomists
LGBT people from England
LGBT people from New Zealand
20th-century LGBT people
Lambert C. Mims (April 20, 1930 – November 25, 2008) was a politician and author who for two decades was a member of the City Commission of Mobile, Alabama (1965-1985). During this period, he also served co-terminously in several one-year terms as the commission's president and city's mayor. Deeply religious, he saw morality as a cornerstone of Mobile's community. His two decades in public service were overshadowed by a controversial corruption conviction in 1990.
Early life and education
Born on a farm in Uriah, Monroe County, Alabama, in 1930. His ancestors moved from South Carolina in the early 1800s, founding what was known as Fort Mims in what became Baldwin County, Alabama.
Career
Too young to serve in World War II, Mims moved to growing Mobile, Alabama when he was 19. After working as a salesman, Mims co-founded the Phillips-Mims Feed and Flour Company. In 1965, he started his own wholesale feed and flour company, Mims Brokerage.
Also in 1965, a year of racial divisiveness in Mobile as the Civil Rights era began, Mims ran successfully for public works commissioner of Mobile, one of the three-member city commission from which members rotated one year terms serving as Mobile's mayor. Mims won re-election four times, thus serving 20 years on the commission and several terms as mayor.
Mims was a member of Riverside Baptist Church on Dauphin Island Parkway (AL 163), and espoused public morality. In 1969 Mims published For Christ and Country, which in part decried "moral pollution" rather than environmental pollution as degrading the community. Thus he passed a local anti-pornography resolution and also shut down a play he considered too racy but being performed at the University of South Alabama, which had been created during his lengthy tenure. With federal and state assistance Mobile also completed the George Wallace Tunnels and the Interstate 10 Bayway, rebuilt Fort Conde, and the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway linked Mobile to the Tennessee River system including north Alabama.Mims also helped Mobile recover following the devastation of Hurricane Frederic in 1979.
At-large voting controversy
Even before the riots which followed the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968, Mims became known for clashing with the Neighborhood Organized Workers, a group of young African Americans including future city councilor Fred Richardson who opposed the gradualist policies of fellow-commissioner-until-1969 Joseph N. Langan and John LeFlore, a postal worker who had organized the local NAACP branch decades earlier.
Ultimately African Americans filed several lawsuits against to city in the 1970s, of which Wiley Bolton v. City of Mobile (concerning at-large voting's effect diluting African American voting rights) went to trial twice, as well as reached the U.S. Supreme Court in Mobile v. Bolden. After the first trial and decision by U.S. District Judge Virgil Pittman favored the black plaintiffs, the "Constitutional Crisis Committee" asked for the judge's impeachment, and Mims offered to sign the impeachment petition, but the city attorney advised against it. Although the Fifth Circuit upheld Judge Pittman, the United States Supreme Court reversed the judgment in Mobile v. Bolden, prompting a second hearing before Judge Pittman. Judge Pittman had postponed the 1977 city election, allowing the Mims and his two fellow committeemen elected in 1973 to remain in office.
Ultimately, a "smoking gun" letter was discovered and admitted into evidence—written by Mobile lawyer and Congressman Frederick G. Bromberg to the Alabama legislature in 1909 it indicated the purpose of the at-large system was to prevent blacks from holding office. Both Commissioners Mims and Greenough promised not to appeal the second Bolden decision if the city lost, although Commissioner Robert Doyle avoided the issue. Ultimately, Doyle won re-election directly in 1981, and both Mims and Greenough won in runoffs.
The second Bolden decision, issued on April 15, 1982 also favored the plaintiffs. On January 31, 1983, rather than appeal, all parties agreed to a settlement whereby the next election for city office would be based on districts rather than at-large. The Alabama legislature passed appropriate legislation and 72% of state voters on May 15, 1985 approved switching to a Mayor-council government. Three African Americans were elected among the 7 new districts, the first blacks to serve in Mobile's government since Reconstruction.
Thus, Mims became the last mayor of Mobile to govern through the non-partisan city commission system which dated from 1911. In 1985 Mims chose against running for mayor or a seat representing one of the new districts.
Indictment and conviction
In 1989, Mims, a Democrat, entered the race for mayor, still considered a non-partisan position, against his former fellow-commissioner and by then Republican mayoral incumbent Arthur R. Outlaw. Shortly afterwards, he was charged in three counts of a 35-count racketeering indictment by Jeff Sessions, then U.S. attorney for the United States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama (from 1981 to 1994). The charges concerned negotiations that had taken place four years earlier, when Mims was still in office, for the construction of a trash-to-steam energy plant that was never built. Mims claimed that Republicans had timed the charges to halt his political campaign, and called them "a satanic attack." After a trial with four co-defendants in April 1990, a jury convicted Mins of two counts of extortion in violation of the Hobbs Act. After serving 46 months of a 10-year prison sentence, Mims was paroled in 1997. He filed a civil suit that year to have his sentence vacated, but was unsuccessful.
Later life
In his final years, Mims ran a real estate business in Mobile and continued civic participation through the Waterfront Rescue Mission, as well as assisting at local nursing homes and other charitable institutions. In 2005, Mims self-published his autobiography, Mayor on a Mission: From the Cotton Patch to City Hall.
Death and legacy
Mims died of natural causes on November 25, 2008. He donated his papers to the University of South Alabama.
Bibliography
For Christ and Country, Old Tappan, N.J., 1969)
Mayor on Mission: From the Cotton Patch to City Hall, Coral Springs, Fla., 2005 (, )
References
1930 births
2008 deaths
People from Monroe County, Alabama
Mayors of Mobile, Alabama
20th-century American politicians
Jaime Jonathan Barría Soto (born July 18, 1996) is a Panamanian professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Barría signed with the Angels as an international free agent in 2013. He made his MLB debut in 2018.
Career
Minor leagues
Barría signed with the Los Angeles Angels for $60,000 as an international free agent in 2013. He made his debut that same year with the Dominican Summer Angels of the Rookie-level Dominican Summer League, pitching in five innings and giving up six earned runs. He returned there in 2014 where he improved, going 4-4 with a 3.03 earned run average (ERA) in 16 games (eight starts). In 2015 he played for both the Arizona Angels of the Rookie-level Arizona League and the Orem Owlz of the Advanced Rookie-level Pioneer League, pitching to a combined 5-4 record and 4.02 ERA in 15 games (14 starts). He pitched in 2016 for the Burlington Bees of the Class A Midwest League and was named the Angels' Pitching Prospect of the Year by MLBPipeline.com after he compiled an 8-6 record and 3.85 ERA with a 1.32 WHIP in 25 starts.
Barría began the 2017 season with the Inland Empire 66ers of the Class A-Advanced California League. The Angels promoted him to the Mobile BayBears of the Class AA Southern League on June 4, and to the Salt Lake Bees of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League for his final three starts of the year. In 26 starts between the three clubs, he went 7-9 with a 2.80 ERA. He was selected to appear in the All-Star Futures Game. The Angels added Barría to their 40-man roster after the season.
Barría began the 2018 season with Salt Lake.
Major leagues
After he made one start for the Bees in 2018, the Angels promoted Barría to the major leagues on April 11, 2018, to make his debut against the Texas Rangers.
On April 22, 2018, Barria faced Brandon Belt of the San Francisco Giants who had an at bat that lasted 21 pitches before ending with a fly out to right field, breaking the MLB record for most pitches to a single batter in a single at bat. On the season, Barría started 26 games for the Angels, going 10-9 with a 3.53 ERA with 98 strikeouts in innings. He was the fifth-youngest player in the AL. In 2020, he went 1-0 in 7 games (5 starts).
References
External links
1996 births
Arizona League Angels players
Burlington Bees players
Dominican Summer Angels players
Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino players
Living people
Los Angeles Angels players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Panama
Mobile BayBears players
Orem Owlz players
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in the United States
Salt Lake Bees players
Sportspeople from Panama City
Tigres del Licey players
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Minuscule 620 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 207 (von Soden), is a Greek–Latin diglot minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. The manuscript is lacunose. Tischendorf labeled it by 149a, 349p, and 180r.
Description
The codex contains the text of the Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles, and Book of Revelation on 150 parchment leaves (size ) with some lacunae. Written in two columns per page, 32 lines per page. Everything is written in abbreviations. It contains subscriptions at the end of each book with numbers of .
The order of books: Catholic epistles, Book of Revelation, and Pauline epistles. Hebrews is placed after Epistle to Philemon.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Johann Martin Augustin Scholz, who slightly examined its text in Book of Acts. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886. The Greek text of Apocalypse was examined by Herman C. Hoskier.
Formerly it was labeled by 149a, 349p, and 180r. In 1908 Gregory gave the number 620 to it.
The manuscript currently is housed at the Laurentian Library (Conv. Soppr. 150), at Florence.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Minuscule 619
References
Further reading
Herman C. Hoskier, Concerning the Text of the Apocalypse: Collation of All Existing Available Greek Documents with the Standard Text of Stephen's Third Edition Together with the Testimony of Versions, Commentaries and Fathers. vol. 1 (London: Bernard Quaritch, Ltd., 1929), pp. 595 f.
Greek New Testament minuscules
12th-century biblical manuscripts
Computer literacy is defined as the knowledge and ability to use computers and related technology efficiently, with skill levels ranging from elementary use to computer programming and advanced problem-solving. Computer literacy can also refer to the comfort level someone has with using computer programs and applications. Another valuable component is understanding how computers work and operate. An individual's level of computer literacy is measured on the scale of the how skilled they are when it comes to using computers and other related tools in achieving a goal. Computer literacy may be distinguished from computer programming, which primarily focuses on the design and coding of computer programs rather than the familiarity and skill in their use. Various countries, including the United Kingdom and the United States, have created initiatives to improve national computer literacy rates.
Background
Computer literacy differs from digital literacy, which is the ability to communicate or find information on digital platforms. Comparatively, computer literacy measures the ability to use computers and to maintain a basic understanding of how they operate.
A person's computer literacy is commonly measured through questionnaires, which test their ability to write and modify text, trouble-shoot minor computer operating issues, and organize and analyze information on a computer.
To increase their computer literacy, computer users should distinguish which computer skills they want to improve, and learn to be more purposeful and accurate in their use of these skills. By learning more about computer literacy, users can discover more computer functions that are worth using.
Arguments for the use of computers in classroom settings, and thus for the promotion of computer literacy, are primarily vocational or practical. Computers are essential in the modern-day workplace. The instruction of computer literacy in education is intended to provide students with employable skills.
Rapid changes in technology make it difficult to predict the next five years of computer literacy. Computer literacy projects have support in many countries because they conform to general political and economic principles of those countries' public and private organizations. The Internet offers great potential for effective and widespread dissemination of knowledge and for the integration of technological advances. Improvements in computer literacy facilitate this.
History
The term "computer literacy"" is usually attributed to Arthur Luehrmann, a physicist at Dartmouth College who was a colleague of Kemeny and Kurtz who introduced the BASIC programming language in 1964. Luehrmann became a tireless advocate of computers in teaching. At an April 1972 American Federation of Information Processing Societies (AFIPS) conference, Luehrmann gave a talk titled "Should the computer teach the student, or vice-versa?" The paper is available online. In it he notes:
In 1978, Andrew Molnar was director of the Office of Computing Activities at the National Science Foundation in the United States. Shortly after its formation, computer literacy was discussed in several academic articles. In 1985 the Journal of Higher Education asserted that being computer literate involved mastering word processing, spreadsheet programs, and retrieving and sharing information on a computer.
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, a number of prominent video game developers emerged in the late 1970s and early 1980s. The ZX Spectrum, released in 1982, helped to popularize home computing, coding and gaming in Britain and Europe.
The BBC Computer Literacy Project, using the BBC Micro computer, ran from 1980 to 1989. This initiative educated a generation of coders in schools and at home, prior to the development of mass market PCs in the 1990s. 'Bedroom computer innovation' led to the development of early web-hosting companies aimed at businesses and individuals in the 1990s.
The BBC Computer Literacy Project 2012 was an initiative to develop students' marketable information technology and computer science skills.
Computer programming skills were introduced into the National Curriculum in 2014.
It was reported in 2017 that roughly 11.5 million United Kingdom citizens did not have basic computer literacy skills. In response, the United Kingdom government published a 'digital skills strategy' in 2017.
First released in 2012, the Raspberry Pi is a series of low-cost single-board computers originally intended to promote the teaching of basic computer science in schools in the UK. Later, they became far more popular than anticipated, and have been used in a wide variety of applications. The Raspberry Pi Foundation promotes the teaching of elementary computer science in UK schools and in developing countries.
United States
In 1978, the National Science Foundation put out a call to educate young people in computer programming. To introduce students to computing, the U.S. government, private foundations and universities combined to fund and staff summer programs for high school students.
Students in the United States are introduced to tablet computers in preschool or kindergarten. Tablet computers are preferred for their small size and touchscreens. The touch user interface of a tablet computer is more accessible to the under-developed motor skills of young children. Early childhood educators use student-centered instruction to guide the young student through various activities on the tablet computer. This typically includes Internet browsing and the use of applications, familiarizing the young student with a basic level of computer proficiency.
A concern raised within this topic of discussion is that primary and secondary education teachers are often not equipped with the skills to teach basic computer literacy.
In the United States job market, computer illiteracy severely limits employment options. Non-profit organizations such as Per Scholas attempt to reduce the divide by offering free and low-cost computers to children and their families in under-served communities in South Bronx, New York, Miami, Florida, and in Columbus, Ohio.
Worldwide Computer Literacy Rates
Computer literacy world averages, as determined by The World Economic Forum found that the OECD countries are not as computer literate as one would expect since 25% of individuals do not know how to use a computer, at least 45% rate poorly and only 30% rate as moderately to strongly computer literate.
See also
Digital divide
Digital literacy
Information literacies
Transliteracy
Web literacy
Computers
BBC Micro
OLPC XO
Raspberry Pi
Initiatives
BBC Computer Literacy Project 2012
European Computer Driving Licence
One Laptop per Child
References
Further reading
Purton is a hamlet on the west bank of the River Severn, in the civil parish of Lydney in Gloucestershire, England. It lies opposite the village of Purton near Berkeley on the east bank of the river.
The name of the place derives from the Old English pirige tun, meaning "pear orchard". It was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
Purton was a small port, and there was a ferry across the river, Purton Passage, to the other Purton by 1282. In the late 18th and early 19th century, there was also a ford across the river here. In 1325 the rights to the passage belonged to the lord of Purton manor. In 1574 a three-quarter share in the passage was sold by Thomas Morgan to Sir William Winter. The Winter family acquired the other quarter share and leased the passage, as well as Purton Manor, to the Donning family before 1607. From 1726 onwards Martin Inman and his family continued as lessees for the next 150 years, operated the passage with a number of boats and kept the Passage House Inn.
When a large rock was removed from the river bed, on the Berkeley side, in 1740, the river shifted its channel; as a result only a single crossing could be made each day and trade diminished. The river had returned to its old channel ten years later, but the passage was damaged by a further shift in 1761. In the late 18th century and the early 19th the river was often forded at Purton, but some people, misjudging the tide times, were drowned. The ferry continued in use until 1879, when it was replaced by the Severn Railway Bridge.
Purton Manor, which stands on a cliff overlooking the Severn, dates back to the 16th century. The manor farmhouse of a Grade II* listed building.
References
Hamlets in Gloucestershire
Lydney
Forest of Dean
Christmas is an uncommon English-language surname. The origin is uncertain; some genealogy books state that it was given to people born near Christmas, while this is disputed by researchers, and DNA tests performed on men with the surname show that the majority of those descend from a common ancestor. Others suggest it was given to people who organised Christmas festivities, or has a Norman origin. Most prominent in Southern England, various notable people from around the world have had the surname, and it has been given to a number of fictional characters. The William Faulkner character Joe Christmas, from Light in August, has a much-discussed name. The blood disorder Christmas disease or haemophilia B was first described in (and named for) a boy with the surname and is observed in other people of the name.
Etymology
The linguistic etymology of the English word "Christmas" is from Middle English "Crīstes mæsse", referring to the mass of (Jesus) Christ; the word "Crīstes" comes from the Greek "Chrīstos", "Χριστός". The word "Christmas", used to denote the celebration of the nativity of Jesus on 25 December, appeared around the 12th century.
Origin
There is no certain origin of Christmas as a surname. Some books state that the name was originally given to those born on or near Christmas, indicating "one born at Christmas", either directly as a surname or initially as a byname or given name which became a patronymic and then an inherited surname. Charles Wareing Endell Bardsley, writing in the 1870s, noted that Noel had been a common given name for boys born on Christmas, but as the French meaning became obscured in England, the name Christmas replaced it. By the 1990s, the given name Christmas had been replaced by Noel again, when used in this way. Bardsley did report finding record of a child named Christmas unrelated to the season: having the surname Day, his parents had given him the name to make him Christmas Day. Genealogical researcher Henry Christmas contends that the "one born at Christmas" proposal is "too easy" and does not make sense with the rareness and localization of the surname.
Records stating the "one born at Christmas" origin include A Dictionary of English and Welsh Surnames (1896) by Bardsley and Surnames of the United Kingdom (1912) by Henry Harrison. The earliest record of this origin is in Patronymica Britannica (1860) by Mark Antony Lower, which sources it to speculation by Tudor historian William Camden, stating: "CHRISTMAS, CHRISMAS. Originally imposed, Camden thinks, as a baptismal name, in consequence of the individual having been born on the day of the festival."
In 2005, geneticists in Oxford led by Bryan Sykes found that, of a selection of men with the surname, 70% were descended from one 13th-century Yorkshireman. Henry Christmas traced lineage of the surname; spelt "Chrystmasse" in the earliest records he found, he suggested that it is Norman in origin. In The Norman People and Their Existing Descendants in the British Dominions and the United States of America (1874), published by Henry Samuel King, the surname is said to be a direct translation of the French surname Noel.
The Dictionary of American Family Names (2003) by Patrick Hanks notes two origins of the surname: given to someone with a relation to Christmas, e.g. a leader of festivities, and a translation of French Noel.
History
The name is principally found in Essex and Sussex counties in England; in Henry B. Guppy's 1890 Homes of Family Names in Great Britain it is described as an "ancient name" in this area, also present in Cambridgeshire, surviving into the 13th century as "Cristemasse". Guppy notes that John Crystmasse was a nobleman of the area in 1433. The name has been recorded with spellings "Cristemass" in 1185 and 1191, and "Cristesmesse" in 1308. The Norman People notes a Richard Christmasse in 1272. Hanks also noted the name as pertaining to Southern England, but found an established family in County Waterford, Ireland, in 1622.
During the time of James I, Gerard or Garrett Christmas and his sons, John and Matthew, were involved in producing entertainment. They were trained carvers but, thanks to their craft, also staged the Lord Mayor's Show annual pageants for the Lord Mayor of London, with royal approval. Their positions cumulatively lasted for twenty-one years, and their work was well-respected. In the 17th century, a Thomas Christmas was a trumpeter in Charles II's court; he and another Christmas from Waterford have their names written as "Christmas" in a royal record printed in 1691, while the celebration itself is written with the spelling "Christmass". A different Thomas Christmas, whose will was dated 1520, was a merchant and major philanthropist in Colchester.
In the 20th century, William Herbert Turner compiled two volumes of Christmas families based in South Carolina and the East Coast of the United States.
Christmas disease
The blood disorder haemophilia B is also known as Christmas disease, named after Stephen Christmas, the first patient described with the condition; the Journal of Haemophilia Practice said that Stephen Christmas's parents, in naming him Stephen and his brother Robin with the surname Christmas, had a sense of humour. Other men named Christmas have been found to have the condition, which is inherited. A deficiency of Factor IX, or: the Christmas factor, also named for Stephen Christmas, causes Christmas disease. The condition was first published in a journal at Christmas, leading some to assume it was offensively named for the holiday and demand its name be changed. As a result, the condition is now formally known as haemophilia B.
Notable persons with the surname Christmas
Art Christmas (1905–1961), Canadian jazz saxophonist
Cecil Christmas (1886–1916), English footballer
Celestina Christmas (1827–1859), English murderer (as Celestina Sommer)
Dani Christmas (born 1987), British racing cyclist and former runner
David Christmas (born 1969), English cricketer
Demarcus Christmas (born 1995), American football player
Dionte Christmas (born 1986), American professional basketball player
Edward A. Christmas (1903–1969), American horse trainer
Eric Christmas (1916–2000), British actor
Ernst William Christmas (1863–1918), Australian painter
George R. Christmas (born 1940), American Marine Corps general
Henry Christmas (1811–1868), English Anglican priest
Jarred Christmas (born 1980), New Zealand-born British comedian
John Christmas (born 1969), American former banker and writer
Johnny Christmas (born 1982), lacrosse player for Philadelphia Wings
Julie Christmas (born 1975), American heavy metal singer
Karima Christmas (born 1989), American female professional basketball player
Keith Christmas (born 1946), English singer songwriter
Lee Christmas (1863–1924), American mercenary
Mary Christmas, American magazine editor
Rakeem Christmas (born 1991), American college basketball player
Randy Christmas (1920–1969), Mayor of Miami, Florida
Ruth Christmas (1904–2001), English middle-distance runner
Stephen Christmas (1947–1993), for whom the blood clotting protein Factor IX was named
Steve Christmas (born 1957), American Major League Baseball player
William Christmas (Kilmallock MP) (1734–1803), Irish politician, MP for Kilmallock 1776–1783
William Christmas (Waterford MP) (1798–1867), Irish politician, Conservative Party MP for Waterford City
William Whitney Christmas (1895–1960), American aviation pioneer and designer of the Christmas Bullet aircraft
Fictional characters with the name Christmas
Joe Christmas (see below), a character in William Faulkner's novel Light in August
Lee Christmas, played by Jason Statham, a member of the Expendables in the movie franchise of the same name
Lloyd Christmas, played by Jim Carrey, one of the main characters in the Dumb and Dumber movie franchise
Miss Merry Christmas, member of Baroque Works from the manga series One Piece
Rev. Tom Christmas, protagonist of C. C. Benison's Father Christmas Mystery series of books
The Christmas family in 2021 holiday movie Father Christmas Is Back
An unseen character named U.S. Christmas is referred to in the 1973 movie, Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid
Joe Christmas
Faulkner's character of Joe Christmas has a lot of his identity based on his name. The name had been given to him when he was left at an orphanage on Christmas, but he claims it over the surname of his foster father. Scholarly researcher Owen Robinson wrote that "the self represented by the name "Christmas" is the very core of Joe's largely inarticulate being"; he quoted Alfred Kazin stating that, because of its lack of personal identity, the name Joe Christmas "is worse than any real name could be". Robinson argues that choosing to claim a lack of identity embodies the character's approach to matters, and this plays an important role in driving the narrative. The story also contains racial conflict, with Joe Christmas's ambiguity a main issue; again, his name is used to define him, when another character asks "Did you ever hear of a white man named Christmas?" on page twenty-nine. There is also religious conflict, with Joe Christmas's foster father at one point describing his surname as sacrilegious. Some scholars have compared Joe Christmas to Jesus Christ.
See also
Christmas (disambiguation)
Christ (surname)
List of mayors of Waterford, several of whom were named Christmas
Surnames which mean "Christmas" in other languages:
Božić
Di Natale
Juhl
References
External links
Christmas Families Home Page Retrieved April 2, 2013
Christmas Family History at AncientFaces.com Retrieved April 2, 2013
Christmas
Guindapunan is a barangay in the municipality of Daram on the island of Samar in the Philippines. Precinct COMELEC Code Number 60250021.
History
Guindapunan has primary education, but intermediate education students enroll at Bulao Elementary School on the nearby island of Samar.
Elected officials
Barangay Captain:
Lolito Tamor - Captain
Newly Elected Barangay Captain:
Mateo R. Bentillo - Brgy. Chairman/Captain
Councilors
Name
The town of Guindapunan was named after a brook flowing into a main river in the area.
Location
Said barangay is about 5 kilometers away from the town of San Jorge, going east. It is bounded in the north by Gandara River(Brgy. Proper) in the east by Brgy. Buenavista, to the south are mountain ranges and a portion of Brgy. Anquiana, to the west by the Municipality of San Jorge and Brgy. La Paz.
Main Source of Livelihood
Guindapunanons are mostly farmers who sustain themselves by planting rice, corn, coconut, root-crops and other vegetables. Those who do not have any land, which can be farmed, work as labourers on the other plantations. There is an existing irrigation system in the area which is of little practical use due to the fact that there is no defined group to operate and take charge of the operation and maintenance of the system. If a system of operation and maintenance were organised, it would contribute greatly to the lives of the local farmers. Most farmers are practicing the old fashioned way of cultivating their fields. Rice is grown twice a year but the harvest is minimal. There are also farmers who harvest more, but these are the ones who have greater capital to invest in their businesses. Vegetable production at one time boomed in the area, but due to unorganised production, the production has failed because of rivalry and envy between the farmers. The people on the island are not yet ready for large scale production of goods as well as services.
References
Barangays of Samar (province)
Timothy Williams (born July 30, 1967) is an American actor and screenwriter.
Career
Williams was born in Richmond, Virginia. By the time he was a teenager, he had entered the world of live theater in New York City, winning parts in several plays that ran at Joseph Papp's Public Theater. It was there he performed in original plays with Fisher Stevens and Keith Gordon. He also appeared in productions at the New York Theater Ensemble with Daniel Stern and John Randolph, and wrote his own stage play, No Title (Yet), which had a run of performances at the Stella Adler Conservatory in the spring of 1983, directed by Ron Burrus.
In December 1983, Williams moved to Los Angeles to seek television and film work. By 1985 he had landed guest roles on primetime series such as Cagney & Lacey and Simon & Simon, and appeared in the TV movies Club Med, Welcome Home, Bobby and Disney's Splash Too. However, it was his repeat guest turn on Cheers starting in 1986 that garnered him notoriety, in which he played Anthony Tortelli, the son of Cheers waitress Carla Tortelli (Rhea Perlman). In late 1986, after a year and a half of Cheers guest appearances, Williams was moved, along with fellow guest stars Dan Hedaya and Jean Kasem, into the spin-off series The Tortellis. The show not only provided Williams with his first regular series role, but it also gave him his first television writing job; he wrote the series' twelfth (and next-to-last) episode, "Innocent as Charged". The Tortellis was cancelled by NBC in the spring of 1987 after 13 episodes.
Williams soon continued his TV series writing when he was hired by another Paramount-produced sitcom, the Showtime series Brothers. Williams wrote eight episodes of Brothers, and served as a script consultant for the next two seasons, until the series ended production in the spring of 1989. For the show's final season, Williams took a regular on-screen role as Mike Chandler, a young lawyer who becomes the steady boyfriend of Penny Waters (Hallie Todd).
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Williams wrote for additional TV series such as Normal Life, Married People, Bobby's World, Big Brother Jake, Richie Rich (11 episodes), and Salute Your Shorts. He also continued acting in guest appearances on Saved by the Bell, Doogie Howser, M.D., Crusade and Coach.
Williams was also the "ghostwriter" of several books, including My So-Called Career in Hollywood, a darkly comedic autobiography of ill-fated 1960's TV writer Ellery Klass, and I Am Not Lost in Space!, a tie-in novelization based on the original Lost in Space TV series. Williams also penned movie tie-in novels for the films Born to Be Wild and Running Free. In 2005 and 2007, he was the winner of the Governor's Screenwriting Competition. His 2005 winning entry, Nunley, was acquired by producer Bernard Williams and his 2007 winning entry, The Way Things Turn was acquired by producers Gross-Weston.
In 2012, Williams' screenplay Tell was purchased by American Film Productions, with J.M.R Luna set as director. The film, starring Milo Ventimiglia, Jason Lee and Katee Sackhoff, was released by Orion Pictures in 2014.
Tell was released on DVD and Blu-ray in March 2017.
In 2018 his Hallmark teleplay A Lot Like Christmas was put in development by producer Christina DeRosa.
References
American male television actors
1967 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
Male actors from Richmond, Virginia
Ask-wee-da-eed is a Native American mythological figure of the Algonquin Abenaki people. It is an embodiment of fire associated with comets and meteors. and brings bad luck and misfortune.
References
Abenaki mythology
Alfio Misaggi (born 7 February 1959) is an Italian former water polo player. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics, the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Genoa
The rivière des Poitras is a tributary of the south bank of the Morigeau River which flows on the south-eastern bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny) ; the latter flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
The Poitras river flows in the municipalities of Saint-Pierre-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud and Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Poitras river are:
north side: Morigeau River, rivière du Sud (Montmagny), Bras Saint-Nicolas, St. Lawrence River;
east side: rivière des Perdrix, Bédule stream, Bras Saint-Nicolas;
south side: Noire River (South River tributary), rivière du Sud (Montmagny);
west side: rivière du Sud (Montmagny).
The Poitras river has its source near a country road, in the western part of the municipality of Saint-Pierre-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud, at south of the village of Montmagny and east of the hamlet of Morigeau.
From its source, the Poitras river flows in parallel, on the south side of the Morigeau River. The course of the river descends on , divided into the following segments:
west in Saint-Pierre-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud, up to the municipal limit of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud;
west, to a country road;
north-west, up to its confluence.
The Poitras river flows on the south-eastern shore of the Morigeau River. This confluence is located at north-east of the Martineau hamlet.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière des Poitras was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Amadas is a medieval English chivalric romance.
Amadas may also refer to:
People
Elizabeth Amadas (died 1532), a lady at the royal court of King Henry VIII of England
John Amadas (by 1489 – 1554/55), an English politician
Philip Amadas (1565–?), a naval commander and explorer in Elizabethan England
Robert Amadas (before 1490 – 1532), a London Goldsmith
Other uses
Amadas Coach, an American designer and builder of luxury motorhomes
Granotoma kobelti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Description
The shell much resembles that of Curtitoma trevelliana (Turton, 1834), but the body whorl is relatively larger. The sculpture is easily distinguished by the very irregular strength of the spiral lines, and the siphonal canal is also more open than in C. trevelliana. The protoconch is smooth and mammiform, and the first whorl has two spiral ribs.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Arctic region and off Lapland.
References
Verkrüzen T.A. 1876. Bela Kobelti n. sp. Nachrichtsblatt der deutschen Malakozoologischen Gesellschaft. Achter Jahrgang. Mittheilungen aus dem Gebiete der Malakozoologie, 8(2): 17-18
Kobelt, Jahrb. Mal. Gesell. 1876, pag. 178, PI. IV, fig. 5.
Friele, Nordhavns Exp. Moll., vol. 2, 1886, p. 13, PL 8, fig. 15.
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1–1295.
Merkuljev A.V. (2017). Taxonomic puzzle of Propebela arctica (A. Adams, 1855) (Gastropoda, Mangeliidae) - six different species under single name. Ruthenica. 27(1): 15–30
kobelti
Gastropods described in 1876
Heydarabad-e Sohrab (, also romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Sohrāb) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 28 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Aramis [1989] 1 Lloyd's Rep 213 is an English case, relevant for the concept of an implied contract.
It has been superseded by Equitable Life v Hyman and AG of Belize v Belize Telecom Ltd.
Facts
The case concerned the question whether a contract could be implied between the transferee of a bill of lading to whom the goods had been delivered and the carrier. Prior to the Carriage of Goods By Sea Act 1992 the implication of such a contract was necessary if the transferee and the carrier were to have rights enforceable between themselves in respect of, for example, damage to the goods or the payment of freight.
Judgment
Bingham LJ considered the authorities at some length to see how the implication of contracts in this field had grown and developed. He cited with approval from the judgment of May LJ in The Elli which said,
Bingham LJ then continued himself to say,
See also
Blackpool and Fylde Aero Club Ltd v Blackpool BC
Baird Textile Holdings Ltd v Marks & Spencer plc [2001] EWCA Civ 274
Attorney General of Belize v Belize Telecom Ltd
References
Citations
United Kingdom labour case law
English contract case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1989 in case law
1989 in British law
Taylorville is a small town on the banks of the Grey River, It is roughly 10 kilometers from the mouth of the river in Greymouth
The local Taylorville swimming hole is popular for swimming and dog-walking, but West Coast Regional Council advises against swimming in it after heavy rain due to elevated levels of E. coli.
Taylorville is also right next to the historic Brunner Mine site.
Taylorville used to be connected to Wallsend, located on the opposite side of the Grey River, with a suspension bridge for pedestrians providing a connection. The bridge washed away in the 1960s.
References
Grey District
Populated places in the West Coast, New Zealand
Bill Butt is a British filmmaker, artist/designer, television director, writer and producer. Butt produced the Eyewitness television series during the 1990s and has directed music videos and designed album covers.
History
Butt was lighting engineer for Echo & the Bunnymen, a Liverpool band managed by Bill Drummond. In 1981 Butt filmed the band's "Shine So Hard" performance, and in 1982 he was chosen to direct the videos for the Bunnymen's album Porcupine.
Butt worked with Drummond again, filming "The Manager" (released on CD in 1987), and with Drummond's band The KLF, being credited as the director of their films, Waiting and the unfinished road movie The White Room.
Butt produced the Eyewitness'' television series during the 1990s.
External links
Bill Butt Filmography at the British Film Institute
Bill Butt at Discogs.com
References
British television producers
British filmmakers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Imbokodvo National Movement (INM) was a political party in Swaziland (since 2018 renamed to Eswatini) that existed from 1964 until 1973 when political parties were banned. The party was formed by the Swazi National Council, which was the advisory body to King Sobhuza II. It won the first democratic election in Swaziland held in 1967. The party also won the second parliamentary election in 1972. The INM effectively ceased to exist after the banning of political parties in 1973 after the annulment on the constitution and the introduction of a decree in the country.
Electoral history
House of Assembly elections
References
1964 establishments in Swaziland
1973 disestablishments in Swaziland
Banned political parties
Defunct political parties in Eswatini
Monarchist parties
Political parties disestablished in 1973
Political parties established in 1964
Charles Dennington (born 7 October 1899, died 1943) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Born in Beccles, Dennington played for Norwich City, Bradford City and Kirkley. He joined Norwich from his home town club, Beccles Town, and made his debut in a 1–1 draw against Queens Park Rangers in the Third Division (South) in August 1922, establishing himself as the Canaries' first choice ahead of William O'Hagen and Ernest Williamson. He missed just twenty League games over the next five seasons and became the first goalkeeper to play one hundred League matches for the club. After playing in Norwich's 5–2 home win against Watford on 2 May 1929, he was immediately transfer-listed for 'intemperate habits'. He played once more, in a 2–2 draw against Newport County, before being sold to Bradford City for £500, ten days later. There, he made 18 Football League appearances, before signing for non-league Kirkley, and then returning to Beccles. He played in the Suffolk Senior Cup Final with Kirkley in 1935, losing 3–1 to Newmarket Town, before finishing his career at Gorleston.
Sources
Davage, Mike (2002). Canary Citizens. Jarrold Publishing. .
References
1899 births
Year of death missing
English footballers
Norwich City F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Kirkley & Pakefield F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
The hairy-crested antbird (Rhegmatorhina melanosticta) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The hairy-crested antbird is a specialist ant-follower that relies on swarms of army ants to flush insects and other arthropods out of the leaf litter.
The hairy-crested antbird was described by the English ornithologists Philip Sclater and Osbert Salvin in 1880 and given the binomial name Pithys melanosticta. The present genus Rhegmatorhina was introduced by the American ornithologist Robert Ridgway in 1888. The specific epithet melanosticta is from the Ancient Greek melanostiktos meaning "black-spotted". It combines melas meaning "black" and stiktos meaning "spotted".
References
Further reading
hairy-crested antbird
hairy-crested antbird
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
hairy-crested antbird
hairy-crested antbird
hairy-crested antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Sinhala: විදේශ කටයුතු අමාත්‍යාංශය Vidhesha Katayuthu Amathyanshaya; Tamil: வெளிநாட்டலுவல்கள் அமைச்சு) (also known as the Foreign Ministry or External Affairs Ministry) is a cabinet ministry of the Government of Sri Lanka responsible for conducting and managing Sri Lanka's foreign relations through oversight of its missions abroad via the Sri Lanka Overseas Service, as well as drafting and general implementation of the nation's foreign policy.
History
The ministry was formally established in 1948 following the independence of Ceylon as the Ministry of External Affairs and Defence, coming under the direct control of the Prime Minister of Ceylon. In 1977 the government led by J.R Jayawardena divided the ministry in two, forming the Ministry of Defence and the Ministry of External Affairs. A.C.S Hameed was appointed as the first minister of External Affairs on 23 July 1977.
Overseas missions
The ministry has 65 overseas missions including 13 High Commissions, a Deputy High Commission, 37 Embassies, 2 Permanent Representations to the United Nations, 11 consulates and a representative office. It provides consular assistance to Sri Lankans traveling, working and studying overseas.
Divisions
General Administration Division
Overseas Administration Division
Consular Affairs Division
Protocol Division
Public Diplomacy Division
Economic Affairs Division
Finance Division
IT Division
Legal Division
United Nations and Multilateral Affairs Division
South Asia and SAARC Division
Middle East and Africa Division
Europe, Americas and CIS Division
East Asia and Pacific Division
Ministers of Foreign Affairs
Permanent Secretaries
Bernard Tilakaratna, SLOS
Rodney Vandergert, SLOS
Wilhelm Woutersz, SLOS
R. C. Vendargart, SLOS
Lionel Fernando, SLAS
G. Wijesiri, SLOS
Nihal Rodrigo, SLOS
B. A. B. Goonetilleke, SLOS
H. M. G. S. Palihakkara, SLOS
Dr. Palitha T.B. Kohona
Karunatilaka Amunugama, SLOS
Kshenuka Seneviratne, SLOS
Esala Weerakoon, SLOS
Prasad Kariyawasam, SLOS
Ravinatha Aryasinha, SLOS
Jayanath Colombage, SLOS
Aruni Wijewardane
See also
Foreign relations of Sri Lanka
Ministries of Sri Lanka
References
External links
Government of Sri Lanka
Official Website of Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Permanent Mission of Sri Lanka to the United Nations Office at Geneva
The Lakshman Kadirgamar Institute of International Relations and Strategic Studies
A Sri Lankan Diplomatic Success Story in the 18th Century
Foreign Affairs
Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka, Foreign Affairs
Rancho Murieta Airport is a public-use airport located one mile (1.6 km) west of the central business district of Rancho Murieta, in Sacramento County, California, United States. It is privately owned by Rancho Murieta Airport Inc.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, Rancho Murieta Airport is assigned RIU by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft
Rancho Murieta Airport covers an area of which contains one asphalt paved runway (4/22) measuring 3,800 x 75 ft (1,158 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2002, the airport had 27,500 aircraft operations, an average of 75 per day: 96% general aviation and 4% air taxi. There are 64 aircraft based at this airport: 80% single engine, 8% multi-engine, 11% helicopters, and 2% ultralight.
References
External links
Airports in Sacramento County, California
San Joaquin Valley
Olesin (, Olesyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gorzków, west of Krasnystaw, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Olesin
Con-way, Inc. (NYSE: CNW) was an American multinational freight transportation and logistics company headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States. With annual revenues of $5.5 billion, Con-way was the second largest less-than-truckload transport provider in North America, with additional operations for global contract logistics, managed transportation, truckload and freight brokerage. The company's services were sold through its primary operating companies of Con-way Freight, Con-way Truckload and Menlo Worldwide. These operating units provided less-than-truckload (LTL), full truckload and multimodal freight transportation, as well as logistics, warehousing and supply chain management services. Con-way, Inc. and its subsidiaries operated from more than 500 locations across North America and in 20 countries.
The company was known as Consolidated Freightways, Inc. until 1996 when it spun off its long-haul trucking subsidiaries, CF MotorFreight and four others, into a separate, independent company which took the name Consolidated Freightways Corporation. The parent company was renamed CNF Transportation Inc. at the time of the split and retained a set of LTL subsidiaries which had been operating under the name Con-way as well as its other logistics and freight forwarding subsidiaries. The spinoff long-haul business, Consolidated Freightways Corporation, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on September 3, 2002, and ceased operations.
In 2006, CNF rebranded itself Con-way, Inc. On September 9, 2015, it announced it was being acquired by XPO Logistics. The sale was completed on October 30, 2015 and the Con-way brand had been retired by May 9, 2017.
History
Con-way's heritage dated from 1929, when industry pioneer Leland James founded an intercity trucking company in Portland, Oregon. Initially named Consolidated Truck Lines, the company grew from a one-truck operation into one of the largest long-haul carriers in the United States by the early 1980s, and became one of the few freight transportation firms to originate in the West and successfully expand eastward. Consolidated headquarters were moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in the 1950s.
In 1996, Consolidated's unionized long-haul trucking company, CF MotorFreight, was spun off as Consolidated Freightways, Inc., creating two separate publicly traded companies. Consolidated Freightways, Inc. was renamed CNF Transportation, Inc., reflecting the familiar stock ticker symbol of the company (CNF).
Consolidated Freightways Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on September 3, 2002, and ceased operations.
In 2006, the CNF Transportation changed its name to Con-way, Inc, and the company's NYSE stock ticker was changed from CNF to CNW.
In 2007, Con-way acquired Contract Freighters, Inc. (CFI), a privately held North American truckload carrier based in Joplin, Missouri, in a transaction valued at $750 million. Founded in 1951, CFI operated more than 2,600 tractors and more than 7,000 trailers, with more than 3,000 employees including approximately 2,500 drivers that serve customers throughout North America.
Con-way moved its headquarters from San Mateo, California to Ann Arbor, Michigan in 2011.
On September 9, 2015, Con-way announced it was being acquired by XPO Logistics, and the sale was completed on October 30, 2015.
Company structure
Con-way, Inc. was the parent company for five wholly owned subsidiaries:
Con-way Freight
Con-way freight provided less-than-truckload service across North America.
Con-way Truckload
Con-way Truckload, since acquired by TFI International in 2016 renamed Contract Freighters, Inc. (CFI), provided full truckload shipping across the United States, Mexico and Canada.
Con-way Enterprise Services
Con-way Enterprise Services was the administrative and information technology division of Con-way, Inc., and was based in Portland, Oregon.
Menlo Worldwide Logistics
Menlo Worldwide Logistics designed and implemented logistics solutions across the globe.
Con-way Manufacturing
Con-way Manufacturing, formerly Road Systems, Inc., was a trailer refurbishing and manufacturing company that supplied trailing equipment to the company's trucking fleets.
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Former components in the Dow Jones Transportation Average
Trucking companies of the United States
Companies based in Ann Arbor, Michigan
2015 mergers and acquisitions
Transport companies established in 1929
1929 establishments in Oregon
Transportation companies based in Oregon
Transportation companies based in Michigan
Leo Dillon (March 2, 1933 – May 26, 2012) and Diane Dillon (née Sorber; born March 13, 1933) were American illustrators of children's books and adult paperback book and magazine covers. One obituary of Leo called the work of the husband-and-wife team "a seamless amalgam of both their hands". In more than 50 years, they created more than 100 speculative fiction book and magazine covers together as well as much interior artwork. Essentially all of their work in that field was joint.
The Dillons won the Caldecott Medal in 1976 and 1977, the only consecutive awards of the honor. In 1978 they were runners-up for the Hans Christian Andersen Award for children's illustrators; they were the U.S. nominee again in 1996.
Biography
Leo Dillon, of Trinidadian immigrant parentage, was born and raised in East New York. He enlisted in the Navy for three years' service so that he could attend art school. He credited his interest in art and his inspiration to become an artist to his friend and mentor, Ralph Volman. Diane Sorber hails from the Greater Los Angeles Area where her interest in art was encouraged early by her mother, who was a pianist. The couple met at the Parsons School of Design in New York City in 1953 — where they "became instant archrivals and remained together from then on". They graduated in 1956 and married the next year. This union resulted in an artistic collaboration, which the couple described as a third artist. Diane Dillon explained this in an interview through these words: “We could look at ourselves as one artist rather than two individuals, and that third artist was doing something neither one of us would do. We let it flow the way it flows when an artist is working by themselves and a color goes down that they didn't quite expect and that affects the next colors they use, and it seems to have a life of its own.”
An association with writer Harlan Ellison led to jobs doing book covers for his short story collections and both cover and interior woodcut illustration for his anthology Dangerous Visions. They illustrated a large number of mass market paperback book covers for the original Ace Science Fiction Specials, for which they won their first major award, science fiction's 1971 Hugo Award for Best Professional Artist. A detailed biography and introduction to their work and styles were written by Byron Preiss in a book he edited in 1981, entitled The Art of Leo & Diane Dillon. They once described their work as incorporating motifs derived from their respective heritages. This can be demonstrated in their work for Margaret Musgrove's Ashanti to Zulu, which used tribal motifs and combined historical with contemporary styles.
On May 28, 2012, Ellison reported on his website his reception of a phone call from Diane announcing Leo's death at the age of 79 from lung cancer two days prior. Spectrum Fantastic Art, an annual art competition and art book project of which the couple were general managers, confirmed Leo's death on its website. The obituary of Leo in The New York Times praised the Dillons jointly as "one of the world's pre-eminent illustrators for young people, producing artwork — praised for its vibrancy, ecumenicalism and sheer sumptuous beauty — that was a seamless amalgam of both their hands", also noting the ethnoracial diversity of characters in the Dillons' work in the 1970s, "until then, the smiling faces portrayed in picture books had been overwhelmingly white."
The Dillons had one surviving son. Lee (Lionel John Dillon III), born 1965, became an artist and collaborated with his parents several times, including the illustrations for Pish, Posh, Said Hieronymus Bosch by Nancy Willard (1991). Both Leo and Diane lived in the Cobble Hill neighborhood at the time of Leo's death.
Picture books illustrated by Leo and Diane Dillon
1970 The Ring in the Prairie, written by John Bierhorst / Dial Press
1972 Honey, I Love, Eloise Greenfield / Viking
1973 Blast Off, Linda C. Cain and Susan Rosenbaum / Xerox
1974 Whirlwind Is a Ghost Dancing, compiled by Natalia Maree Belting / Dutton
1974 Songs and Stories from Uganda, W. Moses Serwadda, Hewitt Pantaleoni / World Music Press
1974 The Third Gift, Jan R. Carew / Little Brown
1975 The Hundred Penny Box, Sharon Bell Mathis / Viking
1975 Song of the Boat, Lorenz B. Graham / Crowell
1976 Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears, Verna Aardema / Dial Press
1977 Ashanti to Zulu: African Traditions, Margaret Musgrove / Dial Press
1977 Who's in Rabbit's House: A Masai Tale, Verna Aardema / Dial Press
1980 Two Pairs of Shoes, P. L. Travers / Viking Press
1980 Children of the Sun, Jan R. Carew / Little Brown
1985 Brother to the Wind, Mildred Pitts Walter / Lothrop, Lee & Shepard Books
1986 All in a Day, Mitsumasa Anno and Raymond Briggs / Hamish Hamilton (London) (Translation of: Marui chiky¯u no maru ichinichi.) —illustrations by 10 artists, including the Dillons
1987 The Porcelain Cat, Michael Patrick Hearn / Little Brown
1989 The Color Wizard, Barbara Brenner / Bantam Little Rooster
1990 The Tale of the Mandarin Ducks, Katherine Paterson / Lodestar
1990 Aïda, Leontyne Price / Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
1991 The Race of the Golden Apples, Claire Martin / Dial Books for Young Readers
1991 Pish, Posh, Said Hieronymus Bosch, Nancy Willard / Harcourt Brace Jovanovich
1992 Northern Lullaby, Nancy White Carlstrom / Putnam
1992 Switch on the Night, Ray Bradbury / Knopf
1993 The Sorcerer's Apprentice, Nancy Willard / Scholastic/Blue Sky Press
1994 What Am I?, N. N. Charles / Scholastic/Blue Sky Press
1997 To Everything There is a Season, the Dillons / Scholastic/Blue Sky Press
1999 Wind Child, Shirley Rousseau Murphy / HarperCollins
2000 Switch on the Night, Ray Bradbury / Knopf (reissue)
2000 The Girl Who Spun Gold, Virginia Hamilton / Scholastic/Blue Sky Press
2001 Two Little Trains, Margaret Wise Brown / HarperCollins
2002 Rap a Tap Tap: Here's Bojangles—Think of That, written and illustrated by the Dillons / Scholastic/Blue Sky Press
2003 One Winter's Night, John Herman / Philomel
2004 Where Have You Been?, Margaret Wise Brown / HarperCollins
2005 The People Could Fly - The Picture Book
2005 Earth Mother, Ellen B. Jackson / Walker & Company
2006 Whirlwind is a Spirit Dancing, Natalia Maree Belting and Joseph Bruchac / Milk & Cookies Press —illustrations reprinted from 1974 title, Whirlwind is a Ghost Dancing
2007 Mother Goose numbers on the loose / Harcourt
2007 Jazz on a Saturday Night / Blue Sky Press
2009 The Goblin and the Empty Chair / Viking Australia
2009 The Secret River, Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings / Atheneum Books for Young Readers (reissue)
2009 Mama Says: A Book of Love for Mothers and Sons
Picture books illustrated only by Diane Dillon
2018 I Can Be Anything! Don't Tell Me I Can't
Chapter books illustrated by Leo and Diane Dillon
1962 Mother Night, Kurt Vonnegut, Jr / Fawcett Publications/Gold Medal Books
1964 The Sea and the Jungle, H. M. Tomlinson / Time / Time Reading Program Special Edition
1964 Hakon of Rogen's Saga, Erik Christian Haugaard / Houghton Mifflin
1965 A Slave's Tale Haugaard, Erik Christian Haugaard / Houghton Mifflin
1967 Claymore and Kilt, Sorche Nic Leodhas / Holt, Rinehart, Winston
1968 Shamrock and Spear Pilkington / Holt, Rinehart, Winston
1968 The Rider and His Horse, Erik Christian Haugaard / Houghton Mifflin
1969 The Preserving Machine, Philip K. Dick / Ace Books
1971 The Untold Tale, Erik Christian Haugaard / Houghton Mifflin
1971 The Search Murray / Thomas / Scholastic
1974 Burning Star, Eth Clifford / Houghton Mifflin
1977 The Planets / Time Life Books
1979 A Wrinkle In Time, Madeleine L'Engle / (reissue)
1984 The Enchanted World: Legends of Valor / Time Life Books
1985 The People Could Fly: American Black Folktales, Virginia Hamilton / Knopf
1985 The Enchanted World: Magical Beasts / Time Life Books
1987 Wise Child, Monica Furlong / Knopf
1988 Sing A Song of Popcorn: Every Child's Book of Poems Beatrice Schenk de Regniers / Scholastic — illustrated by many artists
1989 Moses' Ark, Alice Bach and J. Cheryl Exum / Delacorte Press
1991 Juniper, Monica Furlong / Random House
1991 Miriam's Well, Bach and Exum / Delacorte Press
1992 Many Thousand Goes, Virginia Hamilton / Knopf
1993 It's Kwaanza Time Goss Putnam
1995 Her Stories, Virginia Hamilton / Scholastic / Blue Sky Press
1995 Sabriel, Garth Nix / HarperCollins
1997 The Girl Who Dreamed Only Geese, Howard A. Norman / Harcourt Brace & Co
2000 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Jules Verne / HarperCollins (reissue)
2001 Mansa Musa, Khephra Burns / Harcourt Brace & Co
2001 Lirael, Garth Nix / HarperCollins
2003 Abhorsen, Garth Nix / HarperCollins
2004 Between Heaven and Earth: Bird Tales From Around The World, Howard A. Norman / Harcourt Brace & Co
2004 Colman, Monica Furlong / Random House
Awards
1971 Hugo Award for Best Professional Artist
1976 Caldecott Medal – American Library Association – Why Mosquitoes Buzz In People's Ears by Verna Aardema
1977 Caldecott Medal - American Library Association – Ashanti To Zulu: African Traditions by Margaret Musgrove
1977 Hamilton King Award – Society Of Illustrators
1978 Highly Commended runner-up as a duo, Hans Christian Andersen Award (body of work, children's book illustration)
1982 Balrog Award For Lifetime Contribution To Science Fiction/Fantasy
1982 Art Ninth Annual Lensman Award
1986 Coretta Scott King Award illustrator honor
1988 Third Annual Keene State College Children's Literature Festival Award
1991 Doctorate Of Fine Art Degree – Parsons School Of Design
1992 Empire State Award For Children's And Adult Literature For Body Of Work
1992 Society Of Illustrators Gold Medal For Northern Lullaby From The Original Art Show Of Children's Picture Books
1996 U.S. nominee as a duo, Hans Christian Andersen Award (body of work, children's book illustration)
1997 Chesley Award For Best Science Fiction Hardcover Jacket Titled Sabriel
1997 The Grand Masters Award - For Body Of Work - From Spectrum - The Best In Contemporary Fantastic Art
1997 Society of Illustrators Hall Of Fame - Inducted By A Jury of Peers
2002 Virginia Hamilton Literary Award - For Body Of Work
2003 Coretta Scott King Illustrator Honor- For Rap A Tap Tap Here's Bojangles-Think Of That
2005 Coretta Scott King Illustrator Honor Award - For The People Could Fly-The Picture Book
2006 Knickerbocker Award - For Body Of Work - New York Library Association
2006 Doctorate Of Fine Arts - Montserrat School Of Art
2008 World Fantasy Convention Life Achievement Award
2012 BolognaRagazzi Award - Fiction Honorable Mention - The Secret River
Notes
References
Further reading
Borea, P., & J. Janow. "Leo and Diane Dillon." Communication Arts Magazine 25: pp. 42–51, May/June 1983.
Brodie, Carolyn S. "Creators of Magic on Paper: Leo and Diane Dillon," School Library Media Activities Monthly 15(6): pp. 46–48, February 1999.
Cooper, Ilene. "The Walk of Life." Booklist 95(3): pp. 344–347, October 1, 1998.
Davies, Anne. "Talking with Leo & Diane Dillon", Book Links 14(3): pp. 45–48, 2005.
Davis, SE. "One + One = Three." Step-By-Step Graphics 13: pp. 30–41, 1997.
Deines, Ryah. "An Interview with Leo & Diane Dillon," World Fantasy Convention (Calgary, Alberta, Canada). Mystery in Fantasy & Horror (Souvenir Program), pp. 68–71, 2008.
Haber, Karen. "Leo & Diane Dillon: The Third Artist Rules", Locus 44(4), n471: pp. 4–5, 67–70, 2000.
Preiss, Byron, ed. The Art of Leo and Diane Dillon. New York: Ballantine Books, Trade Paperback, Hardcover and Collectors Limited Edition, Fall 1981.
Reichardt, Randy. "Tribute to Leo & Diane Dillon," World Fantasy Convention (Calgary, Alberta, Canada). Mystery in Fantasy & Horror (Souvenir Program), pp. 45–46, 2008.
Wills, F. H. "Leo und Diane Dillon," New York: grafik fur popular-wissenschaftliche werke {with English and French tr}. Novum Gebrauchsgraphik, pp. 50–56, March 1968.
External links
Leo Dillon at Library of Congress Authorities —with 64 catalog records
Diane Dillon at LC Authorities
L + D Dillon at JVJ Publishing Illustrators
American children's writers
American speculative fiction artists
American children's book illustrators
Caldecott Medal winners
Fantasy artists
Hugo Award-winning artists
Science fiction artists
Married couples
Art duos
Little Switzerland is a ski resort in Slinger, Wisconsin.
History
Little Switzerland opened on December 7, 1941, with its last day of operation under its original owners on March 10, 2007. The area was completely remodeled in the summer of 2012 and reopened with new owners in the fall of 2012 as a year-round restaurant and winter ski area. Skiing and snowboarding resumed in the winter of 2012–2013.
Description
The ski hill has 18 runs, 4 chairlifts, 1 handle tow, 1 surface lift, and 2 rope tows covering both sides of the hill. Three terrain parks and a chalet are at the bottom of the hill, along with a full-service restaurant, bar, game room, snack bar and pro shop.
There are six runs, including a beginner terrain park, on the front side of the hill, and eleven runs on the back side.
Little Switzerland also opens lifts during warm months for downhill mountain biking. They have green to black trails along with rentals.
They also host Gravityfest each year. See the website for more details.
See also
List of ski areas and resorts in the United States
Notes
External links
Little Switzerland Ski Area official website
Tourist attractions in Washington County, Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Washington County, Wisconsin
Ski areas and resorts in Wisconsin
Sports in the Milwaukee metropolitan area
The following are the winners of the 16th annual (1989) Origins Award, presented at Origins 1990:
External links
1989 Origins Awards Winners
1989 awards
1989 awards in the United States
Origins Award winners
Edna Manley College of the Visual and Performing Arts, formerly Jamaica School of Art and Crafts, is an art school in Kingston, Jamaica. In 1940, Edna Manley pioneered evening art classes at the Institute of Jamaica's Junior Centre but it was not until 1950 that the first formal arts school opened at the DaCosta Institute at 1 Central Avenue, Kingston Gardens. A number of leading Jamaican artists collaborated with Manley to open the first art school in Jamaica, including Albert Huie who became one of the tutors. 64 paying students enrolled in the first year and due to unexpected interest expanded the school at 11 North Street.
History
Barrington Watson established a four-year Diploma curriculum to the teaching of Art when the country gained independence in 1962. By 1964-65 the college had 86 full-time and 84 part-time students.
After being renamed in 1967 to the Jamaica School of Art, in 1976 the school was incorporated into the Cultural Training Centre and moved to its new facilities at 1 Arthur Wint Drive, expanding its scope to include Art, Music, Dance, and Drama governed by the Institute of Jamaica under the Ministry of Culture.
In 1987 Edna Manley died and it was later officially designated a college in 1995, renamed as the Edna Manley College of the Visual and Performing Arts.
In September 2004 the School of Visual Arts launched its degree program and today offers Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) and a Bachelor of Art Education (BAE) degrees and a BA degree course offered jointly with the University of the West Indies. There is also a Continuing Education division that offers part-time courses. College contact: (876) 619-EDNA (3362)
Faculties
The College consists of the following faculties:
The School of Visual Arts
The School of Music
The School of Dance
The School of Drama
The Faculty of Education and Liberal Studies
The School of Continuing Education and Allied Programmes
Notable alumni
Heather Doram, artist and educator, who designed the national costume of Antigua and Barbuda.
See also
Edna Manley
References
External links
Aerial view
College Website
Universities in Jamaica
Education in Kingston, Jamaica
Educational institutions established in 1995
Buildings and structures in Kingston, Jamaica
1995 establishments in Jamaica
Fernand Louis Armand Marie de Langle de Cary (4 July 1849 – 19 February 1927) was a French general during World War I. He commanded Fourth Army when the war began.
Early life
Fernand Louis Armand Marie De Langle De Cary (1849-1927) was born at Lorient July 4, 1849, entered the St. Cyr military school in 1867 and left at the head of his class in 1869, being commissioned to the Chasseurs d'Afrique. He participated in the Franco-Prussian War, during which he was wounded and given a medal for bravery. After the war he received army staff training and served for a time as a professor at the French military academy. He was promoted to brigadier general in 1900 and given the command of a cavalry brigade in Algeria.In 1912, he was made a member of the Conseil Supérieur de la Guerre which carried with it the command of an army in war.
World War I
Commands
At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, de Langle de Cary was placed in command of the Fourth Army. In concert with general Pierre Ruffey and his Third Army and general Charles Lanrezac and his Fifth Army, he was ordered by Joseph Joffre to attack the approaching Germans advancing south through the heavily forested and ravined Ardennes. They were badly outnumbered by the Germans facing them attacking from above and were defeated with very heavy losses in the Battle of the Ardennes but managed to withdraw and form a line of defense strong enough to halt the German counter-offensive. Unlike generals Ruffey and Lanrezac, Langle de Cary was not relieved of his command. He continued at the head of Fourth Army (though its strength was greatly reduced for the benefit of Ferdinand Foch's newly created Sixth Army) in the Marne and Aisne operations and in the trench warfare fighting of 1915. He commanded the French forces in the Second Battle of Champagne, another failed and costly French offensive ordered by Joffre.
Verdun blame and forced retirement
Nevertheless, he replaced Edouard de Curieres de Castelnau as commander of the Central Army Group in December, 1915, when Castelnau was promoted as Joffre's second-in-command. In this capacity, de Langle de Cary became responsible, among other duties, for overseeing the defensive readiness of Verdun. The German attack erupted onto Verdun in February, 1916, and the fears that he had expressed earlier about conditions there proved to be only too well founded, thus the army command was radically reorganized by Joffre who wanted more aggressive commanders, and Langle, who had already reached the age limit for retirement, was replaced by Philippe Pétain. He had only been in command two months. The official reason for his being removed was his age, 66. He was retired (removed from the officer Active List) the following year.
He died on 19 February 1927
Notes
External links
1849 births
1927 deaths
Military personnel from Lorient
French generals
French military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
French military personnel of World War I
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
King Echetus (; Ancient Greek: Ἔχετος), in Greek mythology, a king of Epirus and son of Euchenor and Phlogea (Φλόγεα).
Mythology
He is mentioned in Book 18 of Homer's Odyssey, as well as in Book 21 in which he is described as the "destroyer of all mortals" by Antinous (one of the suitors).
In Book 18, the beggar Irus was threatened with being handed over to Echetus, who would then have had Irus' nose, ears and testes cut off and thrown to his dogs. A story is also described how Echetus had a daughter, Metope, who had an intrigue with a lover; as a punishment Echetus mutilated the lover and blinded Metope by piercing her eyes with bronze needles. He then incarcerated her in a tower and gave her grains of bronze, promising that she would regain her sight when she had ground these grains into flour.
Eustathius and the scholia on this passage call the daughter and her lover Amphissa and Aechmodicus respectively.
Theories on the basis of Echetus
It is thought that Echetus was a mythological creation, used to scare disobedient children or used as the villain in bedtime stories. An alternate theory is that Echetus was a real king around the time of Homer, and that he was quite deformed and possibly a cannibal; no evidence currently exists to support this theory, however.
Notes
References
Apollonius Rhodius, Argonautica translated by Robert Cooper Seaton (1853-1915), R. C. Loeb Classical Library Volume 001. London, William Heinemann Ltd, 1912. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Apollonius Rhodius, Argonautica. George W. Mooney. London. Longmans, Green. 1912. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, The Odyssey with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, PH.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1919. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Characters in the Odyssey
Epirotic mythology
Kings in Greek mythology
Chase Long Beach was an American ska band from Long Beach, California, that formed in 2002 by former lead vocalist Karen Roberts and former bassist/vocalist Patrick Fitzgerald. In 2007, they released their first full-length album, LeBeC, produced by Aaron Barrett of Reel Big Fish. In 2009, Chase Long Beach signed to Victory Records, managed by Hardline Entertainment and released their second album, Gravity is What You Make It, on June 23, 2009.
Discography
Albums
LeBeC (2007)
Gravity is What You Make It (2009)
EPs
Invasion of the Fuzzy Things (2004)
Chase Long Beach Hosts a Molotov Cocktail Party (2006)
Members
Lineup
Karen Roberts - Lead vocals (2002 - 2009)
Patrick Fitzgerald - Bass guitar, Vocals (2002 - 2010)
Meagan Christy - Trumpet, Vocals (2005 - 2006; 2007 - 2012)
Joe Cooper - Lead guitar (2007 - 2012)
Tristan Dolce - Trumpet (2005 - 2012)
Drew Pedersen - Trombone (2006 - 2012)
Jose Rodriguez - Drums (2003–2004, 2008 - 2012)
Ryan Sandoval - Lead Guitar (2002 - 2007)
Emilio Corrales - Drums (2004 - 2008)
Alana Mireles - Lead vocals (2010)
Patrick Clancy - Bass (2010 - 2012)
References
External links
Chase Long Beach Official MySpace
American ska punk musical groups
Third-wave ska groups
Musical groups established in 2002
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Victory Records artists
2002 establishments in California
The Urban Theater was a half-hour syndicated television show which features musical performances recorded live in a production studio. The name is a play on the host's last name (John Urban). It premiered on July 3, 2000 and recorded its last show on December 6, 2012. It saw two distinct production concepts and has done a limited number of shows taped live on location.
History
In 2000, a replacement show was needed for a Thursday timeslot on "TVW" in Madison, WI. John Urban, known for co-hosting a morning radio show on a local rock station accepted the invitation to host the show from the station's sales manager, Ralph Cohen. Production ended in December 2012.
Live-on-air format
Initially, the show was part of the station's live "6:30 Show" concept. Each week day, TVW would air a live, interview show with viewer call ins at the start of "local prime time" (6:30pm, central time). "The 6:30 Show with John Urban" filled that Thursday slot. While guests included local media personalities, actors, comedians and musicians, performances during this incarnation were rare, as the logistics of staging a live performance live on the air were difficult for the production venue to overcome. Artists who performed did their songs in an acoustic guitar with vocal staging arrangement.
In 2001, the WB Network (TVW's network affiliation) wanted programming with broader appeal to lead-in to the start of their national prime time, causing the replacement of the locally produced "6:30 Shows" by nationally produced syndicated programming.
Live-to-recording format
With the end of the show airing live, the producers were able to re-shape the show's production concept to fit within the limitations which had made it tantamount to impossible to do full group (band) performances. The revised logistics included:
Bands are required to book an engineer to create the stereo (Left and Right) mix
Bands are required to bring their own audio equipment (microphones, mic stands, cables/snakes, audio mixing console, effects rack, etc., usually supplied by the audio engineer)
Production is held over two days, usually Wednesday and Thursday.
Wednesday: equipment load in and rehearsal
Thursday: recording
Show is recorded out of order
All performance segments first
Interview segment is taped last, which would then be timed to fill out the remainder of the 22:26 of content
When the show airs, the interview segment airs as the second segment
Segment 1: Music
Segment 2: Interview
Segment 3: Music
Segment 4: Music
The show is produced live-to-recording in studio, with no audience nor post production editing. To date there have been four shows recorded on location. Location productions add the "energy" and visual element of a live audience, but add logistical problems (field production equipment, location availability, editing time) which raise production costs and therefore limit these opportunities.
The bands/artists are not paid to be on the show; the opposite is generally true, as bands usually incur the cost of providing the audio engineer. Performers can justify this because of the exposure gained by performing on the television station as well as the re-distribution of the video and audio of the performances on the band's personal web sites offset this cost.
Bands are invited on the show after submitting a media kit to the producers for review.
Not all shows are musical performances, such as shows featuring:
"The Prom Committee" a Madison-based improv comedy group, which performed three of their sketches
The Wisconsin Film Festival, with clips from some of the featured the films.
Past shows are re-run during the week, with the "first run" on the weekend of the show which is recorded that week.
References
External links
The Official Urban Theater web site—current information about the show.
American music television series
Kent Daniel Mobæck (born 22 May 1980) is a Swedish footballer who last played for IF Elfsborg in the Allsvenskan. His debut in the Swedish national team came on a tour in South America in January 2007.
He usually plays as a right back or right midfielder. However, he can play all across the midfield, and even striker.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
People from Kalmar
Swedish footballers
Association football defenders
Sweden international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Kalmar FF players
IF Elfsborg players
Sportspeople from Kalmar County
The Dubins–Spanier theorems are several theorems in the theory of fair cake-cutting. They were published by Lester Dubins and Edwin Spanier in 1961. Although the original motivation for these theorems is fair division, they are in fact general theorems in measure theory.
Setting
There is a set , and a set which is a sigma-algebra of subsets of .
There are partners. Every partner has a personal value measure . This function determines how much each subset of is worth to that partner.
Let a partition of to measurable sets: . Define the matrix as the following matrix:
This matrix contains the valuations of all players to all pieces of the partition.
Let be the collection of all such matrices (for the same value measures, the same , and different partitions):
The Dubins–Spanier theorems deal with the topological properties of .
Statements
If all value measures are countably-additive and nonatomic, then:
is a compact set;
is a convex set.
This was already proved by Dvoretzky, Wald, and Wolfowitz.
Corollaries
Consensus partition
A cake partition to k pieces is called a consensus partition with weights (also called exact division) if:
I.e, there is a consensus among all partners that the value of piece j is exactly .
Suppose, from now on, that are weights whose sum is 1:
and the value measures are normalized such that each partner values the entire cake as exactly 1:
The convexity part of the DS theorem implies that:
If all value measures are countably-additive and nonatomic,
then a consensus partition exists.
PROOF: For every , define a partition as follows:
In the partition , all partners value the -th piece as 1 and all other pieces as 0. Hence, in the matrix , there are ones on the -th column and zeros everywhere else.
By convexity, there is a partition such that:
In that matrix, the -th column contains only the value . This means that, in the partition , all partners value the -th piece as exactly .
Note: this corollary confirms a previous assertion by Hugo Steinhaus. It also gives an affirmative answer to the problem of the Nile provided that there are only a finite number of flood heights.
Super-proportional division
A cake partition to n pieces (one piece per partner) is called a super-proportional division with weights if:
I.e, the piece allotted to partner is strictly more valuable for him than what he deserves. The following statement is Dubins-Spanier Theorem on the existence of super-proportional division
The hypothesis that the value measures are not identical is necessary. Otherwise, the sum leads to a contradiction.
Namely, if all value measures are countably-additive and non-atomic, and if there are two partners such that ,
then a super-proportional division exists.I.e, the necessary condition is also sufficient.
Sketch of Proof
Suppose w.l.o.g. that . Then there is some piece of the cake, , such that . Let be the complement of ; then . This means that . However, . Hence, either or . Suppose w.l.o.g. that and are true.
Define the following partitions:
: the partition that gives to partner 1, to partner 2, and nothing to all others.
(for ): the partition that gives the entire cake to partner and nothing to all others.
Here, we are interested only in the diagonals of the matrices , which represent the valuations of the partners to their own pieces:
In , entry 1 is , entry 2 is , and the other entries are 0.
In (for ), entry is 1 and the other entires are 0.
By convexity, for every set of weights there is a partition such that:
It is possible to select the weights such that, in the diagonal of , the entries are in the same ratios as the weights . Since we assumed that , it is possible to prove that , so is a super-proportional division.
Utilitarian-optimal division
A cake partition to n pieces (one piece per partner) is called utilitarian-optimal if it maximizes the sum of values. I.e, it maximizes:
Utilitarian-optimal divisions do not always exist. For example, suppose is the set of positive integers. There are two partners. Both value the entire set as 1. Partner 1 assigns a positive value to every integer and partner 2 assigns zero value to every finite subset. From a utilitarian point of view, it is best to give partner 1 a large finite subset and give the remainder to partner 2. When the set given to partner 1 becomes larger and larger, the sum-of-values becomes closer and closer to 2, but it never approaches 2. So there is no utilitarian-optimal division.
The problem with the above example is that the value measure of partner 2 is finitely-additive but not countably-additive.
The compactness part of the DS theorem immediately implies that:
If all value measures are countably-additive and nonatomic,
then a utilitarian-optimal division exists.
In this special case, non-atomicity is not required: if all value measures are countably-additive, then a utilitarian-optimal partition exists.
Leximin-optimal division
A cake partition to n pieces (one piece per partner) is called leximin-optimal with weights if it maximizes the lexicographically-ordered vector of relative values. I.e, it maximizes the following vector:
where the partners are indexed such that:
A leximin-optimal partition maximizes the value of the poorest partner (relative to his weight); subject to that, it maximizes the value of the next-poorest partner (relative to his weight); etc.
The compactness part of the DS theorem immediately implies that:
If all value measures are countably-additive and nonatomic,
then a leximin-optimal division exists.
Further developments
The leximin-optimality criterion, introduced by Dubins and Spanier, has been studied extensively later. In particular, in the problem of cake-cutting, it was studied by Marco Dall'Aglio.
See also
Lyapunov vector-measure theorem
Weller's theorem
References
Fair division
Theorems in measure theory
Barfeh (; also known as Barfi) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 802, in 184 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Catholic Church in Europe is part of the worldwide Catholic Church in full communion with the Holy See in Rome, including represented Eastern Catholic missions. Demographically, Catholics are the largest religious group in Europe.
Demographics
About 35% of the population of Europe today is Catholic, but only about a quarter of all Catholics worldwide reside in Europe. This is due in part to the movement and immigration at various times of largely Catholic European ethnic groups (such as the Irish, Italians, Poles, Portuguese, and Spaniards) to continents such as the Americas and Australia. Furthermore, Catholicism has been spread outside Europe through both historical Catholic missionary activity, especially in Latin America, and the past colonization and conversion of native people by Catholic European countries, specifically the Spanish, Portuguese, French and Belgian colonial empire, in regions such as South America, the Caribbean, Central Africa and West Africa, and Southeast Asia.
The Holy See and the European episcopal conferences
Holy See–European Union relations
As the Vatican State is a theocracy, it cannot become a member of the European Union. However, traditionally there are very strong ties of the Holy See with the only neighboring country of the Vatican City, Italy and also with the European Union. Since 1970 the European Union accredits an official representative from the Holy See (an Apostolic Nuncio) to the EU. Even though the Vatican City is not an official member of the European Union, it has adopted the Euro as its currency and has open borders with the Schengen Area.
Statements of the Holy See and other dignitaries of the Catholic church on the European integration
In 2016 Pope Francis was awarded with the Charlemagne prize. During his speech of thanks Pope Francis criticized a "crisis of solidarity" in Europe and condemned "national self-interest, renationalization and particularism".
In December 2018 Cardinal Reinhard Marx, archbishop of Munich and Freising and former president of COMECE, called for a deeper European integration and condemned the harmful consequences of nationalism.
The Council of the Bishops' Conferences of Europe (CCEE)
The Council of the Bishops' Conferences of Europe () (CCEE) is a conference of the presidents of the 33 Roman Catholic episcopal conferences of Europe, the Archbishop of Luxembourg, the Archbishop of Monaco, Maronite Catholic Archeparch of Cyprus, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Chişinău, the Ruthenian Catholic Eparch of Mukacheve, and the Apostolic Administrator of Estonia. The Secretariat is located in St. Gallen, Switzerland.
The Commission of the Bishops' Conferences of the European Community (COMECE)
The Commission of the Bishops' Conferences of the European Community (; COMECE) is the association of Catholic Church episcopal conferences in member states of the European Union (EU) which officially represents those episcopal conferences at EU institutions. bishops are delegated by Catholic episcopal conferences in EU member states and has a permanent Secretariat in Brussels, Belgium. It was established in 1980 and replaced the European Catholic Pastoral Information Service (SIPECA, 1976–1980). Discussions during the 1970s about creating an episcopal conferences' liaison organization to the European Community led to the decision, on the eve of the 1979 European Parliament election, to establish .
Important European Catholic lay organizations
European Catholic youth organizations
Fimcap Europe (International Federation of Catholic Parochial Youth Movements): Fimcap is an umbrella organization for catholic youth organizations, especially for youth organizations which are based at parish level. (See also: Fimcap Europe)
MIJARC Europe (International Movement of Catholic Agricultural and Rural Youth): MIJARC Europe is a platform representing the catholic, agricultural and rural youth movements in Europe.
Other important Catholic lay organizations
CIDSE (International Cooperation for Development and Solidarity): CIDSE is an umbrella organization for Catholic development agencies from Europe and North America.
World Movement of Christian Workers consists of Catholic workingmen and workingwomen.
Important sites for the Catholic Church in Europe
Vatican City and Rome
According to the Catholic tradition, Saint Peter, one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ and leader of the early church, was crucified and buried in Rome under Emperor Nero Augustus Caesar. On the place supposed to be the burial site of Saint Peter the Saint Peter's Basilica was built. Rome is also the residence city of the Pope, the leader of the Catholic Church, who at the same time is also the Bishop of Rome. Until today the Pope rules over an ecclesiastical state, the Vatican City, which encompasses 44 hectares of the city area. Rome hosts also the Papal Major basilicas. Besides the Saint Peter's Basilica there are three other Major basilicas: Archbasilica of Saint John Lateran, Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls and Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore.
Santiago de Compostela
One of the most important and famous sites for pilgrimages for the Catholic Church is Santiago de Compostela in Galicia, Spain. The cathedral of the city hosts the shrine of Saint James, one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus, and traditionally considered the first apostle to be martyred. Santiago de Compostela is the final destination of the Way of Saint James (Galician: O Camiño de Santiago).
Assisi
Assisi, a town in the Umbria region in Italy, hosts two more papal basilicas: the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi and the Basilica of Santa Maria degli Angeli. The Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi is the mother church of the Order of Friars Minor, commonly known as the "Franciscan Order". Assisi is the town in which the founder of the order, Saint Francis of Assisi, was born and died.
See also
Catholic Church by country
Catholic Church in Africa
Catholic Church in Asia
Catholic Church in North America
Catholic Church in Latin America
Catholic Church in Oceania
List of Catholic dioceses in Europe
References
Further reading
Bireley, Robert. The Refashioning of Catholicism, 1450-1700: A Reassessment of the Counter Reformation (1999)
Burson, Jeffrey D., and Ulrich L. Lehner. Enlightenment and Catholicism in Europe: A Transnational History (2014)
Chamedes, Giuliana. A Twentieth-Century Crusade: The Vatican's Battle to Remake Catholic Europe (Harvard UP, 2019)
CIA Factbook
Gehler, Michael, and Wolfram Kaiser, eds. Christian Democracy in Europe since 1945 (Routledge, 2004)
Kent, Peter C. and J.F. Pollard, eds. Papal Diplomacy in the Modern Age (Praeger 1994),
Kselman, Thomas, and Joseph A. Buttigieg, eds. European Christian Democracy: Historical Legacies and Comparative Perspectives (Notre Dame University Press, 2003)
Kosicki, Piotr H. Catholics on the Barricades: Poland, France, and “Revolution,” 1891-1956 (Yale University Press, 2018) multiple online reviews
Latourette, Kenneth Scott. A history of expansion of Christianity. vol 4. The great century: in Europe and the United States of America; A.D. 1800-A.D. 1914 (1941)
Latourette, Kenneth Scott. Christianity in a Revolutionary Age, I: The Nineteenth Century in Europe: Background and the Roman Catholic Phase (1969)
Latourette, Kenneth Scott. Christianity in a Revolutionary Age, IV: The Twentieth Century in Europe: The Roman Catholic, Protestant, and Eastern Churches (1958)
MacCulloch, Diarmaid. Christianity: The First Three Thousand Years (2011)
Misner, Paul. Social Catholicism in Europe: From the Onset of Industrialization to the First World War (1991)
Peter VI the Lame (; 1537 – 1 July 1594) was Prince of Moldavia from June 1574 to 23 November 1577. He also ruled 1 January 1578 to 21 November 1579 and 17 October 1583 to 29 August 1591. He was known as "the Lame" due to a physical deformity. Raised by the Turks in Istanbul and hardly knew of his country of origin before gaining the throne of Moldavia.
Voivode of Moldavia
Anxious to rule like his brother Alexandru II Mircea, Petru was elected prince of Moldavia in 1574. However, unlike most of his ancestors, he was a weak prince and eventually gave up the throne in order to live comfortably in the west.
Family life
His first marriage to Maria Amirali was arranged in childhood, and failed. Petru soon fell in love with a Roma named Irina who became his mistress since marriage to a Roma was impossible. He had Irina freed from slavery and baptized, hence her nickname "Botezata" (the Baptized). After he gave up the throne, together they moved to the city of Bolzano in present-day Italy's Tyrol. Sadly for Irina, Peter fell in love with a seductive Circassian named Maria, a lady-in-waiting at his mini-court. Irina died at 25 and was buried in a small cemetery in Bolzano. Their son Ștefăniță never ruled in Moldavia. He was raised as a Catholic and placed in a Jesuit seminary in Innsbruck. He was known to be an obedient student, but died of tuberculosis in 1585. He is buried beside his parents in Bolzano.
Death
Two years after the death of Irina, Peter died of syphilis. He is laid to rest beside her and on his tombstone is the inscription: "I, Prince Peter, descendant of the royal Corvinus family of Wallachia...who abandoned the throne of my own will, having obtained asylum from the House of Austria, [breathed my last] on July 1, 1594."
References
Rulers of Moldavia
1594 deaths
House of Drăculești
Year of birth unknown
Royalty and nobility with disabilities
Deaths from syphilis
Arbab Zakaullah is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2004 and again from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected unopposed to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-229 (Tharparkar-I) as a candidate of National Alliance in a by-election held in 2002. He resigned from the National Assembly in 2004.
He was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-229 (Tharparkar-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 135,697 votes and defeated Mahesh Kumar Malhani, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). In the same election, he ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from Constituency PS-60 (Tharparkar-I) and from Constituency PS-61 (Tharparkar-II) as an independent candidate but was unsuccessful. He received 6 votes from Constituency PS-60 (Tharparkar-I) and lost the seat to Arbab Ghulam Rahim, and received 62 votes from Constituency PS-61 (Tharparkar-II) and lost the seat to Arbab Zulfiqar Ali, a candidate of PML-Q.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Year of birth missing (living people)
{{Infobox artist
| name = Fidelia Bridges
| image = Oliver Ingraham Lay - Fidelia Bridges - undated, but before 1890 when artist died.jpg
| image_size =
| caption = Oliver Ingraham Lay (1845–1890), Fidelia Bridges, Smithsonian American Art Museum
| birth_name =
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Salem, Massachusetts, U.S.
| death_date =
Bridges was considered a specialist in her field and focused on the beauty and serenity of microscopic details in nature. One of her favored sites was Stratford, Connecticut, where she enjoyed the wildflowers and other subject matter in the area's flats and meadows. The birds found in the green salt grass lined banks of the Housatonic River were also of interest. She made some of her best paintings of the scenes from her summer visits from 1871 to 1888 with Oliver Ingraham Lay and his family. Paintings such as Daisies and Clover and Thrush in Wild Flowers are examples of her works during this period. She lived in Stratford, Connecticut by 1890 when she ministered to the ailing Lay who died that year.
She was elected as a National Academy of Design associate in 1873 and one year later became the only woman of seven artists in the American Society of Painters in Watercolor (now The American Watercolor Society). She exhibited her work sporadically from 1863 until 1908.
In 1876, she exhibited three paintings at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition. That year, many of her paintings were reproduced and sold by publisher and lithographer Louis Prang. St. Nicholas Magazine and the August 1876 edition of Scribner's Monthly contained her illustrations. She illustrated John Burrough's Bird and Birds published by Scribner's Monthly by 1877. This success eventually led to a job as a designer for Prang's firm. For this job Bridges designed Christmas cards and she kept the job until 1899.
Bridges visited England between 1879 and 1880. During that time she visited her brother Henry, who worked there as a tea-taster and traveled to China in the commission of his work. Her works, which reflected an Oriental aesthetic with plain background and asymmetrical compositions, were exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts. Some of her compositions are similar to that of the Flower and Bird series of Japanese woodblock print artist, Hiroshige.
After her extended visit to England, Bridges returned to the Browns home, where she continued to work and live much of the time. She spent a year working as a governess to Mark Twain's three daughters starting in 1883; Twain was also a collector of her work.
In collaboration with the illustrator and book editor Susie Barstow Skelding, she created several books of poetry with her bird illustrations, including Winged Flower Lovers, and Songsters of the Branches during the 1880s. Her illustrations of birds were published in an 1888 book of poems, What the Poets Sing of Them and the book Favorite Birds.
Bridges exhibited her work at the Palace of Fine Arts at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois.
Personal life
Bridges never married, but had good friends and relationships throughout her life. She moved to Canaan, Connecticut in 1892 and lived in a cottage on a hill, overlooking a stream and with a beautiful flower garden that attracted birds and became the subject of many paintings. She led a quiet lifestyle, and occasionally traveled to Europe and New York. She continued to exhibit her works, including the American Society of Painters, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts and the National Academy of Design.
Along with artist Howard Pyle, Bridges became a sustaining member of the American Forestry Association, which was founded to protect forests in the United States following "an eloquent plea" from President Theodore Roosevelt.
Bridges died following a stroke just a few days before turning eighty-nine, on May 14, 1923, in Canaan, Connecticut. A service was held for Bridges in her home on May 16, 1923 and she was buried at the Mountain View Cemetery in Canaan.
Legacy
The Bridges family home was named the Fidelia Bridges Guest Home in her name. In Canaan, a bird sanctuary was named in her honor.
Posthumous exhibitions of her work occurred in 1984 at the Whitney Museum of American Art's Reflection of Nature show and at The New Path, Ruskin and the American Pre-Raphaelites at the Brooklyn Museum of Art. The Smithsonian Institution has two of her works. Another work is held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and her painting of the Benning Wentworth House is in the Strawbery Banke museum in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
Fidelia Bridges artworks at The Athenaeum
Fidelia Bridges at Union List of Artist Names, Getty Research Institute
http://strawberybanke.pastperfectonline.com/webobject/444C1548-6FC5-434F-A087-788790283170 Painting at the Strawbery Banke Museum.
1834 births
1923 deaths
Artists from Salem, Massachusetts
People from Canaan, Connecticut
American watercolorists
Realist painters
Wildlife artists
American women painters
Painters from Massachusetts
Painters from Connecticut
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
19th-century American painters
American women illustrators
American illustrators
National Academy of Design associates
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
Women watercolorists
People from Stratford, Connecticut
Pennsylvania Route 110 (PA 110) is a state highway located in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. The western terminus is at PA 954 in Creekside. The eastern terminus is at US 119 near Ernest.
Route description
PA 110 begins at an intersection with PA 954 in the borough of Creekside, heading southeast on two-lane undivided Indiana Road past homes. The road passes under Norfolk Southern's Shelocta Running Track railroad line before continuing into Washington Township, where it crosses a Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad line at-grade. The route continues east through hilly woodland, running to the north of the railroad line and McKee Run. PA 110 continues into Rayne Township before entering the borough of Ernest, where the road becomes Main Street and passes residences. After leaving Ernest for Rayne Township again, the route heads east away from the creek and railroad and runs through forested areas with a few homes and small farms as an unnamed road. PA 110 curves south into White Township and reaches an intersection with Old Route 119 and turns sharply to the northeast, following Old Route 119. The route heads through rural areas of residences before reaching its terminus at a trumpet interchange with US 119.
Major intersections
See also
References
110
Transportation in Indiana County, Pennsylvania
KTXK (91.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a public radio format. Licensed to Texarkana, Texas, United States, it serves the Texarkana area. The station is currently owned by Texarkana College and features programming from National Public Radio.
The station first broadcast on February 1, 1984. Originally, its signal didn't make it too far out of the Texarkana area. However, in 2003, it boosted its power from 5,000 watts to 100,000 watts, more than tripling its coverage area.
Steve Mitchell is the general manager and was the driving creative force behind the station from the time it went on the air. On air voices include Mitchell (underwriter spots and midday news block), Junius Stone (Morning Edition local and regional content and movie reviews), Pat Miller (All Things Considered local and regional announcer), Sabrina McCormick (news director), Alton Pettigrew (weekend announcer) and Frank Miller (music director).
External links
TXK
NPR member stations
Subiya may refer to:
Subiya people
Subiya language
Subiya, Kuwait - region in northern Kuwait
Antioch Arrow was an American punk rock band from San Diego, California, that formed in 1992. Most of their discography was released through the San Diego independent label Gravity Records. The label was responsible raising San Diego's profile in the underground music scene of the mid-1990s. The band, breaking up in 1994 and releasing one final studio album posthumously in 1995, are now considered to be one of the most influential bands of the early 1990s that shaped emo and post-hardcore music of the late 1990s and early 2000s.
History
The band first formed in 1992 by vocalist Aaron Montaigne, bassist Mac Mann, and drummer Ron Avila (who is also known by his nicknames "Ron Anarchy" and "Maxamillion Avila"). Avila and Montaigne originally knew each other from their previous band Heroin; Avila was the original drummer of Heroin, but left after the group played their first two shows. Montaigne joined the group to replace him. The trio would soon recruit guitarists Jeff Winterberg and Aaron Richards and, under this line up, released a split 7-inch with the band Candle and their debut 12-inch extended play The Lady Is A Cat, both in 1993 through Gravity Records. After this, Richards left the band as was subsequently replaced by Andy Ward, who was previously in the group Evergreen.
With their line-up solidified, the group would release their second extended play In Love With Jetts in 1994, again through Gravity Records. During their run, the group embarked on 3 different tours within the United States. The first was a week-long tour of the West Coast in the spring of 1993. The second was a month-long tour of the U.S., spanning late June to Early July 1993. The third and final tour was originally supposed to be for 6 weeks from early June to late July 1994. However, van troubles and inter-band conflict ended the tour in early July with the band canceling many shows across the Northwest. Their last show ever took place in a truck trailer in Boulder, Colorado around July 6, 1994. In December 1994, the group were offered by Amalgamented Recording Corp to fly out to Los Angeles, California to record, which resulted in the group's final album, Gems Of Masochism, which was released posthumously in 1995. The album is noted for its gothic sound, utilizing synthesizers. According to Montaigne, it was ill-received by the punk scene when it was initially released.
Post-breakup
Since the group's break-up, members have gone on to work on other musical projects. Andy Ward and Ron Avila, for example, formed the Three One G supergroup Holy Molar. Aaron Montaigne would later form a heroin addiction by the late 1990s, but eventually sobered when he joined the US Army in the early 2000s. Jeff Winterberg would go on to do photography, and in 2011 he was diagnosed with medulloblastoma, a rare form of cancer that typically affects children, with only two percent of cases affecting adults.
Style, Influences, and Legacy
The band is typically seen as a vital part of both first wave emo music and the "San Diego sound", an early style of post-hardcore originating from San Diego that was popularized by bands such as Swing Kids and Heroin. The group's first three released were issued by Gravity Records, a label that is also considered to have played an important role in the "San Diego sound". The band's early recordings, such as The Lady Is A Cat, displayed a somewhat "basic" hardcore punk sound, while In Love With Jetts introduced a much more spastic, noisy style that the band would later be known for. The group's final album, Gems Of Masochism, introduced synthesizers and an overall gothic aesthetic, both musically and visually. The band has been described as post-hardcore, art punk, emo, post-punk, and no wave. They have been described as pioneers of screamo as well.
The band has gone on to name many influences, including mid-late 1980s DC emo and hardcore bands such as Ignition and Rites of Spring. The Birthday Party was also a major early influence for the group, and the somewhat strange style of The Nation of Ulysses also inspired the group majorly. Vocalist Aaron Montaigne has also stated that the vocal style of Chris Thompson (of the late 1980s Washington, DC hardcore group Fury) shaped his own style of desperate, fearful vocals.
Antioch Arrow are now considered a highly influential band for their time. At the Drive-In once stated how the group influenced them, as well as The Blood Brothers. The experimental noise rock band Racebannon has also described Antioch Arrow as an early influence.
Members
Final line-up
Aaron Montaigne – vocals (1992–1994)
Mac Mann – bass (1992–1994)
Ron Avila – drums (1992–1994)
Jeff Winterberg – guitar (1992–1994)
Andy Ward – guitar (1994)
Previous members
Aaron Richards – guitar (1992–1993)
Discography
Studio albums
The Lady Is A Cat (1993, Gravity)
In Love With Jetts (1994, Gravity)
Gems Of Masochism (1995, Amalgamated)
Split records
Antioch Arrow/Candle split 7-inch (1993, Gravity)
Compilation albums
Antioch Arrow (1997, Gravity)
References
External links
Myspace page
[ Allmusic page]
Video interview with Aaron Montaigne going over his time with the military
Magick Daggers EP on Manimal Vinyl Records
American post-hardcore musical groups
Musical groups from San Diego
American emo musical groups
American screamo musical groups
A Homecoming Queen is a ceremonial role in student homecoming rallies.
Homecoming Queen may also refer to:
Music
"Homecoming Queen" (song), a song by Hinder from the 2007 album Extreme Behavior
"Homecoming Queen?", a 2019 song by Kelsea Ballerini
a song by Brandy Clark from the 2016 album Big Day in a Small Town
a song by Thelma Plum from the 2019 album Better in Blak
a song by Sheryl Crow from Feels Like Home
a song by Sparklehorse
a 1972 song Kenny O'Dell, written by O'Dell and Larry Henley
Other uses
Homecoming Queen (horse), an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse
Homecoming Queen (TV series)
See also
Homecoming King (disambiguation)
Homecoming (disambiguation)
"The Homecoming Queen's Got a Gun", 1983 song by Julie Brown
The SS Sharon Victory was a Victory ship built during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program for the owner War Shipping Administration. She was launched by the California Shipbuilding Company on April 15, 1944, and completed on September 28, 1944. The ship's United States Maritime Commission designation was 'VC2- S- AP3, hull number 29'. She was operated by the W. R. Grace and Company and later Matson Navigation Company of Hawaii . The 10,500-ton Victory ships were designed to replace the earlier Liberty Ships. Liberty ships were designed to be used just for World War II compared to Victory ships, which were designed to last longer and serve the US Navy after the war. Victory ships differed from Liberty ships in that they were faster, longer and wider, taller, had a thinner stack set farther toward the superstructure, and had a long raised forecastle.
Sharon Victory United States Navy Armed Guards were credited with the probably shooting down of plane at the Battle in the Philippines A plane bomb landed about 55 feet from the Sharon Victory. Sharon Victory was also credited with an assist of downing a plane on December 6, 1944.
The delivered C-rations to the troops on Okinawa at the Naval Base Okinawa, during unloading came under attack. Sharon Victory fought off a Japanese kamikaze plane attacking the ship.
After World War II, in 1948 she was placed in the Mobile Reserve Fleet and later transferred to the James River, Reserve Fleet. Sharon Victory also served in the Korean War from 1950 to 1955, operated by the States Marine Lines, Inc. After the war the Sharon Victory was mothballed at the James River, Reserve Fleet and was scrapped at Kaohsiung, Taiwan in 1988.
References
Victory ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
United States Merchant Marine
1944 ships
World War II merchant ships of the United States
Cargo liners
Jennifer A. Hemingway is an American federal law enforcement officer and former political advisor who served as the acting Sergeant at Arms of the United States Senate and acting chairwoman of the Capitol Police Board. After serving as acting Sergeant at Arms, Hemingway became chief of staff to the Senate's Sergeant at Arms.
Education
Hemingway earned a Bachelor of Arts in political science and Bachelor of Science in economics from the University of Florida, followed by a Master of Public Administration in budget and public finance from George Washington University.
Career
In 1999, Hemingway became the deputy staff director of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Reform. In 2001 and 2002, she was the associate director of public affairs at the United States Department of Transportation. She was the director of legislative and regulatory affairs at the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association before becoming a staffer of the United States Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. After eight years with the Homeland Security Committee, Hemingway worked as the treasurer of the District of Columbia Library Association and president of the Junior League of Washington. She returned to the United States House Committee on Oversight and Reform in 2015. In 2017 and 2018, she was the director of operations for then-Speaker Paul Ryan. Hemingway was selected to serve as deputy Sergeant at Arms of the United States Senate in December 2018.
Sergeant at Arms of the United States Senate
On January 7, 2021, Hemingway was named by Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell as acting Senate Sergeant at Arms, following the resignation of Michael C. Stenger after the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. House sergeant-at-arms Paul D. Irving and United States Capitol Police chief Steven Sund also resigned the same day, amid bipartisan shock and outrage over security lapses that led to the mob's breach and occupation of the Capitol. She held the post until General Karen Gibson was confirmed as the new Senate Sergeant at Arms.
References
Living people
University of Florida alumni
Trachtenberg School of Public Policy & Public Administration alumni
Sergeants at Arms of the United States Senate
Women in law enforcement
United States Department of Transportation officials
Year of birth missing (living people)
La vita non perde valore (Life does not lose its value) is a 2012 documentary film about the reintegration into society of former child soldiers in Sierra Leone.
The documentary has been analyzed in different Universities, becoming subject of five degree theses.
It was written and directed by Wilma Massucco, a filmmaker and freelance journalist who was awarded of an Italian National Award on Human Rights, i.e. 2014 Maria Rita Saulle Award).
The film focuses on the work of Father Giuseppe Berton, an Italian Missionary who lived in Sierra Leone for over forty years.
Berton founded the "Family Homes Movement" (FHM) to provide parental care and education to child victims of the country's civil war, during which thousands of children were recruited and used as soldiers by all sides.
Children were often forcibly recruited, given drugs and used to commit atrocities. Girls were also recruited as soldiers and often subjected to sexual exploitation.
Many of the children were survivors of village attacks, while others were found abandoned. They were used for patrol purposes, attacking villages, and guarding workers in the diamond fields. FHM has rehabilitated more than 3000 child soldiers back into society.
The film features the testimonies of some of these former child soldiers — now adults — relating their experiences both before and after their meeting with Berton, and explores issues of guilt, loneliness, trust and fear, and how the subjects were helped to overcome the suffering and seemingly negative values of their past. The film's underpinning theme is that despite the civil war and the abuse of these child soldiers "life does not lose value." The film also shows how Berton's work allows both victims and perpetrators of the violence to now meet and cooperate without hatred or resentment because of this trust in the value of life. The film is "hard and painful" but the message is "one of hope, despite the fear, the nightmare, despite the wickedness and baseness of man." It intersperses the testimonies with interviews and discussion with Berton and Roberto Ravera, a psychologist working alongside FHM to analyze the effect of trauma in child soldiers.
The film was shot during 2010 and conceived after Massucco was approached by EUGAD — a European Commission funded project to "create, collect and distribute knowledge resources for improving communication and dialogue" — to produce a series of interviews in Sierra Leone. After Wilma Massucco met Father Berton, she was invited by him to make a reportage on his activity with the former child soldiers of Sierra Leone. La vita non perde valore is the documentary that came out, it is a focus "[not] on the human drama, but how it was dealt with and resolved."
Premiered in 2012, the film was also released in an English-language version the same year.
See also
Sierra Leone Civil War
Military use of children
A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier
References
External links
Family Homes Movement, Sierra Leone
Films set in Sierra Leone
Italian documentary films
2010s Italian-language films
2012 films
2012 documentary films
Documentary films about child soldiers
Youth rights
Sierra Leone Civil War
Documentary films about human rights
Robert Beauclerk Loder, (24 April 1934 – 22 July 2017) was an English businessman and art collector. He was particularly concerned in developing contemporary African art.
Biography
Loder was the son of John Loder, 2nd Baron Wakehurst and his wife Margaret Tennant, daughter of Sir Charles Tennant, 1st Baronet. He was educated at Eton College and Cambridge University. From 1957 to 1966 he was employed by the Anglo American Corporation in Johannesburg and Lusaka. While in Johannesburg he helped run Union Artists, a black theatre group that played to mixed audiences in apartheid South Africa. In 1959 he founded the African Arts Trust, which supports black artists from South Africa.
When he returned to London, Loder became treasurer of the Institute of Contemporary Arts and later its chairman in the 1970s. From 1968 he was a Trustee and for 10 years chair of the Mental Health Foundation, for which service he was appointed a CBE in the 1989 Birthday Honours.
With the backing of Lord Rothschild, he built up a business with 2,000 employees in 30 countries. In 1982, he became executive chairman of the literary agency Curtis Brown.
In 1980, Loder met Anthony Caro who was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships. In 1981, when staying in New York State, the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists, which became the Triangle Arts Trust. They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada at Pine Plains, New York. The workshops became an annual event, and Loder later helped organise similar workshops in South Africa, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Mozambique, Zambia, Jamaica and Namibia. From 1990 he ran a workshop at Shave Farm in Somerset.
References
External links
National Portrait Gallery
1934 births
2017 deaths
People educated at Eton College
English art collectors
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Younger sons of barons
Genyoshi Kadokawa was the founder of Kadokawa Shoten. Several academic prizes have been named in his honor.
References
1917 births
1975 deaths
20th-century Japanese businesspeople
20th-century Japanese poets
Japanese company founders
Japanese literature academics
Japanese magazine founders
Japanese pacifists
Japanese schoolteachers
Kadokawa Shoten
Kokugakuin University alumni
People from Toyama (city)
Tuberculosis deaths in Japan
Yomiuri Prize winners
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Avondale is a neighborhood in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is home to the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden. The population was 12,466 at the 2010 census.
92 percent of Avondale residents are African American and more than 40 percent are living at or below the poverty level. More than 77 percent rent housing. Two civil rights protests began in Avondale in 1967 and 1968, which were part of the larger Civil Rights Movement and Black Power movement in the United States. The neighborhood is bordered by North Avondale, Evanston, Walnut Hills, Corryville, and Clifton.
History
During the 19th century Avondale was a rural suburb. Its settlers were mostly Protestant families from England or Germany. It is claimed that the wife of Stephen Burton, a wealthy ironworks owner, began calling the area Avondale in 1853 after she saw a resemblance between the stream behind her house and the Avon River in England. It was incorporated July 27, 1864, by Daniel Collier, Seth Evans and Joe C. Moores.
Between the 1870s and 1890s, the community was plagued by burglaries, vagrants, public drunkenness, and brawling. Avondale was annexed by the City of Cincinnati in 1896. After streetcar lines were laid less affluent residents settled in the neighborhood; from 1920 until after World War II, 60% of Avondale was Jewish. It remained a closed neighborhood until the construction of the Millcreek Expressway in the 1940s, which displaced residents from the Black West End neighborhood. At that time realtors only permitted Black families to move into neighborhoods which already had a Black population, and Avondale had had Black residents since the mid-nineteenth century.
After Black families began relocating to Avondale, it split into two increasingly distinct and separate North and South neighborhoods. The residents of North Avondale were able to maintain the value of their property and the character of their streets. The rest of Avondale became known for its rising crime rate, falling land values, and deteriorating housing. Absentee landlords neglected their properties and tenants often abused the buildings. By 1956, the city identified Avondale as blighted and tried to rehabilitate it, with the work from 1965 and 1975 benefitting institutions such as the University of Cincinnati and nearby hospitals. The city promised to improve the housing situation, but broke that promise by instead enacting widespread demolition for street improvements, parking, and institutional expansion, which reduced the amount of available housing.
Protests of 1967
The 1967 Protests began on June 12 and lasted several days. They were just one of 159 protests that swept cities in the United States during the "Long Hot Summer of 1967". In May 1967 Posteal Laskey Jr. was convicted as the Cincinnati Strangler. Laskey was a man accused of allegedly raping and murdering six women, and the jury's decision was considered controversial. On June 11 Peter Frakes, Laskey's cousin, picketed with a sign that read, "Cincinnati Guilty-Laskey Innocent!" Frakes was arrested by police for exercising his First Amendment rights. Incensed Black community leaders held a protest meeting on June 12 at the Abraham Lincoln statue on the corner of Reading and Rockdale Roads. Some people broke away from the protest in order to damage property.
In Avondale some of the protesters smashed, looted, damaged cars, buildings, and stores. A witness reported, "there's not a window left on Reading Road or Burnett Avenue. The youths are doing it and adults are standing by and laughing. All ages are active. Women could be seen carrying babies." The protesting spread from Avondale to Bond Hill, Winton Terrace, Walnut Hills, Corryville, Clifton, West End, and Downtown. A 15-year-old boy was critically wounded in front of a fire station that was being fired upon by a car full of alleged protesters. According to an Avondale resident, protesting was over the constant police harassment, lack of jobs, and shopkeepers "jacking up prices and selling bad products."
Governor James A. Rhodes ordered 700 Ohio National Guardsmen into Cincinnati to halt the protests. The National Guard patrolled the streets in jeeps, armed with machine guns. Protesters avoided these armed forces as the Guardsmen were given the order to kill if they were fired upon. By June 15, when the protest had been stopped, one person was dead, 63 injured, 404 had been arrested, and the city had incurred $2 million in property damage.
The day before the protests began Martin Luther King Jr. visited Zion Baptist Church in Avondale and preached a doctrine of non-violence.
Protests of 1968
Less than a year later the neighborhood erupted in protest again. The 1968 protests were in response to the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. on April 4, 1968. Tension in Avondale had already been high due to a lack of job opportunities for Black men, and the assassination escalated that tension. On April 8, around 1,500 Black community members attended a memorial held at a local recreation center.
An officer of the Congress of Racial Equality blamed white people for King's death and urged the crowd to retaliate. The crowd was orderly when it left the memorial and spilled out into the street. Nearby James Smith, a Black man, attempted to protect a jewelry store while under attack. During the struggle with the attackers, Smith accidentally shot and killed his wife with his own shotgun.
Protesting started after a rumor spread in the crowd that Smith's wife was killed by a police officer. Protesters smashed store windows and looted merchandise. More than 70 fires had been set, several of them major. Eight youths dragged a student, Noel Wright, and his wife from their car in Mount Auburn. Wright was stabbed to death and his wife was beaten.
The next night, the city was put under curfew, and nearly 1,500 National Guardsmen were brought in to subdue the protest. Several days after the protest started, two people were dead, hundreds were arrested, and the city had incurred $3 million in property damage.
Aftermath of Protests
Avondale's formerly flourishing business district along Burnet Avenue was vacated following the protests of 1967 and 1968. Many of the damaged areas were left vacant for a decade. The protests helped fuel beliefs that the city was too dangerous for families and helped accelerate "white flight" to the suburbs. Between 1960 and 1970 the city of Cincinnati lost 10% of its population, compared to a loss of just 0.3% from 1950 to 1960.
The short-term destructive nature of the protests led to decades-long punishment upon Cincinnati's Black neighborhoods as poor Black residents were further blocked from accessing regions receiving economic subsidies. However, after the protests Black community members were appointed to city boards and commissions—in 1967 all 69 members were non-Black.
Recreation
The Fleischmann Gardens park was established in 1925 on land donated by the heirs of prominent Avondale resident Charles Louis Fleischmann.
Education
Avondale is served by a branch of the Public Library of Cincinnati and Hamilton County.
South Avondale Elementary serves kindergarten through 6th grade, and is part of the Cincinnati Public Schools system. Phoenix Community Learning center is a public charter school also located in Avondale, serving kindergarten through 10th grade.
Avondale is adjacent to Xavier University and Cincinnati Children's Hospital, and in close proximity to the University of Cincinnati and its medical centers.
See also
List of incidents of civil unrest in the United States
Notes
Rucker, Walter C. and James N. Upton (2007), Encyclopedia of American race riots, Greenwood Publishing Group.
Stradling, David (2003), Cincinnati: From River City to Highway Metropolis, Arcade Publishing.
References
External links
Avondale Community Council
1967 in Ohio
1967 riots
1968 in Ohio
1968 riots
King assassination riots
Neighborhoods in Cincinnati
African-American history in Cincinnati
Riots and civil disorder in Cincinnati
African-American riots in the United States
Former municipalities in Ohio
William Johnson House may refer to:
in the United States (by state then city)
William Julius "Judy" Johnson House, Marshallton, Delaware, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in New Castle County
William A. and Ida C. Johnson House, Oskaloosa, Iowa, listed on the NRHP
William Johnson House (Ellicott City, Maryland)
William Johnson House (Natchez, Mississippi), listed on the NRHP in Adams County
William H. Johnson House, New Brunswick, New Jersey, NRHP-listed
William Johnson House in the Beaufort Historic District, South Carolina
William Johnson House (Fruitdale, South Dakota), NRHP-listed, in Butte County
William W. Johnson House, Franklin, Tennessee, listed on the NRHP in Williamson County
William Derby Johnson Jr. House, Kanab, Utah, listed on the NRHP in Kane County
Jean François Graindorge (1 July 1770 – 1 October 1810) became a brigade commander during the Napoleonic Wars and was mortally wounded while leading his troops against the British at the Battle of Bussaco in Portugal. His surname is one of the names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe, on Column 38.
Career
On 1 July 1770 Graindorge was born at Saint-Pois in the province of Normandy in France. He joined the French army on 20 September 1791 as a lieutenant of the 1st Orne Volunteer Battalion. This unit soon became part of the 37th Line Infantry Demi-Brigade and fought with the Army of the North in 1792 and 1793. Graindorge was wounded by a bullet in the right thigh near Maubeuge on 11 June 1792.
Notes
References
French generals
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
French military personnel killed in the Napoleonic Wars
French commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
People from Manche
1770 births
1810 deaths
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
Darryl Fears is an American journalist, known for his work on race, climate, conservation, and environmental justice. He joined The Washington Post as a reporter in 1999 and was one of the recipients of the 2020 Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reporting for the 2°C: Beyond the Limit series, illustrating the impact of climate change using temperature data. Prior to joining the Post, he worked for the Los Angeles Times, the Detroit Free Press, and as the city hall bureau chief for The Atlanta-Journal Constitution. Fears was born in the Tampa Bay area and graduated from Howard University. He's a member of the National Association of Black Journalists and the Society of Environmental Journalists.
References
Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Journalism winners
African-American journalists
Howard University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
DSN Music is an American record label and music licensing company that was founded in 2003 as a subsidiary of Arizona-based Digital Syndicate Network (DSN). DSN Music was founded by former EMusic executive Guy Giuliano. DSN issues music in the heavy metal and hip hop genres. The label also distributed records under subsidiary labels Tom Kat Records
DSN Music has also produced several music documentaries, and television projects such as "Crank It Up!", "Omen... Back For More" and "Static! The Rockumentary".
Roster
Action Toolbelt
Agnus Jackson
Beyond Perception
Black Eyed Children
Blackout
Blue Hail'''
Bratana
Cage9
Creeper
Deathgrip
Danimal
Defaced
Dust (band)
Edge Piece
Futile Attempt
Headless Charlie
Jonelle Marie
Left Standing
Lit Soul
Lynch
Mercury Bullet
Omen (band)
Outlaw Devils
Project Rogue
Psycho Sister
R.O.L.
Roaring Truth
Ron Marks
Salva Me
SlyKat
Society 1
Subsonic
Sylo
The Raygun Girls
The Rudy Boy Experiment
Thomas Troutman
Ugly Little Doll
Wicked Deception
World Beneath World
References
External links
Record labels established in 2003
American independent record labels
Hip hop record labels
Heavy metal record labels
American record labels
Severans can refer to:
the Severan dynasty, a lineage of Roman emperors
the followers of Severus of Antioch
erroneously, the Severians, a former Slavic tribe
Tork Kola (, also Romanized as Tork Kolā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,032, in 270 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Lieutenant-General Charles Craufurd Hay (1809–1873) was a British Army officer who became General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope.
Military career
Hay was commissioned as an ensign in the 19th Regiment of Foot on 27 June 1824. He became General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope in December 1868, in which capacity he briefly acted as Governor of Cape Colony in 1870, before retiring in September 1873. As acting governor he was sympathetic to the claims of the Griqua Chief, Nicolaas Waterboer, against the Government of the Orange Free State.
He was also colonel of the 58th Regiment of Foot and then of the 93rd Regiment of Foot.
References
|-
1809 births
1873 deaths
British Army lieutenant generals
Green Howards officers
The 2012 Campeonato Internacional de Tenis de Santos was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Santos, Brazil between 16 and 22 April 2012.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of April 9, 2012.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Enrique Bogo
Felipe Soares
João Pedro Sorgi
João Souza
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Guido Andreozzi
Damir Džumhur
Ricardo Hocevar
Marco Trungelliti
Champions
Singles
Ivo Minář def. Ricardo Hocevar, 4–6, 6–1, 6–4
Doubles
Andrés Molteni / Marco Trungelliti def. Rogério Dutra da Silva / Júlio Silva, 6–4, 6–3
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
Campeonato Internacional de Tenis de Santos
Santos Brasil Tennis Open
Clel E. Baudler (born April 4, 1939) is an American politician who served as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from the 20th district. A Republican, he was first elected to the House in 1998 and assumed office in 1999.
Career
Baudler was born and raised in Fontanelle, Iowa and resides in Greenfield. He served as a state trooper with the Iowa State Patrol for 32 years.
In the House, Baudler served on several committees, including the Agriculture, Environmental Protection, Government Oversight, and Natural Resources committees. He also serves as the chair of the Public Safety committee. He is on the board of directors of the National Rifle Association. Baudler did not seek re-election in 2018 and was succeeded by Ray Sorensen.
References
External links
Representative Clel Baudler official Iowa General Assembly site
Financial information (state office) at the National Institute for Money in State Politics
Profile at Iowa House Republicans
1939 births
Living people
People from Adair County, Iowa
American state police officers
Iowa Republicans
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
People from Greenfield, Iowa
21st-century American politicians
Ceftazidime/avibactam, sold under the brand name Avycaz among others, is a fixed-dose combination medication composed of ceftazidime, a cephalosporin antibiotic, and avibactam, a β-lactamase inhibitor. It is used to treat complicated intra-abdominal infections, urinary tract infections, and pneumonia. It is only recommended when other options are not appropriate. It is given by injection into a vein.
Common side effect include nausea, fever, liver problems, headache, trouble sleeping, and pain at the site of injection. Severe side effects may include anaphylaxis, seizures, and Clostridioides difficile-associated diarrhea. While use appears to be safe in pregnancy the medication has not been well studied in this group. Doses should be adjusted in those with kidney problems. Ceftazidime works by interfering with the building of the bacterial cell wall while avibactam works by preventing ceftazidime's breakdown.
The combination was approved for medical use in the United States and the European Union in 2015. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Resistances are increasingly been reported with the United States, Greece and Italy accounting for 80% of cases.
Medical use
Ceftazidime/avibactam is used to treat certain multidrug-resistant gram-negative infections.
Ceftazidime/avibactam is used for the treatment of:
complicated intra-abdominal infections. In these cases it is often used in combination with metronidazole, which provides coverage for anaerobic pathogens.
complicated urinary tract infections, including acute pyelonephritis, in adults.
hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia.
Bacterial activity
For many bacterial infections, it offers little or no advantage over ceftazidime monotherapy, due to the widespread expression of resistance mechanisms other than β-lactamase production. These include Haemophilus, Moraxella and Neisseria pathogens, and infections caused by Acinectobacter baumannii.
The antibacterial spectrum of ceftazidime/avibactam includes nearly all Enterobacteriaceae, including ceftazidime-resistant strains. The activity of ceftazidime/avibactam against the important hospital pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa is variable, due to the potential presence of other resistance mechanisms in addition to β-lactamase production. Synergy was observed for avibactam with ceftazidime in the Burkholderia cepacia complex.
Adverse events
When used to treat life-threatening infections, ceftazidime/avibactam is more likely than carbapenem antibiotics to cause serious adverse events, including worsening kidney function and gastrointestinal adverse effects.
Mechanism of action
Bacterial resistance to cephalosporins is often due to bacterial production of β-lactamase enzymes that deactivate these antibiotics. Avibactam inhibits some (but not all) bacterial β-lactamases. Also, some bacteria are resistant to cephalosporins by other mechanisms, and therefore avibactam doesn't work. Avibactam is not active against New Delhi metallo-β-lactamase 1 (NDM-1). Avibactam inhibits Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenemases (KPCs), and AmpC-type β-lactamases, which are resistant to the other clinically-available β-lactamases, tazobactam and clavulanic acid.
Regulatory
It was granted approval for marketing in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 2015. It was granted approval for marketing in Europe by the European Medicines Agency in 2016. During its clinical development, ceftazidime/avibactam was designated as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product under the Generating Antibiotic Incentives Now provision of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act. Development of ceftazidime/avibactam was fast-tracked by the FDA due to the shortage of drugs for treatment of infections due to antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
References
External links
Cephalosporin antibiotics
Combination antibiotics
Beta-lactamase inhibitors
AbbVie brands
AstraZeneca brands
Pfizer brands
World Health Organization essential medicines
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Michelle Dillon (born 24 May 1973 in Wembley, England) is a retired British triathlete.
Dillon's first Olympic triathlon was at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She was one of the three British athletes, along with Sian Brice and Andrew Johns, not to finish the competition. Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Dillon finished in sixth place with a time of 2:06:00.77.
Before turning to the triathlon, she was a runner, competing for Australia at the 1994 Commonwealth Games.
Michelle has been a coach for many triathletes including Stuart Hayes and Emma Pallant. She returned to competitive sport on 3 April 2016 coming second in the British Duathlon Championships. In 2018 she became 45-49F World Triathlon Champion on the Gold Coast.
Selected results
2000 Summer Olympics: DNF
2004 Summer Olympics: 6th, 2:06:00.77
2007 Győr ITU World Duathlon Championships: 2nd, 1:54:43
References
External links
ITU Profile
1973 births
Living people
Australian female long-distance runners
English female triathletes
British female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Great Britain
Sportspeople from Wembley
Duathletes
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Banlung municipality () is a municipality (krong) in Ratanakiri province, northeast of Cambodia. In 1998, it had a population of 16,999. It surrounds the provincial capital of Banlung.
Administration
As of 2020, the municipality is subdivided into 4 communes (sangkat) and further subdivided into 19 villages (phum).
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
Erlach Castle is a castle in the municipality of Erlach of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The castle was built around 1090-1100 by Burkart von Fenis, the Bishop of Basel. In 1224, the castle and town of Erlach became the property of the Counts of Nidau. In 1265, Peter II of Savoy brought the counts and their castle under the feudal authority of the House of Savoy. While under Savoy control, Peter II appointed a warden to occupy the castle and manage the castle estates. The warden knights took their name from the castle and town and became known as the von Erlach family. The von Erlach family would later produce a number of famous leaders, including Rudolf von Erlach, the victorious Swiss commander during the Battle of Laupen. By 1300 the von Erlachs were citizens of the city of Bern. After the death of Isabella of Neuchatel, the widow of the last Count of Nidau, in 1395 Erlach was managed directly by the House of Savoy. They mortgaged the town to the de Chalon family in 1407.
In 1474 it was conquered by Bernese troops during the Burgundian Wars and remained under the control of the city of Bern. The first governor of the newly captured district was Rudolf von Erlach, who had been the castellan under the de Chalon family.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Majdan may refer to:
People
Dušan Majdán (born 1987), Slovak racewalker
Joanna Majdan-Gajewska (born 1988), Polish chess player (née Majdan)
Juraj Majdan (born 1991), Slovak ice hockey player
Radosław Majdan (born 1972), Polish former football goalkeeper
Vladimír Majdan (born 1999), Slovak footballer
Places
Poland
Majdan, Białystok County, a village
Majdan, Garwolin County, a village
Majdan, Gmina Łochów, a village
Majdan, Gmina Stoczek, a village
Majdan, Gmina Wierzbno, a village
Majdan, Gmina Wojsławice, a village
Majdan, Gmina Żmudź, a village
Majdan, Hajnówka County, a settlement
Majdan, Hrubieszów County, a village
Majdan, Janów Lubelski County, a village
Majdan, Lesko County, a hamlet
Majdan, Mińsk County, a village
Majdan, Ostrołęka County, a village
Majdan, Otwock County, a village
Majdan, Suwałki County, a village
Majdan, Tomaszów Lubelski County, a settlement
Majdan, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, a settlement
Majdan, Wołomin County, a village
Serbia
Majdan (Gornji Milanovac), a village
Majdan (Novi Kneževac), a village
Majdan (Serbian mountain)
Elsewhere
Majdan (Fojnica), Bosnia and Herzegovina, a village
Majdan (Kladanj), Bosnia and Herzegovina, a village
Majdan, Zavidovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina, a village
Majdan (mountain in Kosovo)
See also
Maidan (disambiguation)
The 1946–47 season was the 48th completed season of The Football League.
This season was the first to feature a full football programme since the 1938–39 campaign. Division placings were the same as in the unfinished 1939–40 Football League.
Final division tables
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
After a tight title race involving several clubs in the First Division, Liverpool won their fifth league title, finishing one point ahead of their nearest rivals Manchester United (who won two league titles before the World War I) and Wolverhampton Wanderers (who had yet to win a First Division title). Stoke City and Blackpool completed the top five.
Leeds United were relegated in bottom place after just six wins all season. They were joined by a Brentford side who failed to match their promising pre-war form, and they would not return to the top flight until 2021.
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1946-47 in English football
1946 in association football
1947 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1
The Trinidadian and Tobagonian Ambassador in Beijing is the official representative of the Government in Port of Spain to the Government of China.
List of representatives
China–Trinidad and Tobago relations
References
China
Trinidad and Tobago
The Central de Abasto (Supply Center) is Mexico City's main wholesale market for produce and other foodstuffs run similarly to traditional public markets. It was constructed to be the meeting point for producers, wholesalers, retailers and consumers for the entire country. Located in the eastern borough of Iztapalapa, it is the most important commercial establishment in Mexico and the largest of its kind in the world. The market handles over 30,000 tons of merchandise daily, representing 80% of the consumption of the Mexico City metropolitan area. The market was established on former farmland to ease congestion in the historic center of Mexico City.
Description and function
The Central de Abasto is one of the two large wholesale markets in Mexico City, along with the Nueva Viga market, which specializes in fish and seafood. The facility is located on a property that extends , with more than 2,000 businesses that sell principally fruit, vegetables, meat and some processed foods in a main building that covers . The project was designed by architect Abraham Zabludovsky. He designed a slightly deformed hexagon shaped building which measures 2,250 meters across. The entrances and exits are located on opposite ends of the building. In addition, there are more than sixty other installations on the property with services such as refrigeration, shipping and more. The center commercializes more than 30,000 tons of food products daily, representing 80% of the consumption of the 20 million people in the Mexico City metropolitan area. This and the Nueva Viga market are the two largest employers in Iztapalapa The market generates 70,000 jobs directly and attends to more than 300,000 people per day. Its distribution network connects with more than 1,500 points of sale, including mercados públicos, tianguis, 380 establishments associated with fifteen chain stores as well as other kinds of commercial centers. The Central de Abasto is the most important food warehouse and distribution center in Mexico and the largest institution of its kind in the world, Although most of the business conducted at the site is between wholesalers and retailers, retail sales still play a significant role.
As an officially sanctioned wholesale market, the main purpose is to be a central meeting point between large scale buyers and sellers. It is designed to be the axis of food distribution not only in Mexico City but for the entire country as well. Its volume means that the business done here is important to the setting of prices for goods and distribution patterns. It also helps with the regulation of the country's food supply to ensure adequacy and safety as its centrality eases the inspection process. This is especially true for food items such as produce, milk and meat.
The market was established and is run by the Fideicomiso Central de Abasto de la Ciudad de México, which is a trust set up in 1981 for a duration of 99 years under the Ley General de Títulos y Operaciones de Crédito. Members of the trust include the Government of Mexico City and the Secretary of Economic Development. The trust is headed by an Administrador General designated by a committee and approved by the head of the government of Mexico City. In 2002, daily operations of the market were turned over to the private sector, but with oversight by the trust. In addition to running the market, another function of the trust is to provide financing to suppliers, especially agricultural producers with little technology or credit with financing to allow them access to the principal markets of Mexico, as well as international markets.
History
From the pre Hispanic period, there were various open air markets called “tianguis” which handled most of the foodstuffs sold in Mexico City. From these, developed a number of larger fixed markets called mercados públicos. One of the earliest mercados públicos to be established in the city was the El Volador, where the Supreme Court is now located. The purpose of large, fixed markets then, as now, was to ease regulation. La Merced was another early market, established on what was the lakeshore, near docks, where farmers brought their produce in boats, to sell in the city . La Merced reached its height at the beginning of the 20th century, eventually becoming known as the “stomach of the city,” taking over most wholesale sales. However, neither La Merced nor the various others famous in the city such as Mercado de Sonora and La Lagunilla, never displaced local markets or tianguis.
Because of the growth and congestion of what is now the historic center of Mexico City, La Merced's capacity was exceeded and the area around it no longer permitted the free flow of traffic in the city center. This situation existed for many years, but came to a crisis in the 1970s, forcing authorities to seek an alternative. At that time, much of the borough of Iztapalapa was undeveloped and contained farmlands, although it had been growing. City and federal officials decided to move wholesale food sales to a new facility to be built on “chinampa” farmland, with the goal of providing better entrance and egress, more space for vendors and be better for the environment. La Merced was not shut down, but rather became focused on retail sales, still mostly in food products, but not exclusively.
The relatively open land in Izatapalapa meant not only a larger facility but the construction of wider and better roads for shipping. However, the land that was appropriated for the project in the 1970s, was the last of the pre Hispanic chinampas in Iztapalapa, artificial islands originally near lake shore created for agriculture. The establishment of the Cental de Abastos would effectively eliminate this tradition in this part of the city.
Construction of the new facility began in 1981, designed by Abraham Zabludovsky . The project allowed for large scale excavations to be held in the area, important as it was part of the Culhuacan dominion and important up until Aztec times as the site of the Cerro de la Estrella and the New Fire ceremony. There was not time to excavate everything before construction, so archeologist covered unexcavated structures with protective material called “geotextile” to preserve them for future excavations. Construction was finished in 1982 and the facility was inaugurated in November of the same year, by President José López Portillo . It was considered to be the most important infrastructure project of the decade.
Since that time, the market has remained very important, but its establishment has created a number of problems. Since the 1970s, the borough of Iztapalapa around the market, has grown tremendously and now it is over 90% urbanized. This has returned the traffic related problems that plagued the La Merced market. This is particularly true on the north side which opens onto Eje 3 Oriente, which is the main access to the facility. Another problem is the amount of refuse that the facility generates. Neighbors next to the federally owned property have complained of large mounds of trash accumulating on the periphery. In some areas, such as on the Eje 6 roadway, the garbage spills over into the public venue, along with rocks and chemicals.
However, the most serious problem to have plagued the market and the area around is crime. The borough of Iztapalpa has become one of the most crime ridden in Mexico City, but the market is a particular attraction for certain types of crime. Because of the large number of truckers and others that regularly enter and leave the area, the facility has become a magnet for prostitution. This includes the prostitution of minors. There are also significant problems with underage workers, and small scale drug trafficking.
However, the most serious threat is robbery and kidnapping. Robbery of merchandise, shipments and money, including violent episodes, is a constant concern, and many merchants have private security. NGO's related to the kidnapping problem in Mexico such as Consejo para la Ley y los Derechos Humanos state that merchants from the facility are targeted by gangs associated with this crime. The targets include the merchants themselves, but more often it is family members. One recent case was the kidnapping and murder of Antonio Equihua Peralta, the minor son of one of an Abasto merchant. In the last ten years, there have been 286 proven cases of people associated with the market who have been held against their will. Police have conducted raids and other operations to improve security over the years. Market official and police have claimed that crime statistics as of 2007 have significantly improved, up to 90% from highs over the tenure of current administrator Raymundo Collins Flores. However, market merchants have demanded more security including the installation of 4,000 surveillance cameras and the establishment of 4,000 member police squad specifically to the market.
Over twenty five years after the federal government expropriated fifty chinampa properties to build the facility, former owners are still demanding return for the loss of their cropland. At the time, the farmers received forty pesos per square meter. However, many claims that since much of the land was never built on, it should be sold back to the original owners for the equivalent price. Most of the claimants are over fifty who lost their only means of subsistence with the loss of their lands.
References
Retail markets in Mexico City
Food markets
Iztapalapa
Suheli may refer to:
Suheli Par, an uninhabited atoll in the Lakshadweep, India
Suheli River, a river in Uttar Pradesh, India
Taunggyi District () is a district of Shan State in Burma. The principal town and administrative center is Taunggyi. This district has 12 towns and 3001 villages.
Popular tourist sites, Inle Lake and Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary lies in this district.
Administrative divisions
The district contains the following townships:
Kalaw Township
Lawksawk Township
Nyaungshwe Township
Pekon Township
Taunggyi Township
Pindaya Township (part of the Danu Self-Administered Zone)
Ywangan Township (part of the Danu Self-Administered Zone)
Hopong Township (part of the Pa'O Self-Administered Zone)
Hsi Hseng Township (part of the Pa'O Self-Administered Zone)
Pinlaung Township (part of the Pa'O Self-Administered Zone)
References
Districts of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
Christopher Patrick Coleman (born 10 June 1970) is a Welsh professional football manager and former player, who is the current manager of Super League Greece club Atromitos.
As a player, Coleman usually played in defence, while also occasionally appearing as a forward. He began his career at Manchester City, leaving as a teenager to make his debut for hometown team Swansea City in 1987. In 1991, he joined Crystal Palace, whom he represented in the Premier League. He spent a year-and-a-half at league champions Blackburn Rovers before signing for Fulham in 1997, helping the team to two promotions from the third tier to the top flight. He won 32 caps playing for Wales. Coleman's playing career ended at the age of 32, when his leg was broken in a car crash.
Following this, he started his coaching career at Fulham. In his first full season as manager, he guided the club to ninth place in the 2003–04 Premier League. After leaving Fulham, Coleman was appointed manager of Real Sociedad, where he resigned in January 2008 due to differences with the incoming president. He returned to England to manage Coventry City, but was dismissed in May 2010 following a poor run of results. Coleman then managed Greek side AEL for the first half of the 2011–12 season before resigning due to financial troubles at the club. In 2012, he took over as Wales national team manager after the death of Gary Speed, and led Wales to UEFA Euro 2016, their first major tournament since the 1958 FIFA World Cup, where they made the semi-finals.
Early life
Coleman was born in Swansea to an Irish father and has two sisters. He was educated at St Joseph's Roman Catholic Primary School and Bishop Vaughan Catholic School. Coleman has been nicknamed "Cookie" since childhood, as friends likened his eating habits to the Cookie Monster from Sesame Street.
Playing career
Club
Swansea City
The first professional team Coleman was contracted to was Manchester City, aged 16, although he later left them, citing homesickness as the major reason. He then joined his hometown club Swansea City.
He made his first professional appearance for them aged 17, in the autumn of 1987. He made nearly 200 appearances for the south Wales club and helped win the Welsh Cup in 1989 and 1991.
Crystal Palace
After spending four years with Swansea, Coleman was signed by Crystal Palace in 1991 for a transfer fee set by a Football League tribunal at around £270,000, plus a percentage of any future sale. After making 143 appearances, scoring 16 goals in that period – a 1 in 9 record explained by the fact that manager Steve Coppell often used Coleman as a makeshift centre forward. Palace finished 10th in Coleman's first season at Selhurst Park, but they were relegated from the new FA Premier League in his second season (although they did reach the semi-finals of the League Cup). They won promotion as Division One champions at the first attempt, but went straight back down again despite reaching the semi-finals of both cups that season. Coleman was sold to Blackburn Rovers, the defending league champions, for £2.8 million in December 1995. While at Palace, he was capped for Wales at senior level for the first time.
In 2005, Palace supporters voted Coleman into their Centenary XI.
Blackburn Rovers
Coleman joined Premier League champions Blackburn Rovers for a fee of £2.8 million. Blackburn did not retain the Premier League title they had won in 1995, and finished seventh, just missing out on a UEFA Cup place. Coleman made 28 league appearances over his season-and-a-half at the club, and when he found himself out of the starting line-up too often (not helped by a persistent Achilles injury), he took the gamble to further his career by dropping two divisions to join Fulham.
Fulham
Fulham, at the time in the second tier, were financed by wealthy businessman Mohamed Al-Fayed, and were able to spend a record transfer fee for the division and club, of £2.1 million for Coleman in late 1997. He quickly became club captain, and led Fulham to promotion under manager Kevin Keegan in 1998–99 to the First Division.
He remained captain and a regular in the team under new manager Jean Tigana in the 2000–01 season as Fulham made a successful start to the campaign. However, Coleman's career was effectively ended midway through the season, after he broke his leg in a car crash, near Bletchingley in Surrey on 2 January 2001, just days before an FA Cup tie against Manchester United. He never recovered from this injury despite playing a reserve fixture in March 2002, a game that only served as an indication that he would never again play at the highest level of English football. He announced his retirement as a player in October 2002, but stayed at the West London club as a member of the coaching staff.
International
Coleman was eligible to play for his birth country of Wales, for the Republic of Ireland through his Dublin-born father, and also for the United States via his maternal grandfather.
Coleman was capped by Wales at school, youth, under-21 and senior levels. His only competitive football appearance after his leg injuries came for Wales on 14 May 2002, when he was called up to the squad as a replacement for Danny Gabbidon, and then came on as a late substitute for goalscorer Robert Earnshaw in the 1–0 win over Germany at the Millennium Stadium.
Managerial career
Fulham
Coleman joined Fulham's coaching staff in October 2002 under Tigana. He later succeeded the Frenchman as caretaker manager in April 2003, and steered Fulham away from relegation danger. He was named as Fulham's permanent manager in May 2003, beating the more experienced Klaus Toppmöller and George Burley to the post, and also became the youngest manager in the Premier League.
His first full season in charge saw Fulham finish a surprise ninth place, as many pundits tipped them to struggle and for Coleman to be sacked. Many of Fulham's key players, such as Edwin van der Sar, Louis Saha, Steed Malbranque and Luís Boa Morte, were sold in the following years and Fulham did not repeat their earlier successes under Coleman though he kept them clear of relegation. He was sacked on 10 April 2007 in a move that caught some observers by surprise, after a seven-game winless run that left the club four points above the relegation zone.
Real Sociedad
Coleman moved abroad to manage recently relegated Segunda División side Real Sociedad on 4 July 2007, after being recommended to the club by fellow Welshman and former Real Sociedad manager John Toshack. He was linked with Bolton Wanderers in October 2007
though nothing came of it. With the club in 5th place and having only lost once in its previous eleven games, Coleman resigned as manager on 16 January 2008, citing a divergence in vision for the club with newly elected President Iñaki Badiola.
Coventry City
Coleman was appointed manager of Championship club Coventry City on 19 February 2008, signing a three-and-a-half-year contract. He replaced Iain Dowie, who had been sacked by new owner Ray Ranson.
On 26 August 2008, the BBC reported that Coleman was no longer interested in the Wales national team. He later said that his words had been misinterpreted; when answering a question on whether Coventry striker Freddy Eastwood was fit to play for Wales, he meant to say that he wanted Eastwood fit for club before returning to international duty. On 4 May 2010, Coleman was sacked following Coventry's 19th-place finish during the 2009–10 season, their lowest league finish in more than 45 years. They would be relegated two years later.
AEL
On 26 May 2011, Coleman was appointed as manager of Greek side AEL. In January 2012, Coleman announced that because of financial troubles at the club he would be quitting from his position as manager.
Wales
On 19 January 2012, Coleman was appointed team manager of the Wales national team, as successor to his friend Gary Speed, who had died the previous November. After letting his assistant Osian Roberts take charge in Speed's memorial match against Costa Rica in February, his first game in charge was a 2–0 defeat against Mexico at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on 27 May.
Wales' first match in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification was on 7 September at home to Belgium, with centre back James Collins sent off for a late lunge on Guillaume Gillet in the 25th minute of an eventual 0–2 loss. Four days later in Novi Sad, the team lost 6–1 to Serbia; Coleman said in October 2015 that he considered leaving his post after the defeat. After becoming the first Welsh manager to lose his first five games, Coleman got his first win on 12 October 2012, a 2–1 victory against Scotland. On 26 March 2013, in a qualifier against Croatia at the Liberty Stadium, Wales led 1–0 for the majority of the game through a Gareth Bale penalty, but two late goals from the opponents ended any hopes of qualification.
In October 2015, Coleman led Wales to their best ever position on the FIFA World Rankings, 8th. On 10 October, their qualification for the UEFA Euro 2016 tournament was confirmed, a first tournament qualification since 1958. The team came first in their group in France, and eliminated Northern Ireland and Belgium to reach the semi-finals, losing to eventual champions Portugal. Coleman received interest from other teams due to his management of the Welsh team at the tournament.
On 23 May 2016, it was announced at a Football Association of Wales press conference that Coleman had signed a two-year contract extension to take in the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign. Wales's 1–0 home loss to the Republic of Ireland on 9 October 2017 meant that they were eliminated from qualification. Coleman resigned as Wales manager on 17 November.
Sunderland
On 19 November 2017, Coleman was appointed as the new manager of under-performing Championship club Sunderland. He replaced a dismissed Simon Grayson, who had left the Black Cats third from bottom of the league table in twenty-second place and within the relegation drop zone. Coleman's first game in charge was a 2–1 defeat at Aston Villa, two days after his appointment. By the conclusion of 2017, Sunderland had collected eleven points, out of a possible twenty-four, under Coleman's guidance, briefly lifting out of the relegation zone into twenty-first place, following a satisfactory run of form.
During the winter transfer window, Coleman was informed that club chairman Ellis Short had refused to invest any more money into player transfers, with the American businessman announcing his intentions to sell the club. Joining the club for free of charge included the loan signings of Jake Clarke-Salter from Chelsea, Ovie Ejaria from Liverpool, Lee Camp from Cardiff City and Ashley Fletcher from fierce rivals Middlesbrough; Kazenga LuaLua was the only permanent transfer that window, joining from Brighton & Hove Albion on a free transfer.
After their transfer window nightmare, Sunderland went on a nine-game winless run, ending when they defeated Derby County 4–1 at Pride Park. This was Coleman's final victory in charge of Sunderland; his final six games saw the Black Cats record three draws and three defeats. Relegation to League One was confirmed following a 2–1 defeat against Burton Albion at the Stadium of Light. His final game in charge was a 2–1 defeat to Fulham. On 29 April 2018, Coleman was dismissed shortly following the club's sale.
Hebei China Fortune
On 10 June 2018, Coleman was appointed as the head coach of Chinese club Hebei China Fortune, as successor to Manuel Pellegrini, who left the side to return to the Premier League with West Ham United. The club had become notable during the year for completing the high-profile signing of Javier Mascherano from Spanish La Liga giants Barcelona. His side finished the 2018 Super League season in sixth position, two places and fourteen points adrift from qualification to the 2019 AFC Champions League.
Coleman's side struggled to adapt in the 2019 league campaign, with the club sat in fifteenth place, in the relegation zone, following nine games. Having only won one game that league season, a 2–1 victory over Shanghai Greenland Shenhua, he was sacked on 15 May due to poor performance.
Personal life
He is married to TV presenter Charlotte Jackson. They had a son at the end of 2014. Coleman's godson is Republic of Ireland international Ronan Curtis, who plays as a forward for Portsmouth.
In June 2010, Coleman worked as a commentator for ITV at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. He has also worked as a commentator and pundit for Sky Sports. For Euro 2020, he is working for ESPN.
On 20 October 2016 he was awarded the Freedom of the City of Swansea. Coleman was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2017 New Year Honours for services to football. In 2017, he was awarded an honorary degree from his hometown's University of Swansea, and fellowships at three other Welsh universities. In July 2017, he endorsed the Welsh Government's project to double the number of speakers of Welsh by 2050.
Career statistics
Managerial statistics
Honours
Player
Swansea City
Welsh Cup: 1988–89, 1990–91
Crystal Palace
Football League First Division: 1993–94
Fulham
Football League Second Division: 1998–99
Football League First Division: 2000–01
Individual
Football League Third Division PFA Team of the Year: 1988–89, 1990–91
Football League Second Division PFA Team of the Year: 1997–98, 1998–99
Football League First Division PFA Team of the Year: 1999–2000, 2000–01
Crystal Palace Player of the Year: 1994
Manager
Wales
3rd (Joint) Euro 2016
Individual
Football League Championship Manager of the Month: February 2009
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Welsh people of Irish descent
Welsh people of American descent
Welsh Roman Catholics
Footballers from Swansea
Welsh footballers
Wales schools international footballers
Wales youth international footballers
Wales under-21 international footballers
Wales international footballers
Association football defenders
Manchester City F.C. players
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
English Football League players
Premier League players
Welsh football managers
Fulham F.C. managers
Real Sociedad managers
Coventry City F.C. managers
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. managers
Wales national football team managers
Sunderland A.F.C. managers
Hebei F.C. managers
Premier League managers
Segunda División managers
English Football League managers
UEFA Euro 2016 managers
Welsh expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Spain
Expatriate football managers in Greece
Expatriate football managers in China
Welsh expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Welsh expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Welsh expatriate sportspeople in China
British association football commentators
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Chinese Super League managers
Boshruy (, also Romanized as Boshrūy) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 360, in 93 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1975 Bulgarian Cup Final was the 35th final of the Bulgarian Cup (in this period the tournament was named Cup of the Soviet Army), and was contested between Slavia Sofia and Lokomotiv Sofia on 21 June 1975 at Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia. Slavia won the final 3–2.
Match
Details
See also
1974–75 A Group
References
Bulgarian Cup finals
PFC Slavia Sofia matches
Chinese University Basketball Association (CUBA, ) was founded in 1996 and the league was launched in 1998. It is the most competitive and popular college basketball competition in China. This event is held annually and divided into the preliminary stage and the final stage, in which the national championship team is decided through a bracket style elimination event. In 2015, the competing Chinese University Basketball Super League (CUBS) merged into CUBA.
Unlike other Chinese athletic organizations, CUBA is a privately funded organization with no affiliation with the Chinese government. Similar to that of the NCAA, the rules of CUBA grant eligibility only to amateur players. CUBA was originally intended to mirror the NCAA Men's Basketball.
Divisions
The league is divided into four divisions, mostly based on the geographical location of the teams. The top two teams in each division qualify for the CUBA Big Eight (quarter-finals).
National champions
Man 's
1999 University of Electronic Science and Technology of China
2000 Huaqiao University
2001 Northeast Normal University
2002 Shandong University of Science and Technology
2003 Huaqiao University
2004 Huazhong University of Science and Technology
2005 Huaqiao University
2006 Huaqiao University
2007 Huaqiao University
2008 Huaqiao University
2009 China University of Mining and Technology
2010 Taiyuan University of Technology
2011 Huaqiao University
2012 Taiyuan University of Technology
2013 Huaqiao University
2014 Peking University
2015 Huaqiao University
2016 Tsinghua University
2017 Peking University
2018 Peking University
2019 Peking University
Woman 's
1999 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2000 China University of Mining and Technology
2001 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2002 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2003 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2004 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2005 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2006 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2007 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2008 Tianjin University of Finance and Economics
2009 Beijing Normal University
2010 Beijing Normal University
2011 Beijing Normal University
2012 Beijing Normal University
2013 Beijing Normal University
Source:
See also
Sport in China
China men's national basketball team
China women's national basketball team
Chinese Basketball Association (CBA)
National Basketball League (China) (NBL)
Women's Chinese Basketball Association (WCBA)
References
External links
Basketball leagues in China
College basketball
"Pardonne-moi ce caprice d'enfant" (English translation: "Forgive me that childish vagary") is a song by French singer Mireille Mathieu, which was a summer hit in 1970.
It sold somewhere between 200,000 and 400,000 copies that year in France.
Track listings
Charts
References
External links
1970 songs
1970 singles
Mireille Mathieu songs
Songs written by Patricia Carli
Ruins of Sissacherfluh Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Sissach of the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Paspels () is a former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Almens, Paspels, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils merged to form the new municipality of Domleschg.
History
Paspels is first mentioned in 1237 as in villa Pascuals though the original record no longer exists. In 1246 it was mentioned as de Pascuals.
Geography
Before the merger, Paspels had a total area of . Of this area, 33.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 56.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 6.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (3.9%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. It consists of a linear village and a haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) on a terrace above the Hinterrhine as well as the hamlets of Dusch and Canova.
Canovasee is a lake located in the municipality.
Demographics
Paspels had a population (as of 2013) of 475. , 3.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 11.8%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.4% male and 52.6% female. The age distribution, , in Paspels is; 72 people or 17.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 29 people or 7.1% are 10 to 14, and 19 people or 4.6% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 26 people or 6.4% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 65 people or 15.9% are 30 to 39, 70 people or 17.1% are 40 to 49, and 46 people or 11.2% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 38 people or 9.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 26 people or 6.4% are 70 to 79, there are 16 people or 3.9% who are 80 to 89, and there are 2 people or 0.5% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SPS which received 39.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (23%), the FDP (17.8%) and the CVP (15.7%).
In Paspels about 81.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Paspels has an unemployment rate of 0.6%. , there were 18 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 6 businesses involved in this sector. 8 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 63 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 14 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (94.4%), with Romansh being second most common ( 3.7%) and Italian being third ( 1.0%).
Heritage sites of national significance
The Church of S. Luregn/St. Lorenz and the Chapel of S. Maria-Magdalena in the hamlet of Dusch are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance. The early medieval Church of S. Luregn/St. Lorenz was first mentioned in 1237. It was the parish church for the right side of the Hinterrhein valley. The Chapel of S. Maria-Magdalena was built in 1508 and was initially under the monastery of Churwalden. However, in the 16th Century, the hamlet of Dusch converted to the Reformation and therefore the chapel was also converted.
References
External links
Official Web site
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Populated places disestablished in 2015
2015 disestablishments in Switzerland
Domleschg
The 2021–22 Saudi Professional League was the 46th edition of the Saudi Professional League, the top Saudi professional league for association football clubs, since its establishment in 1976. Fixtures for the 2021–22 season were announced on 18 July 2021.
Al-Hilal were the two-time defending champions after winning their 17th title last season. Al-Fayha, Al-Hazem, and Al-Tai join as the three promoted clubs from the 2020–21 MS League. They replace Al-Ain, Al-Qadsiah, and Al-Wehda who were relegated to the 2021–22 MS League.
On 27 June, Al-Hilal secured their eighteenth league title in the final matchday following a 2–1 home win against Al-Faisaly. It was also the club's third consecutive title and fifth in the last six seasons. Al-Hazem were the first team to be relegated following a 5–2 defeat away to Al-Ettifaq on 21 May. In the final matchday, both Al-Faisaly and Al-Ahli were relegated following a defeat to Al-Hilal and a draw with Al-Shabab respectively.
Overview
Sponsorship
On 8 August 2021, the Saudi Professional League announced that they had signed a sponsorship deal with real estate company Roshn. On 9 August 2021, the Saudi FF signed a sponsorship deal with Chinese tech company Lenovo to become the official technology partner of all Saudi football competitions.
Changes
On 8 August 2021, Ministry of Sports announced that they had increased the capacity limit from 40% to 60% in all stadiums. It was also announced that children under 12 wouldn't be allowed to attend matches and that the attendance would be limited to those who are fully vaccinated.
Teams
Sixteen teams will compete in the league – the top thirteen teams from the previous season and the three teams promoted from the MS League.
Teams who were promoted to the Pro League
The first club to be promoted was Al-Hazem, who were promoted following a 4–2 away win against Al-Sahel on 20 April 2021. Al-Hazem will play in the top flight of Saudi football after a season's absence. Al-Hazem were crowned champions following a 1–0 away win against Hajer on 21 May 2021.
The second club to be promoted was Al-Fayha, following a 0–0 home draw with Al-Tai on 20 May 2021. Al-Fayha will play in the top flight of Saudi football after a season's absence.
The third and final club to be promoted was Al-Tai who were promoted on the final matchday following a 2–0 away win over Arar. Al-Tai will play in the top flight of Saudi football for the first time since the 2007–08 season.
Teams who were relegated to the MS League
The first club to be relegated was Al-Ain, who were relegated after only a year in the top flight following a 2–0 defeat away to Al-Nassr on 14 May 2021.
In the final matchday, both Al-Qadsiah and Al-Wehda were relegated following a draw with Abha and a loss against Al-Shabab respectively. Al-Qadsiah were relegated after only a year in the top flight while Al-Wehda were relegated after three years in the top flight.
Stadiums
Note: Table lists in alphabetical order.
Personnel and kits
1 On the back of the strip.
2 On the right sleeve of the strip.
3 On the shorts.
Managerial changes
Foreign players
The policy of foreign players remained unchanged. Clubs can register a total of seven foreign players over the course of the season.
Players name in bold indicates the player is registered during the mid-season transfer window.
League table
Positions by round
The following table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches. In order to preserve the chronological evolution, any postponed matches are not included to the round at which they were originally scheduled but added to the full round they were played immediately afterward. If a club from the Saudi Professional League wins the King Cup, they will qualify for the AFC Champions League, unless they have already qualified for it through their league position. In this case, an additional AFC Champions League group stage berth will be given to the 3rd placed team, and the AFC Champions League play-off round spot will be given to 4th.
Results
Season statistics
Scoring
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Notes
(H) – Home; (A) – Away
Most assists
Clean sheets
Discipline
Player
Most yellow cards: 10
Saeed Al-Rubaie (Al-Ettifaq)
Ismael (Al-Faisaly)
Most red cards: 2
Marwane Saâdane (Al-Fateh)
Ammar Al-Daheem (Al-Fateh)
Abdullah Al-Shammeri (Al-Hazem)
Mohammed Al-Khabrani (Al-Ahli)
Éver Banega (Al-Shabab)
Talisca (Al-Nassr)
Club
Most yellow cards: 77
Al-Ahli
Al-Taawoun
Most red cards: 8
Al-Ettifaq
Attendances
By round
By team
A match played behind closed doors is not included.
Awards
Monthly awards
References
1
Saudi Professional League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Franz Josef Maria Werner (15 August 1867 in Vienna – 28 February 1939 in Vienna) was an Austrian zoologist and explorer. Specializing as a herpetologist and entomologist, Werner described numerous species and other taxa of frogs, snakes, insects, and other organisms.
His father introduced him at age six to reptiles and amphibians. A brilliant student, he corresponded often with George Albert Boulenger (1858–1937) and Oskar Boettger (1844–1910) who encouraged his studies with these animals. Werner obtained his doctorate in Vienna in 1890 and then after spending a year in Leipzig, began to teach at the Vienna Institute of Zoology. In 1919, he became tenured as a professor, maintaining this title until his retirement in 1933.
Although working close to the Vienna Natural History Museum, he could not use their herpetological collections, after the death of its director, Franz Steindachner (1834–1919), who did not like Werner, and had barred him from accessing the collections.
Werner succeeded in constituting an immense personal collection, and published more than 550 publications principally on herpetology. He named many new species of reptiles, amphibians, and arthropods, of which he specialized in orthopterans and scorpions.
He published in 1931, Dritte Klasse der Craniota: dritte und zugleich letzte Klasse der Ichthyopsida: Amphibia, Lurche: allgemeine Einleitung in said Naturgeschichte der Amphibia. His book, Amphibien und Reptilien (1910), contributed to the popularization of terraphilia, or raising pet reptiles and amphibians in terraria.
Nota bene: Franz Werner should not be confused with Israeli herpetologist Yehudah L. Werner (born 1931).
List of taxa described by Franz Werner
higher order taxa
Family: Leptodactylidae (Werner, 1896) (49 genera of Southern frogs or tropical frogs)
Subfamily: Leptodactylinae (Werner, 1896)
Genus: Astylosternus (Werner, 1898)
Species
Fishes
Himantura schmardae (Werner, 1904) (Chupare Stingray)
Neobola nilotica Werner, 1919
Amphibians
Frogs and Toads
Turkish Frog, Rana holtzi (Werner, 1898)
Rana leporipes (Werner, 1930)
Nikkō Frog, Rana ornativentris (Werner, 1903)
Garman New Guinea Tree Frog, Litoria jeudii (Werner, 1901)
Humming Frog, Neobatrachus pelobatoides (Werner, 1914)
Eleutherodactylus affinis (Werner, 1899)
Eleutherodactylus appendiculatus (Werner, 1894)
Eleutherodactylus bisignatus (Werner, 1899)
Eleutherodactylus frater (Werner, 1899)
Eleutherodactylus laevissimus (Werner, 1896)
Eleutherodactylus rostralis (Werner, 1896)
Rheobates palmatus (Werner, 1899)
Astylosternus diadematus (Werner, 1898)
Leptopelis boulengeri (Werner, 1898)
Leptopelis brevirostris (Werner, 1898)
Leptopelis modestus (Werner, 1898)
Craugastor laevissimus (Werner, 1896)
Craugastor rostralis (Werner, 1896)
Eleutherodactylus affinis (Werner, 1899)
Eleutherodactylus appendiculatus (Werner, 1894)
Eleutherodactylus bisignatus (Werner, 1899)
Eleutherodactylus frater (Werner, 1899)
Phrynopus columbianus (Werner, 1899)
Atelopus subornatus (Werner, 1899)
Chaunus limensis (Werner, 1901)
Chaunus schneideri (Werner, 1894)
Rhaebo nasicus (Werner, 1903)
Wolterstorffina parvipalmata (Werner, 1898)
Telmatobius verrucosus (Werner, 1899)
Cycloramphus asper (Werner, 1899)
Cycloramphus bolitoglossus (Werner, 1897)
Fejervarya schlueteri (Werner, 1893)
Hypsiboas pellucens (Werner, 1901)
Osteocephalus verruciger (Werner, 1901)
Scinax dolloi (Werner, 1903)
Sphaenorhynchus platycephalus (Werner, 1894)
Litoria jeudii (Werner, 1901)
Afrixalus quadrivittatus (Werner, 1908)
Incertae sedis: Hyperolius papyri (Werner, 1908)
Hyperolius balfouri (Werner, 1908)
Neobatrachus pelobatoides (Werner, 1914)
Oreophryne brachypus (Werner, 1898)
Oreophryne wolterstorffi (Werner, 1901)
Plethodontohyla angulifera (Werner, 1903)
Phrynomantis annectens (Werner, 1910)
Ptychadena aequiplicata (Werner, 1898)
Ptychadena schillukorum (Werner, 1908)
Incertae Sedis: Rana temporaria var. nigromaculata (Werner, 1897)
Huia leporipes (Werner, 1930)
Rana holtzi (Werner, 1898)
Rana ornativentris (Werner, 1903)
Buergeria pollicaris (Werner, 1914)
Salamanders
Bolitoglossa dofleini (Werner, 1903)
Bolitoglossa palmata (Werner, 1897)
Caecilians
Crotaphatrema bornmuelleri (Werner, 1899)
Reptiles
Snakes
Vipera bornmuelleri (Werner, 1898)
Daboia palaestinae (Werner, 1938)
Bothrops oligolepis (Werner, 1901)
Atheris ceratophora (Werner, 1895)
Macrovipera schweizeri (Werner, 1935)
Paranaja multifasciata (Werner, 1902)
Elaphe persica (Werner, 1913)
Elapsoidea laticincta (Werner, 1919)
Coluber andreanus (Werner, 1917)
Lampropeltis triangulum arcifera (Werner, 1903)
Leptotyphlops rubrolineatus (Werner, 1901)
Micrurus diastema alienus (Werner, 1903)
Micrurus diastema sapperi (Werner, 1903)
Micrurus frontifasciatus (Werner, 1927)
Micrurus lemniscatus frontifasciatus (Werner, 1927)
Micrurus multifasciatus hertwigi (Werner, 1897)
Micrurus steindachneri steindachneri (Werner, 1901)
Morelia spilota macrospila (Werner, 1910)
Chrysopelea ornata ornatissima (Werner, 1925)
Lizards
Werner's Leaf-toed Gecko, Asaccus elisae
Ebner's Skink, Chalcides ebneri ( Werner, 1931)
Gastropholis prasina ( Werner, 1904)
Amphibaenians
Monopeltis leonhardi
Insects
Creobroter fasciatus (Werner, 1927) (a west Asian mantid)
Hebardiella karnyi (Werner, 1924) (a west Asian mantid)
Hebardiella rehni (Werner, 1924) (a west Asian mantid)
Taxa named in honor of Franz Werner
Achalinus werneri (snake species)
Aparallactus werneri (snake species)
Arthroseps werneri (lizard species) = Ecpleopus gaudichaudii
Atractus werneri (snake species)
Chamaelycus werneri (snake species)
Clarias werneri Boulenger, 1906 Walking Catfish from Africa.
Dendropsophus werneri (frog species)
Dipsadoboa werneri (snake species)
Firmicus werneri (spider species)
Iguanognathus werneri (snake species)
Olios werneri (spider species)
Pachydactylus werneri (gecko species)
Stenaelurillus werneri (spider species)
Trioceros werneri (chameleon species)
Werneria (genus of toads)
Xenodon werneri (snake species)
References
Further reading
Adler, Kraig (1989). Contributions to the History of Herpetology. [Volume 1]. St. Louis, Missouri: Society for the Study of Amphibians and Reptiles (SSAR). 202 pp. .
External links
Amphibian Species of the World from the American Museum of Natural History.
Austrian entomologists
Austrian herpetologists
1867 births
1939 deaths
Scientists from Vienna
Jaleh Amouzgar (, born 4 December 1939 in Khoy, West Azerbaijan) is an Iranologist and a university professor.
Life
Amouzgar holds a Ph.D. from Sorbonne University in Iranistics (Iranian linguistics). She is currently chairman of the department of Ancient Iranian Culture and Languages at the Tehran University.
Prof. Amouzgar, in collaboration with Prof. Ahmad Tafazzoli, has contributed significantly to Ancient Iranian studies and the history of literature in ancient Iran. She has also associated with the Encyclopædia Iranica project at Columbia University.
She has won numerous awards including Chevalier of the Legion of Honor and Persian Cypress Award (an Iranian Cultural Heritage Prize) in 2016.
Works
Zoroastrian myth of life
Pahlavi language, literature and instructions
Mythological history of Iran
The first samples and the first man on legendary Iranian Shahriyar (translation)
Le Cinquieme Livre Du Denkard, Ahmad Tafazzuli (Translator), Peeters, 2001-01-01,
See also
Iranistics
Persian culture
List of famous Persian women
References
External links
Biography of Jaleh Amouzgar
Portrait of Jaleh Amouzgar
Iranian Iranologists
Linguists of Persian
Grammarians of Persian
Linguists from Iran
Iranian grammarians
20th-century Iranian historians
University of Paris alumni
University of Tehran faculty
1939 births
People from Khoy
Living people
Iranian women academics
Iranian expatriates in France
U.S. Route 287 (US-287) is a north-south highway that starts at the Texas state line north of Kerrick, Texas, and ends at the Colorado state line south of Campo, Colorado.
Route description
In Oklahoma, US-287 remains within Cimarron County, located at the end of the Panhandle. After crossing the state line north of Kerrick, Texas, the highway intersects State Highway 171 (SH-171) at its southern terminus. US-287 continues northwest, crossing the Beaver River, toward Boise City. On the east side of town, the highway crosses US-56, US-64, and US-412, and forms a concurrency with SH-3. After about , the highway forms a concurrency with US-385 and OK 3. These three highways head north to the Colorado state line. SH-3 ends there, while US-287 and US-385 continue onward into Colorado.
History
On May 28, 2021 Oklahoma governor Kevin Stitt signed legislation designating a roughly 20-mile portion of U.S. 287 between Boise City and the Oklahoma-Texas border as the President Donald J. Trump Highway, effective as of November 1.
Junction list
References
External links
87-2
Oklahoma
Transportation in Cimarron County, Oklahoma
Bellmansro was a restaurant north of Oakhill Palace on Djurgården island in Stockholm, which opened as a catering hall in 1828. The restaurant's eventual name reflected its proximity to Johan Niclas Byström's bust of Carl Michael Bellman that was dedicated on July 26, 1829. For much of its history Bellmansro was a tavern, but in the late 19th century it became a restaurant with food service. By the early 1900s the establishment had fallen into disrepute. The building burned to the ground May 13, 1952. An annual festival, held on Bellman Day (July 26), commemorates the inauguration of the Bellman bust.
References
External links
Oakhill Palace on Djurgården island
Photos of Bellmansro at the National Library of Sweden.
Song about Bellmansro at the National Library of Sweden.
Restaurants in Stockholm
Commercial buildings completed in 1828
1952 disestablishments
Carl Michael Bellman
The Vue at Lake Eola is a residential skyscraper in Downtown Orlando. It is the third tallest building in the city, being only two feet shorter than The Peabody Orlando and shorter than the Suntrust Center. It houses 34 floors of condos and has penthouses on its top level. The penthouses have access to the balcony on the 36th floor roof of the building.
Details
When The Vue opened most of the 375 units had already been sold. The prices for the units ranged from US$500,000 to US$3 million for the top Penthouse units, as they had been purchased before the United States housing bubble burst.
The sides and "crown" of the building light up at night with blue lights. During December the side lights have a light show with red and green Christmas colors.
The building, which took about 3 years to construct, opened in January 2008 and has about of space. The building's pool is elevated about in the air, and sits next to its tennis and basketball courts which are also elevated.
See also
Downtown Orlando
Orlando, Florida
List of the tallest buildings in Orlando
References
External links
VUEOrlando.com
Residential skyscrapers in Florida
Skyscrapers in Orlando, Florida
Residential condominiums in the United States
2008 establishments in Florida
Residential buildings completed in 2008
SAP SE employs 22,000 employees globally. Employees in Germany have been represented by a works council since 2006 and also have employee and trade union representatives in the Supervisory Board. Employees in Israel are unionised with Histadrut.
Works Council
In 2006, three employees in Germany initiated the legal process of forming a Works Council with the guidance of the IG Metall trade union. In a vote held earlier, 91% of employees opposed the formation of a works council. Regardless, German labour law guarantees the right to form a Works Council, so the three initiators petitioned the German Labour Court to appoint an . SAP responded by recognizing another group of employees perceived as less close to the trade unions to administer the Works Council elections. Other companies, like IBM had works councils.
In the last Works Council election on 5 May 2022, 15/45, or one-third of all seats went to the IG Metall and Ver.di trade union lists. Two trade union representatives are chairing Works Council for the first time. Eberhard Schick from the IG Metall "Pro Mitbeistimmung" (Pro co-determination) list was voted in as the chair, with Anne Schmitz of the Ver.di "Upgrade" list as the deputy chair.
Supervisory Board
Prior to 2014, SAP was legally structured as an Aktiengesellschaft, with a 16 seat Supervisory Board. In accordance with the German Codetermination Act, half of the seats are reserved for the employer, and the remaining eight seats for employees, including two trade union representatives who are typically not employed by SAP.
In 2014 the SAP AG was transformed into a European Company (Societas Europaea; SE) or SAP SE. Employee representation on the Supervisory Board is required under the EU Employee Involvement Directive 2001 (SE-Beteiligungsgesetz; SEBG), also known as SE Works Council. Currently, SAP SE has 18 seats, with half reserved for employees.
Court rulings
The German Federal Labour Court referred a question to the European Court of Justice (C-677/20), whether federal legislation on trade union representation in a Supervisory Board is compatible with article 4 of the SE Works Council related directive, specifically whether distinct elections for trade union appointments must be maintained. The Court Advocate-General agreed that national laws with regards to trade union representatives and electoral procedures remained applicable even after the conversion into a European company.
A provision in the Agreement between SAP and the Special Negotiation Body of the SE Works Council which has not been activated yet, would allow for SAP to reduce the Supervisory Board to 12 seats, of which six are reserved for employees, four in Germany specifically. While trade unions Ver.di and IG Metall would be able to nominate representatives, they would no longer be able to hold separate elections as previously done in an Aktiengesellschaft form.
Israel
The Israeli branch of SAP is unionised under the Cellular, Internet and High-Tech Workers Union of the Histadrut trade union federation. A collective agreement signed in 2020 between SAP and Histadrut covers 800 workers in Israel.
See also
Volkswagen worker organisations
Google worker organizations
IBM worker organizations
Unionization in the tech sector
References
External
Verdi SAP portal (in German)
Employee
Tech sector trade unions
SAP
Labor relations in Germany
Music Bank may refer to:
Music Bank (TV series), a South Korean music program by KBS
Music Bank World Tour, Music Bank television program global concert tour
Music Bank (album), a box set by Alice in Chains
Music Bank: The Videos, a video release by Alice in Chains
Chopra may refer top:
Chopra (surname)
Chopratown, comedy drama from BBC
Named portions of West Bengal in India:
Chopra, Uttar Dinajpur, town
Chopra (community development block), Uttar Dinajpur district
Chopra (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (i.e., in the government assembly
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1981 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 22 February.
Results
References
1500 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
1500
Raiders from Beneath the Sea is a 1964 American adventure film directed by Maury Dexter and starring Ken Scott and Merry Anders.
Plot
A down-on-his-luck California apartment house manager hatches a plan to rob a Catalina Island bank—and escape with his accomplices using scuba gear.
Cast
Ken Scott as Bill Harper
Merry Anders as Dottie Harper
Russ Bender as Tucker
Booth Colman as Purdy
Garth Benton as Buddy
Bruce Anson as Policeman #1
Walter Maslow as Policeman #2
Stacey Winters as Bank Teller
Ray Dannis as Bowman
Larry Barton as Bank Manager
Roger Creed as Bank Guard
References
External links
Review of film at Cinema Sentries
1964 films
American black-and-white films
1964 drama films
1960s English-language films
Films directed by Maury Dexter
Shantallow () is a townland in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It is now part of the city of Derry, and is situated within Derry and Strabane district. It lies within the civil parish of Templemore and former barony of North-West Liberties of Londonderry. The townland is no longer a visible feature of Derry, being mainly built over with 20th-century housing estates.
2001 Census
Shantallow East and West are classified by the NI Statistics and Research Agency (NISRA) as being within Derry Urban Area (DUA). On Census day (29 April 2001) there were 2,748 people living in Shantallow East and 6,406 living in Shantallow West.
Of those living in Shantallow East:
29.3% were under 16 years old and 14.0% were aged 60 and above;
48.9% of the population were male and 51.1% of the population were female; and
98.3% were from a Catholic Community Background and 1.4% were from a 'Protestant and Other Christian (including Christian related) Background.
8.5% of people aged 16–74 were unemployed
Of those living in Shantallow West:
37.2% were under 16 years old and 4.8% were aged 60 and above;
47.7% of the population were male and 52.3% were female;
97.0% were from a Catholic Community Background and 2.3% were from a 'Protestant and Other Christian (including Christian related) Background.
8.8% of people aged 16–74 were unemployed
Deprivation
According to the Northern Ireland Multiple Deprivation Measure (NIMDM) of 2005, out of 582 wards in Northern Ireland, Shantallow East was ranked as the 22nd most deprived ward, while Shantallow West was ranked 47th.
References
Townlands of County Londonderry
Derry (city)
The Queensland Amateur Rugby League conducted four grade competitions during 1911 and in representative football, played three sets of three-match series against New South Wales, New Zealand and the "Northern Districts" on New South Wales. Ipswich fielded two teams in the senior QARL competition and also held two lower grade premierships. Club competitions continued in Maryborough.
Season summary
Senior Grade
The QARL Senior premiership began and ended with four teams, but six teams played during the season. From the previous season, East Brisbane did not return. Valley and Toombul fielded a combined senior team, although they fielded separate junior teams.
On May 6, "The League officials plumed their feathers yesterday afternoon, and set out in two directions— to Ipswich and the 'Gabba — for the opening of their fixtures." South Brisbane played Valley-Toombul in Brisbane and Ipswich hosted North Brisbane.
Two new teams joined the competition whilst the Queensland representative team was in Sydney. On June 3, Ipswich B hosted and defeated Valley-Toombul, by 24 to 2, on the North Ipswich Cricket Reserve. One week later, they met South Brisbane United on the Brisbane Cricket Ground, Woolloongabba. Ipswich B defeated South United, 41 to 3.
All six teams played on June 17 before the suspension of the senior competition for a benefit match to the widow and child of Micky Dore and representative matches against New Zealand. Competitions matches were played on July 15 and 22 prior to another break for a trial and matches against the Northern Districts on NSW. The six teams played when the senior competition resumed but just one week later, on August 26, North Brisbane forfeited to Ipswich B and four of their players appeared for South United.
In fixtures listed in The Queensland Times, South United were due to play Ipswich A on September 2. There is no newspaper report of that match, nor any further mention of South United, in either the Times, The Brisbane Courier, Truth or The Telegraph.
The four remaining teams played on September 9 and 16. Valley-Toombul won both their matches. Ipswich B and South Brisbane each had one win. Ipswich A lost both. On September 23, Valley-Toombul met Ipswich B in, "the final match of the second round of the Queensland Rugby League's fixtures." Scoreless at half-time, Valley-Toombul triumphed 13 to nil as, "The soaked and mud-bespattered players worked with a will along most unorthodox lines, providing fun and plenty for the onlookers, by their scrambles and slips in the mud and splashes in the pools."
In sunnier conditions the following Saturday, September 30, Valley-Toombul again met Ipswich B at the 'Gabba. Playing in their maroon and white strip, Ipswich B had a try disallowed early in the match. Later they kicked a goal from a mark. Under the rules of the time, a mark could be claimed when an opponent's kick was caught. At half-time, Ipswich B led two-nil. Superior skills in the scrums secured the Valley-Toombul navy blues a larger share of possession, and they scored three second half tries to win, 13 to 2, and claim the premiership.
At the QRFL Annual Meeting in April 1912, it was reported that Valley-Toombul played 11 matches for 9 wins, a draw and one loss.
Junior Grades
Three junior competitions were held, First Grade, Second Grade and Third Grade. Matches began on May 13, although Third Grade may have started one week later. Whilst results of some junior matches were published in the newspapers most weeks, reporting on these matches was inconsistent.
Venues used for junior matches included the Brisbane Cricket Ground (as a curtain-raiser to a senior game), Albert Park, Albion Flats, Balmoral, Bulimba, Kelvin Grove, Land's Paddock, Paddington Reserve, Toombul, Toowong and West End Reserve.
Teams in the Junior First Grade competition included Kelvin Gordon, North Brisbane, South Brisbane A, South Brisbane B, St Bridget's, Toowong and Valley.
First Grade Semi-finals were played on September 9, with Toowong beating South Brisbane A and St. Bridget's defeating the team "leading on points after the second round", South Brisbane B. On the 16th, St. Bridget's beat Toowong. In a match advertised as a "Junior Challenge Final", South Brisbane B defeated St. Bridget's 12 to nil to claim the premiership. Their record was 10 wins and 3 losses from 13 matches.
The Junior Second Grade competition comprised at least four teams: Mildura, St. Bridget's, Toombul and Violet.
In semi-finals held on September 9, Mildura defeated St. Bridget's 18-nil and Toombul 22 beat Violet 9. The result of a final, played on the 16th, was a win to Toombul by 19 points to Mildura's 5. Premiers Toombul were undefeated in their 12 matches.
The Junior Third Grade competition comprised at least six teams: Britannia, North Brisbane, South Brisbane A, South Brisbane B, Toombul and Toowong.
North Brisbane defeated Toombul in a final on September 9. However, "By virtue of being ahead in points on the second round, the Toombul club hold the right to challenge." In the second final on the following Saturday, Toombul won, but North Brisbane lodged a protest. This must have been dismissed, as Toombul were named as Junior Third Grade premiers in a report given at the QRFL Annual Meeting in April 1912. Toombul's record was 12 matches, 10 wins, 1 drawn, 1 loss. Runner's up North Brisbane played 12 matches for 8 wins, 2 draws and 2 losses.
Ipswich
Ipswich began the season with the intention of holding a local senior competition as well as two lower grades. Only two of the five clubs that had participated in the 1910 Ipswich Senior premiership nominated for 1911. One senior match was held on May 13, between Belvideres and Starlights, but both sides needed to call upon junior players. At a delegates meeting of the Ipswich Amateur Rugby League on the following Monday, May 15, there was agreement that a second Ipswich team be entered into the QARL senior competition. Senior players not required for either Ipswich team were permitted to play for their junior club.
The two lower grade premiership competitions in Ipswich saw teams join after they commenced and teams withdraw before the season ended. The competitions were also disrupted by forfeits, at a rough average of one per week.
Nine teams competed in what was initially called the Junior competition, but later was known as B Grade. Starlight B were the premiers, winning gold medals and a cup presented by the publican of the Commonwealth Hotel, Mr. W. Hartigan. The nine teams were Belvideres, Blackstone, Harrisville (late entry), Montes (also known as Silkstone), St Paul's, Starlights A, Starlights B, Western Suburbs A and Western Suburbs B (withdrew).
The teams that finished second to fifth were invited to compete for a cup donated by the publican of the North Australian Hotel, Mr. Jack Lindsay. This was played as a knock-out in September. On the 16th, St. Paul's defeated Blackstone but Harrisville forfeited to the Belvideres. The following Saturday, Belvideres defeated St. Paul's to claim the Lindsay Cup.
The minor competition, also referred to as C Grade, was for Under 18 players. The competition began on May 6 with three teams, Belvideres, Starlights and Western Suburbs. They were joined by the Catholic Young Men's Society (CYMS) on June 3, Silkstone and St. Paul's on June 17 and Blackstone on July 14. Belvideres won the premiership without a final being played.
Maryborough
For the second year, Rugby League competitions were held in Maryborough. All three grades commenced on May 6.
Four teams entered the senior competition. Howard left to play in a Burrum district competition. Christian Brothers switched from Rugby Union to join Glebe, Natives and Wallaroos.
Seven teams competed in the Junior grade. Wallaroos were premiers, finishing one point ahead of Natives. They were followed by Glebe, Granville, Past Grammars, Present Grammars and Pialba.
Three teams competed in the Third grade. Wallaroos were premiers, ahead of Glebe and Natives.
Representative Season
New South Wales
In early June, a representative Queensland team travelled to Sydney to play three matches in eight days against New South Wales. They were defeated by large margins in each encounter: 65 to 9 on the 3rd, 49 to nil on the 7th and 32 to 8 on June 10.
New Zealand
In June and July a New Zealand team toured Australia, playing against New South Wales, Newcastle and Queensland, although they did not play against an Australian team. Queensland won the second of three matches.
Northern Districts
A team billed in the newspapers as New South Wales, but composed of players from the Newcastle and Maitland competitions, visited Brisbane in August.
Players
Forty-five players represented Queensland in the nine matches played in 1911.
Sources
Digitised newspapers at the National Library of Australia's Trove website
The Brisbane Courier
The Bundaberg Mail and Burnett Advertiser
The Maryborough Chronicle, Wide Bay and Burnett Advertiser
The Queensland Times (Ipswich)
The Telegraph (Brisbane)
The Truth (Brisbane)
http://www.rugbyleagueproject.org
References
1911 in Australian rugby league
Queensland Rugby League
The 14th NKP Salve Challenger Trophy was an Indian domestic cricket tournament that was held in Cuttack from 23 October to 26 October 2008. The series involved the domestic teams from India which were India Blue, India Red, and India Green. India Blue defeated India Red by 8 wickets in the final to become the champions of the tournament.
Squads
Chetanya Nanda replaced Amit Mishra in the India Blue squad, after he was retained in the Indian squad by selectors for the final two tests against Australia.
Points Table
Matches
Group stage
Final
References
Indian domestic cricket competitions
Sport in Nagpur
2008 in Indian cricket
2009 in Indian cricket
Evelyn Murphy (born May 14, 1940) is an American businesswoman and politician who was the 67th Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts from 1987 to 1991, being the first woman in the history of the state to hold a constitutional office. She is now the president of The WAGE Project, a United States nonprofit organization dedicated to eliminating wage discrimination against women; a resident scholar at the Women's Studies Research Center at Brandeis University, and a corporate director.
Early life and education
Murphy was born in 1940 in Ancón, Panama, to American citizens. Her father was stationed with the army in the Panama Canal Zone, where her mother joined him in 1939. At the age of six weeks, Murphy was brought to her grandmother's home in Massachusetts. She continued to hold dual U.S.-Panamanian citizenship until the age of 19, when she took the oath of U.S. citizenship in Washington, D.C.
Murphy earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics from Duke University, a master's degree in economics from Columbia University, and a doctorate in economics from Duke University. She was a fellow at the Institute of Politics of Harvard's Kennedy School of Government.
Political career
Murphy served as Massachusetts Secretary of Environmental Affairs from 1974 to 1978. In September 1979 President Jimmy Carter named her to the chairmanship of the National Advisory Committee on Oceans and Atmosphere. In 1982 Murphy sought the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor, losing to John Kerry. In 1983 she was appointed Secretary of Economic Affairs, a position she held until 1985.
Lieutenant governor
In 1986 Murphy ran for Lieutenant Governor against State Senator Gerard D'Amico in the Democratic primary, winning by 374,714 votes (60.10%) to 248,671 votes (39.89%) for D'Amico. In the general election, the Dukakis-Murphy team garnered 1,157,786 votes (65.15%) versus 525,364 votes (19.56%) for George Kariotis and Nicholas Nikitas.
During her tenure as Lieutenant Governor, Murphy had little communication with Governor Dukakis. She described their relationship by stating "there is no good will here and certainly no mutual respect". Dukakis did not invite Murphy to key meetings and did not tell her when he was out of state campaigning for President of the United States. Thus, she would serve as acting governor without even knowing it.
1990 gubernatorial election
After Dukakis announced that he was not running for Governor of Massachusetts in 1990, Murphy entered the race. With strong name recognition and a solid base of liberal support, Murphy was the early frontrunner. In July 1989, Murphy led Attorney General Francis X. Bellotti 42% to 18% in a Boston Globe poll. That November, Murphy still led Bellotti, but only by 2%. In January, after Bellotti's first wave of television commercials and the entry of Boston University President John Silber into the race, Murphy fell to 20% to Bellotti's 38% and Silber's 16%. At the 1990 Democratic Convention, Bellotti won the convention endorsement with 51% to Murphy's 40% on the second ballot. Silber received 15.5% on the first ballot, which allowed him to run in the primary.
Murphy's campaign appeared to be badly hurt by the public perception that she was close to the unpopular Dukakis and therefore tried to make a break with the Dukakis Administration. Dukakis twice postponed a trade mission to Europe because Murphy hinted at a news conference that she would execute her own economic plan while serving as acting governor. After the incident, Murphy's unfavorable rating rose to 49% in a Boston Globe/WBZ-TV poll, compared to 38% a month earlier. A week before the primary, Murphy withdrew from the race so that she would not be a spoiler in the race and cost fellow liberal Bellotti the nomination. Bellotti would lose the nomination to Silber 53% to 44%.
Corporate career
In 1990 Murphy entered the corporate world. She became managing director of the law firm Brown, Rudnick, Freed & Gesmer, and corporate director of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Shawmut National Banks, Fleet National Bank, Fleet Mortgage Company, and Fleet Credit Card Corporation. Blue Cross recruited her to the position of executive vice president in charge of federal and stage media and civic relations. During the latter job, she founded Blue Cross' HealthCare Policy Institute.
Today Murphy is a resident scholar at the Women's Studies Research Center at Brandeis University, vice chair of the board of SBLI USA Mutual Life Insurance Company, a director of the Citizens Energy Corporation, a director of the Commonwealth Institute, and a trustee of Regis College.
She has been awarded 11 honorary degrees and over 100 national, state, and local awards.
The WAGE Project
Her 2005 book, Getting Even: Why women don't get paid like men and what to do about it was the product of a research effort lasting eight years. In conjunction with the book, Murphy founded The WAGE Project (Women Are Getting Even) to battle wage discrimination against working women. She has testified before U.S. Senate and House committee hearings on pay discrimination against women.
See also
List of female lieutenant governors in the United States
References
External links
Papers of Evelyn F. Murphy, 1940-2015: A Finding Aid. Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University.
1940 births
Duke University Trinity College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Columbia University alumni
Lieutenant Governors of Massachusetts
Massachusetts Secretaries of Environmental Affairs
Living people
Women in Massachusetts politics
Massachusetts Democrats
21st-century American women
United Nations Security Council resolution 682, adopted unanimously on 21 December 1990, after recalling Resolution 186 (1964) and all resolutions on Cyprus up to the most recent Resolution 680 (1990), the Council expressed its concern regarding the "chronic and ever-deepening financial crisis" facing the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus.
In this regard, the current resolution decided to examine the problems of financing the Force and would report back by 1 June 1991 on the matter, with the view to putting into effect an alternative method of financing the Force. Members of the Council did not consider withdrawing the Force from the island, noting its necessity as a valuable peacekeeping mission.
See also
Cyprus dispute
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
United Nations Buffer Zone in Cyprus
Turkish invasion of Cyprus
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0682
0682
December 1990 events
1990 in Cyprus
Elaeocarpus dentatus, commonly known as hinau (), is a native lowland forest tree of New Zealand. Other names in Māori for the tree are , , and .
A member of the family Elaeocarpaceae, it is found on both the North and South Islands of New Zealand, but not on Stewart Island. The leaves are dark green, with a toothed edge. On the underside of the leaf small domatia are present. Clusters of small white flowers are produced in spring, and in late summer the flowers form into a fleshy fruit.
It was officially first recorded for science by botanists Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander on 5 November 1769.
Description
E. dentatus is a tree which reaches a height of around 18 m (59 ft.) and has a trunk of around 1 m (3.2 ft.) in diameter with greyish bark which roughens with age. The sapwood is white and the heartwood is dark brown. The latter, being heavy and strong, is used for making fence posts though is rarely milled because it is often hollow inside. It has leathery leaves which are 10–12 cm long and 2–3 cm wide. On top they are a dark green and an off-white colour below.
It flowers from October to February with flowers very similar to the lily of the valley extending off of 10–18 cm long racemes, each one bearing 8 - 10 flowers. The flowers (around 12mm in diameter) are white and droop down, connected to the raceme by 1 cm long silky pedicels. They are made of 3 - 5 petals which are lobed at their tips and have long anthers which extend out on short filaments. The sepals are covered with many tiny hairs. E. dentatus has 15 pairs of chromosomes (2n = 30) and is bisexual, meaning its flowers contain both the male (stamen) and female (carpel) parts.
It fruits from December through to when it ripens in May. The fruit are purple-black egg-shaped drupes which are 12–18 mm long and 9 mm wide and are attractive to birds. It has 2-celled ovaries and a rugulose (wrinkly) endocarp. The drupes are very fleshy, the flesh making up 56% of the mass, and have a relatively low level of water at 66%. They have a mean mass of 1.05g and have the following compositional breakdown (after moisture is removed): 69.9% N.F.E (Soluble carbohydrates), 21.8% Crude Fiber, 3.4% Crude protein, 3.2% Ash, and 1.7% Lipid.
It is very similar to Elaeocarpus hookerianus but can be distinguished by its larger leaves, flowers and fruit, and its lack of E. hookerianus's distinctive divaricating juvenile to sub-adult form.
Taxonomy
Elaeocarpus dentatus was first described by the German botanists Georg and Johann Forster in their 1779 Characteres Generum Plantarum as Dicera dentata, one of two species in their genus Dicera; he did not designate a type specimen. It was renamed Elaeocarpus dentatus by the Danish-Norwegian botanist Martin Vahl in the third edition of his Symbolæ Botanicæ, published in 1794. The British botanist Allan Cunningham renamed it superfluously to Elaeocarpus hinau in 1840, in an article in the Annals of Natural History, as did the French Botanist Étienne Raoul in his 1846 Choix de Plantes de la Nouvelle-Zélande ("Selected plants of New Zealand"), this time to Elaeocarpus cunninghamii.
Varieties
The New Zealand botanist Thomas Cheeseman described a variety of E. dentatus in an article in the 1907 issue of the Transactions and proceedings of the New Zealand Institute. Naming it Elaeocarpus dentatus var. obovatus, he described how, though E. dentatus is variable, he had "never seen specimens with leaves so broad and ovate." This variety is recognised by the New Zealand Plant Conservation Network, New Zealand flora, as well as in Harry Allan's 1961 The flora of New Zealand. As such, they describe two varieties: E. dentatus var. dentatus, the nominate variety, as well as E. dentatus var. obovatus, the variety with wider leaves. It was not accepted, however, by Anthony Peter Druce in his unpublished 1993 Indigenous vascular plants of New Zealand. It is listed as a synonym of Elaeocarpus dentatus by both The Plant List and World Flora Online, which superseded it. The variety was mentioned in a Department of Conservation Conservation Status Report published in 2017, under the heading: "Data Deficient."
E. dentatus var. obovatus has much wider leaves than the nominate variety, reaching 5–7 cm in length and 3–5 cm in width. The leaves have pits on their undersides and tiny teeth along their edges. Though the adult leaves are wide, they shrink down to thin petioles (leaf stems), and juvenile leaves are also much more narrow. E. d. var. obovatus produces white flowers on racemes, and later purple oval-shaped fruit, that are between 12 and 15 mm long.
Phylogeny
A 2015 thesis established through DNA sequencing that E. dentatus evolved from the same ancestor as E. hookerianus, which can be demonstrated in the cladogram below. They likely split off from their ancestor 13.13 mya, which reached New Zealand through long distance dispersal, similar to other plants.
Etymology
The name of its genus, Elaeocarpus, comes from the Latin elaeocarpus meaning olive-seed; and the specific epithet dentatus, from the Latin dentatus meaning toothed. The epithet obovatus combines the Latin prefix ob, meaning reverse or against, and ovatus, meaning shaped like an egg, since the leaves get wider towards the top rather than the bottom.
Ecology
The fruit are eaten (off the ground) by North Island brown kiwi (Apteryx mantelli) who use the seeds as grinding agents to help break down food in their gizzards. To kākā on Kapiti Island, the drupes are an important food source especially in March and, for males, from March all the way until June. This is thought to be because of the different shaped mandible which females have as the fruit actually harden in the months following March, meaning the females are unable to break into them to get at the developing seed, the part that kākā eat. Kākā also rely heavily on hinau and tawa trees to feed their young, both because of their prevalence on the island and their abundant crop of fruit. Weka (Gallirallus australis) eat the fruit which falls onto the ground and are thought to be very important dispersers after the extinction of many of New Zealand's other flightless birds. Hinau seeds may also germinate better after the coat has been torn open and the weka's gizzard might have a similar effect, though more research is needed. Kōkako eat both the leaves and fruit, though they make up a very small proportion of the bird's varied and complex diet. The extremely hard endocarp is thought to be for protection inside the digestive systems of large flightless birds who acted as another disperser by eating fallen fruit. It is also possible, however, that it is to balance the over-eating of their fruit by parrots, like the kākā, who have been found digesting an average of 7.1 seeds per minute in March. Kererū also eat the fruit and act as a disperser, though not to the degree weka do.
In New Zealand forests the trunks of trees are crucial to flightless invertebrates who use them as a way to reach the canopy for food and breeding. One study which trapped these invertebrates coming up and down hinau trees found that the most prevalent species coming up were springtails, followed by wasps and ants, spiders, beetles and weevils and mites. Coming down the trunk the most common were the mites, making up 15%. Followed by larvae, springtails, and harvestmen.
Distribution
E. dentatus is endemic to New Zealand and found in both the North and South Islands down to South Westland and Christchurch on the east and west. It grows from sea level to 600 m (1970 ft.), essentially anywhere north of the latitude 43˚30'S.
In Māori culture
Mythology
In Māori mythology Māui discovers the origin of fire by stealing the nails of his grandmother Mahuika, the atua (God) of fire, extinguising each one. After realising that Māui had taken all of her fire she threw her last nail at him. It missed and landed first in the Rata (all species under NZ), Hīnau, Kahikatea, Rimu, Mataī, and Miro trees who rejected the fire. It then went on, landing in the kaikōmako, tōtara, patete, pukatea, and māhoe trees who received the fire, considering it a great gift. The trees that accepted the fire can be used to create fire by rubbing dry sticks together, those that do not, like the Hīnau, will not produce fire in this way.
Food
The mealy substance which covers the kernel of the hinau's drupe (similar to that of an Olive) was used by Māori to make a kind of cake or bread or, alternatively, a kind of gruel.
The ethnographer Elsdon Best recorded that, though the drupes are edible raw, to make the cake they would first dry the fruit for a couple of days and then pound them with a pestle made of maire or stone. This process, deemed "Tuki," was done in a trough called a "kumete," and was necessary in order to remove the unwanted nuts, stalks and bits of broken skin. The meal was then sifted through baskets make of Cabbage tree leaves such that the stones were trapped in the basket, known as a "tatari" or "Kete puputu." They were then sieved through a finer sieve to ensure that none of the stones known as "karihi," "iwi," or "iho" were left in the meal. Afterwards, the meal was moulded into a large cake which was then cooked for several hours in what he described as a steam oven, likely a Hāngi, inside wooden baskets called "rourou," which were lined with Hound's tongue ferns, in which the meal was also wrapped. Because some meal was still left on the stones, water was used to rub it off and the combination was drunk as a sort of gruel, as it would be called in a western context, and known to Māori as "wai haro." He also reported that it was usually drunk heated, by placing hot stones into it. The cakes, 9-13kgs in weight, would take 1–2 days of cooking to be prepared.
William Colenso in 1880 described the process as being different depending on iwi: some iwi would steep the fruit in water, while others would pound and sift the fruit without a steeping stage. Another 19th century ethnographer, Richard Taylor, described a similar process, though he recorded that the drupes were steeped in running water for a year to remove their "bitterness" and cooked wrapped inside a rangiora leaf. An alternative cooking method he described involved placing the "flour" in heated water at which point it was described as "rerepi." Mākereti Papakura, another ethnographer from the time period also described the fruit being soaked, though she didn't record it being a year-long process.
Although some Europeans didn't particularly enjoy the cakes, Elsdon Best writing that: "I prefer my bread and beefsteak," Mākereti Papakura claimed that Māori considered it a great luxury as demonstrated in their saying: "Kia whakaara koe i taku moe, ko te whatu turei a Rua" meaning "When you awaken me from my sleep let it be for the purpose of eating the whatu turei a Rua (Hīnau meal).
Elaeocarpus dentatus's fruit are in fact a good thing to eat as they contain some fatty acids which may be protective against Cardiovascular disease.
Dye and other uses
The bark produces a brown dye which, when dipped in a ferrugineous swamp (one containing Iron), turns it into a bright and durable black colour.
Young seedlings were tied with a knot and left to grow into the shape of a walking stick. They were then cut and used as such. The bark was used to make bags which served various purposes, such as for the preparation of Raupō pollen bread.
Cultivation
E. dentatus prefers a rich, moist soil in partial shade. To grow, press the seed well in and cover with 5mm of soil. It takes around 6 months to germinate and fresh fruit can be used.
Notes
Citations
References
Websites
Journals
Books
dentatus
Trees of New Zealand
Flora of New Zealand
Michel Richard Cunha dos Prazeres (born July 25, 1981) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who fights in the Welterweight division. He most notably fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Mixed martial arts career
Early MMA career
Prazeres began training MMA at age 12 when he watched his inspiration, Bruce Lee. His MMA career began in 2000, when he won his debut fight by submission. He went on to win his first six fights straight via stoppage. Prazeres built up an undefeated record of 16–0 competing in local and regional promotions across his native Brazil before signing with the UFC in early 2013.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Upon signing with the UFC, Prazeres made his promotional debut as a short notice injury replacement on May 18, 2013 against Paulo Thiago at UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Rockhold. Prazeres lost the fight by unanimous decision, giving him his first career loss.
Prazeres next fought Jesse Ronson on September 21, 2013 at UFC 165. He won the fight by a close split decision. It was his first fight outside of his native Brazil.
Prazeres faced Mairbek Taisumov on March 23, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 38, replacing the injured Gleison Tibau. He won the fight by dominant unanimous decision. Taisumov had multiple point deductions and the fight ended up being scored (30-25, 30-25, 30-25) in favor of Prazeres.
Prazeres faced Kevin Lee on February 14, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 60. He lost the fight by unanimous decision.
Prazeres faced Valmir Lázaro on November 21, 2015 at The Ultimate Fighter Latin America 2 Finale. He won the fight by split decision.
Prazeres was expected to face Anthony Rocco Martin on July 23, 2016 at UFC on Fox 20. However, Martin pulled out of the fight in early July citing a neck injury and was replaced by promotional newcomer J.C. Cottrell. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Prazeres next faced Gilbert Burns on September 24, 2016 at UFC Fight Night 95. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Prazeres faced Josh Burkman on March 11, 2017 at UFC Fight Night 106. He won the fight via submission in the first round. The win also earned Prazeres his first Performance of the Night bonus award.
Prazeres was expected to face Islam Makhachev on September 2, 2017 at UFC Fight Night 115. However, Makhachev pulled out of the fight in mid-August citing injury and was replaced by promotional newcomer Mads Burnell. At the weigh ins, Prazeres missed the lightweight limit of 156 pounds, coming in at 159 pounds. As a result his bout with Mads Burnell was changed to a catchweight and Prazeres was fined 20% of his purse. Prazeres won the fight by submission in the third round.
Prazeres faced Desmond Green on February 3, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 125. At the weigh-ins Prazeres weighed in at 161 pounds, 5 pounds over the lightweight non title fight upper limit of 156 pounds. As a result, the bout proceeded at a catchweight and Prazeres was fined 20 percent of his purse to Green. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Prazeres faced Zak Cummings on May 19, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 129. He won the back-and-forth fight via split decision.
Prazeres faced Bartosz Fabiński on November 17, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 140. He won the fight via guillotine choke submission in the first round.
Prazeres was scheduled to face Ramazan Emeev at UFC Fight Night 145. However, on February 4, 2019 it was reported that Emeev pulled out of the fight, citing injury. He was replaced by newcomer Ismail Naurdiev. Prazeres lost the fight by unanimous decision.
On February 11, 2020, news surfaced that Prazeres tested positive for anabolic agents in two out-of-competition samples on March 9, 2019. Prazeres was handed a two-year ban, making him eligible to return to competition on March 9, 2021.
Prazeres faced Shavkat Rakhmonov on June 26, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 190. He lost the fight via a rear-naked choke in round two.
On December 14, 2021, it was announced that Prazeres had asked for his release from the UFC.
On December 23, 2021, it was announced that Prazeres had accepted a 4 year USADA ban after four different urine samples all tested positive for the banned substances clomiphene and its metabolites (desethyl-clomiphene, clomiphene M1, and clomiphene M2), oxandrolone metabolites, and the exogenous administration of testosterone and/or its precursors in four different out-of-competition tests between Aug. 27 and Nov. 2. Prazeres will be eligible to compete again on Aug. 27, 2025, four years from the date of the initial positive sample. After receiving the suspension, Prazeres briefly decided to retire from MMA, but changed his mind after discovering that USADA can't stop him from competing in several countries, including Brazil. Prazeres blamed the positive tests on fertility treatment due to his wife having trouble conceiving.
Post UFC
In his first appearance post UFC, Prazeres faced Stefan Negucić on September 9, 2022 at Serbian Battle Championship 44. He won the bout via unanimous decision.
Personal life
Prazeres has a son.
Before his bout against Desmond Green at UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Anders, Prazeres's brother Edson Amaral dos Prazeres was killed in an accident in Belem less than two weeks before the fight and week before that, his wife Cassia Andrade dos Prazeres had to undergo surgery a second time for curettage after suffering a miscarriage on Jan. 1st.
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time) vs. Josh Burkman
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|27–4
|Stefan Negucić
|Decision (unanimous)
|Serbian Battle Championship 44
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Belgrade, Serbia
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|26–4
|Shavkat Rakhmonov
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Gane vs. Volkov
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:10
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|26–3
|Ismail Naurdiev
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Błachowicz vs. Santos
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Prague, Czech Republic
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|26–2
|Bartosz Fabiński
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Magny vs. Ponzinibbio
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:02
|Buenos Aires, Argentina
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|25–2
|Zak Cummings
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Maia vs. Usman
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Santiago, Chile
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|24–2
|Desmond Green
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Anders
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Belém, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|23–2
|Mads Burnell
|Submission (north-south choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Volkov vs. Struve
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:26
|Rotterdam, Netherlands
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|22–2
|Josh Burkman
|Submission (north-south choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Belfort vs. Gastelum
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:42
|Fortaleza, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|21–2
|Gilbert Burns
| Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Cyborg vs. Länsberg
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 5:00
|Brasília, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|20–2
|J.C. Cottrell
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on Fox: Holm vs. Shevchenko
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Chicago, Illinois, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|19–2
|Valmir Lázaro
|Decision (split)
|The Ultimate Fighter Latin America 2 Finale: Magny vs. Gastelum
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Monterrey, Mexico
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|18–2
|Kevin Lee
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Henderson vs. Thatch
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Broomfield, Colorado, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|18–1
|Mairbek Taisumov
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Shogun vs. Henderson 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Natal, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|17–1
|Jesse Ronson
|Decision (split)
|UFC 165
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|16–1
|Paulo Thiago
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Rockhold
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Jaraguá do Sul, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|16–0
|Leandro Batata
|Decision (unanimous)
|Shooto Brazil 30
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Belém, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–0
|Sérgio Leal
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Jungle Fight 37
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:49
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–0
|André Luis Lobato
|Decision (unanimous)
|Iron Man Championship 6
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Belém, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–0
|Antônio Carlos Ribeiro
|Submission (triangle choke)
|Midway Fight
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Belém, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–0
|Frederick Samurai
|Decision (unanimous)
|Mega Champion Fight 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Manaus, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–0
|Valter de Menezes
|Decision (unanimous)
|Predador FC 5
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–0
|Gabriel Santos
|Decision (unanimous)
|Macapa Verdadeiro Vale Tudo
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Macapá, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–0
|Anderson Banana
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Predador FC 4
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–0
|Edilson Florêncio
|Decision (unanimous)
|Midway Fight
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Belém, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–0
|Ari dos Santos
|Decision (unanimous)
|Ilha Combat
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Macapá, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–0
|Luis Neto
|Submission (punches)
|Iron Man Vale Tudo 7
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:16
|Macapá, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|Elias Monteiro
|TKO (punches)
|Super Vale Tudo Ananindeua
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:17
|Ananindeua, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Cleber Santana
|Submission (choke)
|Super Vale Tudo Ananindeua
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:22
|Ananindeua, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Rogério Gama
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Desafio de Gigantes
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:47
|Macapá, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Sérgio de Oliveira
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Desafio de Gigantes
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:13
|Macapá, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Sandro Lyon
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Open Fight Vale Tudo 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:58
|Belém, Brazil
|
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
1983 births
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Living people
Sportspeople from Belém
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
The 1998 United States Senate election in Utah was held November 3, 1998. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Bob Bennett won re-election to a second term.
Major candidates
Democratic
Scott Leckman, physician
Republican
Bob Bennett, incumbent U.S. Senator
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Utah
1998
The National Committee of the Chinese Educational, Scientific, Cultural, Medical and Sports Workers' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People's Republic of China.
External links
basic info from the ACFTU
National industrial unions (China)
Education trade unions
Healthcare trade unions
Sports trade unions
Medical and health organizations based in China
Lamine Ouahab (Arabic: الأمين وهاب al-ʼAmīn Wahhāb) (born 22 December 1984) is a Moroccan professional tennis player.
Career
Juniors
As a junior, Ouahab reached as high as No. 4 in singles in January 2002 (and No. 18 in doubles), compiling a singles win–loss record of 92–24. He reached the boys' singles final of Wimbledon in 2002, defeating Rafael Nadal en route before losing to Todd Reid.
Pro tour
Ouahab turned professional in 2002 at the age of 17.
Due to his junior success, he got a wild card into the 2004 Summer Olympics main draw. He lost in the first round to 15th seed Tommy Robredo.
Ouahab made his ATP debut in 2006 at the Grand Prix Hassan II in his home country of Morocco after receiving a wildcard into the main draw. He lost in the first round to Florian Mayer.
In 2009, Ouahab qualified for his first and only grand slam tournament at the Australian Open. He lost in the first round to Florian Mayer. It was also in 2009 that he reach his career-high ranking of 114 on September 21 which is also the highest ranked any Algerian player has been in history.
In late 2013, Ouahab acquired a Moroccan passport and officially stopped representing Algeria and started representing Morocco.
At the 2015 Grand Prix Hassan II, Ouahab made his only ATP quarterfinal after defeating 1st seed and world number 24 Guillermo García López in the second round. He lost to Daniel Gimeno Traver.
At the 2018 Grand Prix Hassan II, 617 ranked Ouahab upset the 3rd seed and world number 34 Philipp Kohlschreiber in the first round. He lost in the second round to Nikoloz Basilashvili.
Davis Cup
As a member of the Algerian Davis Cup team, Ouahab posted a 17–3 record in singles and an 8–1 record in doubles. As a member of the Moroccan Davis Cup team, he posted a
7–5 record in singles and a 3–4 record in doubles. These records add up to overall records of 24–8 in singles, 11–5 in doubles, and 35–13 overall.
Junior Grand Slam finals
Singles: 1 (1 runner-up)
Performance timeline
Singles
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 58 (36–22)
Doubles: 32 (19–13)
External links
1984 births
Living people
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Algerian male tennis players
Moroccan male tennis players
Algerian emigrants to Morocco
Olympic tennis players of Algeria
Tennis players from Barcelona
Sportspeople from Algiers
Tennis players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Naturalized citizens of Morocco
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Algeria
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
African Games gold medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in tennis
Mediterranean Games medalists in tennis
Competitors at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
Accolade Holding, a.s. (Accolade Group) is a Czech investment company operating in six European countries , providing infrastructure for European businesses, predominantly in the e-commerce, processing industry and logistics sectors.
The company owns a network of 26 industrial parks located in the Czech Republic, Poland, Germany, and Slovakia, as well as (since 2017) Brno–Tuřany Airport. In addition, the company provides premises for the development and certification of autonomous vehicles near the West Bohemian town of Stříbro.
History
Accolade Group was established in the Czech Republic in 2011 and is owned by Milan Kratina and Zdeněk Šoustal. In 2014, the company expanded to Poland, where many of their parks are built on former brownfield land. In the same year, the company established an investment fund for industrial properties, Accolade Fund Sicav.
Since 2017, Accolade has been the owner of Brno–Tuřany Airport, the second busiest airport in the Czech Republic. The company also has plans to provide a proving ground for the development and certification of autonomous vehicles near the West Bohemian town of Stříbro.
In 2018, Accolade Group owned and leased 750,000 sqm of industrial land for rent. In 2019, the portfolio of their commercial properties was 1.3 million sqm, with a value of just under €1,134 billion.
The company's commercial property portfolio is mostly in the Czech Republic and Poland. Since 2018, Accolade has moved into the industrial property market in Germany, and since 2019 in Slovakia. In March 2020, the company was ranked #56 on a list of the fastest-growing companies in Europe by the Financial Times, ranking in the top five in the real-estate sector and #1 in the Czech Republic.
Parks
As of 2020, Accolade Group operated 29 industrial parks.
Sustainability and CSR
All of Accolade's buildings in the Czech Republic are BREEAM-certified as at least "Very Good", and in Poland as "Good", relating to the level of environmental friendliness, working conditions for employees, and energy self-sufficiency of the building. The building created by Accolade for cosmetics distribution centre Estée Launder in Cheb industrial zone, operated by DHL, is certified as BREEAM Excellent, among the top-rated buildings in Central Europe. Much of Accolade's promotional material emphasises its environmental credentials.
For several years, the company has been providing support for sheltered housing and social therapeutic workshops by non-profit organisation Mela. They also sponsor scientific projects (Neuron Awards), cultural events (Karlovy Vary International Film Festival), sports, and regional economic initiatives.
Accolade often uses former brownfield land for its projects; the proportion of former brownfield land in its portfolio is 53% in Poland and 22% in the Czech Republic. A further revitalization project is planned for Bochum in Germany, where a new development is due to replace a former Opel factory.
References
External links
Accolade Group official site
Commercial real estate companies
Real estate companies of the Czech Republic
Companies based in Prague
The Jaffe profile (or Jaffe model) is a mathematical function that is used to describe the distribution of mass or light in elliptical galaxies and the bulges of spiral galaxies. It was proposed by Walter Jaffe in 1983. Its usefulness derives from the fact that it accurately reproduces a de Vaucouleurs profile when projected onto the sky.
The density in the Jaffe model is given by
In this equation, and are parameters that can be varied to fit the observed density.
Jaffe described how he arrived at his model:
[The formula] was derived heuristically from the observation that the brightness profiles of spherical galaxies seem to run as and in at least some parts of their envelopes and cores, respectively. This would imply that the spatial density runs as and .
Variations on Jaffe's law include the Hernquist profile, the Dehnen profile and the NFW profile, which have a similar functional form as Jaffe's law but which use different values for the two exponents.
References
Astrophysics
Caudellia nigrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Caudellia. It was described by George Duryea Hulst in 1890. It is found in California and Arizona.
References
Moths described in 1890
Phycitinae
Omar Mussa (born 20 August 2000) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for English club Dagenham & Redbridge, as a midfielder.
Club career
After playing youth football for KV Mechelen, Mussa signed for English club Walsall in January 2019. He was released by Walsall at the end of the 2018–19 season, having made one Football League appearance for the club.
On 26 October 2020, Mussa joined National League club Dover Athletic, after appearing in pre-season for the Kent side. The following day, Mussa came off the bench in the 75' minute of a 3–2 victory over Eastleigh to make his debut for the club. Following's Dover's decision to not play any more matches in the 2020–21 season, made in late January, and subsequent null and voiding of all results, on 5 May 2021 it was announced that Mussa was out of contract and had left the club.
On 11 August 2021, Mussa joined another National League side, Weymouth, ahead of the 2021–22 season. A first career goal for Mussa came in October 2021 when he scored the only goal in a victory over King's Lynn Town. After the match, Weymouth's manager Brian Stock came out and said that he had not "seen a player with his amount of ability".
On 4 July 2022, Mussa signed for National League side Dagenham & Redbridge for an undisclosed fee.
International career
Mussa was a Belgian under-18 international, making 2 appearances in 2017.
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Association football midfielders
Belgium youth international footballers
Belgian expatriate footballers
K.V. Mechelen players
Walsall F.C. players
Dover Athletic F.C. players
Weymouth F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Burgess Hill Rugby Football Club or BHRFC, known as the Sussex All Blacks, is a rugby union club in Sussex, England. The team currently fields a 1st XV in the Sussex Spitfire 1 league, and a 2nd XV in the Sussex 'Oranjeboom' 2 West league.
The team is based at the Southway Recreation ground, on Poveys Close, Burgess Hill, which is owned and managed by Mid Sussex District Council.
History
The club was formed in late 1961 and the first game was played towards the end of the 1961–2 season away to Hove Yeoman (3rd XV), winning the game 28–0. The first matches were played in a white and blue kit, but at the end of the season the club voted to move to an all black strip.
The first full season was in 1962-3 and the team was based at the Fairfield recreation ground, with social aspects being undertaken at the Kings Head public house. The social venue moved on to the Potters and then to the Junction Inn until a permanent club house was built in 1970 at the Southway recreation ground, where the club is based to this day.
Performance
The team has consistently played in the Sussex RFU leagues, posting its highest ever league finish in the 2010–11 season, coming second in the Sussex Division 1, although missing out on promotion in the playoff against Sheppey Rugby Football Club. In the same year the team won the knockout Sussex Shield competition and the Maastrich International 10s tournament.
Club Honours
1st Team:
Sussex 2 champions (2): 1997–98, 2002–03
Sussex 1 champions: 2012–13
Kent 1 v Sussex 1 promotion playoff winners: 2014–15
2nd Team:
Sussex Bishop's Finger 3 East champions: 2012–13
External links
Official Burgess Hill RFC website
References
English rugby union teams
Rugby
In Greek mythology, Stratichus (; Ancient Greek: Στράτιχος Strátikhos), also known as Stratius, was a prince of Pylos and the son of King Nestor and either Eurydice or Anaxibia. He was the brother to Thrasymedes, Pisidice, Polycaste, Perseus, Peisistratus, Aretus, Echephron and Antilochus. Stratichus appears in The Odyssey.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Homer, The Odyssey with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1919. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Princes in Greek mythology
Characters in the Odyssey
Pylian characters in Greek mythology
Children of Nestor (mythology)
Route 144 is a state route in Ste. Genevieve County, Missouri. Its western terminus is at Route 32 near the village of Millers. The route travels southeastward toward Hawn State Park. The road then turns east and ends at Bauer Road and Park Drive, inside the state park. The route was designated in 1972, and has kept the same alignment since.
Route description
In Ste. Genevieve County of eastern Missouri, Route 144 begins at Route 32 in Millers. The route intersects Miller Switch Road and bends south. It heads south-southeast through rural land, crossing Janca Creek and approaching Hawn State Park. The road then enters into forests as it heads toward the park. Upon reaching Hawn Park Road, Route 144 turns eastward and parallels the northern boundary of the park. The route enters the park and turns east-northeastward before reaching its eastern terminus at Bauer Road. The road continues into the park as Park Drive. In 2012, Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDOT) calculated 152 vehicles traveling near the western terminus. This is expressed in terms of annual average daily traffic (AADT), a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year.
History
The short road was designated by 1972, from Route 32 to the Hawn State Park entrance. It was already paved in concrete, and has not been altered as of 2013.
Major intersections
References
144
Transportation in Ste. Genevieve County, Missouri
The Defender is a 2004 British-German action film starring and directed by Dolph Lundgren in his directorial debut. The film also co-stars Jerry Springer, Shakara Ledard, Thomas Lockyer and Caroline Lee Johnson. The film was released on direct-to-video in the United States on October 18, 2005.
Dolph Lundgren plays Lance Rockford, who must set aside his values and patriotism to protect the life of the world's greatest terrorist so that he doesn't become a martyr for his cause.
Plot
The global war on terror rages on. The United States will not give an inch against terrorists, especially Mohamed Jamar (Geoffrey Burton), who is considered to be the worst of them all. Jamar has been missing for months, but his network continues its functions.
The President (Jerry Springer) stands firm before the world, but behind the scenes, his teams are working to find the final solution. Jamar represents a paradox: he can never be killed, because if he was found dead, he would become an instant martyr.
If caught he must be tried. If he is found guilty he would become a martyr and further inspiration to acts of terror. If acquitted, the policies of the entire western world would be destroyed. So he must remain invisible.
Roberta Jones (Caroline Lee Johnson), the head of the National Security Agency, is working to ensure he remains invisible, forever. Under the guise of attending an Eastern European conference on Terror in Romania, she attends a secret meeting with Jamar at a secluded hotel outside Bucharest.
No one knows about this meeting, and her goal is to buy his invisibility. Her only companions are her security team of six, headed by her personal bodyguard, Lance Rockford (Dolph Lundgren). They are the best of the best, former military special forces personnel capable of anything.
When they arrive at the hotel for the secret meeting, they are ambushed. No one is supposed to know about the meeting, but someone wants it stopped. They have to fight for their lives against an unknown attacker.
Lance, a man of the highest integrity with an impressive record of service for his country, is forced into a situation which challenges his very beliefs. Throughout the crisis, it is revealed that Jamar and his loyal bodyguard were actually undercover agents from the Central Intelligence Agency and MI5 who have uncovered evidence against high-ranking military officials involved in a conspiracy to topple the President to continue war profiteering, and Rockford's trusted agent, Kaye (Shakara Ledard) was the mole involved in the conspiracy. With all of the members of the team, as well as the undercover agents dead, a wounded Lance kills Kaye with a thrown combat knife. The conspiracy is toppled by the Federal Bureau of Investigation as well as military police, while Lance voluntarily leaves his bodyguard duties.
Cast
Dolph Lundgren as Lance Rockford
Jerry Springer as President of the United States
Shakara Ledard as Kaye
Thomas Lockyer as Stevenson
Caroline Lee Johnson as Mrs. Jones
Gerald Kyd as Morgan
Ian Porter as Newell
Howard Antony as Parker
Geoffrey Burton as Jamal
Iddo Goldberg as Scripts
James Chalke as Lee
Leigh Zimmerman as Reporter
Steven Elder as Tech #1
Radu Florescu as Aide
Ovidiu Niculescu as Officer
Production
Filming
The film is set and filmed in Bucharest, Romania and Washington, D.C. on January 5 and February 4, 2004.
External links
2004 films
2004 action films
2004 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
American action films
Films about terrorism
Films directed by Dolph Lundgren
Films set in the 1990s
Films set in Romania
Films set in Washington, D.C.
Films shot in Bucharest
2000s American films
Callambulyx tatarinovii, or in Japanese, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. The species was first described by Otto Vasilievich Bremer and William Grey in 1853.
Distribution
It is found from northern Xinjiang across northern China, Mongolia, southern Siberia to the Russian Far East and Japan, and then south through Korea and central China to eastern Tibet. It is also found in Taiwan.
Description
The wingspan is . It is very similar to Smerinthus kindermannii, but the forewing colours are predominantly green and grey although there is a northern form in which all green coloration is replaced by brown.
Biology
There are one to two generations per year in China. In Korea, adults are on wing from early May to mid-October.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ulmus parvifolius in Guangdong and Zelkova in northern China. Other recorded food plants in China include Euonymus alatus, Salix, Populus and Prunus persica, but these require confirmation. In Korea, recorded host plants include Ulmus davidiana var. japonica, Zelkova serrata, Tilia amurensis and Euonymus sieboldianus, while Ulmus japonica is recorded for the Russian Far East. Subspecies C. t. gabyae has been recorded feeding on Zelkova serrata.
Subspecies
Callambulyx tatarinovii tatarinovii (from northern Xinjiang across northern China, Mongolia, southern Siberia to the Russian Far East and Japan, and then south through Korea and central China to eastern Tibet)
Callambulyx tatarinovii formosana - Clark, 1935 (Taiwan)
Callambulyx tatarinovii gabyae - Bryk, 1946 (Japan)
References
Callambulyx
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1853
Moths of Japan
Jack or Jackie Hamilton may refer to:
Jack Hamilton (sports executive) (1886–1976), Canadian sports executive
John Hamilton (gangster) or Jack Hamilton (1899–1934), Canadian murderer and bank-robber
Jackie Hamilton (ice hockey) (1925–1994), hockey player with the Toronto Maple Leafs
Jack Hamilton (footballer, born 1928) (1928–1990), Australian rules football player for Collingwood and administrator
Jack Hamilton (footballer, born 1937), Australian rules footballer for South Melbourne
Jackie Hamilton (1937–2003), English stand-up comedian
Jack Hamilton (baseball) (1938–2018), Major League Baseball pitcher
Jack Hamilton (footballer, born 1994), Scottish association football goalkeeper for Dundee
Jack Hamilton (footballer, born 2000), Scottish association football forward for Livingston
See also
"The Death of Jack Hamilton", a 2002 short story by Stephen King
John Hamilton (disambiguation)
Sri Ashtamsa Varadha Anjaneyar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Hanuman located in Peelamedu, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. The idol of the deity is made of Salagrama stone. In the temple, Goddess Lakshmi graces the devotees from the right palm of Hanuman who tail faces North, direction of Kubera, God of wealth. The main deity faces west, is seen posing Abhaya Mudra with his right hand and holding a mace with the other hand. During the Tamil New Year, an offering of 10,008 fruits is made to the deity. Raja Maruthi Alankaram, Vennai Alankaram and Vadamalai offerings are the regular Sevas here on Saturdays. In the Tamil month of Purattasi, Vadai Malai, Swaya Roopam, Chenduram, Swarnamayam and Muthangi Sevai are offered to God on Saturdays.
Lord Hanuman, is decorated in different alankaram each day, which makes this temple very unusual. So don't be surprised to see Lord Hanuman gracing you in his various alankaram during your routine visit.
Best day to visit
Since everyday Lord Hanuman graces devotees with different alankaram, one can visit the temple any day. Still there special days
Every Saturday
Tamil month of Purattasi, which starts from mid-September to mid-October of the Gregorian calendar
Hanuman Jayanti
References
Hindu temples in Coimbatore district
Tourist attractions in Coimbatore
Buildings and structures in Coimbatore
Zhang Jixian (, born 1966) is a Chinese pulmonologist. She is known to have discovered SARS‑CoV‑2, and was the director of the Department of Respiratory Medicine of Hubei Provincial Hospital of Integrated Chinese & Western Medicine. She is also a member of the Chinese Communist Party.
Career
Zhang Jixian was admitted to Hubei Medical University (now Wuhan University School of Medicine) in 1985, graduated from clinical medicine in July 1989, and started working. During the SARS epidemic in 2003, Zhang Jixian, who had been engaged in clinical work for 14 years, was a member of the Jianghan District expert group. During this period, she developed a strong awareness of disease prevention. In 2005, she became the deputy director of the Department of Respiratory Medicine of Hubei Provincial Hospital of Integrated Chinese & Western Medicine. In 2009 After separation of the Department of Respiratory Medicine and Department of Gastroenterology, she became the director of Department of Respiratory Medicine.
In the COVID-19 pandemic, abnormal pneumonia of unknown cause was found on December 26, 2019. The situation was reported to Hubei Provincial Hospital of Integrated Chinese & Western Medicine on December 27. The hospital then reported to the Wuhan Jianghan District Center for Disease Control and Prevention. A similar case was reported for the second time on December 28 and 29. A new type of coronavirus was detected on December 31 in 6 patients with alveolar lavage. On February 6, 2020, Zhang Jixian was commended by Wuhan Human Resources and Social Security Bureau, Hubei Provincial Human Resources and Social Security Department, and Hubei Provincial Health Commission. Xinhua News Agency commented that Zhang Jixian "is the 'leader' in the front line of hospital treatment." In November of the same year, Zhang Jixian was rated as the National Advanced Worker.
References
1955 births
Living people
Chinese pulmonologists
Chinese virologists
Chinese women scientists
COVID-19 researchers
People from Huanggang
Physicians from Hubei
Wuhan University alumni
Chinese Communist Party politicians
Trinity is a solo album by American composer, improviser and jazz violin and viola player Mat Maneri recorded in 1999 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars calling it "a mystifying debut by a devastatingly creative and deftly talented musician".
Track listing
All compositions by Mat Maneri except as indicated
"Pure Mode" (Matthew Shipp) - 3:54
"Almost Pretty" - 4:39
"Trinity" - 10:04
"Sun Ship" (John Coltrane) - 7:22
"Blue Deco" - 8:29
"Veiled" - 5:08
"Iron Man" (Eric Dolphy) - 3:13
"Lattice" (Joe Morris) - 3:22
"November 1st" - 10:48
"Lady Day's Lament" (Joe Maneri) - 6:47
Recorded at Gateway Studio in Kingston, England in July 1999
Personnel
Mat Maneri - violin, viola
References
2000 albums
Mat Maneri albums
ECM Records albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
John Marlyn (April 2, 1912 – November 16, 2005) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Canadian writer who also used the pseudonym Vincent Reid when writing science fiction.
Marlyn was born in Nagybecskerek (Veliki Bečkerek), Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary (today Serbia) but grew up in Winnipeg, Manitoba, after arriving in Canada as an infant. During the depression-era 1930s, he found work as a script reader for a film studio in England. Just before World War II, he returned to Canada and worked as a writer for the Canadian government in Ottawa, Ontario. He also taught creative writing at Carleton University 1963–1967.
Marlyn received a Beta Sigma Phi award for his first novel, a tale of poor immigrant life during the 1920s, set in Winnipeg's North End.
Marlyn's papers were acquired by the University of Calgary in 1987.
He lived in the Canary Islands until he died of a heart attack.
Excerpt
"The English," he whispered. "Pa, the only people who count are the English. Their fathers got all the best jobs. They're the only ones nobody ever calls foreigners. Nobody ever makes fun of their names or calls them, 'Baloney-eaters,' or laughs at the way they dress or talk." "Nobody," he concluded bitterly, "cause when you're English it's the same as being Canadian." —Under the Ribs of Death
Works
Under the Ribs of Death (1957)
Putzi, I Love You, You Little Square (1981)
The Baker's Daughter (2000)
References
The Oxford Companion to Canadian Literature, 2nd ed., pp. 742–743.
Wenzl, Bernhard. "… beyond the invisible barrier at Portage and Main": Liminality in John Marlyn's Under the Ribs of Death". In: In-Between – Liminal Spaces in Canadian Literature and Culture, Ed. Stefan L. Brandt. Peter Lang Verlag, 2017, 91-100.
1912 births
2005 deaths
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to Canada
Canadian male novelists
Canadian science fiction writers
Canadian people of Hungarian descent
Writers from Zrenjanin
20th-century Canadian novelists
20th-century Canadian male writers
The New Generation Currency (NGC) Series is the name used to refer to Philippine peso banknotes issued since 2010 and coins issued since 2018 (2017 for the five peso coin). The series uses the Myriad and Twentieth Century typefaces.
History of the banknotes
Background
In 2009, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas announced that it will launch a massive redesign for its banknotes and coins to further enhance security features and to improve durability.
Introduction
The members of the numismatic committee included Bangko Sentral Deputy Governor Diwa Guinigundo and Dr. Ambeth Ocampo, chairman of the National Historical Institute. Designed by Studio 5 Designs and Design Systemat, the new banknotes' designs features famous Filipinos and iconic natural wonders. Philippine national symbols will be depicted on coins. The BSP started releasing the initial batch of new banknotes in December 2010. The word used in the bills was "Pilipino" rendered in Baybayin ().
On December 16, 2010, the new design for Philippine banknotes were released. The font used for lettering in the banknotes is Myriad, while the numerals are set in the Twentieth Century font.
Duterte banknotes
On December 16, 2016, BSP announced that they will launch sets of banknotes bearing President Rodrigo Duterte's signature. The BSP initially released five million pieces of the new 20, 50, 100, 500, and 1,000-peso bills with Duterte's signature. As for the 200-pesos bills, only two million pieces were released because of lower demand for this denomination.
Demonetization of the New Design Series
The New Generation Currency series were the only circulating set of notes since December 30, 2017.
2017 Enhanced Version
In 2017, the BSP updated the design of the NGC series banknotes.
2020 Enhanced Version
In 2020, the BSP released an improved version of the NGC series. In addition to the security features currently present for five denominations (excluding the P20 banknote), the new banknotes will have an upgraded Motion security thread and design for all five denominations, and anti-copy and anti-scanning devices. The notes also have features for the benefit of the visually impaired.
Polymer banknotes
In 2021, the BSP announced that it will test run the issuance of polymer banknotes through a limited issuance of 1,000-peso bills during the first half of 2022 as part of a long-term study to move to polymer notes. The banknotes will be printed by Note Printing Australia (NPA), wholly owned subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) as result of a government-to-government (G2G) memorandum of understanding between the RBA and the BSP. The Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) will circulate the second polymer banknote, the 500-Piso banknote by 2023 after assessing the public's acceptance of the first 1,000-Piso polymer money. However, BSP Governor Felipe Medalla said over the weekend that the 500-Piso polymer banknote is unlikely to be issued in the first half of 2023.
History of the coins
Introduction
On March 26, 2018, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas introduced the New Generation Currency Coin Series which was circulated through banks on March 27. The new series features native Philippine flora. Sentimo denominated coins feature a stylized representation of the Philippine flag on the obverse. Peso denominated coins depict the portraits of renowned national heroes of the Philippines on the obverse. The coins are struck in Nickel-plated steel for all six denominations, in response to the widespread hoarding and melting down of the coins, decreasing the cost of production of minting the coins and address concerns of the discoloration of the coins due to the humid, tropical environment. However, the 10-sentimo coin is not included in this series, because it was removed as a general circulation coin.
In July 2019, the BSP announced plans to replace the ₱20 bill with a ₱20 coin by the 1st quarter of 2020. However, ₱20 bills are still printed in 2020, alongside the enhanced version of the other denominations.
In September 2019, Benjamin Diokno, the current BSP governor, announced that the ₱5 coin, being confused for the ₱1 coin, will have a revised design, featuring a wave edge or scallop shape and enhanced security features. The ₱20 coin, also in the same announcement, received its final designs in the same month and the two coins will be released for circulation in December 2019. The 5-piso coin, however, will have a nonagonal shape, while the 20-piso coin, will be bimetallic and the 20-piso coin will be the second bimetallic coin in circulation after the 10-piso coin of the New Design/BSP series.
Banknotes
Original series
Enhanced (2020) series
Polymer banknote version
Coins
Design
Coins
1 Sentimo
The obverse side of the coin feature the description "Republika ng Pilipinas", the three stars and the sun (stylized representation of the Philippine flag), the denomination, year of minting, and mint mark, and the reverse side of the coin depicts the Xanthostemon verdugonianus (Mangkono), a plant endemic to the Philippines and the current logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. The composition is nickel-plated steel, has diameter of 15 mm, and mass of 1.9 grams.
5 Sentimos
The obverse side of the coin feature the description "Republika ng Pilipinas", the three stars and the sun (stylized representation of the Philippine flag), the denomination, year of minting, and mint mark, and the reverse side of the coin depicts the Hoya pubicalyx (Kapal-kapal baging), a plant endemic to the Philippines and the current logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. The composition is nickel-plated steel, has diameter of 16 mm, and mass of 2.2 grams.
25 Sentimos
The obverse side of the coin feature the description "Republika ng Pilipinas", the three stars and the sun (stylized representation of the Philippine flag), the denomination, year of minting, and mint mark, and the reverse side of the coin depicts the Dillenia philippinensis (Katmon), a plant endemic to the Philippines and the current logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. The composition is nickel-plated steel, has diameter of 20 mm, and mass of 3.6 grams. The size and mass of this coin has same as 25 centavos in BSP Series.
1 Piso
The obverse side of the coin feature the description "Republika ng Pilipinas", José Rizal, a national hero of the Philippines, the denomination, year of minting, and mint mark, and the reverse side of the coin depicts the Vanda sanderiana (Waling-Waling), a plant endemic to the Philippines and the current logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. The composition is nickel-plated steel, has diameter of 23 mm, and mass of 6 grams.
5 Piso
The obverse side of the coin feature the description "Republika ng Pilipinas", Andrés Bonifacio, a national hero of the Philippines, the denomination, year of minting, and mint mark, and the reverse side of the coin depicts the Strongylodon macrobotrys (Tayabak), a plant endemic to the Philippines and the current logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. The composition is nickel-plated steel, has diameter of 25 mm, and mass of 7.4 grams. Due to the confusion of the 5-Piso coin bearing similarities with the 1-Piso coin (mainly caused by its similar size), the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas has reissued the 5-Piso coin in a nonagonal (9-sided shape) into circulation on December 17, 2019.
10 Piso
The obverse side of the coin feature the description "Republika ng Pilipinas", Apolinario Mabini, a national hero of the Philippines, the denomination, year of minting, and mint mark, and the reverse side of the coin depicts the Medinilla magnifica (Kapa-kapa), a plant endemic to the Philippines and the current logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. The composition is nickel-plated steel, has diameter of 27 mm, and mass of 8 grams. This is the third edge inscription coin used in the Philippines in common circulation after the 1897 one Piso coin which edge is fleur-de-iles and the 50 centavo coin in 1880–1885 which is inscripted LEY PATRIA REY *** which means "Law, homeland, king".
20 Piso
The 20 Piso banknote will be changed into a coin that will be released in December 2019 to solve the overuse of this banknote that only takes a year to replace it with a new banknote based on research by the University of the Philippines. The Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas states that the new 20 Piso coin lasts for 10 to 15 years, longer than a 20 Piso banknote. The 20 peso coin was issued into circulation on December 17, 2019. The coin is bi-metallic, with a bronze-plated steel outer ring and a nickel-plated steel center plug, and is the second bi-metallic coin issued by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, after the 10 peso coin of the New Design/BSP series. The obverse side of the coin features a portrait of Philippine President Manuel Quezon and the reverse side of the coin depict the Scyphiphora (Nilad), Malacañang Palace, the official residence and workplace of the President of the Philippines and the current logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. One notable feature is the edge inscription, with the initial "BSP" at six angles. This is the fourth edge inscription coin used in the Philippines in common circulation.
Banknotes
20 Piso
Colored orange, the main design on the front of the note features a portrait of Philippine president Manuel L. Quezon along with scenes associated with Quezon, including the declaration of Filipino as the national language of the Philippines and Malacañang Palace, the official residence of the President of the Philippines. The designs on the back of the note depict the Banaue Rice Terraces, the Asian palm civet (Paradoxurus hermaphroditus), and a weave design from the Cordilleras.
50 Piso
Colored red, the main designs shown on the front of the note depict a portrait of Philippine president Sergio Osmeña and images tied to him, one depicting the First Philippine Assembly in 1907 and the other the Leyte Landing. The main designs on the back show Taal Lake, the Giant Trevally (locally known as Maliputo) (Caranx ignobilis) and an embroidery design from Batangas province.
100 Piso
Colored violet, the main designs for this denomination on the front depict a portrait of Philippine president Manuel A. Roxas and images associated with Roxas, including the founding of the Central Bank of the Philippines (Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas) in 1949 and the Inauguration of the Third Philippine Republic on July 4, 1946. The main designs shown on the back feature the Mayon Volcano, the Whale Shark (locally known as Butanding, scientific name Rhincodon typus) and a weave design from Bicol. The original version, issued from 2010 to 2016, included a blue underprint. Notes issued from 2016 onwards have a strong mauve or violet color, due to complaints that the color of the 100 pesos note is almost indistinguishable from the 1,000 pesos note.
200 Piso
Colored green, the main designs of the front of the note feature a portrait of Philippine president Diosdado P. Macapagal, along with images associated with Macapagal, including the EDSA People Power 2001, the Aguinaldo Shrine in Kawit, Cavite and the Barasoain Church in Malolos, Bulacan. The main designs on the back of the note feature the Chocolate Hills in Bohol, the Philippine tarsier (Tarsius syrichta), and a weave design from the Visayas. The main designs on the front of the note were used from 2010 to 2017. The 2017 issue features images showing the Declaration of Philippine Independence in Kawit, Cavite, and the Opening of the Malolos Congress in Barasoain Church, Malolos, Bulacan.
500 Piso
Colored yellow, the main designs on the front of the note feature the dual portraits of Philippine Senator Benigno Aquino Jr. and his wife, Philippine president Corazon C. Aquino. Also on the front of the note are images associated to the couple, the image of the 1986 People Power Revolution and the Benigno Aquino Jr. monument in Makati. The main designs on the back of the note feature the Subterranean River National Park, the Blue-naped parrot (Tanygnathus lucionensis), and a cloth design from the Southern Philippines.
1,000 Piso
Colored light-blue, the main designs on the front of the note feature the trio portraits of José Abad Santos, Vicente Lim and Josefa Llanes Escoda. Also on the front of the note is an image of the Centennial celebration of Philippine independence. The main designs on the back of the note feature the Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park, the South Sea Pearl (Pinctada maxima), and a cloth design from the Mindanao design for T'nalak (Ikat-dyed abaca). The original issue from 2010 to 2017 featured the Order of Lakandula (erroneously labelled as "Medal of Honor") and its description on the front. Notes issued from 2017 onwards omit both the medal and its description. This April 2022, the BSP in partnership with the Reserve Bank of Australia, will release a limited trial polymer version of the 1000-piso banknote, completely removing the three portraits of the figureheads and instead replacing it with an image of the Philippine Eagle with a clear window of Sampaguita, the national flower of the Philippines. The banknote is also the first to be printed which features the new logo of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, which has received much criticism from the general public. In an interview, Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas Governor Benjamin Diokno stated that “The new series will focus on fauna and flora in the Philippines.”
Commemorative banknotes
5,000 Piso
On January 18, 2021, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas issued a non-circulating 5,000 Piso banknote in commemoration of the Quincentennial Commemorations in the Philippines, the anniversary of the Victory of Mactan, which Lapulapu vanquished Portuguese conquistador Ferdinand Magellan and his army in their attempt to colonize Mactan.
On its obverse, the banknote depicts a young Lapulapu, an image of the Battle of Mactan, the QCP logo, and the Karakoa, the large outrigger warships used by native Filipinos, while on its reverse shows the Philippine eagle, or the Manaol, which symbolizes clear vision, freedom, and strength; and which embodies the ancient Visayan belief that all living creatures originated from an eagle, also featured are the tree of a coconut, which was food the people of Samar provided to Ferdinand Magellan and his crew; and Mount Apo, which is located in Mindanao, where the circumnavigators finally found directional clues to their intended destination of Maluku or the Spice Island.
This commemorative non-circulating banknote is predominantly brown in color.
References
Banknotes of the Philippines
Philippines currency history
Portraits on banknotes
Parnelia "Nell" Augustine (1884–1960) was an American painter. Her work can be seen at the Museum of Nebraska Art. She was born in Grand Island, Nebraska, the daughter of Dietrick, a printer, and Margaret Spethman. At the age of 14, she received special attention for her drawing at the 1898 Trans-Mississippi and International Exposition in Omaha, Nebraska.
References
1884 births
1960 deaths
People from Grand Island, Nebraska
American women painters
Painters from Nebraska
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
Polycera norvegica, is a sea slug, a species of dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae.
Distribution
This nudibranch is described from Norway and DNA-determined from Scotland where it is sympatric with Polycera quadrilineata with which it has previously been confused.
Description
Polycera norvegica is a smooth-bodied nudibranch with two colour morphs. The ground colour is translucent white with yellow or orange tubercles which may unite into lines along the mantle margin and midline of the body. The spotted colour morph has smaller yellow spots and additional black speckles which may partially fuse into brown patches in some individuals. The head has four or occasionally six projections with yellow surface pigmentation which may be reduced to spots of yellow in the speckled morph. The gills and rhinophores are translucent white, tipped with yellow.
Ecology
References
Polyceridae
Gastropods described in 2020
The Law of São Tomé e Príncipe derives from Portuguese Civil law and is based on statutes. The Constitution of São Tomé e Príncipe, in force since 2003, is the supreme law of the country and is characterized by its rigid written form.
Constitution and law
The law of São Tomé e Príncipe is largely derived from Portuguese civil law and is related to the Roman-Germanic legal tradition. This means that the legal system is based on statutes.
The Constitution of São Tomé e Príncipe, in force since 2003, is the supreme law of the country and is characterized by its rigid written form. It has 160 articles about organization of political powers, Human rights, social and economic issues.
Judiciary Branch
The "Supremo Tribunal de Justiça (STJ)" and the "Tribunal Constitucional" are the highest courts of the country.
See also
Legal systems of the world
References
External links
Constitution of São Tomé e Príncipe in Portuguese
Official site of Supreme Court of Justice
Niqmepa, son of Idrimi, was king of Alalakh in the first half of 15th century BC.
Contemporary documents
Evidence for the reign of King Niqmepa is based on clay cuneiform tablets excavated at Tell Atchana by Charles Leonard Woolley.
References
Kings of Alalakh
Yamhad dynasty
15th-century BC people
A Bag of Marbles () is a 2017 French drama film directed by Christian Duguay, based on the autobiographical novel A Bag of Marbles by Joseph Joffo. It is the second time the novel has been made into a film after Un sac de billes (1975). The film won the Best Narrative Audience Award at the Philadelphia Jewish Film Festival 37. The film was also a jury prize competitor at the Atlanta Jewish Film Festival.
Plot
In occupied France during World War II, two young Jewish brothers, Maurice and Joseph, are sent by their parents to the Italian Zone, and display courage, intelligence and ingenuity as they escape the occupiers and try to reunite their family.
Cast and characters
Dorian Le Clech as Joseph
Batyste Fleurial as Maurice
Patrick Bruel as Roman
Elsa Zylberstein as Anna
Bernard Campan as Amboise Mancelier
Kev Adams as Ferdinand
Christian Clavier as Doctor Rosen
César Domboy as Henri
Ilian Bergala as Albert
Emile Berling as Raoul Mancelier
Jocelyne Desverchère as Marcelle Mancelier
Coline Leclère as Françoise
Holger Daemgen as Alois Brunner
Michael Smadja as Simon
Lucas Prisor as German Controller
Frédéric Épaud
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 83% based on 24 reviews, and an average rating of 7.3/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 55 out of 100, based on 7 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Hannah Brown of The Jerusalem Post called A Bag of Marbles "One of the best movies told about the holocaust from a child's point of view".
References
External links
2017 drama films
French drama films
2010s French-language films
Films set in France
Films directed by Christian Duguay (director)
Canadian drama films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
2010s French films
Mark A. Lemley (born c. 1966) is currently the William H. Neukom Professor of Law at Stanford Law School and the Director of the Stanford Law School Program in Law, Science & Technology, as well as a founding partner of the law firm of Durie Tangri LLP, which he has been practicing with since 2009.
Career
Academic career
Lemley teaches intellectual property, computer and Internet law, patent law, trademark law, antitrust law and remedies. He is the author of seven books, including the two-volume treatise IP and Antitrust and over 150 articles published in law reviews or law journals. He is a widely cited expert on patent law. For example, according to his official biography on the Stanford Law website, his works "have been cited more than 220 times by courts, including eleven United States Supreme Court opinions, and more than 14,000 times in books and law review articles, making him the most-cited scholar in IP law and one of the five most cited legal scholars of all time" and he has also "published 9 of the 100 most-cited law review articles of the last twenty years."
Prior to Stanford Law, where he has been teaching at since 2004, he taught law at University of Texas School of Law (1994-2000) as The Marrs McLean Professor of Law and UC Berkeley School of Law (2000-2004) as The Elizabeth Josselyn Boalt Professor of Law.
Private practice
Since 2009, he also practices law as a partner at Durie Tangri LLP, which he co-founded. Before his academic career, Lemley practiced law with the firms of Brown and Bain as well as Fish and Richardson.
Business
Lemley is one of the founders of Lex Machina, a company that provides data analytics involving IP and antitrust litigation to law firms, universities, courts, and policymakers. The company started as a public interest project by Lemley and co-founders George Gregory and Joshua Walker at Stanford University's Law School and Computer Science department, under the IP Clearinghouse Project.
Education
Lemley earned his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Economics from Stanford University in 1988, where he won the John G. Sobieski Prize in Economics and was a Truman Scholar. He earned his Juris Doctor degree from the University of California Berkeley School of Law (or Boalt Hall School of Law) in 1991, where he graduated first in his class (winning the Thelen Marrin Prize for Academic Achievement given to the top graduate) and was elected into the Order of the Coif. Upon graduation from law school, he served as a judicial law clerk for The Honorable Dorothy Wright Nelson at the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Awards
Lemley has been named California Lawyer's Attorney of the Year twice (in 2005 and 2015) and received the California State Bar's inaugural IP Vanguard Award. In 2007, he was named a Young Global Leader by the Davos World Francisco IP lawyer of the year and Best Lawyers' San Francisco IP Lawyer of the Year in 2010. Lemley was inducted in the 2014 IP Hall of Fame. In 2017, he received the P.J. Federico Award from the Patent and Trademark Office Society. In 2018, Lemley received the World Technology Award for Law. He has been recognized as one of the 25 most influential people in IP by American Lawyer, one of the 100 most influential lawyers in the National Law Journal (in 2006 and 2013), and one of the 10 most admired attorneys in IP by IP360. In 2007, Lemley was recognized as one of the top 50 litigators in the country under 45.
Publications
Lemley is the author of eight books and 175 articles, including the two-volume treatise IP and Antirust. His articles have appeared in 23 of the top 25 law reviews, in economic journals such as the American Economic Review and the Review of Economics and Statistics. Lemley published 9 of the 100 most-cited law review articles in the last twenty years, more than any other scholar.
References
External links
Mark Lemley's Official Page at Stanford Law School
Mark Lemley's Page at Durie Tangri LLP
1966 births
Living people
Stanford Law School faculty
University of Texas faculty
UC Berkeley School of Law faculty
UC Berkeley School of Law alumni
Stanford University alumni
Patent law scholars
Computer law scholars
Copyright scholars
Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi (also known as Ali Miyan; 5 December 1913 – 31 December 1999) was an Indian Islamic scholar and author of over fifty books in various languages. He was the theorist of a revivalist movement. In particular he believed Islamic civilisation could be revived via a synthesis of western ideas and Islam. He served as the seventh chancellor of the Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama.
Biography
Abul Hasan Ali Nadwi was born on 5 December 1913 in Raebareli. His father, Hakim Syed Abdul Hai, wrote an 8-volumes Arabic encyclopedia called Nuzhat al Khawatir (biographical notices of more than 5,000 theologian and jurists of the Sub-continent). Ali received his early education at his hometown Takia, Raebareli, Uttar Pradesh, India. His mother initiated his early training in Quranic studies then he later entered formal education in Arabic, Persian and Urdu. He received a B.A in Arabic literature from the University of Lucknow in 1927. He entered Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama in 1929, studying most of the Islamic sciences there, and then studied briefly at the Darul Uloom Deoband during 1932. He went to Lahore to study tafsir with Ahmad Ali Lahori. His other teachers included Hussain Ahmad Madani, Hyder Hasan Tonki and Izaz Ali Amrohi.
He was a student of Abul A'la Maududi, and played a significant role in transposing Maududi's thought to Sayyid Qutb and to the Arab world in general, due to his effort in translating most of Maududi's books into Arabic. However, according to Julten Abdelhalim, "Abul Hasan Nadwi was known for his opposition to Maududi strategies; although they both agreed on the significance of the creation of the Islamic state, they differed on the means."
Writings
Abul Hassan Ali Nadwi primarily wrote in Arabic, although also in Urdu, and wrote more than fifty books on history, theology, and biography, and thousands of seminar papers, articles, and recorded speeches.
His 1950 book Maza Khasiral Alam be Inhitat al-Muslimeen (lit. What did the world lose with the decline of Muslims?), translated into English as Islam and the World, was largely responsible for popularizing the concept of "modern Jahiliyya" The Islamist author Syed Qutb commended Nadwi's writings for his use of the word jahiliyya to describe not a particular age in history (as earlier Muslim scholars did) but a state of moral corruption and materialism.
He wrote 'Qasas al-Nabiyyeen' (translated as 'Stories of the Prophets') for his nephew that became famous among the Arabic learners and the book was soon included in the syllabi for teaching Arabic at various institutions around the globe. Being a fan of Dr. Muhammad Iqbal, Ali Nadwi also undertook the task of introducing Iqbal and his Islamic thoughts to the Arab world. Thus, he wrote 'Rawa'i' Iqbal' which was subsequently rendered in to Urdu as 'Nuqoosh-i-Iqbal'.
He wrote a detailed biography of his father in Urdu entitled 'Hayat-e-Abdul Haiy'. He also wrote a biographical account of his mother in 'Zikr-e-Khayr'. While he also penned his autobiography, 'Karawan-e-Zindagi', in 7 volumes.
An adherent of pan-Islamism, he opposed secular Arab nationalism and pan-Arabism. He also had a lifelong association with the Tablighi Jamaat.
Dr. Shah has summarized some of his salient thoughts in the following words:'Maulana Ali Nadwi sincerely and staunchly believed that the real threat to the modern world, especially the Muslim world, is neither the lack of material development nor the political disturbances, rather it's the moral and spiritual decline. He firmly believed that Islam alone has the ability to overturn this and thus Muslims must wake up to make an effort in this regard. By staying back, he argued, the Muslims were not only failing themselves rather the entire humanity! He stressed on Muslims, especially those living in a Muslim majority country (like Pakistan), to develop a society based on Islamic principles that could become a model (for its moral and spiritual values) for the rest of the world. He was a strong critic of nationalism and stressed upon working for the humanity, collectively. He also laid much emphasis on the crucial role women for upholding the teachings of Islam in a society.
Instead of trying to shut their doors for the incoming western influence, he believed that the intellectual Muslims should study the contemporary Western ideologies and form their own ideology in its response, withholding the 'superior moral values of Islam'. He opposed 'Islamic groups' from clashing with the 'secular elite' in Muslim majority countries and instead encouraged for an 'inclusive approach' wherein the 'secular elite' could be gradually and positively called towards Islam, without causing any chaos in the society. Similarly, he also urged Muslims living as a minority to maintain peace and create a valuable position for themselves through hard work and exemplary morals.'
Positions, honours and awards
1962 Founding member/Secretary of the first inaugural session and foundation of Muslim World League in Mecca.
1980 King Faisal Award
Founding Chairman of Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies.
1984 President of 'League of Islamic Literature'.
1999 'Islamic Personality of Year' award established by Sheikh Mohammed of the United Arab Emirates.
1999 Sultan of Brunei Award
After his death, the International Islamic University, Islamabad (IIUI), Pakistan, arranged a seminar in his honor and published the speeches and articles presented therein as ‘Maulana Sayyid Abul Hasan Ali Nadwi – Hayat-o-Afkar Kay Chand Pehlu'
Access to the Kaaba
In 1951, during his second pilgrimage (Hajj) to Makkah the key-bearer of the Kaaba (Islam's holiest building), opened its door for two days and allowed Abul Hassan Ali Nadwi to take anyone he chose inside.
He was given the key to the Kaaba to allow him to enter whenever he chose during his pilgrimage.
Death
Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi died on 23 Ramadan, 1420 AH (31 December 1999) in Raebareli, India at the age of 85.
See also
Abul A'la Maududi
Sayyid Qutb
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Central Mosque Website
English books (103) for download by Abul Hasan Ali Nadwi
1914 births
1999 deaths
People from Raebareli
Indian Islamists
Indian Sunni Muslim scholars of Islam
Hanafis
20th-century Indian philosophers
Urdu-language writers
Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama
20th-century Muslim scholars of Islam
Deobandis
Critics of Ahmadiyya
Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama alumni
Indian Islamic religious leaders
Darul Uloom Deoband alumni
Chancellors of Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama
Managers of Nadwatul Ulama
Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi
Natural law is law that exists independently of the positive law of a given political order, society or nation-state.
Natural law may also refer to:
"Natural Law" (Star Trek: Voyager), a Star Trek: Voyager episode
Natural-law argument, an argument for the existence of God
Natural Law Party, a trans-national union of political parties, with national branches in over 80 countries
Natural Law Party of Canada
Natural Law Party (Ireland)
Natural Law Party of Israel
Natural Law Party of New Zealand
Natural Law Party of Ontario
Natural Law Party of Quebec
Natural Law Party (Trinidad and Tobago)
Natural Law Party (United States)
Scientific law, statements based on experimental observations that describe some aspect of the world
See also
Law of nature (disambiguation)
Crime against nature (disambiguation)
Lassi is a yoghurt-based drink of South Asia.
Lassi may also refer to:
Lassi, Kefalonia, town in Kefalonia, Greece
Lassi, Hiiu County, village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County, Estonia
Lassi, Saare County, village in Salme Parish, Saare County, Estonia
Lassi people, an ethnic group of Pakistan
Lassi dialect, spoken in Pakistan
Mehrullah Lassi, Pakistani boxer
See also
Laasi, a village in Estonia
Lasi (disambiguation)
Lassy (disambiguation)
Lassie (disambiguation)
Almon Heath Read (June 12, 1790 – June 3, 1844) was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 17th congressional district from 1842 to 1843 and Pennsylvania's 12th congressional district from 1843 to 1844. He served in both houses of the Pennsylvania legislature and as Pennsylvania State Treasurer.
Early life and education
Read was born in Shelburne, Vermont. He graduated from Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts in 1811. He served as county clerk from 1815 to 1820. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1816 and commenced practice in Montrose, Pennsylvania.
Career
He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1827 to 1832. He served in the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 11th district from 1833 to 1837 and as Pennsylvania State Treasurer from 1840 to 1841.
Read was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-seventh Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Davis Dimock, Jr. He was reelected to the Twenty-eighth Congress and served until his death in Montrose in 1844. Interment in Montrose Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
Notes
Sources
The Political Graveyard
|-
|-
1790 births
1844 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania lawyers
Pennsylvania state senators
People from Shelburne, Vermont
People from the Scranton–Wilkes-Barre metropolitan area
State treasurers of Pennsylvania
Williams College alumni
19th-century American lawyers
Turubu Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea. Many Marienberg languages are spoken in this LLG.
Wards
01. Mandi (Wiarumus language speakers)
02. Forok
03. Kep (Terebu language and Kaiep language speakers)
04. Suanum / Munjun
05. Samap (Elepi language and Kaiep language speakers)
06. Ibab/Waibab
07. Tring (Kamasau language speakers)
08. Yaugib (Urimo language speakers)
09. Namarep (kumin paio languages)
10. Kinyare
11. Kandai
12. Mundagai
13. Wawat
14. Yamben
15. Mambe (Juwal language speakers)
16. Bungain (Bungain language speakers)
17. Sinambali
18. Manuwara
19. Sir
20. Putanda
21. Parpur
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Mid Kerry is one of the divisions of Kerry Gaelic Athletic Association. It organizes Gaelic football and hurling competitions for the clubs within the division and fields teams in county competitions. The division is based around the town of Killorglin and neighboring parishes. The division was created in 1947 when Laune Rangers, Castlemaine, Milltown, Tuogh, Glenbeigh and Beaufort broke way from the East Kerry division to create their own competitions.
Member clubs
Beaufort
Cromane
Glenbeigh-Glencar
Keel
Laune Rangers
Milltown/Castlemaine
Achievements
Kerry Senior Football Championship Winners (4) 1967, 1971, 1992, 2008 Runners-Up 1965, 1972, 1975, 1978, 1990, 2011, 2014, 2020
Kerry Under-21 Football Championship Winners (3) 1981, 2000, 2013 Runners-Up 2002, 2004
Kerry Minor Football Championship Winners (5) 1960, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2003 Runners-Up 1962, 2000, 2011, 2015, 2017, 2021
Competitions
The main competition run by the division is the Mid Kerry Senior Football Championship.
Notable players
Peter Crowley
Donnchadh Walsh
Darren O'Sullivan
Dan Doona
Pat Griffin
Brendan Lynch
Paudie Lynch
Aidan O'Shea
Seán O'Sullivan
Tom Prendergast
References
External sources
Divisional boards of Kerry GAA
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Kerry
Liski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village is located in the historical region of Sokal, Galicia. The Szelemej Family was autochthonous to the village for centuries, with a direct most recent dynastic lineage of Hryc, Roman, Ivan, Dmytro, Hryhory, Ihor, and Paul (Pavlush) Szelemej; who now reside in Winnipeg, Canada.
History
Over the centuries, the Pans of the selo switched over hands not infrequently. By c. 1805, the Kryzhanivskys built a distillery on the other side of the road. They first had to build a brickyard (near the stream below the current church), taking the clay for brickmaking from the Prisilka tract. This to some extent improved the financial situation of the serf peasants, only because the feculent refuse of the distillery served to fatten the cattle and pigs. In addition, Pan Kryzhanivsky gave alcohol for the work, so as to intoxicate the peasants; and suppressing any risk of rebellion. The Muscovites would routinely exchange it for sugar (the tragic story of Grandmother Mary's Tit). Behind the distillery stood the lord's cowsheds and stables.
Water was taken to the plant from the source of the pond by water birch pipes (during the cleaning of the pond in 1935 up to 30 m of such pipes were dug).
In the First World War, all of the manor houses burned down. No one rebuilt them anymore, because Mr. Kryzhanivsky gave his daughter in marriage to Potvorovsky, who lived in the village Gilche. In 1920, having become a senator, he moved to Warsaw with his family.
For the whole of Galicia, and therefore also for the peasants of the village, the year 1848 was extremely memorable with the proclamation of the abolition of serfdom. On this occasion, an iron cross was installed and 4 linden trees were planted. This cross still stands on the left side of the stairs leading to the church.
Before the demolition of the serfdom in 1846, Mr. Kryzhanivsky at the entrance to the village between the roads from Gilch and Kostyashyn built a chapel with a wooden figure of St. Florian, and before entering the village from Perevodov - an iron cross with the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, which in the village was called a figurine. They stand now.
At that time there was an old parish church in the village, and a cemetery around it. The parishioners were faced with the acute question of building a new church. Under the leadership of three villagers (their names were erased from the back wall of the church) the parishioners of the village were raised. Liski, Perevodiv and Kostyashyn on the construction of the parish cathedral. Its construction began in 1872 and was completed in 1875.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Ricardo Daniel ("Turco") Julio (born January 13, 1976) is an Argentine professional racing cyclist.
Career highlights
2008
3rd in Stage 7 Vuelta a San Juan (ARG)
2008
3rd in General Classification Vuelta a San Juan (ARG)
External links
Overview
1976 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Argentine people
In molecular biology, the XPG-I is a protein domain found on Xeroderma Pigmentosum Complementation Group G (XPG) protein. The XPG protein is an endonuclease which repairs DNA damage caused by ultraviolet light (UV light). The XPG protein repairs DNA by a process called, Nucleotide excision repair. Mutations in the protein commonly cause Xeroderma Pigmentosum which often lead to skin cancer.
Function
The function of the internal XPG (XPG-I) domain contains many of cysteine and glutamate amino acid residues that are frequently found in various enzyme active sites, DNA nucleases. The domain, together with the N-terminal forms the catalytic domain that contains the active site.
Mechanism
XPG cleaves the 5'-overhanging flap structure that is generated when DNA polymerase encounters the 5'-end of a downstream Okazaki fragment. It has both 5'endo-/exonuclease and 5'-pseudo-Y-endonuclease activities. Cleaves the junction between single and double-stranded regions of flap DNA. The endonuclease binds 2 magnesium ions per subunit, which probably participate in the reaction catalyzed by the enzyme. May bind an additional third magnesium ion after substrate binding.
References
Protein families
Protein domains
DNA repair
The river prinia (Prinia fluviatilis) is a species of bird of the family Cisticolidae. It is found in northwestern Senegal, along the Niger River (near the border between Mali and Niger), in the Lake Chad region and in northwestern Kenya. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and swamps.
References
river prinia
Birds of West Africa
Fauna of Kenya
Lake Chad
river prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In graph theory, a branch of mathematics, a half graph is a special type of bipartite graph. These graphs are called the half graphs because they have approximately half of the edges of a complete bipartite graph on the same vertices. The name was given to these graphs by Paul Erdős and András Hajnal.
Definition
To define the half graph on vertices and , connect to by an edge whenever .
The same concept can also be defined in the same way for infinite graphs over two copies of any ordered set of vertices.
The half graph over the natural numbers (with their usual ordering)
has the property that each vertex has finite degree, at most . The vertices on the other side of the bipartition have infinite degree.
Properties
Matching
The half graph has a unique perfect matching. This is straightforward to see by induction: must be matched to its only neighbor, , and the remaining vertices form another half graph. More strongly, every bipartite graph with a unique perfect matching is a subgraph of a half graph.
In graphs of uncountable chromatic number
If the chromatic number of a graph is uncountable,
then the graph necessarily contains as a subgraph a half graph on the natural numbers. This half graph, in turn, contains every complete bipartite graph in which one side of the bipartition is finite and the other side is countably infinite.
Applications
Regularity
One application for the half graph occurs in the Szemerédi regularity lemma,
which states that the vertices of any graph can be partitioned into a constant number of subsets of equal size, such that most pairs of subsets are regular
(the edges connecting the pair behave in certain ways like a random graph of some particular density). If the half graph is partitioned in this way into subsets, the number of irregular pairs will be at least proportional to . Therefore, it is not possible to strengthen the regularity lemma to show the existence of a partition for which all pairs are regular. On the other hand, for any integer , the graphs that do not have a -vertex half graph as an induced subgraph obey a stronger version of the regularity lemma with no irregular pairs.
Stability
Saharon Shelah's unstable formula theorem in model theory characterizes the stable theories (complete theories that have few types) by the nonexistence of countably infinite half graphs. Shelah defines a complete theory as having the order property if there exist a model of the theory, a formula on two finite tuples of free variables and , and a system of countably many values and for these variables such that the pairs form the edges of a countable half graph on vertices and . Intuitively, the existence of these half graphs allows one to construct infinite ordered sets within the model. The unstable formula theorem states that a complete theory is stable if and only if it does not have the order property.
References
Parametric families of graphs
Constant Wauters (born 25 April 1889) was a Belgian colonial official. He was commissioner of Lusambo Province in the Belgian Congo from 1 October 1933 to 17 August 1940.
Life
Constant Joseph Antoine Wauters was born on 25 April 1889.
He entered the colonial service on 29 September 1910.
In 1927 Wauters was a urban commissioner of Léopoldville.
He was concerned that the slum-like Cité Indigène was too close to the European town, and potentially a source of disease.
He proposed four related policies for African townships: they should be separated from the European quarters by a "neutral zone"; sanitation should be provided for; they should be compact rather than fragmented; they should adhere to standard construction approaches.
Wauters favored having all the houses built by one firm rather than leaving it up to the residents, but did not want the government directly involved in construction of housing.
Wauters was named Commissaire général assistant to the governor of the province of Congo-Kasaï on 1 April 1930.
On 4 June 1931 Wauters temporarily assumed the role of governor of Congo-Kasai in place of Joseph Beernaert, who was temporarily replacing Governor General Auguste Tilkens.
Due to disturbances among the African population, Wauters asked for reinforcements and changed the stature of the Kikwit and Kandale territories from Occupation to Police Operation.
Wauters was active in directing the forces of Congo-Kasaï as the revolt of the Pende people progressed.
Order hed been restored by September 1931.
The administrative reform of 1933 rearranged the four original provinces into six new provinces, created a single deputy governor general, and removed this title from the heads of the provinces, who were now called provincial commissioners.
Wauters was among them.
On 1 October 1933 he succeeded Paul Ermens, governor of Congo-Kasaï, as commissioner of the new province of Lusambo, which was formed from the eastern part of Congo-Kasaï, a small part of Equateur Province and the Lomami District of Katanga Province.
He left office on 11 September 1940 and was succeeded by R. Wenner.
In 1949 Wauters published a 384-page book L'ésotérie des Noirs dévoilée about the Bukishi of the Basonge people living along the Lomami River.
His main interest was in the secret knowledge of the Bukishi rather than their sociological function.
He saw their doctrine as being concerned with understanding and experiencing the ultimate reality as a vital force, and interpreted their texts in terms of symbolic meaning, but he left in doubt the authenticity of this interpretation.
Publications
Notes
Sources
1889 births
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
Year of death missing
Carlos Alberto Monje Jr. is an American government official and senior advisor to Secretary Pete Buttigieg. He has served as the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy within the Biden administration since July 2021.
Early life and education
Monje is the first in his family born in the United States; his family is from Argentina. He graduated from Harvard University.
Career
Obama administration
Monje served as deputy policy director at Obama for America and a special assistant in President Obama's DC Senate office where he handled homeland security and veterans affairs. He was helpful with the Senate confirmation of two cabinet secretaries as part of the Obama transition team's 2008 national security working group. Monje was chief of staff of the United States Domestic Policy Council and Special Assistant to the President during the Obama administration. He previously served as Acting Under Secretary and he was nominated by President Barack Obama in 2014 and 2015 to be the Assistant Secretary for Transportation Policy for the U.S. Department of Transportation, he was confirmed by the Senate on March 16, 2015, by a vote of 94–0. He then oversaw implementation of surface transportation programs, the discretionary grant programs, and efforts to promote equity and economic development.
Hillary Clinton presidential campaign
Monje left the Obama administration to join the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign.
Twitter
From March 2017 until September 2020, Monje was responsible for managing Twitter's public policy and government affairs in the U.S. and Canada. Monje left Twitter in September 2020 to join the transition team for Joe Biden.
Biden administration
On April 22, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated him to be the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy. On May 20, 2021, a hearing on his nomination was held before the Senate Commerce Committee. He was reported out favorably from the committee on June 16, 2021. On June 24, 2021, Monje was confirmed by the United States Senate via voice vote.
He was sworn into office on July 7, 2021, by Secretary Pete Buttigieg.
Personal life
Monje is a native of New Orleans. He met his wife, Anne Filipic, while they both worked on the Obama campaign in 2008.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Biden administration personnel
Harvard University alumni
Louisiana Democrats
Obama administration personnel
People from New Orleans
Political campaign staff
Twitter, Inc. people
United States Department of Transportation officials
Maungatapere is a settlement in Northland, New Zealand. State Highway 14 runs through it. Whangārei is 11 km to the east, and Tangiteroria is 18 km to the south west. The settlement takes its name from a rounded volcanic peak of the same name (a Maori name meaning "meeting house by the mountain") that lies to the southwest, and has a summit 359 meters above sea level.
Maungatapere is at the junction of State Highways 14 and 15.
Maungatapere is the antipode of the city of Tangier, Morocco.
History
Thomas Elmsley bought of land in Maungatapere and northern Wairoa from Te Tirarau Kukupa in 1839, and in 1840 he and the brothers Henry and Charles Walton came with workers to establish farms in the area. Henry Walton's farm was on the slopes of Maungatapere Mountain and was called "Maungatapere Park". After the Flagstaff War, Walton employed former soldiers to build stone walls which are still a feature of the area. Henry Walton married Kohura, Te Tirarau Kukupa's niece, in 1846. After she died in childbirth, he married her sister, Pehi, but she died in a measles epidemic in 1856. Walton built a road between Maungatapere and Whangarei in 1858. He also became involved in coal mining and shipbuilding, and was one of the partners in the timber mill at Te Kōpuru. Walton was one of the founding shareholders in the Bank of New Zealand. In 1863 he became a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council and two years later he was elected to the Auckland Provincial Council. However, in 1867 he left New Zealand and returned to England.
Demographics
Statistics New Zealand describes Maungatapere as a rural settlement. The settlement covers . The settlement is part of the larger Maungatapere statistical area.
Maungatapere settlement had a population of 264 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 33 people (14.3%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 33 people (14.3%) since the 2006 census. There were 78 households, comprising 129 males and 132 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.98 males per female, with 72 people (27.3%) aged under 15 years, 33 (12.5%) aged 15 to 29, 108 (40.9%) aged 30 to 64, and 51 (19.3%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 84.1% European/Pākehā, 27.3% Māori, 1.1% Pacific peoples, 3.4% Asian, and 0.0% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 50.0% had no religion, 39.8% were Christian and 2.3% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 24 (12.5%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 45 (23.4%) people had no formal qualifications. 18 people (9.4%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 87 (45.3%) people were employed full-time, 33 (17.2%) were part-time, and 6 (3.1%) were unemployed.
Maungatapere statistical area
Maungatapere statistical area covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Maungatapere statistical area had a population of 3,477 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 483 people (16.1%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 720 people (26.1%) since the 2006 census. There were 1,191 households, comprising 1,764 males and 1,713 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.03 males per female. The median age was 43.7 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 756 people (21.7%) aged under 15 years, 501 (14.4%) aged 15 to 29, 1,659 (47.7%) aged 30 to 64, and 564 (16.2%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 89.0% European/Pākehā, 19.0% Māori, 1.2% Pacific peoples, 2.9% Asian, and 2.2% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 16.2, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 55.0% had no religion, 34.8% were Christian, 0.3% were Hindu, 0.3% were Muslim, 0.3% were Buddhist and 2.7% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 531 (19.5%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 468 (17.2%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $36,500, compared with $31,800 nationally. 531 people (19.5%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,446 (53.1%) people were employed full-time, 516 (19.0%) were part-time, and 63 (2.3%) were unemployed.
Education
Maungatapere School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a roll of students (as of The school celebrated its 125th jubilee in 2004.
Notes
External links
Maungatapere School website
Whangarei District
Populated places in the Northland Region
Fiona Lazaar (born 19 September 1985) is a French politician of The New Democrats who was elected to the French National Assembly on 18 June 2017 as a member of La République En Marche! (LREM), representing Val-d'Oise's 5th constituency.
Political career
In parliament, Lazaar serves on the Committee on Foreign Affairs. In addition to her committee assignments, she is a member of the French-Singaporean Parliamentary Friendship Group.
From October 2018 to September 2020, Lazaar served as one of five deputy chairpersons of the LREM parliamentary group, under the leadership of chairman Gilles Le Gendre. In July 2019, she stood as a candidate for the chairmanship of the Committee on Social Affairs; she was defeated in the second round by the incumbent chairwoman, Brigitte Bourguignon.
In addition to her parliamentary work, Lazaar was appointed by Prime Minister Édouard Philippe to chair the National Council against Poverty and Social Exclusion (CNLE) in 2020.
Lazaar was one of the founding members of The New Democrats in 2020.
Political positions
Domestic policy
Within LREM, Lazaar aligned with Aurélien Taché, Laetitia Avia and few others in challenging secularism.
In 2020, Lazaar went against her parliamentary group's majority and abstained from an important vote on a much discussed security bill drafted by her colleagues Alice Thourot and Jean-Michel Fauvergue that helped, among other measures, curtail the filming of police forces.
Economic policy
In July 2019, Lazaar voted in favor of the French ratification of the European Union's Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) with Canada.
See also
2017 French legislative election
References
1985 births
Living people
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
La République En Marche! politicians
New Democrats politicians
21st-century French women politicians
Place of birth missing (living people)
Women members of the National Assembly (France)
Members of Parliament for Val-d'Oise
Khanpur Dhadda is a village in Nakodar in Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India. It is located from Nakodar, from Kapurthala, from district headquarters Jalandhar and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Transport
Nakodar railway station is the nearest train station. The village is away from domestic airport in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is away in Amritsar.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Nakodar tehsil
Loxoconchidae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida.
Genera
Genera:
Alataconcha Whatley & Zhao
Antarctiloxoconcha Hartmann, 1986
Australoloxoconcha Hartmann, 1974
References
Ostracods
The 1967 Utah Redskins football team was an American football team that represented the University of Utah as a member of the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 1967 NCAA University Division football season. In their second and final season under head coach Mike Giddings, the Redskins compiled an overall record of 4–7 with a mark of 2–3 against conference opponents, placing fourth in the WAC. Home games were played on campus at Ute Stadium in Salt Lake City.
Schedule
After the season
NFL Draft
Three Utah players were selected in the 1968 NFL Draft.
References
Utah
Utah Utes football seasons
Utah Redskins football
Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. In 1910 the US Census Bureau calculated the nation's mean population center to lie in Monroe County. The population was 137,974 at the 2010 United States Census. The county seat is Bloomington. Monroe County is part of the Bloomington, Indiana, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Monroe County was formed in 1818 from portions of Orange County. It was named for James Monroe, fifth President of the United States, who was in that office from 1817 until 1825.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 95.91%) is land and (or 4.09%) is water. The county terrain is low rolling hills, covered with vegetation and largely devoted to agricultural use or urban development. The eastern part is carved with drainages and gullies, leading to Griffy Lake. The county's highest point is McGuire Benchmark, just NW of Bloomington, at 994' (303m) ASL.
Adjacent counties
Morgan - north
Brown - northeast
Jackson - southeast
Lawrence - south
Greene - southwest
Owen - northwest
Bodies of water
Monroe County is divided between the basins of the East Fork and West Fork of Indiana's White River. The northern part drains to the West Fork; the southern part of the county drains to the East Fork, primarily via the Salt Creek and its tributaries, such as the Clear Creek (known as the "Jordan River" on Indiana University Bloomington campus).
Several artificial reservoirs have been constructed by damming the county's creeks. The largest is Lake Monroe, a large reservoir on the Salt Creek in the south-eastern part of the county. It is used both for recreational purposes and to supply the city with drinking water. Until the late 1960s, the main source of water supply was the smaller Lake Lemon (constructed 1953), in the northeastern part of the county; it is now the backup water source, and is mainly used for recreation.
The third largest is Griffy Lake, on the northern slope of the county. Constructed in 1924 by damming Griffy Creek, it was Bloomington's main water source until 1954; it is now used primarily for recreation although it also serves as an emergency water source. In 2012–2013, the lake was drained, the dam repaired, and the lake was refilled.
A smaller lake, Weimer (Wapehani) in the Clear Creek basin, was constructed for water supply purposes, but during most of its history was used purely for recreation - mainly fishing. In 2017 authorities revealed plans to drain this lake permanently, as it was considered to be unsafe. This was carried out in the summer of 2018.
Limestone has been quarried in Monroe County since 1826.
A number of abandoned limestone quarries in the county are now cliff-surrounded lakes (as seen in the 1979 film Breaking Away), stable without ongoing human intervention.
National protected areas
Hoosier National Forest (part)
Natural wonders
Buckner Cave
Leonard Springs Nature Park, where the water of Sinking Creek reappears in springs
Communities
Cities
Bloomington
Towns
Ellettsville
Stinesville
Census-designated places
Harrodsburg
Smithville-Sanders
Unincorporated communities
Arlington
Broadview
Buenavista
Cascade
Chapel Hill
Clear Creek
Dolan
Eastern Heights
Elwren
Fairfax
Fleener
Forest Park Heights
Garden Acres
Handy
Highland Village
Hindustan
Hoosier Acres
Kirby
Kirksville
Knight Ridge
Lancaster Park
Leonard Springs
Marlin Hills
Modesto
Mount Tabor
New Unionville
Ridgemede
Sanders
Smithville
Stanford
Sunny Slopes
Unionville
Van Buren Park
Victor
Wayport
West Brook Downs
Woodbridge
Woodville Hills
Yellowstone
Former communities
Paynetown at - flooded by Lake Monroe
Townships
Bean Blossom
Benton
Bloomington
Clear Creek
Indian Creek
Perry
Polk
Richland
Salt Creek
Van Buren
Washington
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Bloomington have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Government and politics
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The fiscal body of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. There are four elected members representing districts and three members elected at-large. The council members serve staggered four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: A three-member board serving as the executive and legislative body of the county. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered four-year terms. The president of this board is the county's principal executive officer. The commissioners are charged with setting policy and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a unified circuit court with nine divisions and a court commissioner who handles civil cases. Judges must be members of the Indiana Bar Association; they are elected to six-year terms. Some court decisions can be appealed to the state level (appeals court, state supreme court).
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, assessor, and circuit court clerk. They are elected county-wide to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Monroe County is part of Indiana's 9th congressional district and is represented in Congress Republican Trey Hollingsworth. It is part of Indiana Senate districts 37, 40 and 44; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 46, 60 and 61.
Courthouse
The Monroe County Courthouse is the seat of government for Monroe County and is the traditional center of Bloomington. The third courthouse to stand on the Downtown Square, the current courthouse was built in 1907 during a time of great prosperity. Wing & Mahurin designed the building.
Politics
Monroe County traditionally leaned Republican. However, like many counties with large universities, it has trended strongly towards Democrats in recent years, voting for the Democratic nominee in 7 out of the last 8 presidential elections. In 2008, Barack Obama turned in the strongest showing for a Democrat since 1888. It has gone Democratic by large margins since then, and is now considered one of the few reliably Democratic counties in traditionally Republican Indiana. In recent years, only Marion County (Indianapolis) has been more Democratic.
Education
Monroe County Public Library operates branches at Bloomington and Ellettsville.
Monroe County is home to Indiana University Bloomington.
Transportation
Major highways
Indiana State Road 37
Indiana State Road 45
Indiana State Road 46
Indiana State Road 48
Indiana State Road 446
For many years Monroe County was one of the most populous counties in the USA which did not contain any US highways or Interstate highways. However, in December 2015 the I-69 extension was completed into the county and this distinction disappeared. The highway was further extended north into Morgan County in 2018.
Railways
Although Monroe County has a rich railway history, currently its only railway is the Indiana Rail Road, whose mainline crosses the county from the north-east to the south-west, with branches to a few industrial facilities. There is no passenger service.
Between 1854 and 2004, an important north–south line connecting the Ohio River with Lake Michigan crossed Monroe County as well, serving Stinesville, Elletsville, Bloomington, Smithville, and Harrodsburg. It was operated by the Monon Railroad throughout much of the 20th century, and later by CSX. The last passenger service operating on this line was Amtrak's Floridian Chicago-Miami service, during 1972–1979. With the termination of this service in 1979, Monroe County lost passenger railway service. CSX continued to use this line for freight for another quarter of a century, but in 2004, it stopped using this line. Large parts of it have since been converted to trails.
Air transport
Monroe County Airport, southwest of Bloomington. Scheduled passenger service to this airport was terminated ca. 1997, and since then the airport has been used by general aviation only.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 137,974 people, 54,864 households, and 27,315 families in the county. The population density was . There were 59,107 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.8% white, 5.2% Asian, 3.3% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 1.0% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 24.8% were German, 13.5% were Irish, 11.8% were English, and 8.1% were American.
Of the 54,864 households, 22.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.2% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 50.2% were non-families, and 32.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.86. The median age was 27.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $60,845. Males had a median income of $43,439 versus $33,547 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,882. About 10.6% of families and 25.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.1% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County, Indiana
References
External links
Monroe County Government
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
Bloomington metropolitan area, Indiana
Qin is a 2012 board game by Reiner Knizia. It is themed after the Qin dynasty in ancient China.
Rules
Qin is a game for two to four players. Players represent competing kingdoms, intent on conquering territory in China. The game is played on a rectangular grid. Each player receives a number of pagodas, which come in four different colours: black, white, green and purple. Each player is assigned one colour.
On his/her turn, each player places a tile consisting of two squares on the board. Squares come in three different colours: red, yellow and blue. The colours of the squares do not correspond to the colours of the players. Tiles must be placed connecting to tiles already on the board.
If a player forms a contiguous area of at least two squares of the same colour, the area becomes a county in the player's kingdom, and he/she places a pagoda there. Contiguous areas of at least five squares count as large counties, marked with a double pagoda.
The board also includes villages. These are neutral at first, but become affiliated with whatever county touches them, with the player placing an additional pagoda on the village.
If a player joins two counties of the same colour, they merge into a larger county, with the player having the absolute majority of squares in the county claiming it as his/her own. The opponents' pagodas are removed. A player can also conquer another player's village by surrounding it with counties with more pagodas than its previous owner. The first player to place his/her last pagoda on the board wins.
A digital adaptation was released for iOS devices in 2017.
External links
Qin at BoardGameGeek
Board games introduced in 2012
St Andrew's Church, Wolverhampton is a parish church in the Church of England in Wolverhampton
History
The foundation stone of St Andrew's was laid by Revd. J.H. Iles on 25 May 1865 and building started to the designs of local architect Edward Banks. It was to have enough room for 311 persons. The church was extended in 1870 with space for 700 seats and consecrated on 2 November 1870.
The church was added to in 1891 and 1892 by F.T. Beck. On 31 May 1964 it was destroyed by fire. Only two stained glass windows were unharmed in the fire.
The new church was designed by Richard Twentyman and construction started in 1965 and the church was opened in 1967. The west window was designed by John Piper and created by Patrick Reyntiens. The church cost £48,000 (equivalent to £ in ). Pevsner described the building as Blocky, of brick, and convincing.
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands (county)
Rebuilt churches in the United Kingdom
Churches completed in 1967
20th-century Church of England church buildings
Richard Twentyman
Lago District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique. The principal town is Metangula. Lago District is bordered to the west by Lake Nyasa, on the south by Lichinga, on the east by Sanga District. Lago shares its northern boundary with Tanzania.
Area: 6,438 km2.
Population: 55, 892 (1997 Census)
Population density: 8.7 people/km2 (1997)
Settlements
Lupilichi
Chicago
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Niassa Province
Time of My Life is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1995. The album peaked at number 4 on the RPM Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.
Track listing
"First Comes Love" – 3:12
"A Matter of Fact" – 2:42
"How Big a Room" – 3:27
"Time of My Life" – 3:25
"Mr. Hide" – 4:01
"What's Holding Me" – 3:38
"So Many Tears" – 3:38
"Here's Hoping" – 4:03
"Rodeo Man" – 3:45
"Colt Thunder" – 4:10
Chart performance
References
External links
[ Time of My Life] at Allmusic
1995 albums
George Fox albums
Albums produced by Bob Gaudio
Fish House Punch is a strong, rum-based punch containing rum, cognac, and peach brandy. The drink is typically served over an ice block in a punch bowl and garnished with lemon slices.
History
It is held to have been first concocted in 1732 at Philadelphia's fishing club, the State in Schuylkill, also known as the "Fish House".
A 1744 note by the secretary of an embassy of Virginia Commissioners contains what may be the earliest record of the punch. Meeting local notables at the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, he described being served "a Bowl of fine Lemon Punch big enough to have Swimmed half a dozen of young Geese."
America's first president, George Washington, indulged in thirteen toasts — one for each state — during a victory celebration at New York's Fraunces Tavern, and it is said that after he partook of Fish House punch at Philadelphia's State in Schuylkill, he couldn't bring himself to make an entry in his diary for the following three days.
The State in Schuylkill Fish House Punch is traditionally made in a large bowl that did double duty as a baptismal font for citizens' infants. "Its an ample space . . . . . would indeed admit of total immersion," one citizen noted.
The Fish House was a gentlemen's club devoted to cigars, whiskey, and the occasional fishing foray upon the Chesapeake or upon the Restigouche River in Canada. Another version states that it was created in 1848 by Shippen Willing of Philadelphia, to celebrate the momentous occasion of women being allowed into the premises of the "Fish House" for the first time in order to enliven the annual Christmas party. It was supposed to be just "something to please the ladies' palate but get them livelier than is their usual wont."
The punch, which contains rum, cognac, and peach brandy, is potent, so it is normally diluted with cold black tea, a common mixer for this particular punch, or with seltzer water. Some punch bowls may not be large enough to accommodate the large ice block called for, and though the block is a classic part of this recipe, it can, of course, be simply served in a pitcher over ice cubes.
Ingredients
1 cup () sugar
3½ cups () water
1½ cups () fresh lemon juice (6 to 8 lemons), strained
1 (750-ml) bottle Jamaican amber rum
cognac
peach brandy
Garnish: lemon slices
Preparation
Stir together sugar and 3½ cups water in a large bowl or pot until sugar is dissolved. Add lemon juice, rum, cognac, and brandy and chill, covered, at least 3 hours. Put half-gallon ice block in a punch bowl and pour punch over it.
See also
Ti' Punch, a rum-based mixed drink that is especially popular in French-speaking Caribbean states
References
External links
The New York Times: "HOW FISHHOUSE PUNCH IS MADE" (May 24, 1896)
The New York Times: "OLDEST DINING CLUB IN THE WORLD" (January 15, 1905)
Fish House Punch on Foodista
Cuisine of Philadelphia
Cocktails with rum
Cocktails with brandy
1732 establishments in the Thirteen Colonies
Historical foods in American cuisine
Dar Kola (, also Romanized as Dār Kolā; also known as Dārāb Kolā and Dārā Kolā) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 539, in 140 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Samoa competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016, sending two discus athletes, one male and one female. This was Samoa's fifth consecutive Paralympics, with their first Paralympics in 2000. Alefosio ‘Sio' Laki finished 12th, setting a new personal record. Maggie Aiono finished the Paralympics in 11th place. As of the conclusion of these Paralympics, Samoa has not won a Paralympic medal.
Background
Samoa's first Paralympic appearance was in 2000. The country has competed in every Summer Paralympics since then, and has never participated in a Winter Paralympics. As of these Paralympics, the country has never medalled.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Alefosio ‘Sio' Laki qualified to represent Samoa at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio in the discus. He started participating in discus three years prior. Laki is based in Australia, but both of his parents are from Samoa. His representation for Samoa came about because of a relationship developed with the Samoans by Athletics Australia. Laki has cerebral palsy, and went to Rio when he was a year 12 student at Hampton Park Secondary College. He prepared for the Paralympics by training for three hours per day at the track three times a week and the gym three times a week. Laki threw a personal best distance of 33.53 meters. He placed 12th in the competition out of the 12 participants.
Maggie Aiono received a wildcard spot to compete in the discus event. Her left foot was amputated after a car accident in 1994, and she uses a prosthetic. The Paralympic Committee also gave Aiono a new prothesis for walking and one specially for discus throwing. Aiono used to do shotput, but changed to discus a couple of months before the Paralympics. She received her new prosthetic leg just before arriving at Rio. Aiono was Samoa's flag bearer for these Paralympics. Aiono finished 11th out of 12 in the event, with a throw of 19.56 meters.
Men's field
Women's field
See also
Samoa at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Samoan sport
Belp Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Belp in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Ken Manchurek (born November 12, 1961) is a Canadian retired ice hockey left wing who was an All-American for Northeastern.
Career
Manchurek began attending Northeastern University in the fall of 1980 and posted decent numbers as a freshman. The following year Manchurek doubled his point production and helped the Huskies to their best season in history. The team finished 2nd in ECAC Hockey winning their division and posting the program's first 20-win season. NU won all three of their conference playoff games to win the first conference championship in program history. Northeastern received the top eastern seed for the NCAA Tournament and won a very close quarterfinal series over Bowling Green. Northern's run ended with a loss in the national semifinal but then won the consolation game to finish the tournament in 3rd place. In the six succeeding NCAA appearances for the Huskies, NU has yet to win another tournament game (as of 2021).
The miraculous run Northeastern had in 1982 couldn't be sustained and the team sank to 12th in the standings the following year. Manchurek, however, still put up good numbers and led the Huskies in scoring. He was named team captain for his senior season, again leading the club in scoring, and was named an All-American. Manchurek retired as a player once his four years of varsity play were up and he graduated the next year with a degree in business. he was inducted into the Northeastern Athletic hall of Fame in 2006.
Statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Northeastern Huskies men's ice hockey players
Sportspeople from Windsor, Ontario
The Jesse Carll,, was a 19th-century pilot boat, built in 1885 by Jesse Carll at Northport, New York, for George H. Sisco. She was one of the largest vessels ever built in the Sandy Hook service. She was named in honor of Jesse Carll, a well-known Northport shipbuilder. In 1896, in the age of steam, the Ezra Nye along with other pilot boats, were replaced with steamboats.
Construction and service
The New York schooner yacht Jesse Carll, was built at Northport, New York in 1885. She was launched on 17 August 1885 as a pilot boat, No. 10. She was named in honor of the shipbuilder, Jesse Carll. On her mainsail was the large letter "X", that identified the boat as the Jesse Carll, No. 10.
The Jesse Carll, was registered as a New York Pilot Schooner with the Record of American and Foreign Shipping, from 1886 to 1900. Her dimensions were 81 ft. in length; 23 ft. breadth of beam; 10 ft. depth (deep); 5 ft. draught; and 61-tons, making her the largest vessel in the Sandy Hook service. William H. Anderson was the ship master. She was owned by the Jesse Carll, Pilots George H. Sisco and D. H. Nicholl.
In the March Great Blizzard of 1888, pilot boat Jesse Carll, No, 10, was out on pilot duty after the storm. Her captain, Pilot W. H. Anderson spotted a wooden hatch of a pilot boat that sank during the blizzard.
In the summer of 1888, author and New York newspaper editor Charles Edward Russell talked about being on the pilot boat Edward F. Williams and racing with the pilot boat Jesse Carll, No, 10. When they saw a steam liner that needed a pilot, they raced to see which pilot boat could reach her first. The pilots from both boats took yawls and rowed them to the steamer to reach the steamer's ladder. As both yawls came to the ladder, pilot Moller from the Williams went up the side of the steamer first to salute the captain.
In 1889, Gideon L. Mapes was in charge of the pilot boat Jesse Carll, No. 10, when it was off Fire Island and got stuck on a sandbar at Zach's Inlet during a thunderstorm. Mapes and the ten men on board were taken ashore in life-saving boats. The Jesse Carll was later raised and repaired.
End of service
On 1 February 1896, the New York Pilots discarded sixteen sailboats and moved them to the Erie Basin in Brooklyn. They were replaced with steam pilot boats. The Jesse Carll, was sold for $5,500.
See also
List of Northeastern U. S. Pilot Boats
External links
Jesse Carll Northport's Master Shipbuilder
References
Individual sailing vessels
Schooners of the United States
Service vessels of the United States
1885 ships
Pilot boats
Ships built in New York (state)
Ladislav Pavlovič (8 April 1926 – 28 January 2013) was a Slovak football player. He played for Czechoslovakia national team in 14 matches and scored two goals.
He was a participant at the Euro 1960, where he played in five matches and scored a goal in a match against France.
Pavlovič played mostly for Tatran Prešov (1950-1953, 1956-1965/66: 150 goals) and also briefly for CH Bratislava (1954-1955: 14 goals), giving him a total of 164 league goals in 345 games.
References
External links
Ladislav Pavlovič family tree
ČMFS entry
1926 births
2013 deaths
Slovak footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
1960 European Nations' Cup players
Czechoslovakia international footballers
1. FC Tatran Prešov players
FK Inter Bratislava players
Sportspeople from Prešov
Association football forwards
Bruce Edward Davis (born February 25, 1963) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League who played for the Cleveland Browns. He played college football for the Baylor Bears.
References
1963 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football return specialists
Cleveland Browns players
Players of American football from Dallas
Baylor Bears football players
Luis Jiménez (born 4 June 1924) is a Mexican former sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1924 births
Possibly living people
Mexican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Mexico
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Sportspeople from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Shooters at the 1955 Pan American Games
20th-century Mexican people
is a 1960 Japanese Sun Tribe film directed by Koreyoshi Kurahara and starring Tamio Kawachi, Eiji Go, Yuko Chishiro and Noriko Matsumoto. It was produced and distributed by the Nikkatsu Company. The story concerns the young hoodlum Akira, his friends, their transgressions and specifically their revenge on the couple that got him sent to jail, a reporter and his fiancée. When the fiancée finds herself pregnant by Akira she enlists his help with her finance who has become distant since the attack.
Often compared by critics to Breathless (1960) and Rebel Without a Cause (1955), it is a stylistic departure from studio norms, driven by its jazz score and employing filmic techniques described as being as energetic and frantic as its characters. It achieved success in Japan and was followed by Black Sun (1964), featuring many of the same cast, crew and characters, with the addition of acclaimed drummer Max Roach to the soundtrack. Audubon Films released The Warped Ones in the United States in 1963 where it was marketed as a sexploitation film.
Plot
Criminal and jazz aficionado Akira (Tamio Kawachi) and his prostitute girlfriend Yuki (Yuko Chishiro) are arrested when they are spotted fleecing foreigners in a jazz club by a reporter named Kashiwagi (Hiroyuki Nagato). In jail, Akira meets Masaru (Eiji Go) and on their release they and Yuki resume criminal activities. They spot Kashiwagi and his artist fiancée, Fumiko (Noriko Matsumoto), hit him with a stolen car and kidnap her. They take her to a remote beach where Akira rapes her while Masaru and Yuki fornicate in the ocean.
Soon after, the three rent an apartment with money earned from fencing the stolen car. Masaru and Yuki commit to starting a family, while he joins a yakuza gang, to the derision of Akira. Fumiko tracks Akira down and informs him that she is pregnant. Kashiwagi has become distant and haughty and she pleads with Akira for help. Akira arranges for Yuki to seduce Kashiwagi so that the couple might again be on equal terms. Masaru is killed by a rival yakuza. Yuki discovers that she too is pregnant but without Masaru's support she resolves to get an abortion and resume her prostitution career. Akira and Yuki meet Kashiwagi and Fumiko by chance at an abortion clinic where Akira reveals that each woman was impregnated by the other man, to the amusement of the former couple and befuddlement of the latter.
Production
The Nikkatsu Company made three popular Sun Tribe films in 1956, a genre based on a contemporary youth subculture whose interests revolved around beach life, jazz music and their progressive attitudes towards sex. The films met with moral public outcries and a fourth production was shut down at the behest of Eirin (The Motion Picture Code of Ethics Committee). However, the genre later experienced a resurgence which included The Warped Ones. The film marked director Koreyoshi Kurahara's first collaboration with screenwriter Nobuo Yamada. They reused many elements of Kurahara's earlier Sun Tribe film The Time of Youth (1959), including abortion, a near fatality via an opened gas cock and a criminal act near water, an explosion beside a stream in the former and the rape on the beach in the latter.
Nikkatsu was promoting lead actor Tamio Kawachi as one of its Bad Boy Trio, along with Akira Kobayashi and Tadao Sawamoto. Kurahara asked him to think of his character as a "hungry lion roaring at the sun." He turned in what writer Mark Schilling described as his most unusual, and one of his best, performances of the period. Supporting actress Noriko Matsumoto came to the film as a relative unknown. Hiroyuki Nagato had starred in The Time of Youth. Eiji Go was the younger brother of future Diamond Line star Joe Shishido. The film was completed on August 18, 1960.
Style
As writer Mark Schilling put it, "the soundtrack drives the action," and composer Toshirō Mayuzumi's jazz score moves swiftly. Cinematographer Yoshi Mamiya and editor Akira Suzuki employed swish-pans, freeze frames and jump cuts, alternating between carefully composed shots and seemingly recklessly hand-held camera work. The titular youths of the film too move violently and speak in grunts, screams, whistles and sound effects, Akira frequently greeting women with, "Wanna get laid?" or Masura's scat, "At-tatatatatataaaaa!" They are portrayed as amoral, impulsive narcissists and hedonists, pickpocketing and stealing cars with equal nonchalance. Akira, described as possessing the "face-rubbing mannerisms of [Marlon] Brando and the tortured swagger of James Dean," varies between the sadistic and the indifferent—save when in a jazz-induced fervor—and reaches extremes largely unseen in the contemporaneous cinema of the West. The film's subject matter is sensationalistic and it contains much incident in its short run time. The overall style is matched to the characters' verve and the story's frantic pace.
While not portraying Akira sympathetically, the film does offer a socio-political view on the origins and inevitability of such criminal types in society. The tenements in which the youths reside are depicted as inhospitable and sterile. Lacking education, proper role models and moral codes, critic Bryan Hartzheim posited, crime and base pleasures are their most open recourse. They seem aware of the injustices in their environments and rail against society at large. However, Akira is illustrated as being capable of innocent pleasure, particularly in one fleeting scene in which he and his black friend Gil (Chico Rolands), whom he views as a fellow outcast, frolic in the ocean.
Reception
The Warped Ones was originally released in Japan by the Nikkatsu Company on September 3, 1960. The film was successful in Japan, although not so much so that Tamio Kawachi was ever elevated to major star status and after his "Bad Boy" period he was mainly relegated to second lead and supporting parts. In July 1961, Arthur Davis' newly formed, American, foreign film distribution company Kanji Pictures announced it had acquired ten Nikkatsu films for North and South American markets and parts of Europe. The films included The Warped Ones, Shohei Imamura's Pigs and Battleships (1961) and Kon Ichikawa's The Burmese Harp (1956) and were to be distributed by Kanji or sold to other distribution companies. An English-dubbed version of The Warped Ones was then released in the United States on December 18, 1963, by Radley Metzger's sexploitation-centric Audubon Films, initially as The Weird Lovemakers, then The Warped Ones became the more common title. It was marketed as an American film, and misleadingly implied to contain sexually explicit material, in order to appeal to a wider audience.
The original film resurfaced some four decades later at the 2005 Udine Far East Film Festival in the No Borders, No Limits: Nikkatsu Action Cinema retrospective. Mark Schilling curated the retrospective in order to expose international audiences to 1960s Nikkatsu Action films which, aside from the films of Seijun Suzuki, remained predominately unseen outside Japan. Schilling originally titled the film Season of Heat—a literal translation of the Japanese title—but it was retitled The Warped Ones for subsequent incarnations of the retrospective, which included runs in Austin and New York. It also appeared in a 12-film retrospective of Koreyoshi Kurahara's Nikkatsu films at the 2008 Tokyo Filmex International Film Festival in Japan. It was screened with English subtitles.
Critics have most often compared the film to landmark youth films Breathless (also 1960)—released in France five months earlier—directed by Jean-Luc Godard and Nicholas Ray's Rebel Without a Cause (1955), although, Bryan Hartzheim found it takes its youths more seriously and with less sympathy. He stated, "[The Warped Ones takes] a wrecking ball to what can be considered the indulgencies of the [youth film] genre, an exhibition of the horrors of uninhibited youth taken to its carnal extremes and matched by a visual accompaniment akin to the abstract and improvised style of a Miles Davis score." Tim Lucas of Video Watchdog magazine called the film "an important rediscovery on many fronts... one of the great jazz films, and possibly the best illustration the cinema has ever given us of the jazz buff. It's the only film I've ever seen that makes jazz seem scarier than the darkest heavy metal, that makes jazz seem dangerous." For TokyoScope: The Japanese Cult Film Companion, Alvin Lu commended the score as "stunning" and Kawachi's performance as "ferocious, the very incarnation of the kind of social chaos that could be engendered by too much exposure to jazz, Coke, and hot dogs." The Boston Globe'''s Wesley Morris wrote, "[Koreyoshi] Kurahara takes the movie to extremes of behavior and style, merging the two until the form seems as violently unstable as the characters. He makes a wave that in Europe was called 'French' and 'new.' But with all due respect to Jean-Luc Godard, this is breathless - and more interesting, too." Morris further qualified that while Breathless may appeal to contemporary viewers academically, The Warped Ones retains a spontaneous, documentary feel. Schilling discerned the film, "Among [Kurahara's] the boldest departures from studio convention."
Reviewer Peter Martin confided, "The Warped Ones baffled and mystified me, but I liked it very much." J.R. Jones, for The Reader's Guide to Arts & Entertainment, found the film "actually celebrates the values it's supposed to be condemning," but recommended it for its kineticism and action. TV Guide and Allmovie did not recommend it; both gave it one star in their respective four and five-star rating systems.
Legacy
The success of the film lead Koreyoshi Kurahara and Nobuo Yamada to write and direct a couple more original scripts, where Kurahara was primarily known for his adaptations of novels. This included the follow-up Black Sun (1964) which again featured Tamio Kawachi, who reprised his role from The Warped Ones, as did several of the other actors, and a lot of jazz music. In it, Kawachi's Akira shelters a black G.I., Gil, played by Chico Rolands, who goes A.W.O.L. after killing a white man in a bar fight. The film explores the two men's friendship and race relations. It was also the first reversal on rashamen-themed films, post-war, often American-Japanese co-productions focusing on friendships or romances between a Japanese and an American. Rashamen films were intended as to promote goodwill between the two nations but were generally less well received in Japan, seen as unrealistic or patronizing. Film historian Tadao Sato described Black Sun as the first film of this sort where Japanese pity Americans instead of the reverse as Akira's preconceptions of black Americans are undone. Mark Schilling characterized Kawachi as bringing an "explosive energy" to the film and Roland a "piping screech of fear and desperation." Acclaimed American jazz musician Max Roach contributed to the score.
Alvin Lu found The Warped Ones to be a prime example of the Sun Tribe genre and placed it among those films whose outlook made way for the Japanese pink film. In the film Tim Lucas noted antecedents and a possible influence to "the most hellbent characters" in the films of acclaimed director Quentin Tarantino's films and specifically to Stanley Kubrick's iconic A Clockwork Orange (1971). Lucas drew comparisons between The Warped Ones' main character Akira and A Clockwork Orange's Alex DeLarge, including their respective obsessions with hard jazz and the music of Ludwig van Beethoven, the former with a framed copy of Ornette Coleman's album The Shape of Jazz to Come next to his bed, the latter an engraving of Beethoven. Also, scenes of the former's verbal deconstructions by a group of art students versus the latter's by the government. Akira's attacks on abstract art and DeLarge's on pop art–lined homes. Finally, the character's regular hangouts, both painted with black walls, the former's adorned with portraits of jazz legends, the latter's with advertisements for "Vellocet" and "Drencrom"—the fictional drugs DeLarge and his gang used to invigorate themselves before their criminal acts. Lucas concluded, "Kubrick simply had to have seen it."
Two American music groups took their name from The Warped Ones' alternate sexploitation title, The Weird Lovemakers. The now defunct Tucson punk band The Weird Lovemakers assumed the name in 1994 and held it until their disbandment in 2000. The Oakland, California–based electropop band The Lovemakers planned to use the same name on their inception in 2002 but dropped the "Weird" upon their discovery of the former band having taken the name.
Home video
In North America, an abridged, dubbed, VHS version of the film is available from Something Weird Video under the moniker The Weird Lovemakers. In 2007, a DVD-R version was also made available. A DVD for The Warped Ones was released by the Criterion Collection, under their Eclipse brand, on August 23, 2011 as part of their "The Warped World of Koreyoshi Kurahara" compilation.
Soundtrack
On February 23, 2007, the Japanese label Think! Records reissued the soundtrack on Compact Disc as a part of its Cine Jazz series, which featured 1960s Nikkatsu Action film scores. It is part of a two disc set, the first contains music from Toshirō Mayuzumi's score for Black Sun (1964) and the second from his score for The Warped Ones. The first disc features American jazz musicians Max Roach on drums, Clifford Jordan on tenor saxophone, Ronnie Mathews on piano, Eddie Kahn on bass and vocals by Abbey Lincoln. The second disc features the Nikkatsu Jazz Group
Track listing
References
External links
The Warped Ones'' at the Japanese Movie Database
Criterion Collection Essay by Chuck Stephens
1960 films
Japanese black-and-white films
1960s Japanese-language films
1960 drama films
Films directed by Koreyoshi Kurahara
Nikkatsu films
Japanese drama films
1960s Japanese films
The World Group Play-offs were four ties which involved the losing nations of the World Group first round and the winning nations of the World Group II. Nations that won their play-off ties entered the 1999 World Group, while losing nations joined the 1999 World Group II.
Slovakia vs. Belgium
Russia vs. Germany
Croatia vs. Netherlands
Czech Republic vs. Italy
References
See also
Fed Cup structure
World Group Play-offs
The 2015–16 Maine Black Bears women's basketball team will represent the University of Maine in the America East Conference. The Black Bears are led by fifth year head coach Richard Barron and play their home games at the Cross Insurance Center. They finished the season 26–9, 15–1 in America East play to share the America East regular season title with Albany. They advanced to the championship game of the America East Women's Tournament where they lost to Albany. As champs of the America East Conference who failed to win their conference tournament, they received an automatic bid to the Women's National Invitation Tournament where they lost to Quinnipiac in the first round.
Media
All home games and conference road games will stream on either ESPN3 or AmericaEast.tv. Most road games will stream on the opponents website. All games will be broadcast on the radio on WGUY and online on the Maine Portal.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#000050; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#000050; color:#FFFFFF;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#000050; color:#FFFFFF;"| America East regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#000050; color:#FFFFFF;"| America East Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#000050; color:#FFFFFF;"| WNIT
See also
2015–16 Maine Black Bears men's basketball team
Maine Black Bears women's basketball
References
Maine
Maine Black Bears women's basketball seasons
2016 Women's National Invitation Tournament participants
Maine
Maine
Chebulagic acid is a benzopyran tannin and an antioxidant that has many potential uses in medicine.
It has been found to be immunosuppressive, hepatoprotective, and a potent alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, a human gut enzyme useful in diabetic studies.
It has been shown to be active against Staphylococcus aureus and Candida albicans.
It is found in the plants Terminalia chebula, T. citrina and T. catappa.
It is formed from geraniin through a glutathione-mediated conversion.
References
Phenol antioxidants
Ellagitannins
Red Lobster Hospitality LLC is an American casual dining restaurant chain headquartered in Orlando, Florida. The company has operations across most of the United States and Canada, as well as in China, Ecuador, Guam, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Puerto Rico, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates; as of June 23, 2020, the company had 719 locations worldwide. Golden Gate Capital became Red Lobster's parent company when it was acquired from Darden Restaurants on July 28, 2014. Seafood supplier Thai Union acquired a 25 percent stake in the company in 2016 for a reported $575 million, and in 2020 purchased the remaining portion from GGC.
On August 6, 2014, Red Lobster announced its new headquarters location in CNL Center City Commons in Orlando. On March 6, 2015, Red Lobster officially opened the Restaurant Support Center.
History
Formation and growth
The first Red Lobster restaurant was opened on January 18, 1968, in Lakeland, Florida, by entrepreneurs Bill Darden and Charley Woodsby. The oft-quoted date of March 1968 is based on the March 27, 1968 incorporation of Red Lobster Inns of America, Inc. (now GMRI, Inc.) in the Florida Secretary of State's Office.
Originally billed as a "Harbor for Seafood Lovers", the first restaurant was followed by four others throughout the American South. In 1970, General Mills acquired Red Lobster as a five-unit company. With new backing, the chain expanded rapidly in the 1980s.
Red Lobster entered Canada in the 1980s, in many cases by buying Ponderosa restaurant locations. Currently, Red Lobster generally maintains between 25 and 30 locations in Canada, the bulk in larger urban centres in Ontario (across southern Ontario plus one in Sudbury, in northern Ontario) with a smaller number in larger urban centres in all three Prairie provinces. It exited the Quebec market in September 1997, due to financial losses, and never attempted to enter British Columbia
On March 29, 1994, Bill Darden died, after an extended illness, at the age of 75.
In 1995, Red Lobster (along with Olive Garden and other sister chains), became part of Darden Restaurants, Inc. During that time, General Mills decided to release Darden into an independent, publicly traded corporation.
2009 prototype and sale
In 2009, Red Lobster debuted its new Bar Harbor restaurant prototype modeled after coastal New England architecture. The new exterior features include shingle and stone towers, signal flags, and Adirondack-style benches. The interior updates include dark wood paneling, warm-toned fabrics, soft lighting, and nautical decor and artwork.
On December 19, 2013, Darden Restaurants announced plans to sell or spin off the Red Lobster brand, citing pressure from stock investors. This was in direct response to Darden's going over budget on a new digital platform.
On May 12, 2014, Darden announced that as part of its spinoff of Red Lobster, it was converting the co-located Red Lobster and Olive Garden locations into standalone Olive Garden locations. On May 16, 2014, Darden announced it would be selling the Red Lobster seafood restaurant chain to Golden Gate Capital for US$2.1 billion. Darden announced the completion of the sale of Red Lobster on July 28, 2014.
On August 6, 2014, Red Lobster announced their new headquarters location in CNL Center City Commons in Orlando. On March 6, 2015, Red Lobster officially opened the Restaurant Support Center. Seafood supplier Thai Union acquired a 25 percent stake in the company in 2016 for a reported $575 million, and in 2020 purchased the remaining portion from GGC.
Promotions
Red Lobster has offered an endless snow crab leg promotion twice in its history (as of September 2003). However, in 2003, the promotion resulted in its parent company, Darden Restaurants', taking a $3 million charge to third-quarter earnings, resulting in president Edna Morris' departure from the company.
The ill-timed promotion was launched amid high wholesale crab leg prices. The chain also underestimated how many times a customer would order more. Further complicating matters at the restaurant level was the amount of time customers spent table-side in the restaurant cracking crab legs. This resulted in increased wait times in the lobby and overall diminished customer capacity per hour.
In February 2016, American singer Beyoncé referenced Red Lobster in her single "Formation". After unexpectedly releasing the single and performing it during the Super Bowl 50 halftime show, Red Lobster reported a 33% sales increase due to the reference.
Red Lobster introduced a new Daily Deals menu in 2020, featuring Endless Shrimp Mondays and more deals.
Menu
The brand specializes in seafood, including crab, fish, lobster, mollusks, and shrimp. It also serves chicken, desserts, pasta, and steak.
Lobster bisque controversy
In February 2016, Inside Edition reported that Red Lobster used a mix of less expensive langostino along with Maine lobster in their lobster bisque recipe.
Locations
As of June 23, 2020, the company had 719 locations worldwide. These locations span 44 US states, China, Canada, Ecuador, Guam, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates.
See also
List of casual dining restaurant chains
List of seafood restaurants
References
External links
Companies based in Orlando, Florida
Restaurants established in 1968
Restaurant chains in the United States
Seafood restaurants in the United States
American companies established in 1968
1968 establishments in Florida
2014 mergers and acquisitions
Private equity portfolio companies
Seafood restaurants
Comitas crenularoides is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Description
The length of the shell attains 24 mm (without embryonic whorls), its diameter 8 mm.
(Original description) The shell is moderately large and narrow-elongate. The spire is many-whorled and longer than the aperture and the siphonal canal. The whorls are nodulosely costate, with a rather well marked subsutural concavity. The sinus in this region is well-defined, moderately broad and deep. The siphonal canal is rather short and straight. The apical angle is about twenty-five degrees. The embryonic whorls of the holotype are unfortunately missing. The spire consists of about eight convex whorls with the greatest convexity about the middle of each whorl. The posterior third of each whorl is rather deeply concave immediately under the suture, which gives the appearance to this part of the shell of rather a strong overlap of the whorls, anterior two-thirds convex, most marked at the ribs. The aperture is oval, somewhat contracted posteriorly, and gradually drawn out anteriorly into a short, slightly curved and open siphonal canal, which is about the same length as the aperture. The outer lip is thin and slightly crenulated at the outer edge with a very distinct, broad and deep sinus just below the rather prominent subsutural band and situated in the concave posterior third. The sinus is about half as deep again as broad, thence the outer lip projects prominently forward, then gently arched to join the anterior canal. The columella is simple, slightly bent and tapering. The posterior whorls are ornamented with slightly oblique ribs, developed in the anterior two-thirds of the whorls and extending right up, though gradually fading, to the anterior suture, thus leaving the posterior third practically free from costulate elevations. On the anterior whorls the ribs fade sooner towards
the anterior suture, though strongly elevated and prominent medially, giving rise to the appearance rather of a medial band of nodules or tubercles than to fully developed ribs. The ribs or tubercles number about nine to a whorl. Spiral ornament consists of four or five strong spiral threads in the anterior two thirds of each whorl, while the body whorl shows about eight or nine, and one strong thread just adjacent to the posterior suture, making rather a prominent and characteristic subsutural band. On the posterior whorls the anterior group of threads is comparatively broad, with narrower grooves between, but anteriorly the grooves widen out till on the penultimate whorl the grooves or interspaces are broader than the threads, and become still more distinctly so on the body whorl. As the grooves widen out much finer spiral threads become visible in this space, the interspaces on the body whorl showing three of these finer intercalated threads. In the concave space between the subsutural band and the threads of the anterior portion of the whorl, which is occupied by the growth lines of the sinus, there are two or three
fine spiral threads, with still finer threads, just visible under a lens, on either side of them. The ribs and spiral ornament are both traversed by fine and close lines of growth, which by their marked sinuation and forward curvature clearly indicate the nature and position of the shell.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia. Fossils have been found in Eocene strata of Table Cape, Tasmania
References
External links
crenularoides
Gastropods described in 1896
Gastropods of Australia
John Robert Mize (January 7, 1913 – June 2, 1993), nicknamed "Big Jawn" and "The Big Cat", was an American professional baseball player, coach and scout. He played as a first baseman in Major League Baseball (MLB) for 15 seasons between 1936 and 1953, losing three seasons to military service during World War II. Mize was a ten-time All-Star who played for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Giants, and the New York Yankees. During his tenure with the Yankees, the team won five consecutive World Series.
Mize retired in 1953 with 359 career home runs and a .312 batting average along with 1,118 runs, 2,011 hits, 367 doubles, 83 triples, 1,337 RBI and 856 bases on balls. Defensively, he recorded a .992 fielding percentage as a first baseman. He served as a radio commentator, scout and coach in the major leagues after he retired as a player. He was selected for induction to the Baseball Hall of Fame by the Veterans Committee in 1981. In 2014, he was inducted into the St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Fame Museum.
Early life and career
Mize was born in Demorest, Georgia to Edward and Emma Mize. After his parents separated, his mother went to Atlanta for work, but Mize remained in Demorest with his grandmother. He excelled in tennis as a child and played on his high school baseball team. He later played baseball for Piedmont College. Mize was a distant cousin of Ty Cobb and his second cousin married Babe Ruth.
Mize came up through the St. Louis Cardinals minor league system but was traded to the Cincinnati Reds in 1934. However, he suffered a groin injury and the Reds nullified the trade. In 1935, while struggling with one bad leg, he injured the other leg. Mize retired from baseball and returned home until the Cardinals asked him to see a physician in St. Louis. He had surgery for bone spurs.
He was kept with the Cardinals in St. Louis after surgery, as he would not have been able to play regularly that season in the minor leagues anyway. The organization thought that he might get some opportunities to pinch hit with the major league team. Mize made his major league debut for the Cardinals in 1936. In 126 games, Mize hit for a .329 batting average, 19 home runs and 93 runs batted in (RBI). He later said, "I'm the only guy who played in the major leagues because I couldn't play in the minors."
Early MLB career
Mize was known as both "Big Jawn" and "The Big Cat" for his smooth fielding at first base. In 1937 he batted .364, but Cardinals teammate Joe Medwick took the title with a .374 average. He led the league in triples and OPS in 1938. In 1939, Mize finished second in the league's Most Valuable Player (MVP) voting after leading the league with a .349 average and 28 home runs. Mize's 43 home runs in 1940 set a Cardinals team record that stood for more than 60 years. At the end of the 1941 season, however, Cardinals general manager Branch Rickey, who believed in trading players before their skills began to decline, traded Mize to the New York Giants. In exchange for Mize, the Cardinals received Bill Lohrman, Johnny McCarthy, Ken O'Dea, and $50,000.
Mize was involved in a 1941 lawsuit against Gum Products Inc. The company manufactured a set of baseball cards called Double Play. Mize sued because he argued that the company did not have his consent to use his image in the card set. Gum Products Inc. won the lawsuit, but the company stopped producing its Double Play series because of the expenses it incurred during the legal proceedings with Mize.
The Giants pursued Mize after learning that their first baseman, Babe Young, was going to be forced into military service. In 1942, Mize hit for his lowest batting average to that point in his career (.305), but he hit 26 home runs and led the NL with 110 RBI.
Military service and later career
Mize spent 1943 through 1945 in military service during World War II. During his service he played for the Great Lakes Naval Station baseball team for service members and new personnel in training. Mize hit 17 home runs in 51 games and batted over .475 while manning first base for the Bluejackets. Other team members included: Phil Rizzuto who belonged to the Yankees; outfielders Sam Chapman, Dom DiMaggio and Barney McCosky; Frankie Pytlak; and Brooklyn shortstop Pee Wee Reese, and Johnny Lipon. The team was considered one of the best WWII era teams assembled.
Returning to the Giants in 1946, a broken toe caused him to fall one short of the home run title, won by Ralph Kiner of the Pittsburgh Pirates. In 1947 he rebounded to hit 51 home runs and tie Kiner for the league lead. He also led in runs and RBI, and became the only player to strike out fewer than fifty times while hitting fifty home runs. Mize's 1947 totals in runs, home runs and RBI were all career highs. In 1948, Mize and Kiner again tied for the league home run championship with 40 each. Mize was traded to the New York Yankees late in the 1949 season after expressing discontent with his playing time.
Mize spent the last five years of his career with the Yankees, mostly as a part-time player, ending in 1953. He was, however, considered a valuable contributor to their winning five consecutive American League pennants and World Series titles. Despite spending part of the 1950 season on minor league rehab, he hit 25 home runs to become the second player to have a 25-home run season in both leagues. In the 1952 World Series against the Brooklyn Dodgers, he hit three home runs, one as a pinch-hitter, and was robbed of a fourth by Dodger right fielder Carl Furillo, who made a leaping catch above the fence in the 11th inning to preserve a win for the Dodgers.
In October 1953, Mize announced his retirement. He said that he would rather retire while he was still popular with fans than to "hang around until they start to boo." Mize holds the major league record for the most times hitting three homers in one game, a feat he performed six times. He also was one of a handful of players (including Babe Ruth) to do it in both leagues — five times in the National League and once in the American. He was the first player to hit three home runs in a game twice in one season in 1938 and did it twice again in 1940. He finished his career with 359 home runs.
Mize still holds Cardinals team records for most home runs in a season by a left-handed batter, most season RBI by a left hander, and most games with three or more home runs. He and Carl Yastrzemski are the only players to have three seasons of hitting 40 or more home runs, without a season of hitting between 30 and 39 home runs.
Later life
After his 1953 retirement, Mize worked as a radio commentator, scout and a hitting coach for the New York / San Francisco Giants (1955–60). He coached the Kansas City Athletics in 1961.
In the 1970s, Mize made his home in St. Augustine, Florida, working for a development by the Deltona Corporation called St. Augustine Shores. A picture of his house is included in David Nolan's book The Houses of St. Augustine. He was chosen by the Veterans Committee of the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1981. He had appeared on the regular Hall of Fame ballot in the 1960s and 1970s, where his highest vote percentage had been 43% in 1971.
Mize spent the last few years of his life at his home in Demorest, Georgia. He underwent heart surgery in 1982 but returned to good health. He died in his sleep of cardiac arrest in 1993.
Legacy
Upon Mize's death, Ralph Kiner described him as "kind of irascible guy" on the field, but "a very affable guy and a great storyteller" off the field. Mize's batting statistics were overshadowed by those of bigger stars of his era such as Ted Williams, Joe DiMaggio, Stan Musial, and Jackie Robinson. Mize's lifetime on-base percentage of .397 has become more appreciated in the light of sabermetric analysis.
In 2013, the Bob Feller Act of Valor Award honored Mize as one of 37 Baseball Halls of Fame members for his service in the United States Navy during World War II.
In January 2014, the Cardinals announced Mize among 22 former players and personnel to be inducted into the St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Fame Museum for the inaugural class of 2014. The Johnny Mize Baseball Museum is located at Piedmont College. The college also honors the slugger with the Johnny Mize Athletic Center, a sports complex that houses the school's basketball arena.
See also
50 home run clubs
List of Major League Baseball career home run leaders
List of Major League Baseball career hits leaders
List of Major League Baseball career runs scored leaders
List of Major League Baseball career runs batted in leaders
List of Major League Baseball annual runs batted in leaders
List of Major League Baseball batting champions
List of Major League Baseball annual home run leaders
List of Major League Baseball annual runs scored leaders
List of Major League Baseball annual doubles leaders
List of Major League Baseball annual triples leaders
List of Major League Baseball players to hit for the cycle
Major League Baseball titles leaders
List of St. Louis Cardinals team records
References
Further reading
Honig, Donald (1975) Baseball When the Grass Was Real: Baseball from the Twenties to the Forties Told by the Men Who Played It. New York: Coward, McGann & Geoghegan. pp. 100–108. .
Home of Johnny Mize "The Big Cat" historical marker
External links
Johnny Mize official site
1913 births
1993 deaths
American League All-Stars
Baseball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Kansas City Athletics coaches
Major League Baseball first basemen
National Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
National League All-Stars
National League batting champions
National League home run champions
National League RBI champions
New York Giants (NL) players
New York Giants (NL) scouts
New York Yankees players
People from Habersham County, Georgia
St. Louis Cardinals players
San Francisco Giants scouts
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Dreikikir Rural LLG (sometimes spelled Drekikier Rural LLG) is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Tumam
02. Moihwak
03. Musungua
04. Taihunge
05. Mosinau
06. Prombil
07. Missim
08. Eimul/Pelnandu
09. Musindai
10. Bana
11. Hambini
12. Waringama
13. Selni
14. Aresili
15. Whaleng
16. Yawatong
17. Lainimguap
18. Krunguanam
19. Yakrumbok
20. King
21. Kofem
22. Sakap
23. Makumauip
24. Tong
25. Kumbun
26. Miringe
27. Yawerng
28. Yambes (Yambes language speakers)
29. Waim/Saiweep
30. Moseng
31. Pagilo
32. Luwaite
33. Selnau
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Dant is an unincorporated community in Marion County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office is closed.
References
Unincorporated communities in Marion County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Dmitri Shostakovich's String Quartet No. 8 in C minor, Op. 110, was written in three days (12–14 July 1960).
Composition and performances
The piece was written shortly after Shostakovich reluctantly joined the Communist Party. According to the score, it is dedicated "to the victims of fascism and the war"; his son Maxim interprets this as a reference to the victims of all totalitarianism, while his daughter Galina says that he dedicated it to himself, and that the published dedication was imposed by the Russian authorities. Shostakovich's friend, Lev Lebedinsky, said that Shostakovich thought of the work as his epitaph and that he planned to commit suicide around this time. Peter J. Rabinowitz has also pointed to covert references to Richard Strauss's Metamorphosen in the Eighth Quartet.
The work was written in Dresden, where Shostakovich was to write music for the film Five Days, Five Nights, a joint project by Soviet and East German filmmakers about the bombing of Dresden in World War II.
The quartet was premiered in 1960 in Leningrad by the Beethoven Quartet. In the liner notes of the Borodin Quartet's 1962 recording, music critic Erik Smith writes, "The Borodin Quartet played this work to the composer at his Moscow home, hoping for his criticisms. But Shostakovich, overwhelmed by this beautiful realisation of his most personal feelings, buried his head in his hands and wept. When they had finished playing, the four musicians quietly packed up their instruments and stole out of the room."
Music
The quartet, extremely compact and focused, is in five interconnected movements and lasts about 20 minutes:
The first movement opens with the DSCH motif – Shostakovich's musical signature. This slow, extremely sad theme can also be heard in his Cello Concerto No. 1, Symphony No. 10, Violin Concerto No. 1, Symphony No. 15, and Piano Sonata No. 2. The motif is used in every movement of this quartet, and is the basis of the faster theme of the third movement.
The work is filled with quotations of other pieces by Shostakovich: the first movement quotes his Symphony No. 1 and Symphony No. 5; the second movement uses a Jewish theme first used by Shostakovich in his Piano Trio No. 2; the third movement quotes the Cello Concerto No. 1; and the fourth movement quotes the 19th century revolutionary song "Tormented by Grievous Bondage" ( , by Grigori Machtet) and the aria "Seryozha, my love" from Shostakovich's opera Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District. The fifth contains a play upon another motif from Lady Macbeth.
Rudolf Barshai transcribed the quartet for string orchestra, in which version it is known as Chamber Symphony in C minor, Op. 110a. Boris Giltburg arranged the quartet for piano solo. Other arrangements include Lucas Drew's Sinfonia for string orchestra and Abram Stasevich's Sinfonietta for string orchestra and timpani.
In literature
This quartet is heavily referenced in William T. Vollmann's novel Europe Central, and a central part of that novel discusses its writing and the composer's life under the Soviet system.
In film
The fourth movement of the quartet is used extensively in The Lobster, a 2015 film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos.
Notes
References
Ardov, Michael (2004); Memories of Shostakovich; Short Books.
Fay, Laurel (1999); Shostakovich: A Life; Oxford University Press.
Shostakovich, Dmitry, ed. Glikman, Isaak (2001). Story of a Friendship: The Letters of Dmitry Shostakovich to Isaak Glikman. Cornell Univ Press. .
Yves Senden (2002); String Quartet No. 8 in c; Brilliant Classics 6898 [Rubio Quartet: "Shostakovich: Complete String Quartets"]
External links
Shostakovich: the string quartets
08
1960 compositions
Compositions in C minor
Articles containing video clips
Criminal intent refers to intention (criminal law), the subjective purpose or goal that must be proven along with criminal acts. It may also refer to:
Law & Order: Criminal Intent, American television series
Criminal Intents/Morning Star, a 2009 EP by Dope Stars Inc.
"Criminal Intent", a song by Robyn from the album Body Talk Pt. 2
Gang Related, a 1997 film also known as Criminal Intent
Comparini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anne-Marie Comparini (born 1947), French politician
Fernand Comparini (1896–?), French cyclist
Giovanni Battista Comparini (died 1616), Roman Catholic prelate, Bishop of Fondi (1591–1616)
The Otter Creek Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness area located in the Cheat-Potomac Ranger District of Monongahela National Forest in West Virginia, USA. The Wilderness sits in a bowl-shaped valley formed by Otter Creek, between McGowan Mountain and Shavers Mountain in Tucker and Randolph Counties. It is crossed by of hiking trails. Otter Creek Trail is the longest, at .
History
By 1914, almost all of the virgin forest in the Otter Creek watershed had been timbered, mostly by the Otter Creek Boom and Lumber Company, but also by the owners of several small farms and homesteads. In 1917 key land purchases were made by the U.S. Forest Service as part of the formation of the national forest system. The Otter Creek area was managed as a multiple use forest, including some second growth logging, until the passage of the Eastern Wilderness Act in 1975. The last private in-holding was acquired the same year.
2009 addition
The Omnibus Public Lands Management Act of 2009 added to the original of the Otter Creek Wilderness. This addition is situated on the northern and eastern flanks of McGowan Mountain leading down to Dry Fork. It provides much of the scenic view for this popular river which contains excellent whitewater paddling and trout fishing.
Ecology
The Shavers Mountain Spruce-Hemlock Stand, a red spruce-hemlock stand of old growth forest, is partly within the Otter Creek Wilderness.
References
Further reading
Otter Creek Wilderness at American Byways
IUCN Category Ib
Monongahela National Forest
Protected areas of Randolph County, West Virginia
Protected areas of Tucker County, West Virginia
Wilderness areas of West Virginia
"Sometimes" is a song recorded by Australian band Max Q. It was released in October 1989 as the band's second single from their debut self-titled album (1989).
Track listing
7"
"Sometimes" (Straight Rock mix) – 3:42
"Love Man" – 4:18
12"/CD Maxi
"Sometimes" (Straight Rock mix) – 3:42
"Sometimes" (Rock House extended mix) – 5:45
"Love Man" – 4:18
"Sometimes" (Dub mix) – 4:00
Charts
Release history
References
1989 songs
1989 singles
Max Q (Australian band) songs
CBS Records singles
Song recordings produced by Michael Hutchence
Song recordings produced by Ollie Olsen
Songs written by Ollie Olsen
Mahanad is a gram panchayat, or village, in Polba-Dadpur CD block in Chinsurah subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal
Geography
History
Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has found many historic artifacts dating from the Gupta Era in Mahanad. An ancient lord Shiva temple in Mahanad is called Jateswer Shiv Temple. Mahand has been the yogpeeth (yoga retreat) of Nath Yogis, for thousands of years.
Mahanad has an excavated site revealing a historic Kushan presence. The exploration conducted by ASI and Paresh Pal, a local antiquarian, have led to the discovery of coins of the Kushan and Gupta dynasties and terracotta, mostly of Gupta style.
Location
Mahanad is located at . It has an average elevation of 15 metres above sea level. Mahanad is located around 19 kilometers away from its district headquarters, Hugli-Chuchura. The nearest railway station is Pandua in the Howrah-Bardhaman main line around 7 km away.
Temples, churches and attractions
Mahanad Kali Temple also Called Brahmamoyee Kali Mandir (Established in 1830).
Jateswer Shiva Mandir
Education
Primary and secondary education
Spark School, (established in 2012) CBSE, English Medium School
Mahanad High School,(Established in 1963) Bengali Medium School
Ramkrishna High School, (Established in 1984) Bengali Medium School
Institute of Little Star, (English Medium School)
Shitala Prathamik Vidyalaya
Sima Prathamik Vidyalaya
Harmala Primary School
Ramakrishna Vidyapith
Festivals
Kali Puja and Maha Shivaratri are festivals celebrated in Mahanad. Lakshmi Puja and Saraswati Puja are widely celebrated at Mahanad as well. Shivratri Mela (fair) is the biggest fair observed at Mahanad each year, during the Maha Shivaratri festival.
Economy
Alpine Distilleries
Matribhumi Rice Mills LlP
Matri Mandir Himghar (P) Ltd
Banks: At Mahanad, there are branches of banks such as Central Bank Of India (Mahanadnagarpara Branch),Central Bank Of India (Ramnathpur Branch), Bandhan Bank (Mahanad), Ujjivan Small Finance Bank .
Mahanad picture gallery
Mahanad kali bari
References
Villages in Hooghly district
The Mihrawan derailment occurred on 31 May 2012, when seven coaches of the Dehradun bound Doon Express derailed near Mihrawan in the Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh, India. The accident took place at 1.13 PM killing four and injuring fifty more instantly. Reacting to the incident, Railway Ministry spokesman Anil Saxena told the press that "While four of the coaches got tilted, three of them derailed. So the coaches which are affected are the 11th onwards from the engine, up to the 17th coach". The region, where accident took place, does not have good road connectivity. Relief and rescue teams had to rush to the spot from Varanasi and Lucknow. On the possible cause for the accident, Railway Board member AP Mishra said that exact cause has to be ascertained. It could have been "due to excessive heat causing track expansion or some miscreant activity", he said, adding that the railway track could be cleared by the next morning. The train was heading towards Varanasi at the time of its derailment.
Overview
Crash
On the evening after the crash, more detailed reports from various news agencies suggested that at least seven persons were killed and 24 others were injured in the accident. Reports said that the death and injury toll from the mishap could rise. According to the officials in Jaunpur district administration, seven coaches, which included seven sleepers and two general, had derailed. The officials said that the driver of the Doon Express had seen some distortion in the railway track and as a result, applied the brakes. Ten coaches along with the engine safely passed through the damaged track. However, seven coaches at the rear got derailed. The place where the accident took place is 35 km from Jaunpur railway station and 70 km from Varanasi. Officers of the district administration along with ambulances and medical care reached the spot in half an hour. Senior officials including the divisional railway manager from Lucknow also rushed to the spot. The railways dispatched three relief trains from Lucknow, Faizabad and Varanasi to the accident site in order to rescue stranded passengers and take them to either Lucknow or Varanasi. While around 200 passengers were rescued by the local villagers before arrival of the officials, over 500 were said to be still trapped in the damaged coaches.
Probing
Reacting to the incident, Union Railway Minister Mukul Roy has said that sabotage cannot be ruled out of the list of probabilities. Earlier, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee also demanded a probe into the incident pointing that it happened on a day when a nationwide bandh had been enforced by NDA and Left parties. "Since the accident has taken place during a country-wide bandh we want this to be probed. Who has caused this mishap? It has to be seen whether this is truly an accident or an incident", said Ms Banerjee who was Railways Minister herself till she was elected chief minister in 2011. Railways Minister Mukul Roy left for the accident site while he ordered a high-level probe into the accident. "I have ordered a high-level inquiry to find out why such repeated accidents are happening. We will take serious steps to prevent such accidents", he said. The minister also announced compensation of Rs.5 lakh for the families of each of those killed; Rs. 1 lakh for those injured and Rs. 25,000 for those who have sustained minor injuries. Eyewitnesses and villagers, who reached the accident site, said a loud sound was heard after the derailment, suggesting that the train was in high speed when the accident occurred. Of the five sleeper coaches that tilted, two were derailed. While villagers reached the site immediately after the accident to begin rescue operation, the district administration and railways could start the operation only after an hour.
Recovery
Prima facie ruling out that the derailment of Doon Express was the handiwork of anti-social elements, the Railway Minister, Mr Mukul Roy, that night, said an inquiry into the incident would be conducted by the Commissioner of Railway Safety and stern action would be taken against the guilty. Mr Roy visited the district hospital in the wee hours and inquired about the well-being of the passengers injured in the accident. He said that expenses for the treatment of those seriously injured would be borne by the Railway Ministry. Finally, on 2 June, the movement of trains between Lucknow and Varanasi has been restored. More than 20 trains were either diverted, short-terminated or cancelled for two days, after the route got blocked due to derailment.
References
Derailments in India
Jaunpur district
2012 disasters in India
Railway accidents in 2012
History of Uttar Pradesh (1947–present)
Railway accidents and incidents in Uttar Pradesh
"She's the One" is a song by Australian pub rock band The Cockroaches. It was released in January 1987 as the second single from the band's self-titled debut studio album. The song peaked at number 7 in Australian Kent Music Report singles chart.
Track listing
7" single (K 212)'
Side A "She's the One"
Side B "Can in the Hand"
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1987 singles
1987 songs
Mushroom Records singles
The Cockroaches songs
The Charles F. Ranzow and Sons Building is a historic building located on Lot 1, Block 18 of the original town of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It is part of the West Third Street Historic District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2000.
History
Charles F. Ranzow owned the site by 1864 when he built a building on the site. The Sanborn Fire Insurance maps of 1886, 1892 and 1910 suggest the western two-thirds of the building was constructed by 1886 and the eastern third of the building was built between 1892 and 1910. The Ranzow Paint Company occupied the site for over 100 years. Wallpaper, paints, and oils were sold in the western section, and the eastern part functioned as a sash and door warehouse. The building currently houses the River Cities' Reader and AdMospheres, an advertising agency.
Architecture
The building is a two-story free standing brick structure with a brick foundation. It features an overhanging bracketed metal cornice and a centralized broken pediment above. The windows on the second floor have stone lintels with keystones. The two original storefronts are indicated by iron columns. Access to the second floor is located between the two storefronts. The different coloration of the brick on the main façade of the building differentiates the two sections of the building.
References
Historic district contributing properties in Iowa
Commercial architecture in Iowa
Buildings and structures in Davenport, Iowa
Davenport Register of Historic Properties
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport, Iowa
Strombus is the peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Conquiliologistas do Brasil (Conchologists of Brazil), covering research in malacology.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed by Aquatic Sciences and Fisheries Abstracts, ProQuest, Qualis CAPES, SCOPUS, The Zoological Record, Ulrich's Periodical Directory, CiteFactor and OAJI.
References
External links
Malacology journals
Publications established in 1998
English-language journals
Biannual journals
Gwizdów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Modliborzyce, west of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 1999 to August 2000. All times are Eastern or Pacific. Affiliates will fill non-network schedule with local, syndicated, or paid programming. Affiliates also have the option to preempt or delay network programming at their discretion.
Legend
Schedule
By network
ABC
Returning series
ABC World News Now
Nightline
Politically Incorrect with Bill Maher
CBS
Returning series
Late Night with David Letterman
The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn
Up to the Minute
Not returning from 1998-99:
The Late Late Show with Tom Snyder
Fox
Returning series
MADtv
NBC
Returning series
Friday Night
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Later
Saturday Night Live
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
United States late night network television schedules
1999 in American television
2000 in American television
Lucicutiidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera:
Lucicutia Giesbrecht, 1898
References
Copepods
Brian David Baldinger (born January 7, 1959) is a former professional American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, Indianapolis Colts and Philadelphia Eagles. He covered Philadelphia Eagles preseason games as an analyst with Scott Graham for several years. He currently works for NFL Network, where he serves as an analyst for the television show NFL Total Access. He played college football at Duke University.
Early years
Baldinger was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Always big, strong, and athletic for his age, Baldinger spent much of his youth playing a variety of sports in and around Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
His family later moved to Apple Valley, Minnesota, then Massapequa, New York where he and his brothers became well known locally as they continued to excel in sports. Brian practiced football, basketball and track at Massapequa High School, where his graduating class included Jessica Hahn, Brian Setzer, and Tim Van Patten.
College career
After high school, he initially enrolled at the Naval Academy, but later decided to transfer to Nassau Community College, where he became an All-Coastal Conference tight end and also practiced basketball.
In 1979, he transferred to Duke University, where he was converted into a guard because of his blocking ability. As a senior, he was voted the team's most improved player and started all 11 games.
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Baldinger was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys after the 1982 NFL Draft on April 30. As a rookie, he appeared in 4 out of 9 games, playing mostly on special teams. In 1983, he saw playing time as a backup at center and guard.
In 1984, he started two games at right tackle replacing an injured Phil Pozderac and also started 2 games at right guard in place of an injured Kurt Petersen. In 1985, he injured his right knee in the third preseason game against the Chicago Bears and was placed on the injured reserve list.
In 1986, he was a backup at center and also played as a third tight end in short-yardage situations. On September 2, 1987, he was placed on the injured reserve list with a left knee injury he suffered in a preseason game. On October 24, he was activated to the regular season roster. He was declared inactive in 6 of the final 8 games.
Baldinger wasn't re-signed after the season. During his time with the Cowboys, he played every offensive line position and also had a few snaps at tight end.
Indianapolis Colts
On July 19, 1988, he was signed as a free agent by the Indianapolis Colts, to provide depth in the case of a lengthy contract holdout by guard Ron Solt. He was the lightest member of the offensive line. He appeared in 16 games, starting three contests at right tackle. He caught his first career pass (37 yards) from a tackle-eligible position against the Green Bay Packers.
In 1989, he appeared in all 16 games. He started the season opener at right tackle in place of Kevin Call and started 2 games at left tackle in place of an injured Chris Hinton. He also was used as tackle-eligible in short yardage situations.
In 1990, he was named the starter at right guard for the first 8 games. In the second half of the season, he was moved to replace right tackle Call, who injured his left shoulder in the eighth game against the New York Giants.
In 1991, he started 13 games at center in place of Ray Donaldson, who was lost for the season with a broken leg he suffered against the Los Angeles Raiders.
Buffalo Bills
On April 2, 1992, he was signed in Plan B free agency by the Buffalo Bills, joining his brother Gary Baldinger. He was released on August 31.
Philadelphia Eagles
On September 28, 1992, he was signed as a free agent by the Philadelphia Eagles to replace an injured John Hudson. In 1993, he started 4 games at right guard in place of an injured Eric Floyd. On June 4, 1994, he was released in a salary cap move, along with 11 other veterans.
Broadcasting career
Baldinger began his broadcasting career as a color analyst at Bucknell University in 1995, then moved to Fox in 1997, providing analysis for NFL Europe games. The network was impressed with his soothing voice and handy repertoire of clichés, and promoted him to a color commentary slot for NFL games. Baldinger worked alongside play-by-play voices Ray Bentley, Curt Menefee, Joe Buck, Pat Summerall, Kenny Albert, and Dick Stockton.
In May 2009, it was reported that Baldinger would be replaced by former NFL safety John Lynch on Fox's telecasts. Shortly thereafter, Baldinger was hired by Compass Media Networks to serve as lead analyst for their national radio broadcasts of select Sunday afternoon NFL games.
Baldinger also co-hosts a talk show for Sporting News Radio during football season, and teaches seminars for Nadia Communications. He is the author of the book The Map to Clear Messages. Baldinger has previously co-hosted various radio shows, and now is a frequent contributor for a sports-talk radio show for Philadelphia's "97.5 The Fanatic" sports station, an ESPN Affiliate, as well as Sky Sports.
Personal life
A resident of Marlton, New Jersey, he has two younger brothers, Rich and Gary, who also played in the National Football League. He has a slightly mutilated right pinky finger that was injured when it became entangled in the jersey of Randy White.
References
1959 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
American football offensive tackles
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
People from Cherry Hill, New Jersey
People from Evesham Township, New Jersey
Sportspeople from the Delaware Valley
People from Apple Valley, Minnesota
People from Massapequa, New York
American sports radio personalities
Nassau Lions football players
Duke Blue Devils football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Indianapolis Colts players
Philadelphia Eagles players
National Football League announcers
NFL Europe broadcasters
College football announcers
Philadelphia Eagles announcers
Atlanta Falcons announcers
Nassau Community College alumni
Massapequa High School alumni
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Tropical Important Plant Areas (TIPAs) is a programme established by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew in 2015 in collaboration with Plantlife International, to provide a framework to identify sites important for preserving plant diversity in tropical countries. The programme is based on the Important Plant Areas (IPAs) framework set up by Plantlife International. The IPA criteria were modified to take into account the high plant richness, the limited availability of data and the higher dependence on socio-economically important yet native plants for livelihoods in the tropics. The framework acknowledges the practical problems of gathering plant and habitat data in many regions of the world, and it recognises the important role of peer reviewed expert opinion in the selection process.
TIPAs can be identified based on a range of organism groups within the plant and fungal kingdoms, including algae, fungi, lichens, liverworts, mosses, and wild vascular plants.
The TIPAs programme focuses on critical sites for wild plant populations. It aims to identify areas important for the conservation of threatened plants and/or habitats and areas with exceptional plant richness, and to raise awareness of the importance of plant life in tropical countries, encouraging long term conservation of these areas. TIPA sites are selected based on three criteria:
A. Presence of threatened plant species: the site holds significant populations of one or more species that are of global or regional conservation concern.
B. Presence of high botanical richness: the site has an exceptionally rich flora in relation to a particular vegetation type, and/ or contains an exceptional number of species of conservation importance and/or an exceptional number of socially, economically or culturally valuable plant species.
C. Presence of threatened habitats: the site is an outstanding example of a habitat or vegetation type of global, regional or national conservation and botanical importance.
TIPAs are designed to aid national plant and habitat conservation planning through a practical and pragmatic approach. A TIPA is not a legal designation and can be an unprotected site or a site wholly or partially within an existing protected area. TIPAs do not consider land ownership regime and can be of varying size.
The first phase of the Kew TIPA programme runs from 2015-2020 and involves partnerships in seven tropical countries: Bolivia, Cameroon, Guinea, Mozambique, Indonesian New Guinea, Uganda, and the British Virgin Islands.
Bolivia
The Bolivian TIPA programme is a collaboration between the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, the Museo História Natural Noel Kempff Mercado (MHNNKM) and Fundación Amigos de la Naturaleza (FAN), both in Santa Cruz. The programme was launched in 2016 with funds from the Eva-Langley Metcalf Trust, and has since received funding from the Darwin Initiative and William Cadbury Trust to support the implementation of the TIPA sites and building sustainable livelihoods in local communities. The Chiquitania dry forest and savanna ecoregion, located in the eastern lowlands of the department of Santa Cruz, was initially selected as the project focus due to the rapidly increasing rate of forest destruction. The partnerships involve 1) joint field expeditions, global IUCN Red List assessments of 200 Chiquitania endemic plant species; 2) building Bolivian capacity in seed banking and IUCN Red List assessment and TIPA methodology; and 3) TIPA site assessments which are underway to be completed in 2020 in 20 potential sites, including the Serranía de Chiquitos, inselberg archipelago of Lomerío, San Matias AMNI and the Noel Kempff Mercado National Park.
Cameroon
The Cameroon TIPA programme builds on a partnership of nearly 30 years with the National Herbarium of Cameroon at the Institute of Research in Agronomic Development (IRAD) and the University of Yaoundé. From the early 1990s onwards, numerous expeditions have been undertaken to botanically diverse areas including the Cameroon Highlands. Seven conservation checklists for plants of different areas have been produced to date (the first for Mount Cameroon in 1998) resulting in three new protected areas for plants being recognised by the Government of Cameroon. A Red Data Book of Plants, recognising 815 globally threatened plant species for Cameroon, the first such publication for a tropical African country. The Cameroon TIPA project will work to ensure the long-term survival and sustainable use of Cameroon's endemic, threatened and socio-economically important plant species through national and community engagement and support for protection.
Guinea
Guinea TIPAs launched in 2016 with funding from the Darwin Initiative. This is a collaboration between the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew, National Herbarium of Guinea[13], the Guinean Government and NGO Guinée Ecologie. Through this partnership, 22 Tropical Important Plant Areas have been documented and published, over 200 IUCN Red List assessments have been compiled and a Preliminary List of over 270 threatened plant species has been published, including 74 endemic species. The Government of Guinea has given their support to include the 22 TIPAs into the National Parks and Reserves network and legislation, some of which are likely to become National Parks e.g. Kounounkan Massif and the Moyen Bafing proposed National Park. The programme partners are now advising the Government of Guinea on the formal protection and management of these sites.
Mozambique
The Mozambique TIPAs programme launched in 2017 through a collaboration between Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, Mozambique's Agricultural Research Institute (IIAM) and Eduardo Mondlane University. Key outputs to date include a published list of Mozambique's endemic plants and IUCN Red Listassessments for over 300 of these priority plant species. Mozambique's Important Plant Area assessments are underway, including critical sites such as the Chimanimani Mountains and Lowlands, Mount Namuli and the Ribaue Massif.
Indonesian New Guinea
The tropical island of New Guinea has a relatively large amount of intact habitats remaining and has been designated as one of the three remaining tropical wilderness areas by Conservation International. The Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew has a long partnership with in-country partners, Universitas Papua; together they will identify TIPAs in Indonesian New Guinea with an emphasis on the Bird's Head peninsula (the Vogelkop) in West Papua Province. This project will include training in identification, Red Listing, seed banking and aims to produce a database of plant specimens from the islands and guides for identification.
The British Virgin Islands
The Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, the National Parks Trust of the Virgin Islands (NPTVI) and the Government of the Virgin Islands Ministry of Natural Resources, Labour and Immigration joined forces in a collaborative project (2017-2019) in the British Virgin Islands (BVI) to map and assess threatened plants, identify and map TIPAs and engage the community through workshops, interpretation panels and a field guide on the important plants of the BVI. The British Virgin Islands was the first country to have its TIPAs network identified in April 2018 with a total of 18 TIPAs across 13 islands of the archipelago. Data on the BVI threatened plant species and habitats generated during the TIPAs process is helping to inform environmental policy and species management in the BVI.
References
Nature conservation in Bolivia
Nature conservation in Cameroon
Nature conservation in Guinea
Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew
Radio Kansas is a network of public radio stations serving central Kansas. The network is based at Hutchinson Community College in Hutchinson. It comprises flagship KHCC-FM (90.1 FM in Hutchinson, also serving Wichita) and two full-time satellites, KHCD (89.5 FM) in Salina and KHCT (90.9 FM) in Great Bend. The three stations air a mix of classical music and American Public Media programming including BBC news.
History
The flagship station, KHCC, was licensed July 14, 1972 and first signed on air September 11, 1972 as an 80-watt student station operated by what was then Hutchinson Junior Community College. In 1978, HJCC hired its first professional station manager, David Horning, as part of an effort to upgrade the station to an NPR member. On July 1, 1979, KHCC increased power to a full 100,000 watts and joined NPR, becoming Kansas' third full NPR member. This also made Wichita one of the smallest markets with two competing NPR member stations. KHCC brought NPR programming to several Wichita suburbs who, at the time, got only a marginal signal from the market's other NPR member, KMUW; that station would not upgrade to full power until 1987.
KHCD was added on January 28, 1988, followed by KHCT on August 3, 1992. More or less out of necessity, when KHCT signed on, KHCC rebranded itself as "Radio Kansas." Radio Kansas now serves a broadcast area with over one million, with a combined footprint covering most of the densely populated area of central Kansas.
Radio Kansas began broadcasting in the HD Radio format in 2006, one of the first NPR members to do so. In 2012, it signed on three additional HD streams on all three stations. HD2 ("New Grass Valley") is a full-time folk and bluegrass station, HD3 airs contemporary instrumental music ("The Breeze") and HD4 airs jazz ("Radio Kansas Jazz").
References
External links
Official website
KHCC-FM
NPR member networks
Valentin Vasile Badea (born 23 October 1982 in Alexandria) is a Romanian former football player. He played as a striker. His last contract was with Liga II team UTA Arad.
Club career
On 2001 Jiul bought Badea for €1,000 from Rulmentul Alexandria.
Prior to 2006, when Badea joined Steaua București, he also played for Rulmentul Alexandria, Jiul Petroşani and FC Vaslui.
He was discovered by Ioan Sdrobiş while he was playing for Rulmentul Alexandria in Romania's third division and where Badea was the team's top goalscorer. Sdrobiş then brought him to Jiul Petroşani, and then to FC Vaslui where he was the coach.
In 2006 Steaua paid €1,000,000 for Badea.
On 23 August 2006 he has scored two goals in the match against Standard Liège, in the third qualifying round of UEFA Champions League, goals which sent Steaua București into the group stage after ten years of absence.
On 20 December 2009, he was released from FC Universitatea Craiova.
On 24 February 2010, he signed with Al Ain.
Statistics
Titles
Trivia
Steaua's Gigi Becali was quoted by the press as saying that Badea will once become the Romanian top striker.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Alexandria, Romania
Romanian footballers
Association football forwards
CSM Jiul Petroșani players
FC Steaua București players
FC Steaua II București players
FC Vaslui players
Panserraikos F.C. players
FC U Craiova 1948 players
FC Brașov (1936) players
FC Politehnica Iași (1945) players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
FCV Farul Constanța players
FC UTA Arad players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Ruda-Opalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Sayyed Ahmed Abdel-Maqssuod (سيد أحمد عبدالمقصود) was arrested in September 1998 in the United Kingdom, and accused of membership in al-Jihad.
He was arrested as part of Operation Challenge, which arrested seven men living in Britain through use of the Prevention of Terrorism Act 1989, accusing them of links to al-Jihad. One of the men was charged with possession of a weapon. Six months after the arrests, British Muslims staged a demonstration in front of 10 Downing Street to protest the continued incarceration of the seven men.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Canton of Maure-de-Bretagne is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the southwest of the department. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 9 communes, and its population was 8,634 in 2012.
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Portrait of Winckelmann is a 1764 painting by Angelica Kauffmann. It was produced in Rome and shows the notable archaeologist and art historian Johann Joachim Winckelmann reading from a book, which is resting on a bas-relief showing the Three Graces. It is signed at the lower right by the artist and is now in the Kunsthaus Zürich.
Bibliography
Bettina Baumgärtel, Angelika Kauffmann, Ostfildern, Hatje, 1998,
Tobias G. Natter, Angelica Kauffmann, Hatje Cantz, Ostfildern, 2007,
Winckelmann
1764 paintings
Paintings by Angelica Kauffman
Lillo is a small farming town in Spain, 94 km south of the capital Madrid.
The town has a population of 1000. Currently only low grade accommodations (pensions) are available. Rated accommodation is available in the nearest town (Villacanas) 15 km away.
One main feature of the town other than its agricultural aspects is the Airport located on the edge of the surban area of the town.
The airport is home to Skydive Lillo, a skydiving centre and up until the present day attracts skydivers from all over the world. The airport also houses a gliding club and small flight school.
The town centre consists of a church and central plaza with water fountain, with all surban areas emminating from this point.
The town hosts a vegetable and sweet market every Monday morning which is the major social focal point for the residents who preside there once a week.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Toledo
Karoline Fuarose Park-Tamati (born 7 November 1982), known professionally as Ladi6, is a New Zealand recording artist of Samoan descent. She spent six months living in Berlin and touring Europe in both 2010 and 2011. Her debut album Time Is Not Much debuted at number 4 on the New Zealand Top 40 Album chart. and her second album The Liberation Of... debuted at number 6 and was certified gold. Her single "Like Water" was certified platinum in June 2011. She has won many awards, including Best Female Solo Artist and Best Urban Hip Hop Album at the 2011 New Zealand Music Awards and Best Urban/Hip Hop Album at the 2009 New Zealand Music Awards. The current line-up of the wider Ladi6 group is Ladi6, her partner Parks (a.k.a. Brent Park) and Julien Dyne. Ladi6 has been called "New Zealand's answer to Erykah Badu".
Ladi6 is a spokesperson for the Not Our Future anti-smoking campaign. In the 2021 Queen's Birthday Honours, she was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to music.
Early life, Sheelahroc and Verse Two
Ladi6 was born in Christchurch on 7 November 1982, and raised in that city. Her family moved to Africa for a year and a half when she was a teenager, which is where she says she first started to write and play music. After she returned to Christchurch in the mid-1990s, she started her entertainment career as a break dancer. When she was 16 she formed her first music group, Sheelahroc, with her cousin Tyra Hammond and Sarah Tamaira (a.k.a. Voodoo Child) in May 1999. Sheelahroc released the hit single "If I Gave U Th' Mic" and won the award for Most Promising New Act at the 2001 bNet Music Awards.
After Sheelahroc broke up, Ladi6 went on to form Verse Two with Parks, Julien Dyne, Markus Vanilau, Elia Gaitau, Vanessa Mcgowan, Dj 4130 and Matipi Turua, as well as a variety of guest musicians. They released the singles "Danger" and "Gold" (featuring her cousin Scribe and produced by Mu of Fat Freddy's Drop). "Gold" went to Number 1 on the NZ Alternative charts in its first week of play on the bNet stations and was the 5th most played song on the bNet stations in 2003. "Danger" was re-issued as a bonus track on Time Is Not Much. Ladi6 was nominated for Best Vocalist/MC at the 2003 bNet Awards and Verse 2 won a bNet Award for Best New Act in 2003. Verse Two supported international acts such as The Roots, De La Soul and 50 Cent.
The current line-up of the wider Ladi6 group is Ladi6, her partner Parks (a.k.a. Brent Park), Julien Dyne and keyboardist Brandon Haru. Also an important and vital member of the group is Steve Roberts their sound technician. Ladi6 has been called "New Zealand's answer to Erykah Badu".
Ladi6 has been an advocate for many health campaigns and has helped to profile certain issues through speaking out on social media.
She appeared on Songs From the Inside in 2015 alongside Troy Kingi, MC Scribe and Anika Moa. Mentoring incarcerated women in Christchurch women's prison in songwriting.
Also on December 2014 saw the release of Oscar Kightley's compelling documentary ‘Ladi6 – Return to Africa,' which follows Ladi6 on a journey of musical rediscovery to where it all began for her, revisiting the times and places where she was inspired 16 years ago to become a musician. The documentary captures an epic adventure for Ladi6, her partner and producer Parks, and their son.
Time Is Not Much
Ladi6's debut album Time Is Not Much was released independently in New Zealand in November 2008 and debuted at number 4 on the New Zealand Top 40 Album chart, staying in the top 40 albums for 10 weeks. The album was mostly produced by Parks and was released throughout Europe by London label BBE Records in July 2010.
The Liberation Of...
Ladi6's second album, The Liberation Of... was released in New Zealand independently in November 2010, where it debuted at number six on the NZ Top 40 Album Chart. It spent 34 weeks in the top 40 and was certified gold in July 2011. The single "Like Water" from this album peaked at number 9 on the NZ Top 40 Singles Chart, spent 22 weeks on the charts and was certified platinum in June 2011.
It was co-produced by Parks and Sebastian Weiss (a.k.a. DJ Sepalot) of the German hip hop group Blumentopf and features Myele Manzanza of Electric Wire Hustle, Toby Laing of Fat Freddy's Drop and German singer Esther Adams.
The Liberation of... was released in Europe on German label Eskapaden Records in May 2011. In London, Metro Magazine said Ladi6 was "One to Watch". "She knows how to make an impression – including a recent wow-inducing support slot for Gil Scott-Heron at London's Southbank Centre".
Automatic
Ladi6's third album, Automatic, was released in 2013. Ladi6 and Parks travelled to the U.S to work with music producer Waajeed. The album was done at Studio A recording studio in Detroit, with Grammy award-winning engineer Todd Fairall. They also did some recording in New Zealand at Revolver Studios in Waiuku.
Automatic is produced by Parks and Waajeed and features Ladi6 band members Julien Dyne and B.Haru. The album has guest vocal appearances by Scribe, Parks and Tyra Hammond and Detroit MC Invincible.
Automatic debuted at number 3 on the New Zealand national charts and featured on many end-of-year (2013) 'best of' lists.
Collaborations
Ladi6 has collaborated with many New Zealand musicians and bands, including Ruby Frost, Fat Freddy's Drop, Scribe, Shapeshifter, Jon Toogood, Solaa, 4Corners, The Opensouls, 50 Hz and Riki Gooch (a.k.a. Eru Dangerspiel) of TrinityRoots and Fly My Pretties.
Personal life
As well as producing most of Ladi6's music, her partner Parks also provides backing vocals for many of her tracks. In 2004, Ladi6 and Parks had their first son. He is their only child.
She is the cousin of other prominent Samoan New Zealand musicians Scribe and Tyra Hammond of The Opensouls.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Featured singles
Awards
References
External links
Official Ladi6 Website
Ladi6 music videos on YouTube
Samoan Bios: Ladi6
21st-century New Zealand women singers
Neo soul singers
New Zealand women rappers
New Zealand people of Samoan descent
People from Christchurch
Living people
1982 births
The Adults members
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Māori-language singers
Pakri Barawan is a town in the Nawada District of the Indian state of Bihar.
Geography
The town of Pakri Barawan is located at on Nawada-Jamui SH-8, 22 km away from the town of Nawada.
It is divided into two Gram Panchayats: Pakri Barawan Uttar (North) and Pakri Barawan Dakshini (South).
Demographics
, the town has a population of 68,780.
In Pakri Barawan, the female to male sex ratio is 948/1,000, higher than the state average of 918/1,000. The sex ratio for children in Pakri Barawan is 924:1,000, compared to the Bihar state average of 935:1,000.
The literacy rate of the town is on average 58.64%, lower than the state average of 61.80%. The male literacy rate is approximately 66.87%, and the female literacy rate is approximately 49.64%. Scheduled Castes (SC) constitute 11.58% of the total population, while Schedule Tribes (ST) constitute 0.02%.
References
Cities and towns in Nawada district
Les Stances a Sophie is a 1970 soundtrack album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for a French film of the same name directed by Moshé Mizrahi. It was released on the Pathé Marconi label in France and on Nessa Records in the U.S. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut, Fontella Bass and Don Moye. Moshé Mizrahi commissioned the original music for the film when the band had only two weeks left on their French visas. It was reissued on CD in 2000 by Universal Sound records, mastered from a (fairly quiet) vinyl source.
Reception
Rolling Stone writer Robert Palmer observed: "Sophie is a film score and the group essays bop, free music, a neo-dixieland and pounding R&B. There are saxophone solos by Joseph Jarman and Roscoe Mitchell, solid walking from bassist Malachi Favors, aggressive percussion from Don Moye and a searing Fontella Bass vocal." AllMusic reviewer Brian Olewnick called the album "one of the landmark records of the burgeoning avant-garde of the time and, simply put, one of the greatest jazz albums ever." The Rolling Stone Jazz Record Guide wrote that "Les Stances has some of the group's most varied playing."
Track listing
"Theme de Yoyo" - 9:10
"Theme de Celine" - 3:04
"Variations Sur un Theme de Monteverdi I" - 3:02
"Variations Sur un Theme de Monteverdi II" - 1:50
"Proverbes No. 1" - 2:38
"Theme Amour Universal" - 3:51
"Theme Libre" - 8:49
"Proverbes No. 2" - 1:22
All compositions by the Art Ensemble of Chicago except lyrics of "Theme de Yoyo" by Noreen Beasley
Recorded July 22, 1970 in Paris
Theme for track 3 and 4 is Lasciatemi Morire from L'Arianna by Claudio Monteverdi
Personnel
Lester Bowie: trumpet, percussion instruments
Malachi Favors Maghostut: bass, percussion instruments, vocals
Joseph Jarman: saxophones, clarinets, percussion instruments
Roscoe Mitchell: saxophones, clarinets, flute, percussion instruments
Fontella Bass: vocals, piano
Don Moye: drums, percussion
References
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
1970 soundtrack albums
Film soundtracks
Nessa Records soundtracks
Pathé-Marconi soundtracks
William Griffin Mandeville (August 16, 1807 Kinderhook, Columbia County, New York – 1885) was an American politician and Union Army officer from New York.
Life
He was the son of Jeremiah Mandeville (1774–1843) and Jesyntje (Vosburgh) Mandeville (b. 1776). He became a carriage-maker, and set up shop in the area which was separated in 1833 as the Town of Stockport, New York. He abandoned this in 1836, bought a farm, and engaged in agricultural pursuits. He was a Justice of the Peace in Stockport from 1836 to 1840. In 1837, he married Elizabeth White (1816–1895), and they had six children.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Columbia Co.) in 1841. In 1841, he sold the farm, removed to Stuyvesant Falls, New York, and became engaged in flour and paper mills there. In 1852, he established his own paper mill in Livingston, New York, and ran this business until 1856 when he retired.
He was a Democratic member of the New York State Senate (11th D.) in 1858 and 1859. Mandeville was appointed as Postmaster of Stuyvesant Falls in June 1858. He executed his oath and bond, and sent them to the U.S. Postal Department but, before his commission could have been issued, declined to take the office, too late realising that the acceptance of this appointment would vacate his Senate seat. Henry C. Wetmore had himself nominated, and elected at the State election in November 1858, claiming a vacancy, although no notice of such a special election had been given by the Secretary of State, and no candidates were nominated by the other parties. Mandeville appeared at the beginning of the session of 1859, and took his seat. After much debate, Mandeville's seat was declared vacant on March 16, and Wetmore was seated on April 5, 1859.
He was again nominated on the Democratic ticket for the State Senate (15th D.) in 1879, but was defeated by Stephen H. Wendover.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 321 and 442)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 69ff)
Documents of the Senate (82nd Session) (1859; Vol. 2, No. 104 and 105, arguments for and against seating Wetmore)
Mandeville genealogy
STATE NOMINATIONS in NYT on October 16, 1879
1807 births
1885 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state senators
People from Kinderhook, New York
New York (state) Democrats
People from Columbia County, New York
People from Livingston, New York
19th-century American politicians
The KPN Renewables Bangkok Open is a tennis tournament held in Bangkok, Thailand since 2016. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor hard courts.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
ITF search
KPN Renewables Bangkok Open
2016 establishments in Thailand
2016 disestablishments in Thailand
Tennis
Tennis
ATP Challenger Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
May sport events
Recurring sporting events established in 2016
Recurring events disestablished in 2016
Tennis
Tennis in Bangkok
Tennis tournaments in Thailand
Defunct tennis tournaments in Thailand
The 2013 Moldovan government crisis was a governmental crisis that took place in the Republic of Moldova. It started on 8 March 2013, after the Prime Minister Vlad Filat was dismissed by motion of censure of the Parliament. It ended on 30 May 2013, when Iurie Leancă's cabinet received a successful vote of confidence.
Background
The government coalition Alliance for European Integration, composed by Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova (PLDM), Democratic Party (PD) and Liberal Party (PL), entered in an internal conflict. The President of the Parliament and PD leader, Marian Lupu accused Vlad Filat and his government for corruption, although in PL, someone sustained Filat, and the other ones sustained Lupu. The alliance was dissolved.
Government falling
Filat and his government were dismissed on 8 March 2013, after a parliamentary motion of censure against the cabinet, initiated by the Party of the Communists (PCRM). PD, PL and PCRM deputies voted for the motion, while PLDM and independents voted against it. President Nicolae Timofti asked Filat to maintain the function as Acting, until a new government is formed.
Filat's designation
Timofti designated Filat to form his third cabinet. The Prime Minister designate started to negotiate with the former political partners in the European Integration Alliance.
Interim Cabinet
References
2013 in Moldova
Moldova
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Philippeville. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Philippeville
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Philippeville
Philippeville
The dusky-tailed flatbill (Ramphotrigon fuscicauda) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
dusky-tailed flatbill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
dusky-tailed flatbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Phaedra, Op. 93 is a cantata for mezzo-soprano and orchestra by Benjamin Britten, written for Janet Baker.
History
Phaedra was the composer's last vocal work, written in 1975 and first performed by Dame Janet Baker at the Aldeburgh Festival on 16 June 1976. Britten assembled the libretto from parts of a translation of Racine's Phèdre by Robert Lowell. Stylistically, it draws from the Baroque cantata tradition.
References
Compositions by Benjamin Britten
Cantatas
1975 compositions
Works based on Phèdre
Phaedra
Kaafir is a 2019 Indian web television series directed by Sonam Nair. Written by Bhavani Iyer, the series follows Kainaaz Akhtar, a woman from Pakistan administered Kashmir who winds up on the Indian side of the Line-of-Control (LOC), and is held prisoner under the suspicion of being a militant. After giving birth to a child while spending seven years in imprisonment, Kainaaz and her daughter are helped by an Indian journalist, who seeks to bring them justice. It is inspired by the true story of Shehnaz Parveen. Starring Dia Mirza and Mohit Raina, all 8 episodes premiered on 15 June 2019 on the streaming platform ZEE5.
Cast
Dia Mirza as Kainaaz Akhtar
Mohit Raina as Vedant Rathod
Umar Sharif as Mohd. Siddiqi
Dara Sandhu as Rafique
Abhiroy Singh as Dhruv Rathod
Suhail Sidhwani as Veer Rathod
Dishita Jain as Seher
Faezeh Jalali as Mastani
Episodes
Production
Kaafir is set in Jammu and Kashmir, and was shot almost entirely in Himachal Pradesh.
Reception
The series received mixed to positive reviews.
References
External links
Kaafir on ZEE5
2019 Indian television series debuts
Indian Armed Forces in fiction
India–Pakistan relations in popular culture
Television shows set in Jammu and Kashmir
Kashmir conflict in fiction
ZEE5 original programming
Azad Kashmir
Himachal Pradesh
Professor David Anthony Purser CBE is a British toxicologist.
Purser was educated at Bedford School. He graduated from Birmingham University with a BSc degree in Zoology in 1966, and a PhD in Neurocommunications in 1969. Purser has worked for over 35 years on fire toxicity and human evacuation behavior. He has been Director of Hartford Environmental Research since 2006. He is a Visiting Professor at the University of Greenwich and University of Central Lancashire. He has previously been a Visiting Professor at the University of Bolton and University of Ulster. He has been a member of the Adjunct Faculty of the University of Maryland. Purser has chaired Fire Engineering and Toxicity committees in British Standards and ISO, is a member of the scientific committee of the US National Association of State Fire Marshals, and wrote the chapter on Assessment of Hazards to Occupants in the Society of Fire Protection Engineers' Handbook. Purser was awarded the Rasbash Medal by the Institution of Fire Engineers in 2013 in recognition of his contribution to the advancement of knowledge in fire behaviour. He is a medalist of the GIDIA Fire Research Centre at the University of Cantabria. He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2015 New Year Honours for services to Fire Safety.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
British toxicologists
British medical administrators
Photography in India refers to both historical and to contemporary photographs taken in modern-day India.
Photography was introduced in India by the British in the early 19th century. The earliest photographers were patronized by the British government and the rulers of the princely states.
Colonial period
Photography was introduced in India by the British in the early 19th century. Notable photographers such as Felice Beato and Samuel Bourne spent several years in India, photographing Indian people and architecture. Beato covered the Indian Rebellion of 1857 in various cities, and his work is a pioneering effort of war photography. Bourne set up Bourne & Shepherd in 1863, and extensively photographed thousands of images of the architecture and landscapes of India.
The British also conducted efforts to photograph the various castes and tribes of India, as a way of categorising the various people of India, with racist and Orientalist undertones. The People of India was a multi-volume study which contained hundreds of such images. The early photographers thus presented a highly exoticised view of India, intended to further the colonial agenda.
Lala Deen Dayal was one of the few native Indian photographers of the 19th century, and the most prolific. In the 1880s, he was appointed the court photographer to the Nizam of Hyderabad.
Photographers such as Kulwant Roy and Kanu Gandhi also documented the events of the Indian Independence movement.
Post-Independence
Homai Vyarawalla was one of the notable Indian photojournalists of the 20th century.
In 2020, Dar Yasin, Mukhtar Khan and Channi Anand became the first Indian photographers to win the Pulitzer Prize for their coverage of the crackdown in Kashmir.
See also
National Photography Awards
References
Further reading
Photography in India
Ostrov Yunosti (Russian: Остров Юности) is a river island in the center of the city of Irkutsk, Russia. This island is covered with woodland and is a popular place for walking. Other attractions include cafes and discos.
A bridge joins the island to the river bank, close to the river fountain and the monument of Alexander III.
See also
List of islands of Russia
River islands of Russia
Landforms of Irkutsk Oblast
River islands of Asia
Abraham Solomon (London 7 May 1823 – 19 December 1862 Biarritz) was a British painter.
Born as the second son of Meyer Solomon, a Leghorn hat manufacturer, by his wife Catherine, in Sandys Street, Bishopsgate in east London. His father was one of the first Jews to be admitted to the freedom of the city of London. Two members of the family besides Abraham became artists. A younger brother, Simeon Solomon, acquired much acclaim as an associate of the Pre-Raphaelites and exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1858 to 1872; his later crayon drawings of idealised heads are still popular.
At the age of thirteen Abraham became a pupil in Sass's school of art in Bloomsbury, and in 1838 gained the Isis silver medal at the Society of Arts for a drawing from a statue. In 1839 he was admitted as a student of the Royal Academy, where he received in the same year a silver medal for drawing from the antique, and in 1843 another for drawing from the life.
Solomon died in Biarritz in France, of heart disease, on 19 December 1862, the same day on which he was elected an Associate of the Royal Academy. He married, on 10 May 1860, Ella, sister of Dr. Ernest Hart; she survived her husband.
Works
His first exhibited work, Rabbi expounding the Scriptures, appeared at the Society of British Artists in 1840, and in the following year he sent to the Royal Academy My Grandmother and a scene from Sir Walter Scott's Fair Maid of Perth. These were followed (at the Academy) by a scene from the Vicar of Wakefield in 1842, another from Crabbe's Parish Register in 1843, and a third from Peveril of the Peak in 1845. The Breakfast Table, exhibited in 1846, and a further scene from the Vicar of Wakefield in 1847, attracted some attention.
In 1848 appeared A Ball Room in the year 1760, and in 1849 the Academy for Instruction in the Discipline of the Fan, 1711, both of which pictures were distinguished by brilliancy of colour and careful study of costume. Too Truthful was his contribution to the exhibition of the Royal Academy in 1850, and An Awkward Position—an incident in the life of Oliver Goldsmith—to that of 1851. In 1851, also, he sent to the British Institution Scandal and La petite Dieppoise.
In 1852 appeared at the Academy The Grisette and a scene from Molière's Tartuffe—the quarrel between Mariane and Valère, where Dorine interferes—and in 1853 Brunetta and Phillis, from the Spectator. In 1854, he sent to the Academy First Class: The Meeting (National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa), and Second Class: The Parting (National Gallery of Australia, Canberra). Both were engraved in mezzotint by William Henry Simmons in 1857, and evidenced a great advance in Solomon's work. They show an originality of conception and design which is not apparent in his earlier work. His next contributions to the Royal Academy were A Contrast in 1855, The Bride and Doubtful Fortune in 1856, and Waiting for the Verdict in 1857. The last picture greatly increased his popularity; but its companion, Not Guilty, exhibited in 1859, was less successful. Both became the property of C. J. Lucas, esq., and were also engraved by Simmons. The Flight, Mlle. Blaiz, and The Lion in Love (also engraved by Simmons) were exhibited at the academy in 1858; Ici on rase, Brittany and The Fox and the Grapes in 1859; Drowned! Drowned! in 1860; Consolation and Le Malade Imaginaire in 1861; and The Lost Found in 1862. Art Critics in Brittany appeared at the British Institution in 1861.
His last work, Departure of the Diligence at Biarritz, is now at the Royal Holloway College, Egham.
References
Attribution
External links
Abraham Solomon artwork database and exhibition history
1823 births
1862 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
English Jews
Jewish painters
Painters from London
People from the City of London
Artists' Rifles soldiers
19th-century English male artists
Sibling artists
The mammoth wasp (Megascolia maculata) is a very large wasp (the largest in Europe), with the female reaching up to , whereas the male is smaller. The species can be seen in warm weather, from May to September.
Description
The mammoth wasp resembles a very large, elongated bumble bee. The female is larger than the male and has a yellow head, the male has a black head. Its body is covered in downy hair and is glossy black in colour with two yellow bands across its abdomen which are sometimes divided to form four yellow spots. Females have shorter antennae than males. The female also has large mandibles which are used to manipulate the prey.
Distribution
The mammoth wasp occurs in southern Europe as far north as the Czech Republic, where it was first recorded in 2013, into Russia, North Africa and the near east. It has been recorded in southern Great Britain but as its prey does not occur in Britain it will be unable to establish there.
Habitat
The mammoth wasp is found in Mediterranean type habitats such as oak forests, maquis and garrigue. It can only occur where its prey, the European rhinoceros beetle Oryctes nasicornis, is found too and in Russia it has been noted that it is the commonest around human habitation where manure piles, sawmills and compost heaps provide habitat for its prey.
Biology
The adult mammoth wasps feed on nectar from flowers. In Malta they have been associated with wild artichoke and Carpobrotus edulis. The female hunts in dead wood for the grubs of the European rhinoceros beetle which it paralyses by stinging it and then lays a single egg on the larva. The larval wasp consumes the beetle larva apart from its skin. Once the beetle larva had been consumed the wasp larva builds a cocoon and pupates, emerging from the cocoon as an adult in the following spring.
In culture
It is suggested as the insect model used for the gold "Malia Pendant", a jewel of high quality gold-smithery of the Minoan times.
Gallery
References
External links
Megascolia maculata flavifrons
Scoliidae
Hymenoptera of Europe
Insects described in 1773
Aloeides clarki, the Coega copper, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is found in South Africa, where it is known from low slopes and ridges in coastal Karoo flats in the Eastern Cape and flat rocky land further inland.
The wingspan is 25–28 mm for males and 25–29 mm females. Adults are on wing from October to April. There are multiple generations per year.
The larvae feed on Aspalathus species.
References
Butterflies described in 1968
Aloeides
Endemic butterflies of South Africa
Shirinabad (, also Romanized as Shīrīnābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 843, in 249 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Ooh, La, La is the debut and only studio album by American singer, Suzi Lane, released in 1979 through Elektra Records. The album was produced by Giorgio Moroder who was also producing Donna Summer at that time. Lane said she met Summer at the recording studio and that she was influenced by the "high-energy electronica" sound pioneered by Moroder and Summer. The title track along with the song "Harmony" reached number one on Billboard magazine's Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart. The dance hit was number one for one week then remained on the chart for six months.
Soon after the release of the album, Lane was involved in a car accident in which her face was seriously injured by the broken windshield. Lane spent three years in seclusion at her home in Las Vegas recuperating.
Track listing
"Ooh, La, La" (Chris Bennett, Giorgio Moroder, Harold Faltermeyer)
"Givin' It Up" (Bennett, Faltermeyer)
"No One Home in the City" (Bennett, Faltermeyer)
"Harmony" (Geoff Bastow, Moroder, Pete Bellotte)
"Morning, Noon and Night" (Bellotte, Moroder)
"Free Me" (Bellotte, Moroder)
"Harmony (12" version) (Bastow, Moroder, Bellotte)
"Ooh, La, La" (12" version) (Bennett, Moroder, Faltermeyer)
"Harmony" (7" version) (Bastow, Moroder, Bellotte)
Personnel
Arranged By – Harold Faltermeyer
Art Direction – Johnny Lee, Mary Francis
Bass – Les Hurdle
Brass – Dino Solera's Brass Section
Drums – Keith Forsey
Engineer [Assistant] – Carolyn Tapp, Steven D. Smith
Engineer [Recording & Mixing] – Harold Faltermeyer, Jürgen Koppers
Guitar – Günther Moll, Mats Björklund
Photography By – McGowan, Coder
Piano, Synthesizer – Harold Faltermeyer
Backing Vocals (Uncredited) - Suzi Lane, Gloria Weems, Yvonne Lewis
Producer – Giorgio Moroder
Strings – Fritz Sonnleitner
References
1979 debut albums
Albums produced by Giorgio Moroder
Suzi Lane albums
Elektra Records albums
Przevalski's parrotbill (Sinosuthora przewalskii) or the rusty-throated parrotbill, is a species of parrotbill in the family Paradoxornithidae. It is endemic to a small area of central China. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292–321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Przevalski's parrotbill
Birds of Central China
Endemic birds of China
Przevalski's parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Michael Allen Inez (born May 14, 1966) is an American rock musician best known for his role as the bassist of Alice in Chains since 1993. He is also recognized for his work with Ozzy Osbourne from 1989–1993. Inez has also been associated with Slash's Snakepit, Black Label Society, Spys4Darwin, and Heart. He is of Filipino descent. Inez has earned seven Grammy Award nominations as a member of Alice in Chains.
Career
Mike Inez began his career in music by playing guitar and saxophone. Since the late 1980s, his career has consisted of the role of bass guitarist in popular hard rock bands.
Ozzy Osbourne (1989–1993)
In 1989, more than 50 musicians auditioned for Ozzy Osbourne's group, and Inez, then a member of the local L.A. band Skin on Skin, won the spot of bassist. Within a month, Inez was playing live at a gig with Osbourne at Wembley Stadium.
Inez was an official member of Osbourne's band during their recording of the No More Tears album. However, Bob Daisley was brought in to record the bass and none of Inez's playing is on the final album. In the liner notes Inez was credited as "bass and music inspiration," as he had written the riff to the title track in a jam session. Inez also appeared on the 1993 Osbourne live album, Live & Loud.
Alice in Chains (1993–present)
By January 1993 Inez had moved on to his next project. Alice in Chains bassist Mike Starr had left the group after the release of their album Dirt and Inez replaced him. Inez toured throughout 1993 with Alice in Chains on the strength of the Dirt album. The group also participated in the 1993 Lollapalooza Tour. Alice in Chains' Jar of Flies EP was released in 1994 with Inez on bass. Jar of Flies debuted at #1 on album sales charts, the first EP ever to do so.
Inez recorded with the band for their eponymous 1995 release Alice in Chains, which also debuted at #1. In 1996, Alice in Chains recorded their MTV Unplugged special, the first live performance the group had played together in three years. After their last live performance on July 3, 1996, Alice in Chains went on hiatus. Then in August 1998 Alice in Chains returned to the studio to release the songs "Get Born Again" and "Died". In 1999 the band went on hiatus once again, when rumors of vocalist Layne Staley's drug abuse arose. Alice in Chains officially disbanded on April 20, 2002, after the news of the death of Staley.
Slash's Snakepit (1995)
In 1995, Inez played with Slash on the Guns N' Roses guitarist's side group, Slash's Snakepit. The group recorded It's Five O'Clock Somewhere although Inez did not play any live shows during the corresponding tour. He also briefly rejoined Ozzy Osbourne's band on the Retirement Sucks tour after Geezer Butler resigned due to the pressures of touring.
Jerry Cantrell and Spys4Darwin (1998)
In 1997 Inez played with his Alice in Chains bandmate, Jerry Cantrell, on his debut solo album, Boggy Depot. In the following year, Inez played on the bonus track to Black Label Society's debut album Sonic Brew, a reworked heavy metal cover version of the Osbourne track "No More Tears". At around this time, Inez formed the band Spys4Darwin with Sean Kinney, Chris DeGarmo from Queensrÿche, and Vinnie Dombroski from Sponge. They released the microfish EP, and played radio festivals in the Northwest.
Black Label Society (2001–2004)
In mid-August 2001, Inez temporarily replaced Black Label Society bassist Steve Gibb, who was sent home in the middle of their Ozzfest tour. In 2003, Black Label Society's Robert Trujillo joined Metallica; Inez replaced him in Black Label Society, joining for a short two-week west coast tour of the United States and a short tour of Japan for their The Blessed Hellride album. A few songs from the Tokyo, Japan show of this tour appear in the bonus features section of their live DVD, Boozed, Broozed & Broken-Boned. In 2004, Inez recorded the track "Crazy or High" with Black Label Society for their studio album release Hangover Music Vol. VI.
Heart (2002–2006)
Following Layne Staley's death in April 2002, Inez joined Heart and toured with the band from 2002 through 2006. He appears on Heart's 2003 release, Alive in Seattle, a double CD live recording that documents a 2002 concert at Seattle's Paramount Theatre.
Inez also played bass and tambourine on Heart's 2004 album Jupiters Darling.
Alice in Chains reunion (2005–present)
In 2005, Jerry Cantrell, Inez, and Sean Kinney reunited to perform a benefit concert in Seattle for victims of the tsunami disaster that struck South Asia in 2004. By 2006 Inez, along with the surviving members of Alice in Chains, Jerry Cantrell and Sean Kinney, set out for a world tour with various guest singers to fill in for the late Layne Staley. The main singer for the band's tour was William DuVall. The band was also featured on Decades of Rock: Heart and Friends where they performed "Would?" with Phil Anselmo and "Rooster" with William DuVall. DuVall would go on to be made the permanent singer of the group, which has since released three studio albums with Duvall and toured extensively since 2006.
Guest appearances
In late 2002, Inez was considered to replace Jason Newsted in Metallica.
At the 2007 VH1 Rock Honors, Alice in Chains performed the tribute to Heart. Inez is the only musician who has been a member of both bands.
Inez was a guest player on "Under the Gun" from Motörhead's 2006 album Kiss of Death.
In early 2008, Inez recorded a "Behind the Player" instructional DVD with the help of John Tempesta. The DVD features lessons of some of Mike's favorite Alice in Chains songs, and a sit down in depth interview.
In 2019, Inez was a guest bass player on Mark Morton's debut solo album Anesthetic.
Personal life
Inez married his fiancée Sydney Kelly on May 8, 2010, at the estate of Susan Silver, Alice in Chains' manager.
Basses and amps
According to Bass Player Magazine, Inez uses the following basses:
Warwick Streamer Stage I (x2)
Warwick Alien acoustic bass
Alvarez acoustic bass
Gibson Les Paul bass
Fender Telecaster bass
Fender Precision bass
Warwick Streamer 5-string
Kubicki Factor bass
Spector NS-2
Gibson Thunderbird
They are strung with medium-gauge Dean Markley Blue Steel strings.
Inez uses four Ampeg SVT-2PRO heads, two of them plugged into four 1x18" cabinets for the lows, and the other two plugged into two 8x10" cabinets. In addition, he sends his signal direct to the mixing board with a Tech 21 SansAmp Bass Driver DI.
Discography
Other appearances
Filmography
References
External links
Mike Inez biography
Alice in Chains official website
1966 births
Living people
Alice in Chains members
Alternative rock bass guitarists
American alternative rock musicians
American heavy metal bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
American heavy metal guitarists
American musicians of Filipino descent
American rock saxophonists
American male saxophonists
Grunge musicians
Heart (band) members
Guitarists from California
People from San Fernando, California
Slash's Snakepit members
The Ozzy Osbourne Band members
Alternative metal bass guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
Black Label Society members
21st-century saxophonists
Spys4Darwin members
An Essay on Pornography is a 1973 Australian film.
External links
An Essay on Pornography at Oz Movies
1973 films
Australian documentary films
1970s English-language films
Archips bachmanus is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish, with paler submedian interfascia. The strigulation (fine streaking) is brown. There is a weak, pinkish violet gloss. The markings consist of a reduced to slender rust-brown blotch. The hindwings are pale orange, but greyish brown in the anal half, with fine, brownish
strigulation in the apex area.
Etymology
The name refers to the type locality: Bạch Mã.
References
Moths described in 2009
Archips
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
RPPN may refer to:
Reserva Particular do Patrimônio Natural, a type of protected area in Brazil
RPPN da Unisc, Santa Cruz do Sul University Private Natural Heritage Reserve
Rastriya Prajatantra Party Nepal
Rancudo Airfield (IATA code: RPPN), an airport in Kalayaan, Palawan, Philippines
Ernest Louis de Gonzague Vandenpeereboom (12 July 1807, in Kortrijk – 11 November 1875, in Ypres) was a Belgian doctor in law, industrialist (textile) and liberal politician.
As a politician, he was a member of the municipal council of Kortrijk, member of the provincial council of West Flanders, a member of the Belgian parliament and comissinar of the arrondissement of Kortrijk. He was President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 15 December 1863 until 23 October 1867.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Ernest Louis de Gonzague Vandenpeereboom
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussels, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 561.
1807 births
1875 deaths
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Saprosites raoulensis is a species of dung beetle endemic to the Kermadec Islands in New Zealand. The holotype specimen of this species was discovered during a scientific expedition to the Kermadecs by W. L. Wallace in 1908. It was found under rotten logs on Raoul Island.
Taxonomy
New Zealand entomologist Thomas Broun first described this beetle as Aphodius raoulensis in 1910 after receiving the specimen for determination from its collector W. L. Wallace. This type specimen is currently held at the Auckland Museum. The species was placed in the genus Saprosites by Aola M. Richards in 1959 and the holotype specimen was redescribed by Richards as Broun's description differed from the type specimen in several ways.
The specific name is derived from the name of the island the species was collected from, Raoul Island, and -ensis a Latin derived adjective suffix meaning "originated in".
Description
Saprosites raoulensis is 5.5 mm in length and 2.5 mm in width. The beetle is pitch black in colour with the front border of the prothorax being a dull brick red. Its legs are a reddish brown.
Distribution and habitat
This beetle is apparently rare and specimens have only been recorded as being from Raoul Island.
Predation
Broun hypothesized that the significant number of rats on Raoul Island at the time of collection of the type specimen were likely to negatively impact various beetle populations.
References
External links
Information on Saprosites raoulensis in the New Zealand Organisms Register
Beetles described in 1910
Beetles of New Zealand
Fauna of the Kermadec Islands
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Raoul Island
Route 119 is a highway in Dent County. Its northern terminus is at Route 32 southwest of Salem; its southern terminus is at Montauk State Park. There are no towns on the highway.
Major intersections
References
119
Transportation in Dent County, Missouri
Oregon v. Elstad, 470 U.S. 298 (1985), was a landmark Supreme Court of the United States case relating to Miranda warnings.
Background
A house in the town of Salem, Polk County (most of Salem is located in Marion County), Oregon was burglarized. A witness to the burglary contacted the local sheriff's office and implicated an 18 year old neighbor, Michael Elstad. Two officers went to Elstad's home with a warrant for his arrest. When the police entered the house and asked Elstad about the burglary he admitted to the burglary. The officers then escorted Elstad to the sheriff's headquarters. About an hour later, the same officers began interrogating Elstad by reading him his Miranda rights for the first time. During this interrogation, the officers obtained a written admission of Elstad's involvement in the burglary. Subsequently, Elstad was convicted of burglary and sentenced to 5 years and $18,000 in restitution.
Case
The issue presented was whether the self-incrimination clause of the 5th Amendment requires suppression of a confession made after Miranda warnings and a waiver, because police obtained an earlier admission without Miranda warnings.
Justice O'Connor, writing for the majority, held that, while the pre-Miranda statements must be suppressed, the statements made after Miranda do not need to be suppressed as long as the statements were made knowingly and voluntarily.
Subsequent Developments
In Missouri v. Seibert the police practice was to obtain a confession from suspects, then Mirandize the suspects and obtain a "valid" confession. Missouri developed this practice as a result of the holding in Oregon v. Elstad. The Supreme Court condemned this practice and suppressed the statements.
Further reading
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
1985 in United States case law
United States Fifth Amendment self-incrimination case law
Hydriomena speciosata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found from coastal British Columbia south to California. The habitat consists of wet conifer forests.
The wingspan is about 36 mm. The forewings have alternating bands of green and black. Adults are on wing in midsummer.
The larvae feed on the foliage of Pinaceae species, including Abies grandis, Picea, Pinus, Pseudotsuga menziesii and Tsuga heterophylla. Mature larvae reach a length of 20 mm. They have a cream coloured body, overlain with dark mottling and a brown head. The species overwinters as a mid instar larva. Pupation takes place in May or June.
References
Moths described in 1874
Hydriomena
Witków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 420.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Rawḍ al-Qirṭās () short for Kitāb al-ānīs al-muṭrib bi-rawḍ al-qirṭās fī ākhbār mulūk al-maghrab wa tārīkh madīnah Fās (, The Entertaining Companion Book in the Gardens of Pages from the Chronicle of the Kings of Morocco and the History of the City of Fes) is a history of Morocco written in Arabic in the 1326 C.E. It includes many details about the wider Moroccan empire in Iberian Peninsula and Algeria.
The work is usually known by its short title Rawd al-Qirtas meaning The Gardens of Pages. It is said that this has a double meaning in that there was a public garden in Fes called The Garden of al-Qirtas, the latter name being a nickname of Ziri ibn Atiyya.
The work has always been very popular in Morocco, and continues so to the present day. In the days before printing, this popularity led to a large number of variant manuscripts. A consequence of this is some uncertainty about the author, who is given in some versions as Ibn Abi Zar of Fes, and by some as Salih ibn Abd al-Halim of Granada. The consensus of modern opinion is that the original author is Ibn Abi Zar as stated by Ibn Khaldun, and that Abd al-Halim is merely a summarizer at best. The double meaning of the title, the detailed history of Fes and numerous mistakes in the geography of Iberia, are cited as evidence that the author was a native of Fes.
The scope of the history is from the advent of Idris I in 788 to the Marinid Dynasty up to 1326. The work falls into four sections, each ending in a summary list of the events in each period:
The Idrisid and Maghrawa kings
The Almoravids
The Almohads
The Marinids
Modern researchers consider that the first and last sections contain a valuable record of their respective periods, even if not completely free from errors. On the other hand, the sections on the Almoravids and Almohads are considered to be riddled with chronological and factual errors and omissions and make this work one of the least trustworthy sources for those periods. In light of these issues it is unfortunate that Ibn Khaldun chose the work as one of his primary sources of reference.
A critical version of the Arabic text, utilizing all the manuscript versions then available, was published by Tornberg in 1843, and this is generally used as a basis for modern Arabic versions. Tornberg also gave a Latin translation. A French translation was published in 1860 by Beaumier but is based on fewer manuscripts and is considered faulty by modern standards. The second (1964) edition of Huici Miranda's Spanish translation is heavily annotated and is considered authoritative.
Notes
References
French translation: A. Beaumier, Rawd al Kirtas. Histoire des Souverains du Maghreb et Annales de la Ville de Fes. Editions La Porte, Rabat, 1999.
Spanish Translation: A. Huici Miranda, Rawd el-Qirtas. 2nd edition, Anubar Ediciones, Valencia, 1964. Vol. 1 , vol. 2 .
English translation of sections on the Almoravids: N. Levtzion & J.F.P. Hopkins, Corpus of early Arabic sources for West African history, Cambridge University Press, 1981, (reprint: Markus Wiener, Princeton, 2000, ).
External links
Maroc-Hebdo interview (in French) with Tayeb Habi, a recent publisher of Beamier's French translation
Comparative notes (in English) on sources of Moroccan history during the Almoravid period by French historian Lagadère
Medieval Morocco
Medieval Algeria
History books about Morocco
1320s books
History books about Algeria
History books about Spain
14th-century Arabic books
The Okraulo (Japanese: オークラウロ) is a vertical flute that is named after its inventor Baron Kishichiro Okura of the Hotel Okura in Tokyo, Japan.
References
External links
Flutes
Japanese musical instruments
Mohamed Rifnas (born 9 January 1995) is a Sri Lankan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Colombo FC in the Sri Lanka Football Premier League. He operates primarily as a central midfielder and is comfortable playing both in attack and defense.
Career
Rifnas began his club career with Colombo FC in 2011 as a teenager & promoted the club from Division 1 to Champions League. After helping Colombo FC to the FA CUP finals, Renown Sports Club of the Sri Lanka Football Premier League made an effort to sign Rifnas's elder brother to the team. He made a midfield partnership with Fazul Rahman & his brother Rizni throughout the season, and earned two consecutive Golden Boot awards. On March 28, 2018, Rifnas officially transferred to his childhood club, Colombo FC, after rumors had been spread about his transfer.
International
Rifnas made his debut for Sri Lanka on 26 August 2014 against Seychelles and scored his first goal for his country in the 78th minute. That goal proved to be the winning goal as Sri Lanka won 2–1. Rifnas was then selected to be part of Sri Lanka's side for the 2015 SAFF Championship, where he was named as one of the top young players to watch during the tournament. He scored the winning goal for Sri Lanka in their opening match of the tournament against Nepal in the fifth minute of stoppage time after the second half. Sri Lanka won 1–0.
International goals
Score and result list Sri Lanka's goal tally first.
Career statistics
International
References
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan footballers
Renown SC players
Association football midfielders
Sri Lanka international footballers
Sri Lankan Muslims
Sri Lanka Football Premier League players
Tinizong-Rona is a former municipality in the district of Albula in the Sursés in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It was formed in 1998 from the villages of Tinizong and Rona. The local administration is situated in Tinizong. On 1 January 2016 the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged to form the new municipality of Surses.
History
Tinizong is mentioned during the Nervan–Antonine dynasty (96 to 192) of the Roman Empire as Tinetione, a station on the Roman Septimer Pass route. Rona is first mentioned in 1330 as Rouenam. In 1377 it was mentioned as Rouvena, and in 1412 as Rofna.
Geography
Tinizong-Rona had an area, , of . Of this area, 32.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while 25.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (40.6%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the sub-district of Sursés, in the Albula district. It is located along the route to the Julier pass. It consists of the villages of Tinizong and Rona. Rona consists of Ober-Rona (Romansh: Ruegnas) on a terrace and Unter-Rona (Romansh: Rieven) along the banks of the Gelgia. Rieven used to be located on the same site as the hamlet of Livizung (the hamlet was destroyed in 1580 by a rock slide), but moved following repeated flooding of the river. In 1998 the municipalities merged to form the municipality of Rona-Tinizong.
Demographics
Tinizong-Rona had a population (as of 2014) of 320. , 17.5% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -9.1%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.8% male and 49.2% female. The age distribution, , in Tinizong-Rona is; 47 people or 12.7% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 29 people or 7.9% are 10 to 14, and 8 people or 2.2% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 35 people or 9.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 45 people or 12.2% are 30 to 39, 63 people or 17.1% are 40 to 49, and 38 people or 10.3% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 42 people or 11.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 38 people or 10.3% are 70 to 79, there are 19 people or 5.1% who are 80 to 89, and there are 5 people or 1.4% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 42.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (26.9%), the SPS (18.1%) and the FDP (10.4%).
In Tinizong-Rona about 54.8% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Tinizong-Rona has an unemployment rate of 1.36%. , there were 40 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 15 businesses involved in this sector. 60 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 9 businesses in this sector. 19 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 10 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks Rhaeto-Romance (50.1%), with German being second most common (38.8%) and Portuguese being third ( 4.9%). The official language of the municipality is the Surmiran dialect of the Romansh language.
Heritage sites of national significance
The Church of S. Plasch (St. Blasius) and the Chasa Cresta Nr. 5 are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
The church was first mentioned in 1180. In 1512 the side altars were rebuilt. In 1663 it was rebuilt from the original gothic style by the Capuchin friars.
References
External links
Surses
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
The A. J. Mason Building is a single-story brick building that is the only remaining original structure in Tullahassee, Oklahoma. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places August 5, 1985.
The building reportedly housed a grocery store until sometime in the 1950s. It later housed a nightclub.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Buildings and structures in Wagoner County, Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Wagoner County, Oklahoma
Players and pairs who neither have high enough rankings nor receive wild cards may participate in a qualifying tournament held one week before the annual Wimbledon Tennis Championships.
Seeds
Olivier Patience (second round)
Nicolas Mahut (qualified)
Édouard Roger-Vasselin (qualified)
Frank Dancevic (qualifying competition, lucky loser)
Daniele Bracciali (qualifying competition)
Santiago Giraldo (second round)
Kevin Kim (qualifying competition, lucky loser)
Federico Luzzi (qualifying competition)
Konstantinos Economidis (first round)
Alejandro Falla (qualified)
Paul Capdeville (qualifying competition)
Rik de Voest (qualified)
Adrián García (withdrew)
Mischa Zverev (qualified)
Fernando Vicente (qualified)
Tomáš Zíb (qualified)
Thiago Alves (first round)
Bobby Reynolds (qualified)
Wesley Moodie (second round)
Stefano Galvani (qualifying competition)
Ilija Bozoljac (first round)
Bohdan Ulihrach (qualified)
Thierry Ascione (second round)
Roko Karanušić (second round)
Ramón Delgado (first round)
Wang Yeu-tzuoo (qualified)
Gilles Müller (qualified)
Pablo Andújar (second round, withdrew)
Łukasz Kubot (first round)
Lukáš Lacko (first round)
Ricardo Mello (second round)
Dick Norman (second round)
Qualifiers
Wang Yeu-tzuoo
Nicolas Mahut
Édouard Roger-Vasselin
Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi
Bobby Reynolds
Bohdan Ulihrach
Sam Warburg
Zack Fleishman
Lee Childs
Alejandro Falla
Gilles Müller
Rik de Voest
Wayne Arthurs
Mischa Zverev
Fernando Vicente
Tomáš Zíb
Lucky loser
Frank Dancevic
Kevin Kim
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
Ninth qualifier
Tenth qualifier
Eleventh qualifier
Twelfth qualifier
Thirteenth qualifier
Fourteenth qualifier
Fifteenth qualifier
Sixteenth qualifier
External links
2007 Wimbledon Championships – Men's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Men's Singles Qualifying
Wimbledon Championship by year – Men's singles qualifying
The Yungaburra National Park is a national park on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland, Australia.
References
National parks of Far North Queensland
Protected areas established in 1953
Voronkin (), Voronkina is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Artyom Voronkin (born 1986), Russian footballer
Yuriy Voronkin (born 1979), Russian hammer thrower
Elena Voronkina (born 1973), Ukrainian volleyball player
Russian-language surnames
Tostock is a small village around eight miles east of Bury St. Edmunds in the county of Suffolk. It is a very traditional Suffolk village, with a good example of a fourteenth-century church.
As of 2011, the village is host to 198 houses with 472 residents.
Layout
The village's houses are primarily located around two greens, The Green, forming the centre of the village and The Leys, to the south side of the village and home to the village pond.
Church
The Parish Church of St. Andrew is Grade I listed. There was a church in Tostock mentioned in the Domesday survey of 1086 but the present building is believed to date from the 12th century. The tower was constructed in stages from about 1350. It is believed that the tower was completed in the 1460s as the oldest of its four bells dates from that time.
Village pub
The Gardener's Arms public house stands next to the village green alongside the chestnut tree that was planted in 1935 to commemorate the silver jubilee of King George V.
Village school
Tostock's Victorian school building was opened in 1874 and closed in 1945. Today, most children attend either Norton CEVC Primary School
or Woolpit Primary School, or Thurston Community College.
References
External links
Tostock government's local website
Villages in Suffolk
Mid Suffolk District
Civil parishes in Suffolk
Thedwastre Hundred
Marcus Stephen Hahnemann (born June 15, 1972) is an American former professional soccer player who played as a goalkeeper.
Graduating out of Seattle Pacific University, he played for the Seattle Sounders between 1994 and 1996. Between 1997 and 1999 he turned out for the Colorado Rapids, signing with English club Fulham in 1999. Unable to become the first-choice goalkeeper at Fulham, he enjoyed loan spells with Rochdale and Reading, before signing permanently with Reading in 2002. In 2009, following 276 league appearances for the club, he transferred to Wolverhampton Wanderers.
He has won nine caps for the United States, featuring as back-up for Kasey Keller and Tim Howard in two World Cups. Following his debut for the States in 1994 he played two further games within the same month, however he had to wait almost nine years before his next international appearance, making him a player with one of the longest ever gaps between caps.
Early years
Hahnemann grew up in the Seattle area in Kent and attended Kentridge High School where he was named the team's MVP his junior season. He transferred to Newport High School in Bellevue, Washington for his senior season. That year, he kept eleven clean sheets en route to being named the All-King County goalkeeper.
He played college soccer for the Seattle Pacific University Falcons. A Division II powerhouse, Hahnemann led SPU to the NCAA Division II National Championship in 1993. Over his four seasons at SPU, Hahnemann had a 64–9–5 record as a starter, with forty-six career clean sheets.
Club career
Seattle Sounders
Hahnemann's professional career started when he signed with the Seattle Sounders of the A-League on May 1, 1994. In his first season with the Sounders, Hahnemann registered a .57 GAA in fourteen games to take the league's top goalkeeper honors. In 1995, he played twenty-nine games as the Sounders won the league championship. In 1996, the Sounders repeated as champions while Hahnemann kept eleven clean sheets and made 119 saves.
Colorado Rapids
Hahnemann waited until 1997 to join Major League Soccer (MLS), signing with the Colorado Rapids. His first appearance was on April 20, 1997 coming on as a substitute for Paul Grafer; Hahneman then started the next 23 MLS league games that season, and he also appeared in the U.S. Open Cup. In his first season in MLS, the Rapids went all the way to the MLS Cup before losing 2–1 to D.C. United.
During his second season in 1998, he set a club record for the most games and minutes played in a single season by a goalkeeper, playing 2,520 minutes in 28 games and compiling a 16–12 record, and was named their Defender of the Year.
Fulham
After two and a half seasons with the Colorado Rapids, he signed with English First Division club Fulham, for £80,000 in June 1999. He failed to displace Maik Taylor in goal though, and only made four appearances (two in the league) in total for the London club (all during their promotion season of 2000–01).
With Edwin van der Sar signed upon promotion by Fulham, Hahnemann slipped further down the pecking order and to gain playing time, he was loaned out to lower league sides Rochdale, and then, Reading during the 2001–02 campaign. He made six appearances for the latter as part of their promotion from the third tier. At the end of the 2001–02 season, Hahnemann was released by the club after spending three years. Hahnemann then signed a one-month contract extension after spending time with the club.
Reading
Hahnemann then joined Reading permanently in Summer 2002 on a free transfer, becoming their first choice 'keeper. His first full season with the Royals saw them miss out on promotion to the Premier League in the play-offs, before two successive seasons saw them narrowly fall short of further play-off finishes.
He missed just one game of the 2005–06 season that saw Reading win promotion to the top flight of English soccer for the first time in their history, as they topped the Championship with a record 106 points. He was named in that season's Championship Team of the Year by the Professional Footballers' Association.
His first season in the Premier League saw him keep thirteen clean sheets as the club finished eighth, only one place short of European qualification. He made the most saves (139) in the Premier League during 2007, but could not halt relegation in their second Premier League campaign.
He remained with the club for one further season as they attempted an immediate return to the top level, but Reading ultimately lost out to Burnley in the play-off semi finals. Subsequently, Reading announced that they would not renew Hahnemann's contract making him a free agent.
Wolves
On June 17, 2009, Hahnemann signed a one-year contract with newly promoted Premier League side Wolverhampton Wanderers. He was back-up to first-choice Wayne Hennessey for the opening four months, until Hennessey conceded four goals in two successive games and lost his place to Hahnemann. Hahnemann remained first choice keeper for the remainder of the season, helping the club attain survival. His form ranked him as "the Best Goalkeeper in the World" using the Castrol Performance Index system, helping earn him a one-year contract extension.
However, the 2010–11 season saw the team enter a dismal run of form that left them bottom of the league and in danger of relegation. Hahnemann was dropped after a defeat to relegation rivals Blackpool in late November and did not feature again. He was released at the end of the campaign, after the expiry of his contract.
Everton
On September 23, 2011, Hahnemann signed for Everton on a short-term deal. He was released from the club on May 18, 2012 without making a first team appearance, along with Scottish international James McFadden and four others who also did not feature in the first team.
Seattle Sounders FC
On September 14, 2012, Hahnemann made his long anticipated return to the Sounders. Seattle traded a conditional draft pick to Toronto FC for the number one allocation slot, so they would be able to sign Hahnemann.
He made his debut on October 24, 2012 against Marathón in a CONCACAF Champions League group stage match. At Seattle, Hahnemann was a backup behind Michael Gspurning. Hahnemann made his first MLS appearance for Seattle on August 3, 2013, keeping a clean sheet in a 3–0 win against FC Dallas.
On December 8, 2014, he announced his retirement from professional soccer.
International career
Hahnemann made his international debut for the United States national team on November 19, 1994, in a 0–1 friendly defeat to Trinidad and Tobago. He played two more games in the rest of the year.
Hahnemann did not play for the US again until June 8, 2003 when he played the first half of a 2–1 friendly win over New Zealand in Richmond, Virginia. The game was a warm-up for the Confederations Cup, for which he was selected.
He won two further caps during 2005 and was then picked for the 2006 World Cup in Germany, and allocated shirt number 19, but was an unused substitute in all of the United States' matches behind Kasey Keller and Tim Howard as they exited at the group stage. During the group stage, he and teammate Bobby Convey became the first Reading players to be named to a World Cup roster.
Nearing the age of 38, Hahnemann was named by coach Bob Bradley to the United States' 2010 World Cup squad, as third choice behind Howard and Brad Guzan. Hahnemann made his ninth and final appearance for the U.S. in 2011.
Personal life
Marcus Hahnemann is a Republican; his wife Amanda is a Democrat. He keeps hens, and also enjoys mountain biking and hunting. Before matches he listens to heavy metal to psych himself up, and presented Five Finger Death Punch with a Wolves shirt emblazoned with a Remembrance Day poppy. He collaborated with the Reading-based band Malefice in early 2012 to release a song which will debut on Jägermeister UK's Facebook page in February 2012. Hahnemann is of German descent, his parents come from Wentorf bei Hamburg.
Although he did not have defective vision, Hahnemann wore special contact lenses to reduce the glare of the sun when he played. At Reading, he gifted every match jersey to fans after games; he also cut his sleeves due to personal preference when the manufacturers no longer provided short sleeves.
In April 2016, Hahnemann and his former USMNT goalkeeper teammate Kasey Keller became coaches of the boys' soccer team at Newport High School, his former school in Bellevue, Washington.
Career statistics
Bibliography
Marcus Hahnemann's Premiership Diary (2007), Know the Score Books ()
Honors
Seattle Sounders
League Championship
Winner: 1995, 1996
Reading
Football League Championship champions: 2005–06
United States
CONCACAF Gold Cup champions: 2005
References
External links
Official club profile
Marcus Hahnemann profile and career stats at footballdatabase.com
Marcus Hahnemann profile at ussoccer.com
Premier League profile
1972 births
Living people
American soccer players
Expatriate footballers in England
American expatriate sportspeople in England
Seattle Pacific Falcons men's soccer players
Seattle Sounders (1994–2008) players
Colorado Rapids players
Fulham F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Everton F.C. players
Seattle Sounders FC players
Association football goalkeepers
CONCACAF Gold Cup-winning players
2003 FIFA Confederations Cup players
2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2006 FIFA World Cup players
2010 FIFA World Cup players
2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
United States men's international soccer players
Major League Soccer players
Premier League players
English Football League players
A-League (1995–2004) players
Soccer players from Seattle
American expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
American people of German descent
Major League Soccer broadcasters
Association football coaches
Strategemata, or Stratagems, is a Latin work by the Roman author Frontinus (c. 40 – 103 AD). It is a collection of examples of military stratagems from Greek and Roman history, ostensibly for the use of generals. Frontinus is assumed to have written Strategemata towards the end of the first century AD, possibly in connection with a lost work on military theory.
Frontinus is best known as a writer on water engineering, but he had a distinguished military career. In Stratagems he draws partly on his own experience as a general in Germany under Domitian. However, most of the (more than five hundred) examples which he gives are less recent, for example he mentions the Siege of Uxellodunum in 51 BC. Similarities to versions in other Roman authors like Valerius Maximus and Livy suggest that he drew mainly on literary sources.
The work consists of four books, of which three are undoubtedly by Frontinus. The authenticity of the fourth book has been challenged.
Editions
References
External sources
Strategemata
Frontinus: The man and the works (LacusCurtius website): this source provides the Latin text and the English translation from the 1925 Loeb edition.
Latin military books
Military strategy books
1st-century Latin books
Nina Micić (, born 30 January 1991 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian snowboarder. She won a silver medal at the 2007 European Youth Winter Olympic Festival in the parallel giant slalom event. She is the first Serbian athlete who won a medal at the Winter EYOF. Nina qualified for 2014 Winter Olympics and became first Serbian Olympic snowboarder in history.
Career highlights
Nina represents Serbia in the World Championships, World Cup and Winter Universiade.
Personal life
Nina's younger brother Vasilije Micić is a professional basketball player. She has been dating Luka Mitrović who is a professional basketball player also; she gave birth to their first child in February 2022.
References
External links
Nina Micić at fis-ski.com
1991 births
Living people
Serbian female snowboarders
Sportspeople from Kraljevo
Snowboarders at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic snowboarders of Serbia
Claudio Zanier (born 1942) is an Italian historian specialising in the history of East Asia and South East Asia, and in the history of silk, in particular.
Career
Zanier is a historian specialising in the history of East and South East Asia. He has held academic positions in Italy, and has been a visiting research at many institutions. \
He was a Assistant Professor in Political Economy, at Rome University, 1968-1974; Associate Professor (Tenured), History of East and South East Asia, Dept. of Modern and Contemporary History, University of Pisa, 1975-2012, Associate Professor (Temporary), Industrial Archeology, Corso diLaurea in Conservazione dei BeniCulturali, Università di Pisa, 1994-1998.
He had held several research fellowships: at the Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics, Pune (India), 1967-1968; the India Office Library and Records, London, 1979-1980; and School of Oriental and African Studies, London, 1983-1984; Scientific Coordinator for Italy, Silk Cultural Itineraries, Council of Europe, Strasbourg, 1991-2000; Visiting Professor, Institute for Economic Research, Hitotsubashi University, Tokyo, 1999-2000; Chercheur Associé, Ecole des Hautes Etudes enSciences Sociales, Centre de Recherches Historiques, Paris, 2003-2006; Founding Member: AIPAI - Associazione Italiana per l'Archeologia Industriale (Italian Association for Industrial Archaeology) 2004. Now retired from the University of Pisa, he is a visiting scholar at the China National Silk Museum, focusing on the history of silk.
Selected publications
1975 Accumulazione esviluppo economico in Giappone - dalla fine del XVI alla fine del secolo [Japanese Economic Development, 16th to 19th Century], Einaudi, Torino 1975."
1980 "Japanese periodicals in Italian public libraries - a preliminary note", Bulletin of the European Association for Japanese Studies, n. 15, December 1980.
1984 "Silk Culture in Western India: the "Mutti Experiment" (1830-1847)", Indian Economic and Social History Review, 21, 4, 1984.
1986 "Japan and the 'Pebrine' crisis of European sericulture during the 1860s", Bonner Zeitschrift für Japanologie, 8, 1986.
1989 "Japan as a newcomer in the world silk market: the European assessment (1848-1898)", Rivista internazionale di scienze economiche e commerciali, XXXVI, n. 1, 1989.
1990 "Rerouting the Silk Road via San Francisco. Italian Entrepreneurs and the Silk Crisis of the 1850s",in Storia Nordamericana, 7 (1990), I, pp. 105–116.
1993 Alla ricerca del seme perduto. Sulla via della seta tra scienza e speculazione (1858-1862) [Italian silk traders in China and India, 1858-1862], Angeli, Milano 1993.
1994 Where the roads met. East and West in the Silk Production Processes (17th to 19th Centuries), Kyoto 1994.
1994 "Current historical research into the silk industry in Italy", in Textile History, 25 (1994), I, pp. 61–78.
1996 "Tradition and Change in the Early Marketing of Japanese Silkworm Eggs: The First large-scale Japanese Inroad into Western Markets (1863-1875)", in S. Metzger-Court, W. Pascha (eds), Japan's Socio-Economic Evolution. Continuity and Change, Japan Library (Curzon Press), Folkestone (U.K.), 1996, pp. 50–65.
1999 "The valorisation of silk heritage in Italy: building viable tourist itineraries around historical uniqueness", Actes du Colloque Patrimoine industriel etsociété locale: identités, valorisation, emploi, Le Creusot, 24 - 25 octobre 1996, Patrimoinede l' industrie, 2, 1999, pp. 9–14.
1999 "L'art de la soie, Pour la Science" - N° Special / Fibres Textiles, 266, Déc. 1999, pp. 44–49.
2000 (with Molà, L., Mueller, R.C.), La seta in Italia dal Medioevo al Seicento - Dal baco al drappo, [Silk in Italy from Middle Ages to 17th Century] Fondazione Giorgio Cini. Marsilio. Venezia 2000.
2000 "I cicli di produzione nellecarte da parati cinesi del Castello di Govone", in Il Castello di Govone - Gliappartamenti, [18th Century Chinese wall-papers with silk-cycle motives in a Piedmont, Italy, Castle] CELID, Torino 2000, pp. 60–75.
2001 "Italian silk traders in Japan at the time of pebrine silkworm epidemics (1861-1880)" in Sericultural Exchange between Italy and Japan in the Middle of 19th Century - Mazzocchi, Shimamura and ItalianSilk Costumes, Nippon Silk Center, Gunma 2001, pp. 41–50.
2001 "Kinu bôeki to shoki no Nichi-I Kôryû, in Bakumatsu Ishin to Gaikô", Bakumatsu Ishin Ronshû 7, Yoshikawa Kôbunkan, Tokyô 2001, pp. 286–315. .
2001 "Il tempo di Odorico e la Seta, in: La Cina e la Via della Seta nel viaggio di Odorico da Pordenone", [Silk in the Times of Odoric's travel to China], Comune di Pordenone, Pordenone 2001, pp. 62–88.
2002 "The Worldwide Web of Silk Production, 1300-2000", Paper presented to the XIIIth International Conference of Economic History, Buenos Ayres, July 2002.
2003 "Ėchanges, appropriation et diffusion detechnologies d' origine étrangère au Japon: Le cas de la sériciculture et de l' industrie de la soie (1860-1900)", Ebisu, Maison Franco-Japonaise, 31, Tokyo,December 2003, pp. 5-25. ISSN 1340-3656.
2005 "Pre-Modern European Silk Technology and East Asia: Who Imported What?" in Ma Debin (ed.), Textiles in the Pacific, 1500-1900, Ashgate Variorum, Aldershot (UK), 2005, pp. 105–189.
2006 "Semai. Setaioli italiani in Giappone (1861-1880), [Italian Silk Entrepreneurs in Japan, 1861-1880] CLEUP, Padova 2006.
2007 "La fabrication de la soie: un domaine réservé auxfemmes", Travail, genre et sociétés, 18, 2007, pp. 111–130.
2008 Setaioli italiani in Asia. Imprenditori della seta in Asia Centrale dal 1859 al 1871 [Italian Silk Entrepreneurs in Central Asia, 1859-1871], CLEUP, Padova, 2008.
2009 "Italian documents on Central Asia: The papers of Giulio Adamoli (1869-1870)", Eurasian Studies, VII/1-2, 2009 (2010), pp. 87–123.
2010 "Le donne e il ciclo della seta [Women and the silk production cycle], in Percorsi di lavoro e progetti di vita femminili (a cura di A. Martinelli e L. Savelli), Felici Editore, Pisa 2010, pp. 25-46.
2010 "The Migration of the Silk Cycle from China: a Comprehensive View", Paper presented to the International Meeting on Historical Systems of Innovation – The Culture of Silk in the Early Modern World (14th to 18th Century). Max-Planck-Institut fuer Wissenschaftgeschichte, Berlin, 17.12.2010
2012 “Senza la barriera delle Alpi. La seta e l'eredità intellettuale di Matthieu Bonafous Tra Lyon e Torino”. English Translation: “Overcoming the Barrier of the Alps. Silk and the Intellectual Legacy of Matthieu Bonafous between Lyons and Turin”, CROMOHS, Cyber Review of Modern Historiography, 17, 2012, Firenze University Press.
2013 "La Cina delle manifatture come modello esterno per le élite piemontesi del ‘700. Le carte da parati del castello di Govone", [Chinese Manufactures in Govone's Castle Wallpapers. A model to 18th Century Piedmont Ruling Class], in Pazzagli, Rossano (acura di), Il mondo a metà. Studi storici sul territorio el'ambiente in onore di Giuliana Biagioli, ETS, Pisa 2013, pp. 329–336.
External links
Claudio Zanier on the China National Silk Museum website
Claudio Zanier on Academia
Claudio Zanier on Worldcat
References
1942 births
Living people
20th-century Italian historians
Silk Road
21st-century Italian historians
The 2020–21 Austrian Cup was the 90th edition of the national cup in Austrian football. The champions of the cup earn a place in the 2021–22 Europa League play-off round.
Red Bull Salzburg were the defending champions after winning the competition in the previous season by defeating Austria Lustenau in the final.
Times up to 25 October 2020 and from 28 March 2021 were CEST (UTC+2), and times from 26 October 2020 to 27 March 2021 were CET (UTC+1).
First round
Thirty–one first round matches were played between 28 August and 30 September 2020.
Second round
16 second round matches were played between 16 October and 14 November 2020.
Third round
Eight third round matches were played between 14 November and 16 December 2020.
Quarter-finals
The four quarter-final matches were played between 5 and 7 February 2021.
Semi-finals
The semi-final matches were played on 3 March 2021.
Final
The final was played on 1 May 2021.
Top goalscorers
See also
2020–21 Austrian Football Bundesliga
References
Austrian Cup seasons
Cup
Austrian Cup
Croatian Music Institute (, HGZ) is the oldest music institution in Croatia. Also, after the Vatroslav Lisinski Concert Hall, it is the second most important concert hall in Zagreb.
It was founded in 1827 under title of "Musikverein" and has had different purposes through the years: organizing concerts in its concert hall, founding a music school (today the Zagreb Academy of Music), publishing the works of Croatian composers etc.
The concert hall is serving mainly for solo and chamber music concerts and is known for its outstandingly rich acoustic. Some of the most famous artists that have performed there are: Franz Liszt, Sviatoslav Richter, David Oistrakh, Mstislav Rostropovich and many others.
Croatian Music Institute presidents
Franjo Gašparić, (1886 - 1890)
Vladislav Cuculić, (1890 - 1892)
Julije Drohobeczky, (1893 - 1919)
Robert Siebenschein, (1919 - 1929)
Antun Goglia, (1929 - 1946)
Ivo Tijardović, (1946 - 1952)
Milan Žepić, (1952 - 1976)
Stjepko Humel, (1976 - 1991)
Andre Mohorovičić, (1991 - 2002)
Marcel Bačić, (2002 - 2018)
Niko Đurić, (2018)
Romana Matanovac Vučković, (2018 -)
References
External links
Lonely Planet
Music organizations based in Croatia
Organizations established in 1827
Music in Zagreb
1827 establishments in the Austrian Empire
Bahnamir (, also Romanized as Bahnemīr and Beh Namīr) is a city and capital of Bahnamir District, on the Caspian Sea, in Mazandaran Province of northern Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 6,836, in 1,813 families.
References
External links
Cities in Mazandaran Province
Populated places in Babolsar County
Populated places on the Caspian Sea
Populated coastal places in Iran
Peter Sliker (7 June 1925 – 25 June 2010) was an American operatic bass-baritone who had a lengthy career performing at the Metropolitan Opera from 1961 through 1989. He specialized in portraying comprimario roles and was admired for his comic timing. He has appeared on several Live from the Metropolitan Opera broadcasts and Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts.
Early life and education
Born in Jersey City, New Jersey to Harry and Ella Sliker, Sliker started studying music at a young age and began singing on local radio programs at the age of 7. After graduating from Henry Snyder High School, he enlisted in the United States Navy in 1942. He spent the majority of World War II serving in the Mumansk Run in the Northern part of the Atlantic Ocean. After the war, he took a job as a purser for the United States Lines shipping company; notably serving on the SS United States when it captured the trans-Atlantic speed record on 4 July 1952. In 1948 he married Myra Warren whom he later divorced.
While working for the United States Line, Sliker pursued university studies; first at Rutgers University and then Harvard University where he graduated from Phi Beta Kappa with a bachelor's degree in languages in 1950. He concurrently studied music at the New England Conservatory where he graduated with a bachelor's degree in vocal performance in 1951. He then lived in Cuba for a year to study languages further, by this time already having mastered six languages.
Singing career
In 1958 Sliker made his debut at Carnegie Hall in a sold out concert of Bach chamber music where he performed cantata Tritt auf die Glaubensbahn, BWV 152 under the baton of Václav Nelhýbel. He returned to the recital hall at that concert house for his New York City recital debut on March 7, 1959 where he performed a program of Bach, Joseph Haydn, and Johann Rosenmüller works. The New York Times music critic John Briggs wrote of his performance: "Mr. Sliker revealed a resonant voice of good range and power, well in focus most of the time, smoothly and expressively handled, and with sufficient agility to negotiate the florid passages of the baroque music he performed. He made it evident that he is a performer with imagination, who understood quite well what the music on his program was about, and showed considerable skill in communicating it to his audience."
In 1959 Sliker joined the roster of singers at the New York City Opera where he appeared in a number of comprimario roles through 1961. He notably portrayed one of the Seven Deadly Sins in the world premiere of Hugo Weisgall's Six Characters in Search of an Author on April 26, 1959 and sang in the 1959 production and cast recording of Douglas Moore's The Ballad of Baby Doe with Beverly Sills in the title role. In 1960 Sliker was a soloist in a performance of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Litaniae de venerabili altaris sacramento with the Boston Symphony Orchestra under conductor Hugh Ross at the Tanglewood Music Festival.
In 1961 Sliker was invited by Rudolf Bing to join the roster of singers at the Metropolitan Opera. He made his debut with the company on November 29, 1961 as one of the noblemen in Richard Wagner's Lohengrin with Sándor Kónya in the title role, Ingrid Bjoner as Elsa, Margaret Harshaw as Ortrud, Randolph Symonette as Telramund, Jerome Hines as King Heinrich, and Joseph Rosenstock conducting. He appeared annually at the Met through 1989 in a large number of character roles, including Ambrogio in The Barber of Seville, a Croupier in Manon, Forester in Don Carlo, the Gardener in La traviata, the Guard in Rigoletto, Handsome in La Fanciulla del West, Jankel in Arabella, a Lackey in Der Rosenkavalier, the Sergeant in La Bohème, the Steersman in La Gioconda, and a Villager in Pagliacci. On September 16, 1966 he appeared as the Sentinel in the world premiere of Samuel Barber's Antony and Cleopatra for the opening of the new Metropolitan Opera House with Leontyne Price as Cleopatra and Justino Díaz as Anthony. On March 18, 1977 he sang the role of the Physician in the Met's first staging of Alban Berg's Lulu with Carole Farley in the title role. His final and 509th Met appearance was as Guccio in Puccini's Gianni Schicchi on December 16, 1989 with Bruno Pola in the title role, Hei-Kyung Hong as Lauretta, and James Levine conducting.
Later life
Sliker lived in retirement in Helena, Montana at the Waterford retirement community. His last public performance was in Helena during the mid-1990s when he performed for a benefit concert at the Myrna Loy Center for the Performing and Media Arts. He died at the age of 86 in Helena and is buried at the Lower Valley Union Cemetery in Califon, New Jersey.
References
External links
1925 births
2010 deaths
American opera singers
American sailors
Henry Snyder High School alumni
Harvard University alumni
New England Conservatory alumni
Operatic bass-baritones
Musicians from Jersey City, New Jersey
Rutgers University alumni
United States Navy officers
Classical musicians from New York (state)
Classical musicians from New Jersey
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Singers from New Jersey
Military personnel from New Jersey
Janni Howker is a British writer of adult and children's fiction who has adapted her own books for the screen. She has worked across the UK running creative writing workshops for adults and children, and is involved in several arts development programmes.
Life
Howker was born in Cyprus to a British military family with Lancashire roots. She lives in a cottage near the "very remote" Scottish border, and several of her books are set in the region, which she calls "my inspiration". The most important may be Martin Farrell, which features a boy caught in the midst of the bloody feuds of the Border Reivers.
Awards
The Nature of the Beast won the 1985 Whitbread Children's Book Award.
For The Nature of the Beast and again next year for Isaac Campion in 1986, Howker was a highly commended runner-up for the annual Carnegie Medals from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. (From 1979 to 2002 the distinction was approximately annual, with 29 high commendations in a 24-year period including Howker alone for both 1985 and 1986.)
International Reading Award
Tom-Gallon Award
Observer Teenage Fiction Award
Somerset Maugham Award
Works
The U.S. review service Kirkus Reviews covered at least three of Howker's books (‡). Badger on the Barge and The Topiary Garden garnered starred reviews and the service called Isaac Campion "another glowing novel" and "unforgettable".
Novels
The Nature of the Beast (Julia MacRae Books, 1985)
Isaac Campion (MacRae, 1986)‡
Martin Farrell (MacRae, 1994)
Short fiction
Badger on the Barge (MacRae, 1984)‡ —collection of five stories (200pp), short-listed for both the Whitbread Children's Book Award and the Carnegie Medal
The Topiary Garden (MacRae, 1993)‡ —one story from Badger on the Barge, illustrated by Anthony Browne (64pp)
Walk with a Wolf (Walker, 1997) —children's picture book illustrated by Sarah Fox-Davies
"Mud" —short story
See also
References
External links
Janni Howker at Library of Congress Authorities — with 7 catalogue records
British children's writers
People from Cumbria
Living people
Alumni of Lancaster University
Alumni of Cartmel College, Lancaster
Year of birth missing (living people)
British women children's writers
The Mount Augustus spiny-tailed gecko (Strophurus wilsoni), also known commonly as the Mount Augustus striped gecko and Wilson's spiny-tailed gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Diplodactylidae. The species is endemic to Australia.
Etymology
The specific name, wilsoni, is in honor of Australian herpetologist Stephen Karl "Steve" Wilson.
Geographic range
S. wilsoni is found in western Western Australia.
Habitat
The natural habitat of S. wilsoni is shrubland.
Reproduction
S. wilsoni is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Cogger H (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
Ellis RJ, Doughty P, Bauer AM (2018). "An annotated type catalogue of the geckos and pygopods (Squamata: Gekkota: Carphodactylidae, Diplodactylidae, Gekkonidae, Pygopodidae) in the collection of the Western Australian Museum". Records of the Western Australian Museum 33: 051–094.
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28–153. (Strophurus wilsoni, p. 115). (in German).
Storr GM (1983). "Two new lizards from Western Australia (genera Diplodactylus and Lerista)". Rec. Western Australian Mus. 11 (1): 59–62. (Diplodactylus wilsoni, new species).
Wilson, Steve; Swan, Gerry (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
Strophurus
Geckos of Australia
Reptiles described in 1983
Taxa named by Glen Milton Storr
Bronze and Sunflower () is a Chinese children's novel written by Cao Wenxuan and was first published in 2005. The novel is set in the Cultural Revolution. It is a story of friendship between Bronze, a mute peasant boy, and Sunflower, the young daughter of an artist sent to a May Seventh Cadre School.
It has won numerous awards and commendations in China, and has been translated into several languages.
Plot
Bronze is a young mute boy, the only son of the poorest family in the village. Sunflower is a young girl, taken in by Bronze's family when she is orphaned. The story follows their lives in the village of Damaidi, highlighting family values against the hardships of rural life. It is one of a series of books set in the same region at the same time.
Translations
Bronze and Sunflower has been translated into several languages since its publication in 2006. Following is a list containing information about the translated works. Bronze and Sunflower is Cao's first novel to be translated into English. The translation was conducted by the British translator Helen Wang, and was published in 2015 in the UK and 2016 in the US. An account of this book's publishing history was published in Publishing Perspectives in 2018.
Audiobooks
Bronze and Sunflower, narrated by Ming-Zhu Hii
Bronze and Sunflower (English), narrated by Emily Woo Zeller
Reception
Bronze and Sunflower has received mainly positive reviews from critics.
Evanston Public Library: 101 Great Books for Kids list
New York Times Book Review Notable Children's Books of the Year 2017
Publishers Weekly Best Books of the Year
YALSA Best Fiction for Young Adults (nominee)
ALSC Notable Children's Books nominee
Booklist Top 10 Historical Fiction for Youth
2017 Marsh Award for Children's Literature in Translation
Junior Library Guild Selection Best Multicultural Books
The Wall Street Journal's Best Children's Books of 2017
Freeman Award - 2017 Winner – Young Adult/Middle School Literature
Reviews
The following are a selection of reviews:
The Horn Book (04/06/2017): "The author does not shy away from heartbreaking events such as famine, storm devastation, and the loss of loved ones, resulting in a moving and at times shockingly honest account...Translator Wang manages successfully the difficult tasks of maintaining the stylistic integrity of the original text and achieving a high level of readability in her translation."
School Library Journal (01/26/2017): "The landscape, captured in lyrical, evocative prose, takes the leading role in this episodic novel set during China's Cultural Revolution...This beautifully written depiction of a time and place not often seen in children's literature makes for a strong purchase."
Buffalo News (04/06/2017): "Two lonely children, scarred by tragedy, form an inseparable bond in this lovely novel from a beloved Chinese author set in the Chinese countryside during the Cultural Revolution."
Publishers Weekly (starred review) (12/19/2016): "Hans Christian Andersen Award–winner Wenxuan's moving story of a friendship between two lonely Chinese children, orphaned Sunflower and mute Bronze, bears all the elements of a classic: an inviting and solidly constructed setting, a close-knit family, and a kindhearted community (there's even a pet buffalo)."
Booklist (starred review) (01/05/2017): "Virtuous and kind, Bronze and Sunflower's family reflects important cultural values including filial piety, respect for elders, the value of hard work and education, and the importance of saving face. This not-to-be-missed story reminds us to be thankful for family and love, no matter our station in life. Helpful back matter provides additional insight into this specific time in China's history."
Bookpage (03/08/2017): "Told in spare yet glimmering prose, this story is a testament to all that love and loyalty are able to overcome... In a time when our divisions seem to be drawn more forcefully than ever, Bronze and Sunflower's unlikely bond serves as a beacon of hope."
Plain Dealer (04/12/2017): "The constant hardships of rural poverty are balanced by selflessness, love and the beauty of nature. The story's ending is both heartbreaking and transcendent, reminiscent of the best fairy tales."
Kirkus Reviews (starred review): "In Wang's translation of his leisurely, languid prose, Hans Christian Andersen winner Cao captures both the infinite joys and harsh realities of rural farming life...While seemingly idealized, the story and its protagonists reflect the Confucian values of filial piety and society above self—the very foundation of Chinese culture. Readers of all ages should be prepared to laugh, cry, and sigh with satisfaction."
The Wall Street Journal (03/15/2017): "Capturing a distinct time and place as well as moments of bittersweet universality, this vivid and accessible novel for 9- to 12-year-olds would make for a superb family read-aloud."
The New York Times Book Review (05/17/2017): "To read [Bronze and Sunflower's] adventures is to be embedded in the Chinese countryside — for good and bad. The daily circumstances of their lives may be different from those of American children, but the emotions and relationships are universal."
Shelf Awareness Pro (03/09/2017): "The details about rural Chinese life are a revelation...Cao shows English-speaking readers a foreign world where time is measured in the seasonal comings and goings of the swallows, but also a familiar one where the fabric of family is woven from shared hopes and unexpected acts of kindness."
A Fuse #8 Production (blog) (03/30/2017): "Ideal for bookclubs, this is one of the finest translations I've ever encountered and undeniably the best Chinese middle grade novel I've ever read."
School Library Connection (01/11/2017): "These beautiful moments of love abounding in the midst of hardship and poverty are timeless and will appeal to all readers."
The Washington Post (21/11/2019): The best children's books of 2019, selected by Erin Entrada Kelly: "The novel centers on two children - Bronze, a mute peasant boy, and Sunflower, the daughter of an artist - who are growing up in the wetlands of the northern Jiangsu province during China's Cultural Revolution. It's not enough to say this is a story of friendship and family, because it's much more than that. It's a story of loyalty, sacrifice and community, and what it means when you love the people in your life more than you love yourself."
Awards
References
2005 children's books
Chinese children's novels
2005 Chinese novels
Novels set in the 1960s
Novels set in the 1970s
Novels about the Cultural Revolution
Novels about friendship
Novels about orphans
Chinese historical novels
Simon Curtis may refer to:
Simon Curtis (actor), American actor, singer-songwriter, and record producer
Simon Curtis (filmmaker), British film director and producer
Simon John Curtis, British farrier, author and lecturer
Simon Curtis (author), British author and educationalist
Destiny Waltz may refer to:
A composition by Sydney Baynes
A novel by Gerda Charles
Mitchell Krueger (born January 12, 1994) is an American tennis player.
Krueger has a career-high singles ranking by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) of world No. 135, achieved on 18 July 2022. He also has a career-high ATP doubles ranking of world No. 173, achieved on 27 April 2015.
Professional career
Krueger received a wildcard into the 2012 US Open mixed doubles event, where he partnered fellow American Samantha Crawford, but lost in the first round.
He made his ATP Tour main-draw debut and recorded first win when he qualified and defeated Benoît Paire for a first of two wins of his career at the 2017 Western & Southern Open and the 2018 BNP Paribas Open.
He made his Grand Slam debut when he qualified into the main draw of the 2018 US Open.
At the 2019 Australian Open, Krueger qualified for the first time at this major but lost to world No. 1, Novak Djokovic, in the first round.
His first Grand slam win was at the 2020 US Open where he defeated Pedro Sousa in the first round as a wildcard.
At the 2022 Delray Beach Open, he reached the second round, defeating Jordan Thompson for his fourth ATP Tour-level win before losing to third seed Grigor Dimitrov.
World TeamTennis
Mitchell enters his second season with World TeamTennis in 2020, after making his debut with the Philadelphia Freedoms in 2019. It was announced he joined the Springfield Lasers during the 2020 WTT season that began on July 12.
Performance timeline
Singles
Current through the 2022 San Diego Open.
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 15 (6–9)
Doubles: 24 (8 titles, 16 runner-ups)
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Sportspeople from Fort Worth, Texas
Sportspeople from Boca Raton, Florida
Tennis people from Texas
The Stowmarket Guncotton Company was an explosives company established in the 19th century by Messrs Prentice that operated a gun-cotton factory in Stowmarket, Suffolk, England. The factory was the scene of an explosion in 1871 that claimed the lives of 28 people.
History
Establishment and explosion
Gun cotton was developed as an explosive in the mid-19th century and many of the initial factories discontinued production soon after due to the volatility of the substance during manufacture. British War Office chemist Sir Frederick Abel began thorough research at Waltham Abbey Royal Gunpowder Mills leading to a manufacturing process that eliminated the impurities in nitrocellulose making it safer to produce and a stable product safer to handle. Abel's patented method was used at the Stowmarket factory.
Thomas Prentice & Company began manufacturing guncotton in Stowmarket in at a newly built factory on the banks of the River Gipping. The Prentice family was prominent in Stowmarket at the time and operated a number of other businesses including a gasworks, corn and coal merchants, maltsters and a Chemical Works (producing fertiliser).
On 11 August 1871 an explosion destroyed the factory killing 28 people. The factory was under the control of Patent Safety Gun-Cotton Company at the time of the explosion.
Rebuilding and later history
After the explosion the factory was rebuilt in 1872 and the new company operated as the Stowmarket Guncotton Company, Ltd. In 1881 the company became The Explosives Company Limited after being sold by the Prentice family in 1880, and in 1885 it was again renamed as The New Explosives Company, Limted (NEC).
Between 1896 and 1898 the factory was again expanded and began to manufacture other explosives such as cordite. In the following years the factory expanded further partly due to government safety regulations and the introduction of more products including smokeless powder for shotguns, rifles and revolvers.
In 1907 the company was acquired by Nobel Explosives following a decline in the business from a price collapse in explosives. During first world war the factory made Stowmarket a target, and on 31 March 1916 was the intended destination for the German Zeppelin L13; it was hit with anti-aircraft fire prior to reaching the town and retreated.
In 1918 following the first world war demand for explosives again dropped and the factory began producing industrial lacquers and was again renamed as Necol Industrial Collodions Ltd. Nobel later merged with a number of other companies to form Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) who continued to use the factory site. The cordite works, located on the east side of the railway line, became disused. In 1972 ICI invested in the Stowmarket site to create its "Premier Whites Plant".
Legacy
Parts of the site are still currently used as paint factories operated by AkzoNobel (who acquired ICI) and PPG Industries. The AkzoNobel factory manufactures Dulux brand paint and the PPG site produces automotive paints.
The significance of the produce of the factory in the town has led to a street in a 21st-century-built housing estate near to the site of the factory to be named Gun Cotton Way.
See also
Prentice Brothers Limited
References
Stowmarket
19th century in Suffolk
20th century in Suffolk
Explosives manufacturers
British companies established in 1863
Unión Club Ceares is a Spanish football team based in the neighbourhood of Ceares, Gijón, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1946, it plays in Segunda División RFEF – Group 1, holding home games at Campo de La Cruz, which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.
History
Early years
The club was founded in 1946 as a merger of two clubs: Fortuna and Reconquista. In 1965 and being Mr. José Ramón Elvira Sastre the president, UC Ceares promotes for the first time to Tercera División, but finished in the last position, being subsequently relegated. Ceares continued playing in regional divisions until 1986, year that the team returned to Tercera División and played in it two years.
2000s: Comeback to Tercera División
In the seasons 2001–02 and 2002–03, Ceares achieved two consecutive promotions from Primera Regional to Tercera División with Rogelio García as head coach. He would coach UC Ceares during six consecutive seasons, with a break in 2007, remaining in Tercera starting the longest streak of the club in this division.
In 2007, former Real Sporting footballer José Antonio Redondo replaced him until 2009, when he resigned. With Redondo at the helm, on 5 April 2008, Ceares earned a 1–1 away draw in the last minute against Asturian powerhouse Oviedo and qualified for the semi-finals of the Asturian tournament of the RFEF Cup, where they were eliminated by Langreo.
Rogelio would take the team again until the end of the 2008–09 season. After that season, Florentino Angulo was hired as new manager. Angulo managed Ceares until 2012.
2010s: "People's football" project and promotion playoffs
Before the 2011–12 season, a new board takes the control of the club and gives it a new philosophy based on a claim of social and people's sport and criticism the actual business in football. For this philosophy, Ceares board inspired on English football and clubs like St. Pauli or United of Manchester.
The 2013–14 season was the 14th of the club in this league (the 11th consecutive one) and the second of Nacho Cabo as manager. Ceares started the season with only one defeat in the first fifteen games, earning 34 points, which allowed the club to lead the table during two weeks, after a win at L'Entregu CF by 1–3 in its 500th game in Tercera.
Finally, Ceares qualified for the promotion playoffs to Segunda División B in the last week, after winning by 0–3 to Luarca CF. The team finished in the third position with 74 points, 21 wins, 54 goals scored and only 31 allowed. All these numbers were records in the history of the club.
In the first round, Ceares dropped Águilas by 2–1 in the aggregate. In the first leg, the brickers earned a draw by 1–1 thanks to a goal of Pablo Martínez in the 87th minute. Martínez also scored the only goal in the second game. This was the second time La Cruz registered an attendance of 1,500 fans. The first one was in 2003, when Oviedo visited the field for the first time.
Ceares faced Trival Valderas, the champion of the group of Madrid, in the second round, but was widely defeated in the first leg, played in Gijón, by 0–3. The team earned a 2–2 draw at Alcorcón, in a game where Borja Noval missed a penalty when the game was 2–1 for the brickers.
On 30 August 2014, Bryan Jiménez became the first Ceares player who played an international game. He made his debut with the Dominican Republic national team in a lost friendly against El Salvador.
In 2015, Ceares signed a collaboration agreement with women's football club Gijón FF for sharing La Cruz stadium and to create a youth academy for boys and girls.
2020–present: promotion to Segunda División RFEF
In the 2020–21 season, the one with a two-staged format, Ceares ended the first leg of the regular season as champion of one of the two subgroups. On 2 May 2021, Ceares had the option to directly promote to the newly created Segunda División RFEF, that would replace the Segunda División B, by defeating San Martín at home. However, they had to wait one more week as they were widely beaten by 1–4. Seven days later, Ceares clinched the Tercera División title and promotion after beating 0–2 in a do-or-die match at L'Entregu.
The first win in the new league arrived at round 3, after defeating Arenteiro by 2–0. However, a long streak of losses quickly demoted the team to the last position. On 30 November 2021, Ceares made its debut in the Copa del Rey, by facing local powerhouse Sporting de Gijón. The match was played at El Molinón, as La Cruz did not meet the requirements of the RFEF for hosting matches of this competition, and finished with a 0–1 defeat.
Stadium
During the 1960s, UC Ceares played its matches in the old pitch of Los Fresno, in Viesques, neighbourhood of Gijón. This location is today occupied by a school. During some years, due to not having an own stadium, played its matches in several fields until the current Campo de La Cruz was built in the 1970s.
The pitch is made of natural grass and has dimensions of 99 by 65 meters. The stadium has got a lateral tribune, improved in 2004, with 250 seats. It's located in Parque de Los Pericones in Gijón.
The stadium was used also by Gijón FF, for playing the 2005–06 Superliga Femenina, the only season the club played in the top women's league in Spain. It came back to La Cruz in 2018.
In April 2017, Ceares agreed with the Gijón Town Hall the renovation of the facilities and the construction of a second pitch made of artificial turf for Gijón FF and the youth teams of the club. However, due to some controversies in the city, the Town Hall preferred to build the second pitch in other area of the neighbourhood.
One year later, Ceares authorised Gijón FF to play its games in the women's second division at La Cruz.
In July 2019, the Town Hall of Gijón refused to continue with the project of the new pitch mainly for the women's team and only offered Ceares to renovate La Cruz by building a new tribune and changing the pitch of natural grass for one made of artificial turf. This proposal was widely rejected by the club members.
In 2020, the building of the lockers and club office and the kop, both located behind the goal, were reformed.
Kit manufacturers and shirt sponsors
Current squad
Season to season
Source
1 season in Segunda División RFEF
21 seasons in Tercera División
Awards and trophies
1 Tercera División: 2020–21
Statistics and records
In Segunda División RFEF
Updated as of the end of the 2021–22 season.
Best position: 18th (2021–22).
Record home win: 2–0 vs Arenteiro.
Consecutive games undefeated: 2.
Consecutive games without goals against: 2.
Top scorer: Óscar Fernández (9 goals).
Most games played: Héctor Zuazua (33 games).
Coach with more games: Pablo Busto (34 games).
In Tercera División
Updated as of the end of the 2020–21 season.
Best position: 1st (2020–21).
Consecutive season in Tercera División: 17th (2003–04 to 2019–20).
Record home win: 6–0 vs Condal (2017–18).
Record away win: 0–4 vs Llanes (2012–13), 1–5 vs Siero (2019–20).
Consecutive games undefeated: 13 (2020–21).
Consecutive wins: 7 (2020–21).
Consecutive games without goals against: 5 (2009–10 and 2020–21).
Top scorer: Jimmy (47 goals).
Most games played: Juan Carlos (295 games, including playoffs).
Coach with more games: In Tercera División: Nacho Cabo (156 games, including playoffs).
Most capped players
Below is a list of the ten players with the most caps for Ceares in national leagues, Copa del Rey and Copa RFEF, as of the 2021–22 season. Players in bold are currently playing at Ceares.
Top goalscorers
Below is a list of the top ten goalscorers for Ceares in national leagues, Copa del Rey and Copa RFEF, as of the 2021–22 season. Players in bold are currently playing at Ceares.
Famous players
Salvador Capín
Francisco Javier Castaño
Adrián Colunga
Dani Peláez
Josu Uribe
Bryan Jiménez
Head coaches
All official games are counted.
Memorial Pepe Ortiz
Since 2011, UC Ceares starts the pre-season playing a friendly trophy called Memorial Pepe Ortiz in hommage of the former player of Sporting de Gijón from 1949 to 1963, considered as the best player of the history of the neighbourhood.
Agreed and affiliated teams
Aboño
Since July 2019, Cultural Deportiva de Aboño acts as the reserve team of Ceares.
The club, founded in 1929 in Aboño, Carrió, Carreño, currently plays in Segunda Regional, seventh and last tier, and in its best years reached the Regional Preferente, fifth division.
Season to season (as reserve team)
Gijón FF
Gijón Fútbol Femenino is the only women's football team of Gijón that played in the Superliga.
In 2015, Gijón FF started to act as de facto's women's section of Ceares and both created the Mixed Football Academy.
Veriña
Veriña Club de Fútbol, located in the namesake parish, is one of the most important youth football teams in the city. The collaboration agreement started in 2020, during the months Ceares had to play at Estadio Lloreda due to the improvement works at La Cruz.
References
External links
Official website
Futbolme team profile
BDFutbol team profile
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1946
1946 establishments in Spain
Sport in Gijón
Massaka may refer to:
Massaka people, an ethnic group of Brazil
Massaka language, a language of Brazil
Massaka (rapper), Turkish rapper
See also
Masaka (disambiguation)
Massacre (disambiguation)
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Sophie De Wit (born 28 August 1973 in Deurne) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009. On 6 July 2010 her membership came to an end as she became that day a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives after being elected in June 2010.
She has also been mayor of Aartselaar since 2013.
Notes
1973 births
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Paris 2 Panthéon-Assas University alumni
People from Aartselaar
People from Deurne, Belgium
Women mayors of places in Belgium
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Richard Henry Moore (14 November 1913 – 1 March 2002) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Hampshire. He holds the record for the highest score by a Hampshire cricketer in a first-class match.
Moore made his debut for Hampshire at the age of just 17 and went on to captain the county in 1936 and 1937. His innings of 316 was made at Bournemouth against Warwickshire in 1937 with three sixes and 43 fours.
External links
Dick Moore at CricketArchive
1913 births
2002 deaths
People from West Dorset District
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
Hampshire cricket captains
Gentlemen cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Alexandr Dolgopolov was the defending champion, but he chose to compete in 2010 International German Open instead.
Pablo Andújar won the tournament, beating Édouard Roger-Vasselin 6–4, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Trofeo Bellaveglia - Singles
Orbetello Challenger
The American Legion Post No. 127 Building is a historic meeting hall at the corner of Cherry and Armstrong Streets in Eudora, Arkansas. The single story vertical log building was built in 1934 by the Works Progress Administration in Rustic architecture style. The building has retained much of its interior and exterior finish.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chicot County, Arkansas
References
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1934
Buildings and structures in Chicot County, Arkansas
American Legion buildings
Rustic architecture in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Chicot County, Arkansas
Eudora, Arkansas
1934 establishments in Arkansas
Mu Se Township (; ) is a township of Mu Se District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. The principal town and administrative center is Muse. It is the terminus of Mandalay-Lashio-Muse road.
Geography
Muse is the biggest border trading point between Myanmar and China. It is the home of the Muse (105 Miles) Trading Zone. The trading zone is 370 acres wide and it is 6 miles from Muse. It was opened in April 2006. Ruili is the Chinese town opposite to Muse. Pang Hseng (Kyu Koke) and Mong Ko (Monekoe) are other important towns in the area.
Further reading
Myanmar: IDP Sites in Kachin and northern Shan States - Mimu
See also
Muse, Burma
References
External links
"Muse Township - Shan State" Map, 14 June 2010, Myanmar Information Management Unit (MIMU)
Townships of Shan State
Dell Li Hon Ho ( born on 14 July 1986 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Hong Kong Premier League club Tai Po.
Club career
On 30 May 2010, Li joined Pegasus as Yapp Hung Fai's replacement.
In June 2011, Li returned to Tai Po. Following Tai Po's relegation to the Second Division, Li joined newly promoted First Division side Eastern on 2 June 2013.
On 19 July 2019, Li moved to Lee Man. On 2 June 2020, Li was named on a list of departures from the club.
On 16 August 2020, Li revealed that he had retired from football upon the end of his contract with Lee Man. He is now an insurance broker.
International career
Since Li's performance was well in the club, head coaches of Hong Kong, Dejan Antonić and Goran Paulić, decided to pick him up into the main team squad. He played against Macau on 19 November 2008 in his one and only appearance for Hong Kong.
Career statistics
International career
As of 19 November 2008
Honours
Club
Sun Hei
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2004–05
Hong Kong FA Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06
Hong Kong League Cup: 2004–05
Tai Po
Hong Kong Premier League: 2018–19
Hong Kong First Division: 2015–16
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2012–13
Hong Kong FA Cup: 2008–09
Hong Kong Sapling Cup: 2016–17
Eastern
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2014–15
Hong Kong FA Cup: 2013–14
International
East Asian Games: 2009
Individual
Best Young Player: 2009
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Hong Kong footballers
Hong Kong First Division League players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Association football goalkeepers
Tai Po FC players
TSW Pegasus FC players
Eastern Sports Club footballers
Lee Man FC players
Hong Kong international footballers
Scopula moorei is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in India.
Subspecies
Scopula moorei moorei
Scopula moorei metarsia Prout, 1938
References
Moths described in 1888
moorei
Moths of Asia
Eric John Brunner (born July 1953) is professor of social and biological epidemiology and public health at University College London.
References
External links
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Eric_Brunner3
Academics of University College London
Living people
Alumni of the University of Exeter
Alumni of the University of London
1953 births
British epidemiologists
Alumni of University College London
Avaiki is one of the many names by which the peoples of Polynesia refer to their ancestral and spiritual homelands.
Samoa, Hawaii, Cook Islands
By no means certain, but certainly possible, is an origin in the large islands of Samoa, namely Savaii and Upolu. Variants include, in order of migration, Havaii, the old name for Raiatea in French Polynesia; the far better known Hawaii in the United States, Avaiki in the Cook Islands and Niue and Hawaiki in New Zealand.
There are endless local variants. In the Cook Islands, for example, on the capital island of Rarotonga, northern facing volcanic rocks, tumbling onto the shore millennia ago and still set in place, are well known as the ancient departure point for souls bound for Avaiki - the afterworld or heaven.
In fact each island, vaka or ngati (family line) has its own Avaiki or interpretation of it. For instance it would be somewhere in the Manu'a islands group (American Samoa) for the Ngati Karika (Te au o Tonga tribe - Rarotonga). For the Ngati Tangi'ia (Takitumu tribe-Rarotonga), it would be at Tahiti. Others locate Avaiki at Raiatea...
Mythology
In the mythology of Mangaia (Cook Islands), Avaiki is the "underworld" or "netherworld". It is described like a hollow of a vast coconut shell. Varima-te-takere, the mother of Vatea, lives in the lowest depths of the interior of this coconut shell (Tregear 1891:392). Nevertheless, the famous maori anthropologist Te Rangi Hīroa (Peter Buck), gives a less mystical interpretation of this mangaian Avaiki. According to him, "when Tangi'ia came to Rarotonga from Tahiti, he brought with him some rankless "manahune" (...) As they had no chance of rising in social status, some of them under the leadership of Rangi migrated to Mangaia to start a new life (c.1450-1475). Their antagonism toward Rarotonga made them conceal the land of origin and invent an origin from a spiritual homeland in the netherworld of Avaiki"
Solomon Islands connection
While the Solomon Islands is mostly considered Melanesia, the province of Rennell and Bellona is Polynesian. The province consists of Rennell Island, Bellona Island and the uninhabited Indispensable Reefs.
The locals call Rennell Island “MUNGAVA” and they call Bellona Island “MUNGIKI”. They then combine the last three letters of each Island and come up with a word called AVAIKI. If someone local does something silly you might hear someone say ‘That's the Avaiki way'. A further example of this nomenclature can also be evidenced with the identification of the name of the Province, Renbel which combines Rennell and Bellona. MV Renbel is also the name of the ferry that supplies the province from Honiara.
There is also a Rugby and Netball team on Rennell Island called Avaiki.
Notes
Islands of the Solomon Islands
Polynesian outliers
Mangaia mythology
Underworld
NGC 502, also occasionally referred to as PGC 5034 or UGC 922, is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Pisces. It is located approximately 113 million light-years from the Solar System and was discovered on 25 September 1862 by German astronomer Heinrich Louis d'Arrest.
When the Morphological Catalogue of Galaxies was published between 1962 and 1974, the identifications of NGC 502 and NGC 505 were reversed. In reality, NGC 502 is equal to MGC +01-04-041 and not MCG +01-04-043 as noted in the catalogue.
Observation history
Arrest discovered NGC 502 using an 11" reflecting telescope in Copenhagen. His position, which he measured on four separate nights, matches with both UGC 922 and PGC 5034. John Louis Emil Dreyer, creator of the New General Catalogue, described the galaxy as "considerably bright, small, round, brighter middle and nucleus".
See also
Elliptical galaxy
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
Pisces (constellation)
References
External links
SEDS
Lenticular galaxies
Pisces (constellation)
0502
00922
+01-04-041
005034
J01225553+0902570
Astronomical objects discovered in 1862
Discoveries by Heinrich Louis d'Arrest
Virginia's 21st congressional district is an obsolete congressional district. It was eliminated in 1843 after the 1840 U.S. Census. Its last Congressman was Lewis Steenrod.
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
21
Former congressional districts of the United States
1803 establishments in Virginia
1843 disestablishments in Virginia
Constituencies established in 1803
Constituencies disestablished in 1843
Stettfeld is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Haßberge (district)
United Nations Security Council resolution 679, adopted unanimously on 30 November 1990, after considering a report by the Secretary-General regarding the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the Council noted its efforts to establish a durable and just peace in the Middle East.
The resolution decided to call upon the parties concerned to immediately implement Resolution 338 (1973), it renewed the mandate of the Observer Force for another six months until 31 May 1991 and requested that the Secretary-General submit a report on the situation at the end of that period.
See also
Arab–Israeli conflict
Golan Heights
Israel–Syria relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0679
0679
Arab–Israeli peace process
0679
1990 in Syria
November 1990 events
Metro Detroit includes Christian, Muslim, Jewish, Hindu, Buddhist, and other groups.
According to a 2014 study, 67% of the population of Detroit identified themselves as Christians, with 49% professing attendance at Protestant churches, and 16% professing Roman Catholic beliefs, while 24% claim no religious affiliation. Other religions collectively make up about 8% of the population.
Christianity
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit is the Roman Catholic archdiocese serving Detroit. The Cathedral of the Most Blessed Sacrament is the seat of the Detroit archbishop.
As of 2010 many early 20th century and 19th century churches remain standing in the city. Karen Nagher, the executive director of "Preservation Wayne," referred to them as "churches any city would envy." The president of the Detroit chapter of the American Institute of Architects, Ray Cekauskas, stated that they were "one of the richest treasure troves of late 19th-century, ethnic-based churches anywhere in the country."
As of 2013 the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit had 96 schools with 30,000 students. As of 2013 there are four Catholic grade schools and three Catholic high schools in the City of Detroit, with all of them in the city's west side. Catholic high schools in the Detroit city limits include University of Detroit Jesuit High School and Academy, Loyola High School, and Detroit Cristo Rey High School (which replaced Holy Redeemer High School). Detroit Catholic Central High School was formerly in the Detroit city limits.
History of Christianity in Detroit
The first church founded in the city was Ste. Anne de Detroit Catholic Church, which opened in 1701. The current Sts. Peter and Paul Jesuit Church building opened in what is now Downtown Detroit in 1848; it is the oldest church building in Detroit that is still standing today. The current Christ Church of Detroit facility was built in what is now Downtown Detroit in 1863; it is the oldest Protestant church in Michigan that is still at its original site. The current St. Anne opened in 1886.
Mexicans and Mexican Americans began attending Holy Redeemer Catholic Church in Mexicantown in 1955. In 1955 the Primera Iglesia Bautista Mexicana ("First Baptist Mexican Church") opened and its membership was 200 families by 1960. The same congregation established a branch of the Lincoln Park Baptist Church, the Primera Iglesia Bautista del Sur (First Baptist Church of the South) that year. By 1960, the Holy Redeemer Elementary School had 200 Mexicans out of its 1,200 students. By 1961 the Holy Redemer church had established a Spanish language mass and it had 500 Mexican church worshipers.
As of the 1950s and 1960s other churches frequented by Mexican Americans and Mexicans included All Saints Church, Holy Cross Church in Delray, Most Holy Trinity, St. Anne's, St. Anthony, St. Boniface, St. Leo, and St. Vincent.
In the 1964-1965 school year, there were 360 schools operated by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit, with about 110 grade schools in Detroit, Hamtramck, and Highland Park and 55 high schools in those three cities. There were a total of 203,000 students in the Catholic schools. The Catholic school population has decreased due to the increase of charter schools, increasing tuition at Catholic schools, the small number of African-American Catholics, White Catholics moving to suburbs, and the decreased number of teaching nuns.
Religious TV program Jack Van Impe Ministries is broadcast from Rochester Hills.
Copts
St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church in Troy, Michigan is the religious center of the Copts. Pope Shenouda III laid the first cornerstone of the church. Construction began on May 1, 1977 and was completed in May 1979, with the first Holy Communion on May 8 of that year and consecration in 1981, from June 12 through June 14. The Coptic community is scattered across Metro Detroit, with many living far away from the church. Some members of the church live in northern Ohio.
Islam
Mosques in Dearborn include the Islamic Center of America and the Dearborn Mosque.
Judaism
As of 2001 about 96,000 Jewish Americans live in Metro Detroit. 75% of them live in Oakland County. Many are in walking distances to their synagogues. As of 2006 the Jews living in Windsor, Ontario live closer to Downtown Detroit than the Jewish communities within Metro Detroit.
Hinduism
As of 2013 Hindu temples and religious centers had been recently established in Detroit, Ada, Canton, Hamtramck, Livonia, Novi, Pontiac, Sterling Heights, and Troy. In 2012 a Hindu temple built for $11 million opened in Troy.
The Sri Venkateswara Temple and Cultural Center (SVTCC), built for $10 million, opened in Novi in 2013. It is the first Michigan Hindu temple to be named after a southern Indian deity. It had a temporary location for five years before it opened its permanent facility. As of 2013 the temple has a client base of about 3,000 people. The community operating the temple mostly comes from the Indians who speak Telugu. Many of them originate from Andhra Pradesh.
Buddhism
The Sacred Mountain Monastery-Linh Son Temple is located along 9 Mile Road in Warren. The operators are primarily Vietnamese Americans; many of them came to the United States because of the Vietnam War.
The Buddhist Meditation Center/Wat Paknam Michigan (), founded in 2009, is located in Sterling Heights.
Satanism
In 2014 a chapter of the Satanic Temple was established in Detroit, and the membership at the time was 20 people. As of 2014 the leader is Jex Blackmore, who was raised in Metro Detroit and had graduated from the University of Michigan. The Satanic Temple spokesperson, Lucien Greaves, originated from Metro Detroit as well. Greaves stated that the Satanic Temple chose Detroit as the site its flagship chapter house because of the city's history with artistic groups that acted against the status quo and its underdog reputation.
The group has not confirmed where the temple facility will be located. The group plans to erect a statue of the Devil; it would not be the first Devil statue in the city because in 1905 a German American named Herman Menz had built a statue there.
See also
Demographics of Metro Detroit
Interfaith Leadership Council of Metropolitan Detroit
References
Steifel, Barry. The Jewish Community of Metro Detroit 1945-2005. Arcadia Publishing, 2006. , 9780738540535.
Woodford, Arthur M. This is Detroit, 1701-2001. Wayne State University Press, 2001. , 9780814329146.
Reference notes
External links
Wat Paknam Michigan
Culture of Detroit
Metro Detroit
Anders Karlsson (born 1964 in Järna, Sweden) is a Swedish physicist who is working in scientific publishing.
Karlsson graduated 1987 from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm with a Master of Science degree in engineering physics. He received a Ph.D. in 1992 with a thesis on quantum noise in semiconductor lasers and laser amplifiers. In 2001 he became professor of quantum photonics at the Royal Institute of Technology, as part of a position as a special research fellow with the Swedish Research Council from 2001 to 2007. His research areas were quantum photonics and quantum information. In 2004, the multinational research project Karlsson coordinated, IST-QuComm, was awarded the Descartes Prize. The project had demonstrated that quantum cryptography could be used in practice for fundamentally secure communications.
Karlsson was Counselor for Science and Innovation at Embassy of Sweden in Tokyo from 2007 to 2012. In 2012 he joined Elsevier as Vice President of Global Strategic Networks, based in Tokyo, where he covers the Asia-Pacific region.
References
1964 births
Living people
Swedish physicists
KTH Royal Institute of Technology faculty
Elsevier people
People from Järna
Dasht () is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 437, in 141 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Four cable-laying ships have been named CS Alert:
, built 1871 as The Lady Carmichael for the Submarine Telegraph Company, taken over by the GPO in 1890 and renamed Alert, cable equipment removed 1915 and ship sold on.
, built 1918, sunk by torpedo 1945.
, built 1915 as an oil tanker named Nordenay, converted to a cable ship for the German navy 1922, given to the GPO as war reparations in 1945 and renamed Alert, scrapped 1960.
, built 1961 for the GPO.
See also
Alert (disambiguation), for other ships named Alert
References
Ship names
KZY was a radio station located in Oakland, California, that was licensed to the Atlantic-Pacific Radio Supplies Company from December 9, 1921, until its deletion on January 24, 1923. It, and the Preston D. Allen station, KZM, were the first broadcasting stations licensed to Oakland.
KZY was the successor to Experimental station 6XC, which dated to mid-1920, and which founder Lee de Forest suggested deserved credit as the "first radio-telephone station devoted solely" to broadcasting to the public. Including its predecessor, KZY's broadcasting history predated that of many better-known pioneer stations, including WWJ in Detroit, Michigan (started August 1920, originally as 8MK) and KDKA in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (debuted November 2, 1920 as 8ZZ).
6XC (California Theater station)
Radio station 6XC was established by radio inventor Lee de Forest following his March 1920 move from New York City to San Francisco. In late 1919, de Forest had restarted an experimental radio station, 2XG (also known as "The Highbridge station"), at his laboratory in New York City, in order to promote the DeForest Radio Telephone and Telegraph company and showcase developments in vacuum-tube technology. Beginning in November 1919, that station had featured a nightly broadcast of news and entertainment. However, in early 1920 de Forest moved 2XG's transmitter from the Bronx to Manhattan without first getting permission from the government, and due to this infraction the local District Radio Inspector ordered him to suspend the station's operations.
De Forest's response was to ship 2XG's 500-watt transmitter from New York to San Francisco, where it was used to start a new station, also operating under an Experimental license, now with the call sign 6XC. Ellery W. Stone made arrangements for the station to be located at the California Theater, thus 6XC was commonly referred to as "The California Theater Station". It began operating in April, and was initially licensed to Lee de Forest, Inc.
The new station's broadcasts would be even more varied than what had been offered in New York, and de Forest personally oversaw the station's construction. The transmitter was located in the flies of the theater, with an antenna strung from the theater roof to the adjoining Humboldt Bank Building. Acoustics were a challenge, because the orchestra needed to be heard by both the auditorium audience and radio listeners. Because of this restriction, the normal radio studio practice of deadening echoes by the use of wall coverings was unavailable. The solution for radio pickup was to suspend a large horn 40 feet (12 meters) above the orchestra, with the horn located above the quieter string instruments and away from the louder drums and basses.
Daily matinee concerts given at the theater by Herman Heller's orchestra were the main source of programming. The station also featured professional singers, including Mary White and Frieda Hempel, plus lectures by prominent speakers including Ellery Stone and American Radio Relay League president Hiram Percy Maxim. Another special program had Robert Newton Lynch, Vice President and General Manager of the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, sending greetings to the Japanese Armament Conference delegation as it approached the city aboard the Korea Maru. An estimated 1,500 concerts were broadcast by the end of 1921.
In mid-1921 control of 6XC was transferred to the Atlantic-Pacific Radio Supplies Company, which was the local DeForest company representative. In September, the station's primary schedule consisted of daily (except Sunday) concerts from 4:00-4:30 p.m., 7:15-7:45 p.m. and 9:00-9:45 p.m., plus Sunday at 10:00-12:00 noon, in addition to daily (except Sunday) "press" from 7:45-8:00 p.m. The station transmitted on a longwave wavelength of 1,250 meters (240 kHz).
KZY (Rock Ridge station)
Although initially there were no formal standards for U.S. radio stations that provided entertainment broadcasts, effective December 1, 1921 the Department of Commerce adopted a regulation requiring that stations engaged in broadcasting to the public now needed to hold a Limited Commercial license. Therefore, a new license, with the randomly assigned call sign of KZY, was issued for the station on December 8, 1921. At the same time, it was decided to transfer the station to the home of Henry M. Shaw, the Atlantic-Pacific Radio Supplies president, located in the Rock Ridge section of Oakland, California, and operate KZY from there.
After a rush to move the facility to the new site, KZY's official opening took place on Christmas morning, December 25, 1921, with a live concert of Christmas-themed music. 6XC had operated on its own longwave frequency, but the new regulations required that all broadcasting stations use a shared entertainment wavelength of 360 meters (833 kilohertz). Under the initial timesharing agreement, KZY's schedule was 3:30-4:30 p.m. and 7:00–7:30 p.m. daily (except Sundays), plus 3:00–4:00 p.m. on Sundays, 2:30–3:15 p.m. on Wednesdays, and 8:15–9:00 p.m. on Saturdays.
Due to its more remote location, the station attracted fewer prominent artists than it had in San Francisco, although it did feature the radio debut of Glenhall Taylor, who on May 11, 1922, shared the microphone with Stanford University's first president, David Starr Jordan. The station also was known for picking up the signals of other distant radio stations, including WGY, the General Electric station in Schenectady, New York.
Although KZY was well-managed, the station would be short-lived, and gave its last known broadcast the evening of June 17, 1922. At the time it was stated that this was only a temporary suspension, necessitated because Henry M. Shaw had resigned as Atlantic-Pacific's president and the station needed to be moved from his home. There were plans to move KZY back to San Francisco with the new location said to be the Atlantic-Pacific headquarters at 646 Mission Street. However, it does not appear that KZY ever broadcast from the new location, and later that year the station was reported to have permanently ceased operations, although it was not formally deleted until January 24, 1923.
References
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1921
1921 establishments in California
Radio stations disestablished in 1923
1923 disestablishments in California
ZY
ZY
Kateryna Vasylivna Kostenko (, also known as Ekaterina Kostenko from ; born 30 June 1984) is a Ukrainian retired pair skater. With Roman Talan, she is the 2009 Ukrainian national champion and represented Ukraine at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Personal life
Kateryna Kostenko was born in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR. She married Roman Talan in 2011 and their daughter, also named Kateryna, was born on 25 February 2012.
Career
Kostenko teamed up with Roman Talan when she was 21 years old and he 17. Gold medalists at the 2009 Ukrainian Championships, they represented their country at the 2008 and 2009 European Championships, 2010 World Championships, and 2010 Winter Olympics. They ended their competitive career in 2010 and began coaching in Dnipropetrovsk.
Kostenko coached Elizaveta Usmantseva / Roman Talan, who qualified a spot for Ukraine in the pairs' event at the 2014 Winter Olympics but it was later assigned to another pair.
Programs
(with Talan)
Results
(with Talan)
References
External links
Ukrainian female pair skaters
Living people
1984 births
Sportspeople from Dnipro
Olympic figure skaters of Ukraine
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
George Snell (died 1701) was the Archdeacon of Totnes.
He was born the son of John Snell, a minister of Thurlstone, Devon and educated at Exeter College, Oxford, matriculating in 1661. He was made a fellow in 1662-1671 and awarded B.A. in 1665 and M.A. in 1668.
He became vicar of Menheniott, Cornwall in 1670 and rector of Thurlstone, Devon in 1679. He was a canon of Exeter cathedral from 1685 to 1700 and archdeacon of Totnes from 1694 to his death in 1701.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
1701 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Marjut Heinonen (born October 28, 1976 in Trollhättan, Sweden) is a Finnish sport shooter. At age thirty-one, Heinonen made her official debut for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed in women's skeet shooting. She placed seventeenth in the qualifying rounds of the event, with a total score of 61 points.
Heinonen currently resides in Haapavesi, Finland, where she trains full-time at Haapaveden Ampumaseura, under her personal coach Rauli Honka.
References
External links
ISSF Profile
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Finnish female sport shooters
Living people
Olympic shooters of Finland
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Trollhättan
1976 births
European Games competitors for Finland
Shooters at the 2015 European Games
Shooters at the 2019 European Games
David Cripps is an active horn-player and conductor. He was principal horn in the London Symphony Orchestra during the years that they played Star Wars and Superman. He has also performed with the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the Hallé Orchestra, and the Philharmonia Orchestra. He is a former professor of horn at Florida State University, Northern Arizona University, the Eastman School of Music, the Royal Northern College of Music, and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He was the director of Orchestra Northern Arizona from 2008-2018, and he is also the Music Director and Conductor of the Verde Valley Sinfonietta.
External links
Bio of David Cripps
Horn players
Florida State University faculty
London Symphony Orchestra players
Living people
American male conductors (music)
21st-century American conductors (music)
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 66th Assembly District of Wisconsin is one of 99 districts in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Located in southeast Wisconsin, the district covers most of the city of Racine, Wisconsin, including downtown Racine and Racine Harbor and landmarks such as the Racine Art Museum, Old Main Street Historic District, Historic Sixth Street Business District, the Racine Zoo, Memorial Hall, and Johnson Wax Headquarters. The district is represented by Democrat Greta Neubauer, since January 2018.
The 66th Assembly District is located within Wisconsin's 22nd Senate district, along with the 64th and 65th Assembly districts.
History
The district was created in the 1972 redistricting act (1971 Wisc. Act 304) which first established the numbered district system, replacing the previous system which allocated districts to specific counties. The 66th district was drawn somewhat in line with the former Kenosha County 2nd district (Kenosha County excluding most of the city of Kenosha), but removed southeastern Kenosha County and replaced it with a number of neighboring towns in central Racine County and eastern Walworth County.
After the 1983 redistricting, which undid the 1982 redistricting that had temporarily scrambled State Assembly districts, the boundaries of the 66th district remained relatively consistent for the next 28 years, based in Kenosha County with a varying set of rural towns from Racine and Walworth counties. That changed in the controversial 2011 redistricting plan (2011 Wisc. Act 43) which moved the district entirely into the city of Racine in Racine County in area previously represented by the 61st and 62nd Assembly districts. The previous territory covered by the 66th district is now split between the 61st, 63rd, and 64th Assembly districts. This was part of a larger gerrymandering plan for the Racine and Kenosha County districts to convert one Assembly seat and one Senate seat from tossups to safely Republican.
List of District Representatives
References
Wisconsin State Assembly districts
Racine County, Wisconsin
James Alexander McKendry (born 30 September 1935) is an Irish artist.
Graduating in 1958 after 5 years study in Ireland and England, he is noted for his large scale commissioned sculptures and murals for churches and public buildings in Ireland and abroad. He designed the 60 foot copper frieze for the Northern Ireland American war memorial, which was unveiled by Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother in 1962.
In the early 1960s, he became a regular exhibitor with the young contemporaries annual group show in Dublin. Since then he has had several one-man shows and exhibits widely in many group exhibitions in Ireland, England and abroad. In addition, 16 of his paintings have been published for the worldwide market.
For many years James McKendry has lived and worked internationally. He has travelled widely in Asia, Africa and the West Indies on assignment for the European Commission, the Commonwealth Secretariat and the British Council. Now resettled at Bushmills in his native County Antrim, he paints Antrim's rugged coastline.
References
1935 births
Irish contemporary artists
Living people
People from County Antrim
Painters from Northern Ireland
Sculptors from Northern Ireland
In physics, the center-of-momentum frame (also zero-momentum frame or COM frame) of a system is the unique (up to velocity but not origin) inertial frame in which the total momentum of the system vanishes. The center of momentum of a system is not a location (but a collection of relative momenta/velocities: a reference frame). Thus "center of momentum" means "center-of-momentum frame" and is a short form of this phrase.
A special case of the center-of-momentum frame is the center-of-mass frame: an inertial frame in which the center of mass (which is a physical point) remains at the origin. In all COM frames, the center of mass is at rest, but it is not necessarily at the origin of the coordinate system.
In special relativity, the COM frame is necessarily unique only when the system is isolated.
Properties
General
The center of momentum frame is defined as the inertial frame in which the sum of the linear momenta of all particles is equal to 0. Let S denote the laboratory reference system and S′ denote the center-of-momentum reference frame. Using a galilean transformation, the particle velocity in S′ is
where
is the velocity of the mass center. The total momentum in the center-of-momentum system then vanishes:
Also, the total energy of the system is the minimal energy as seen from all inertial reference frames.
Special relativity
In relativity, the COM frame exists for an isolated massive system. This is a consequence of Noether's theorem. In the COM frame the total energy of the system is the rest energy, and this quantity (when divided by the factor c2, where c is the speed of light) gives the rest mass (invariant mass) of the system:
The invariant mass of the system is given in any inertial frame by the relativistic invariant relation
but for zero momentum the momentum term (p/c)2 vanishes and thus the total energy coincides with the rest energy.
Systems that have nonzero energy but zero rest mass (such as photons moving in a single direction, or, equivalently, plane electromagnetic waves) do not have COM frames, because there is no frame in which they have zero net momentum. Due to the invariance of the speed of light, a massless system must travel at the speed of light in any frame, and always possesses a net momentum. Its energy is—for each reference frame—equal to the magnitude of momentum multiplied by the speed of light:
Two-body problem
An example of the usage of this frame is given below – in a two-body collision, not necessarily elastic (where kinetic energy is conserved). The COM frame can be used to find the momentum of the particles much easier than in a lab frame: the frame where the measurement or calculation is done. The situation is analyzed using Galilean transformations and conservation of momentum (for generality, rather than kinetic energies alone), for two particles of mass m1 and m2, moving at initial velocities (before collision) u1 and u2 respectively. The transformations are applied to take the velocity of the frame from the velocity of each particle from the lab frame (unprimed quantities) to the COM frame (primed quantities):
where V is the velocity of the COM frame. Since V is the velocity of the COM, i.e. the time derivative of the COM location R (position of the center of mass of the system):
so at the origin of the COM frame, R' = 0, this implies
The same results can be obtained by applying momentum conservation in the lab frame, where the momenta are p1 and p2:
and in the COM frame, where it is asserted definitively that the total momenta of the particles, p1' and p2', vanishes:
Using the COM frame equation to solve for V returns the lab frame equation above, demonstrating any frame (including the COM frame) may be used to calculate the momenta of the particles. It has been established that the velocity of the COM frame can be removed from the calculation using the above frame, so the momenta of the particles in the COM frame can be
expressed in terms of the quantities in the lab frame (i.e. the given initial values):
notice the relative velocity in the lab frame of particle 1 to 2 is
and the 2-body reduced mass is
so the momenta of the particles compactly reduce to
This is a substantially simpler calculation of the momenta of both particles; the reduced mass and relative velocity can be calculated from the initial velocities in the lab frame and the masses, and the momentum of one particle is simply the negative of the other. The calculation can be repeated for final velocities v1 and v2 in place of the initial velocities u1 and u2, since after the collision the velocities still satisfy the above equations:
so at the origin of the COM frame, R = 0, this implies after the collision
In the lab frame, the conservation of momentum fully reads:
This equation does not imply that
instead, it simply indicates the total mass M multiplied by the velocity of the centre of mass V is the total momentum P of the system:
Similar analysis to the above obtains
where the final relative velocity in the lab frame of particle 1 to 2 is
See also
Laboratory frame of reference
Breit frame
References
Classical mechanics
Coordinate systems
Frames of reference
Geometric centers
Kinematics
Momentum
John Peter Shorts (born July 12, 1966) is a former defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was a member of the New England Patriots during the 1989 NFL season. Shorts grew up in the small town of Clinton, Wisconsin and went to Clinton High School (Clinton, Wisconsin)
References
1966 births
American football defensive tackles
American football offensive tackles
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football offensive linemen
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Illinois State Redbirds football players
Living people
New England Patriots players
Sportspeople from Janesville, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Sacramento Gold Miners players
San Antonio Riders players
San Antonio Texans players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
People from Clinton, Rock County, Wisconsin
Yuanxiao (, Yuánxiāo ) is a dumpling of glutinous rice flour, filled with sesame or peanut powder, and sugar, or sweet adzuki bean paste, eaten in a soup, during the Lantern Festival, the fifteenth day of the Chinese New Year. It is similar to Tangyuan, but is traditionally prepared in a basket, and served mainly in Northern China.
See also
Lantern festival tradition
References
External links
Chinese cuisine
Chinese desserts
Lantern Festival
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tadataka Kawasaki. It was serialized in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Flapper magazine from April 2014 to September 2018. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Diomedéa aired from July to September 2018.
Plot
The story features a simple premise—high school girl Chio Miyamo walking from her house to her school. What happens between these two points, however, varies from day to day, ranging from strange conversations with her friend Manana Nonomura, dealing with biker gangs, and performing death-defying feats of parkour.
Characters
Chio is a high school girl who experiences all sorts of craziness on her commute to school. She is an avid gamer, particularly of Western video games, and occasionally tries to put her game experience into practice with varying degrees of success.
Manana is Chio's best friend who has been with her since elementary school. Despite their close friendship, the two will occasionally try to backstab each other.
Yuki is Chio's classmate who is a sports ace. She is very polite and often oblivious to how people see her.
Momo is a member of the public morals committee at Chio's school who has a crush on her teacher, Gotō.
Madoka is a senior student at Chio's school who is captain of the Kabaddi Club. She has a strong passion for kabaddi, which she ultimately comes to realize is not based in the sport itself, but rather for it being the perfect excuse to grope other girls.
Gotō is a teacher at Chio's school who always waits at the school gates as students come in every morning. While stern, he deeply cares for his students and greatly enjoys his job.
Mayuta is a former biker gang leader who is tricked by Chio into quitting his gang and now seeks to earn an honest living as a convenience store clerk. He has a crush on Chio and often goes to absurd lengths to impress her.
Chiharu is Mayuta's younger sister who has a bad habit of trying to poke other people's bottoms. She loves her older brother dearly and is driven to find the woman who made him quit his gang.
Media
Manga
Chio's School Road, written and illustrated by Tadataka Kawasaki, was serialized in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Flapper magazine from April 5, 2014 to September 5, 2018. Nine tankōbon volumes were published from September 23, 2014 to September 21, 2018. The series is licensed in North America by Yen Press.
Anime
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation was originally scheduled to premiere in April 2018, but the release date was pushed back to July 6, and it concluded on September 21, 2018. It was directed and written by Takayuki Inagaki at Diomedéa, with character designs by Mayuko Matsumoto. The series is streamed on Crunchyroll with English subtitles, and by Funimation with an English dub. The opening theme is by Naomi Ōzora, Chiaki Omigawa, and Kaede Hondo, while the ending theme is by Ōzora and Omigawa.
Notes
References
External links
Manga official site
Anime official website
2014 manga
2018 anime television series debuts
Comedy anime and manga
Crunchyroll anime
Diomedéa
Funimation
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Media Factory manga
School life in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Tokyo MX original programming
Yen Press titles
Josse Judocus Joseph de Lehaye-Dael (28 May 1800 – 22 September 1888) was a Belgian magistrate and liberal politician.
As a politician, he was a member of the National Congress, burgomaster of Merendree, member of the municipal council and mayor of Ghent (1854–1857), member of the provincial council of the province of East Flanders and a member of parliament. He was President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 25 April 1855 until 13 June 1857.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Josse Joseph de Lehaye
Balthazar, H., in : Nationaal Biografisch Woordenboek, Brussel, Koninklijke Vlaamse Academiën van België, 1964-, II, 1966, kol. 165–168.
Lebrocquy, G., Types et Profils parlementaires, Paris, Lachaud & Burdin, 1873, p. 502-506.
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussel, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 159.
1800 births
1888 deaths
Mayors of Ghent
Members of the National Congress of Belgium
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Esther Bensusan Pissarro (1870–1951) was a British wood-engraver, designer, and printer.
Biography
Pissarro née Bensusan was born on 12 November 1870. She studied at the Crystal Palace School of Art. On 10 August 1892 she married fellow artist Lucien Pissarro (1863–1944) with whom she had one daughter, the artist Orovida Camille Pissarro (1893–1968). In 1894, inspired by William Morris's Kelmscott Press, Esther and Lucien Pissarro established the Eragny Press. The Eragny Press produced books illustrated with wood engravings. Esther assisted with creating the wood engravings from Lucien's designs.
Pissarro died on 20 November 1951. Work by Esther and Lucien Pissarro are in the Tate and the Royal Academy of Arts.
References
External links
1870 births
1951 deaths
20th-century British women artists
19th-century British women artists
English women painters
19th-century English women
19th-century English people
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
Kopito Ridge (, ‘Rid Kopito' \'rid ko-'pi-to\) is the mostly ice-free ridge in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, which is bounded by Boydell Glacier to the west and Zavera Snowfield to the east. It extends 6 km in northwest-southeast direction and 2.7 km wide, and rises to 1014 m in its northwest part which is linked to Detroit Plateau east of Lobosh Buttress.
The ridge is named after the peaks of Golyamo (Great) Kopito and Malko (Little) Kopito in Vitosha Mountain, Western Bulgaria.
Location
Kopito Ridge is centred at .
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Kopito Ridge. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
Ridges of Graham Land
Landforms of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Raised in Captivity is the sixth and final solo album by English rock musician John Wetton prior to his death in 2017. It was released on July 1, 2011.
Track listing
Personnel
John Wetton – vocals, acoustic guitar, bass guitar and keyboards; cover and booklet concepts
Billy Sherwood – guitars, drums and percussion; production
Additional musicians
Mick Box – guitar (on "New Star Rising")
Geoff Downes – keyboard (on "Goodbye Elsinore" and "Steffi's Ring")
Steve Hackett – guitar (on "Goodbye Elsinore")
Eddie Jobson – violin (on "The Devil and the Opera House")
Tony Kaye – Hammond organ (on "Human Condition" and "Don't Misunderstand Me")
Alex Machacek – guitar (on "The Last Night of My Life")
Steve Morse – guitar (on "Lost for Words")
Anneke van Giersbergen – duetting vocals (on "Mighty Rivers")
Technical personnel
Michael Inns – artwork and photography
Karen Gladwell – artwork and photography
Carla Huntington – additional photo
Release history
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Official John Wetton website
John Wetton albums
2011 albums
Progressive rock albums by English artists
Pop rock albums by English artists
Hard rock albums by English artists
Frontier Records albums
Pichia heedii is a species of yeast in the family Saccharomycetaceae. Described in 1978, it was found growing on a dead senita cactus plant (Lophocereus schottii) in the Sonoran Desert of Baja California, Mexico. The species was named to honor William B. Heed and his contributions to the study of desert-adapted yeasts.
References
External links
Saccharomycetaceae
Cumberland Council, trading as Cumberland City Council, is a local government area located in the western suburbs of Sydney in the state of New South Wales, Australia. The Council was formed on 12 May 2016 from the merger of parts of the Cities of Auburn, Parramatta (Woodville Ward), and Holroyd.
The Council comprises an area of and as at the had a population of .
The first Special Meeting of Cumberland Council was held on 19 May 2016 at the Granville Town Hall, and the council currently meets at the Merrylands Administration Centre.
The current mayor is Lisa Lake of the Australian Labor Party, elected on 12 January 2022.
Suburbs and localities in the local government area
Suburbs in the Cumberland City Council area are:
History
Holroyd Council
The area formerly known as the City of Holroyd was first proclaimed in July 1872 as the "Municipal District of Prospect and Sherwood", which became the "Municipality of Prospect and Sherwood" from 1906 and on 11 January 1927 it was renamed the "Municipality of Holroyd" after Arthur Holroyd, the first mayor. From 1 January 1991, city status was granted, becoming the City of Holroyd. Originally located at the Council Chambers in Merrylands West from 1915, the administrative centre of Holroyd was located in the suburb of Merrylands from 1962.
Auburn Council
To the east of Holroyd, the City of Auburn was first proclaimed on 19 February 1892 as the "Borough of Auburn" and became the "Municipality of Auburn" in 1906. On 20 June 1906, the hitherto unincorporated area around Silverwater and Newington was combined into the Municipality of Auburn.
The eastern section of Auburn was originally proclaimed as the Borough of Rookwood on 8 December 1891 and in 1913 Rookwood was renamed "Lidcombe", a portmanteau of the names of the two previous mayors, in an attempt to distance the municipality from the necropolis. On 1 January 1949, with the passing of the Local Government (Areas) Act 1948, the Municipalities of Auburn and Lidcombe were amalgamated to form the new "Municipality of Auburn". In 1993 Auburn Municipal Council became "Auburn Council" and was granted city status in 2008, becoming the "Auburn City Council".
Woodville Ward
The area known as the Woodville Ward of the City of Parramatta until the amalgamations in May 2016, was first incorporated as the "Borough of Granville" on 20 January 1885, which became the "Municipality of Granville" from 1906, and met in the Granville Town Hall when it was completed in 1888.
On 1 January 1949, with the passing of the Local Government (Areas) Act 1948, the municipalities of Granville, Dundas, Ermington and Rydalmere, and Parramatta were amalgamated to form the new "City of Parramatta". Granville municipality became the "Granville Ward" and the council meetings of the new Parramatta City were held at the Granville Town Hall from 1949 until the new administration centre was opened in Parramatta in 1958. In 1995 a reorganisation of Parramatta's wards resulted in Granville Ward being renamed "Woodville Ward" after Woodville Road while the former Granville Municipality suburbs of Harris Park, Rosehill, Telopea, and northern sections of Granville and Clyde, were moved into the Elizabeth Macarthur Ward.
Establishment of Cumberland Council
A 2015 review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended a major reorganisation for the area covered by Auburn, Holroyd and Parramatta councils. The government considered two proposals. The first was a merger of parts of Auburn, Holroyd and Parramatta to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 219,000. The second proposed a merger of parts of Parramatta, Auburn, The Hills, Hornsby, and Holroyd to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 215,725.
On 12 May 2016, Cumberland Council was proclaimed as a new local government area, combining parts of Auburn City Council (south of the M4 Western Motorway), the Woodville Ward of the Parramatta City Council, and the majority of the Holroyd City Council. The remainder of the Auburn City Council area north of the M4 Western Motorway (including parts of the Sydney Olympic Park) and a small section of Holroyd was merged into the reconstituted City of Parramatta Council.
The former General Manager of Mosman Council (1986–2013), Viv May , who had been serving as the Administrator of the suspended Auburn City Council since February 2016, was appointed as the Administrator, and the long-serving Holroyd General Manager, Merv Ismay, was appointed as interim general manager. The first Special Meeting of Cumberland Council was held on 19 May 2016, at the Granville Town Hall, the historic former seat of the Granville Municipality, which merged with Parramatta in 1949. Subsequent Council meetings alternated between the Merrylands Administration Building and Auburn Civic Centre, until December 2016 when May decided that the Auburn council chambers would be taken over by the Auburn Library, and all council meetings from then to be held at Merrylands.
After undertaking a significant amount of work to rationalise council services and staff, noting that "Auburn had issues with flagrant rezoning, and Holroyd was over-promising and underdelivering, living in a financial fantasy with many of its projects", May's term as Administrator came to an end in September 2017, with the election of the first council. The former Mayor of Holroyd, Greg Cummings, was elected as the inaugural Mayor of Cumberland Council on 27 September 2017.
"City" trading name
On 18 December 2019, the mayor Steve Christou presented a mayoral minute to Council recommending that Cumberland Council begin trading as "Cumberland City Council", by changing the Council's trading name and business registration. The motion was passed 7-7 with the casting vote of the mayor, and the name change to "Cumberland City Council" was implemented from January 2020. However, this did not legally confer city status on the council as it had merely changed the trading name of the council, the legal name as proclaimed in 2016 remains "Cumberland Council", which can only be changed by official proclamation of the Governor in the NSW Government Gazette under section 206 of the Local Government Act, 1993.
Heritage listings
The Cumberland Council area has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Greystanes, Lower Prospect Canal Reserve
Guildford, 11-35 Byron Road: Linnwood, Guildford
Guildford, Frank Street: Guildford West pipehead and water supply canal
Prospect, Clunies Ross Street: Prospect Hill
Westmead, 2, 4, 6, and 8 Bridge Road: Essington
Demographics
At the there were people in the Cumberland local government area, of these 51.4 per cent were male and 48.6 per cent were female. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 0.6 per cent of the population; significantly below the NSW and Australian averages of 2.9 and 2.8 per cent respectively. The median age of people in the Cumberland local government area was 32 years; significantly lower than the national median of 38 years. Children aged 0 – 14 years made up 20.5 per cent of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 11.2 per cent of the population. Of people in the area aged 15 years and over, 53.3 per cent were married and 9.8 per cent were either divorced or separated.
Facilities
There are eight libraries located throughout the local government area. There are also five council-run swimming pools. On 9 September 2017 a poll put to the residents by council asked for their views on continuing to run all five pools, given that their operating costs took up 2% of council revenue. The poll returned a result of 74% in favour of continuing council operation of all the pools.
Located partially in the region, the Smithfield-Wetherill Park Industrial Estate is the largest industrial estate in the southern hemisphere and is the centre of manufacturing and distribution in western Sydney, with more than 1,000 manufacturing, wholesale, transport and service firms.
Council
The Cumberland City Council comprises fifteen Councillors elected proportionally, with three Councillors elected in five wards. On 9 September 2017 the first council was elected. The Mayor is elected bi-annually and Deputy Mayor annually by the councillors at the first meeting of the council.
Current composition
The most recent election was held on 4 December 2021, and the makeup of the Council, by order of election, is as follows:
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
External Links
Cumberland City Council Website
Local government areas in Sydney
2016 establishments in Australia
T. K. Seung was a Korean American philosopher and literary critic. His academic interests cut across diverse philosophical and literary subjects, including ethics, political philosophy, Continental philosophy, cultural hermeneutics, and literary criticism.
He was a professor of Philosophy, Government, and Law at The University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts.
Background
Seung was born on September 20, 1930, the eldest of three children, near the city of Chongju in North Pyongan Province. He attended Chongju Middle School, where he was exposed to Western-style education. In 1947, he escaped from North Korea, crossing the 38th parallel with a few friends. He settled in Seoul, South Korea, where he studied at Seoul High School for three years. He attended Yonsei University for only one month before the Korean War broke out in June 1950, subsequently fleeing south to Busan ahead of the advancing North Korean army.
After the end of the Korean War, on the personal recommendation of President Syngman Rhee, Seung enrolled at Yale University on a full scholarship under the sponsorship of the American-Korean Foundation and resumed his undergraduate studies in 1954. As resident of Timothy Dwight College and a student in the Directed Studies program, he discovered the history of Western culture. He was introduced to the latest schools of thought such as existentialism, New Criticism, and other intellectual movements. At Yale he was mentored by a number of famous professors, including Thomas G. Bergin, Cleanth Brooks, Brand Blanshard, and F.S.C. Northrop. He graduated summa cum laude in 1958 with a bachelor's degree in philosophy and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He entered Yale Law School, but quit after one academic year, deciding instead to pursue doctoral studies in philosophy. While still a graduate student he wrote and published his first book, The Fragile Leaves of the Sibyl: Dante's Master Plan, which proposed a new, "trinitarian" interpretation of the Divine Comedy. His Ph.D. thesis was later published as a book, Kant's Transcendental Logic.
In 1965, he received his Ph.D. and also married Kwihwan Hahn, a graduate of Juilliard in piano performance. They have three children. His son, Sebastian Seung, is Professor at the Princeton University Neuroscience Institute and Department of Computer Science. His second son, KJ Seung, is Professor at the Harvard Medical School and the medical director at the Eugene Bell Foundation. His daughter, Florence Seung, is a psychiatrist. After teaching for a year at Fordham University, Seung joined the philosophy department of the University of Texas at Austin in 1966, where he was the Jesse H. Jones Professor in Liberal Arts, Professor of Philosophy, Government, and Law. In 1988, he was awarded the highest honor of Yale's graduate school alumni association—the Wilbur Cross Medal. Other winners have included John Silber, Richard Rorty, Robert Putnam, Robert Dahl, Bartlett Giamatti, and Stanley Fish.
In his career at the University of Texas at Austin, Seung published ten monographs, including books on Dante, Kant, Structuralism, Hermeneutics, Rawls, Plato, Nietzsche, Wagner, and Goethe. In the course of writing these books, he developed a methodology he called "cultural thematics," which he described "a cultural tradition" in which can be found "a constant interplay of existential themes or motifs, in analogy to a dramatic production or a musical composition." Seung emphasizes that "human existence is always inextricably culture-bound." Contrary to Heidegger, he insists, "my approach in cultural thematics openly stands on the historicist premise that every culture is the embodiment of an existential structure unique to itself" (Cultural Thematics, pp. x-xi). He would use this approach not only to interpret philosophical traditions of particular ages, such as the late Medieval Dante and Boccaccio, and later the Spinozistic German epics of the 19th century, but also to traditions that sometimes spanned centuries, such as the periodic recurrence of Platonic ideas in Kant and Rawls.
Seung taught broadly at the University of Texas, including for many years in its Plan II program. He was also a dissertation supervisor for David Lay Williams and Michael Locke McLendon.
Kant research
Seung was the author of three books about the German philosopher Immanuel Kant written over four decades. Seung's first book on Kant is titled Kant's Transcendental Logic (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1969) addresses issues raised in Kant's First Critique. His second book about Kant is Kant's Platonic Revolution in Moral and Political Philosophy (Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1994) in which Seung criticizes Kant on the lack of consistency between the First Critique and the Second Critique by Kant due to ambiguities between Kant's ontological constructivism and his eidetic constructivism. Seung's last book on Kant is a primer about studying Kant for students titled: Kant: A Guide for the Perplexed (London: Continuum, 2007).
Selected works
Books
The Fragile Leaves of the Sibyl: Dante's Master Plan (Westminster, MD: Newman Press, 1962).
Kant's Transcendental Logic (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1969).
Cultural Thematics: The Formation of the Faustian Ethos (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1976).
Semiotics and Thematics in Hermeneutics (New York: Columbia University Press, 1982).
Structuralism and Hermeneutics (New York: Columbia University Press, 1982).
Intuition and Construction: The Foundation of Normative Theory (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1993).
Kant's Platonic Revolution in Moral and Political Philosophy (Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1994).
Plato Rediscovered: Human Value and Social Order (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 1996).
Nietzsche's Epic of the Soul: Thus Spoke Zarathustra (Lanham, MD: Lexington Books, 2005).
Goethe, Nietzsche, and Wagner: Their Spinozan Epics of Love and Power (Lanham, MD: Lexington Books, 2006).
Kant: A Guide for the Perplexed (London: Continuum, 2007).
The Cultural Background of Western Philosophy (Seoul: Korean Academic Research Council, 2007).
Articles
"Plural Values and Indeterminate Rankings," with Daniel Bonevac, in Ethics 799 (1992)
"Virtues and Values: A Platonic Account," in Social Theory and Practice 207 (1991)
"Kant's Conception of the Categories," in Review of Metaphysics 107 (1989)
"Conflict in Practical Reasoning," with Daniel Bonevac, Philosophical Studies 315: 53 (1988)
"Literary Function and Historical Context," in Philosophy and Literature 33: 4 (1980)
"Thematic Dialectic: A Revision of Hegelian Dialectic," in International Philosophical Quarterly 417: 20 (1980)
"The Epic Character of the Divina Commedia and the Function of Dante's Three Guides," in Italica 352: 56 (1979)
"Semantic Context and Textual Meaning," in Journal of Literary Semantics, 8:2 (1979)
Contributions
"Defeasible Reasoning and Moral Dilemmas," with Rob Koons, in Defeasible Deontic Logic, edited by Donald Nute (Springer, 1997)
"The Metaphysics of the Commedia," in The Divine Comedy and the Encyclopedia of Arts and Sciences, edited by G. Di Scipio and A. Scaglione (Amsterdam, Philadelphia: John Benjamins Publishing, 1988)
"Kant," in The Encyclopedia of Religion, edited by Mircea Eliade (New York: Free Press, 1987)
"The Philosophical Tradition in Korea," in Tae Kwon Do Free Fighting, edited by Gaeshik Kim (Seoul: Nanam Publications, 1985)
"Bonaventura's Figural Exemplarism in Dante," in Italian Literature: Roots and Branches: Essays in honor of Thomas G. Bergin, edited by G. Rimanelli and K. Atchity (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1976)
Notes
References
Further reading
Balkin, J. M.: "Transcendental Deconstruction, Transcendent Justice," Michigan Law Review, Vol. 92 (1994): 1131-86.
Balkin, J. M.: "Being Just with Deconstruction", Social and Legal Studies, Vol. 3, No. 3 (1994): 393-404.
Balkin, J. M.: Cultural Software: A Theory of Ideology (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1998).
Hede, Jesper: Reading Dante: The Pursuit of Meaning (Lanham, MD: Lexington Books, 2007).
Hede, Jesper: "Ranking Types of Reading: Descriptive and Epic Readings in Dante Studies," in Dante: A Critical Reappraisal (Nordic Dante Studies III), edited by Unn Falkeid (Oslo: Unipub, 2008).
Williams, David Lay: Rousseau's Platonic Enlightenment (Pennsylvania State University Press, 2007).
External links
Retirement Announcement and Tribute Page
T.K. Seung's Homepage
Robert Gooding-Williams's review of Seung's Nietzsche's Epic of the Soul: Thus Spoke Zarathustra
Perry Myers review of Seung's Kant: A Guide for the Perplexed
Google books page for Hede study of Seung's Dante
20th-century American philosophers
21st-century American philosophers
Platonists
1930 births
Living people
Korean writers
Korean philosophers
American academics of Korean descent
American philosophy academics
University of Texas at Austin faculty
Hermeneutists
The Rally del Atlántico, or Rally del Atlántico-Minas is an international rally racing event held in the Lavalleja Department of Uruguay and based out of the department capital, Minas. The event is round of the Codasur South American Rally Championship and the Uruguayan Rally Championship. Some years it has also been a round of the Argentinian Rally Championship.
The event was first run in 1994. It has been a round of the Codasur South American Rally Championship since the event started. Paraguayan drivers Alejandro Galanti and Gustavo Saba are the most successful drivers in the rally's history having each won five times.
List of winners
Sourced in part from:
References
External links
Official website
CODASUR official website
Atlantico
Motorsport competitions in Uruguay
Ahmed Ismail Hussein Hudeidi (), known as Hudeidi or Xudeydi, was a Somali musician who played the oud and composed songs.
Early life and career
Hudeidi was born in Berbera in 1928 and raised in Yemen, where his father was a police sergeant. Hudeidi was always fascinated by music, and fell in love with the oud when his father took him to a party in Aden where an Arab man was playing the instrument. He learned how to play it from Abdullahi Qarshe, who advised Hudeydi's father to buy his son an oud and a pick as well as books and writing instruments for school.
During the 1950s and 1960s, Hudeidi lived in Yemen, Somalia, and Djibouti, playing the oud and getting into trouble for singing politically rebellious songs as well as from rival musicians. In 1973 he moved to the United Kingdom, where he performed at private functions such as family weddings and taught others how to play the oud.
He retired after a final concert at the Kayd Somali Arts and Culture centre in February 2020.
Death
Hudeidi died on 8 April 2020 in London from COVID-19, eight days before his 92nd birthday.
See also
Music of Somalia
References
Ethnic Somali people
1928 births
2020 deaths
Somalian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Somalian musicians
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in England
Oud players
20th-century male musicians
21st-century male musicians
Slavena - is a feminine given name of Slavic origin meaning: Slavic Woman or fame, glory. Pronounced slah-vyeh-nah. Short form Slavka is official name. Masculine form is Slaven.
Nicknames
Slávka, Sláva, Slavinka, Slavenka, Vena
Name Days
Czech: 12 February
Slovene: 31 December
Famous bearers
Slávka Budínová, Czech actress
Slavěna Jandová, Czech assistant's atelier of textile productions
Slavěna Broulíková, Czech politician
Slavěna Benešová, Czech gastronomer
Slavěna Rohlíková, Czech historian
Slávka Kopecká, Czech journalist
Slávka Hamouzová, Czech actress
Slávka Brádlová, Czech moderator of Czech Radio
Slávka Procházková, Czech actress
See also
Slavic names
References
Miloslava Knappová
External links
Slavěna -> Behind the Name
Slavic feminine given names
Czech feminine given names
Cyperus stradbrokensis is a species of sedge that is native to north eastern parts of Australia.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
stradbrokensis
Plants described in 1915
Flora of Queensland
Flora of New South Wales
Taxa named by Karel Domin
The Catholic Church in Ethiopia is part of the worldwide Roman Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the pope in Rome.
The Eastern Rite Ethiopian Catholic Church, the primary Roman Catholic denomination in the country, bases its liturgy and teaching on that of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church, modified to be in accordance with the Catholic dogma. While separated by their understanding of the primacy of the Bishop of Rome and their Christology, the Ethiopian Catholic and Orthodox Churches have basically the same sacraments and liturgy. As of 2010, there were 610,714 members of the Ethiopian Catholic Church. There are also a small number of Latin-Rite Catholics in the country, primarily Italian Ethiopians.
History
Saint Frumentius (Abune Salama Kesatie Berhan), the first Bishop of Ethiopia, was consecrated by Saint Athanasius, Patriarch of Alexandria around 341. Following the Council of Chalcedon in 451, the Coptic Church of Alexandria (including the ) was no longer in communion with the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
Between the 13th and 18th centuries, the Roman Catholic Church sent various missions to Ethiopia. Most of these were directed less at the conversion of non-Christians, but at securing the adhesion to the Holy See of the existing Church. They eventually failed due to the attachment of most Ethiopians to the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church, which was strongly linked to national identity and whose Miaphysite theology was incompatible with that of Rome
The Portuguese voyages of discovery at the end of the fifteenth century opened the way for direct contacts between the Church in Rome and the Church in Ethiopia. In the mid-16th century, Ethiopian rulers allowed Jesuits to proselytize in the country. However, the conversion of rulers Za Dengel and Susenyos to Catholicism in the early 17th century led to uprisings. Due to the behaviour of the Portuguese Jesuit Afonso Mendes, whom Pope Urban VIII appointed as Patriarch of Ethiopia in 1622, Emperor Fasilides expelled the Patriarch and the European missionaries under penalty of death, who included Jerónimo Lobo, from the country in 1636; these contacts, which had seemed destined for success under the previous Emperor led, instead, to the complete closure of Ethiopia to further contact with Rome.
From 1839 Msgr. Justin de Jacobis, and subsequently Cardinal Guglielmo Massaia, resumed Catholic missionary activities. The Catholic communities currently found in Ethiopia are mostly the fruit of the vigorous work of the above-mentioned missionaries, de Jacobis, and Cardinal Massaja.
See also
Christianity in Ethiopia
Ethiopian Catholic Church
Religion in Ethiopia
Archdiocese of Addis Abeba
List of saints from Africa
Notes
External links
Ethiopian Catholic Secretariat official website
Nansang or Namsang Township ()is a township of Loilen District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The principal town is Nansang.
See ALso
Namsang
References
Townships of Shan State
Loilen District
The Great Works Dam was a dam on the Penobscot River between Old Town and Bradley in Penobscot County, Maine, USA. The original Great Works Dam was constructed in the 1830s and replaced between 1887 and 1900. The dam was originally owned by the Penobscot Chemical Fibre Company and was acquired by Diamond International Corporation in 1968 along with the adjacent mill. The dam and powerhouse were sold several more times, and in 2010 the Penobscot River Restoration Trust bought the dam from PPL Corporation based on an agreement that was signed in 2004. On June 11, 2012, deconstruction of the dam began
as a part of an extensive project involving four dams to restore eleven species of sea-run fish to the Penobscot River.
References
Dams in Maine
Penobscot River
Buildings and structures in Old Town, Maine
Dams completed in 1900
Former dams
Sir Thomas Middleton (1654-1702), of Stansted Mountfitchet, Essex, was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Harwich in October 1679, 1681, 1689, 1690, 1695 and 1699.
References
1654 births
1702 deaths
17th-century English people
People of the Stuart period
People from Essex
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707)
Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Uralian orogeny refers to the long series of linear deformation and mountain building events that raised the Ural Mountains, starting in the Late Carboniferous and Permian periods of the Palaeozoic Era, 323–299 and 299–251 million years ago (Mya) respectively, and ending with the last series of continental collisions in Triassic to early Jurassic times.
The region affected by the orogeny, the Uralian orogenic belt or the Uralides, is usually thought of as the boundary between Europe and Asia. It extends from the Aral Sea to Novaya Zemlya, and it includes in addition to the Ural Mountains, the Pay-Khoy Ridge of northwest Russia and the Mugodzhar Hills of northwest Kazakhstan. Its total length is about , of which the Ural Mountains are about .
At the latitude of the Middle-Urals Ring Structure (c. 56° N, between Perm and Ufa) the Ural mountains have an eastward-convex bend. It has been proposed that the Precambrian Middle-Urals Ring Structure caused a disturbance in the orogeny leading to the formation the bend.
Formation
The Uralian orogen (sensu stricto) occurred between three Palaeozoic continents, Baltica, Kazakhstania, and Siberia. In the late Precambrian, the northeast margin of Baltica was deformed in the Timanide and Cadomide orogenies or the assembly of the Pannotia supercontinent. The break-up of this supercontinent opened the Palaeo-Uralian Ocean, in which a number of unidentified continental fragments rifted from Baltica. As Baltica collided with Laurentia to form Laurussia, island arcs and other microcontinents were accreted to Baltica in the Late Devonian-Early Carboniferous.
In the Ordovician-Silurian, Kazakhstania formed separately when subduction-driven growth accreted crust to a series of small, late Precambrian microcontinents. In the early Late Carboniferous, Kazakhstania began to collide with Laurussia as the Palaeo-Uralian ocean subducted beneath the margins of the latter.
The northern continuation of the Ural mountains, the Pay-Khoy-Novaya Zemlya foldbelt, is the result of the collision between Laurussia and Siberia in the Early Jurassic.
The southern continuation of the Ural mountains, the southern Tian-Shan mountains, formed in the late Palaeozoic with the closure of the Turkestanian Ocean, an Ordovician-Carboniferous southern branch of the Palaeo-Uralian Ocean. Tian-Shan remained a stable platform until the Alpine-Himalayan orogeny in the Pliocene-Quaternary.
See also
References
External links
Late Permian Period map
Orogenies of Europe
Ural Mountains
Carboniferous orogenies
Permian orogenies
Geology of European Russia
Geology of Russia
Carboniferous Europe
Permian Europe
Georges Goven (born 26 April 1948) is a retired tennis player from France.
Tennis career
Juniors
As a junior, he won the Australian Championships Boys' Singles title in 1964.
Amateur / Pro tour
Goven reached the semifinals in both singles and doubles (partnering François Jauffret) at the 1970 French Open.
He notably defeated Ilie Năstase (then world No. 7) in Paris in September 1977 with the help of the Spaghetti racket, and Vitas Gerulaitis (then world No. 5) in Florence in May 1983.
After retirement
Goven has coached such players as Nicolas Escudé, Nathalie Dechy and Tatiana Golovin. He was the Davis Cup team captain from 1993–1994. Currently, he is the captain of the France Fed Cup team since 2005 (replacing his compatriot and former player Guy Forget) and coaches Kristina Mladenovic.
Career finals
Doubles (1 title, 6 runner-ups)
References
External links
ITF Coaching
1948 births
Living people
Australian Championships (tennis) junior champions
French male tennis players
French tennis coaches
Tennis players from Lyon
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' singles
Juan Durán de Miranda was a soldier who served as governor of New Mexico in the 1600s. He occupied the charge of governor of New Mexico twice (1664-1665 and 1671-1675). The existing information on him is scarce.
Career
Durán de Miranda was appointed governor of New Mexico for in 1664. He was expelled and arrested in 1665. Despite this, he was appointed for a second term in New Mexico in 1671.
However, one year later, in 1665 a faction led by Tomé Domínguez de Mendoza accused (and filed charges against) Durán de Miranda, which caused Miranda to be imprisoned in a brief time period
in the Casa de Cabildo (Council jail) in Santa Fe. In addition, all his goods were seized. However, he was released when he presented arguments against the charges for which he is charged in Mexico City, recovering his property and position.
Again in the New Mexico government, church and state clashed, which weakened the colonial administration. This caused Native American people to increasingly reject the Spanish Empire. In addition, the Mission Supply Service, founded by the Mansso administration, reduced the food and other products that distributed among the indigenous population, causing them to rebel against the Miranda government.
In July 1671, Miranda elevated Juan Dominguez de Mendoza to Field marshal rank and led a military campaign against the Gila Apache and the "Siete Ríos Apaches", in the South of New Mexico.
In 1675, Miranda was replaced by Juan Francisco Treviño and he emigrated to Mexico City.
References
Colonial governors of Santa Fe de Nuevo México
Fowlers Hollow State Park is a Pennsylvania state park in Toboyne Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is from Blain just off Pennsylvania Route 274. Fowlers Hollow State Park is on the site of a former sawmill, and was developed as a park by the Works Progress Administration during the Great Depression.
History
The land on which Fowlers Hollow State Park sits was clear-cut during the early 1900s (decade). The Perry Lumber Company built a narrow-gauge railroad on the former Path Valley Railroad bed from New Germantown to the area of what is now Big Spring State Forest Picnic Area. The lumber company never built a permanent sawmill in the area. Instead they used five portable mills. Lumber was cut and bark was stripped from the hemlock. The standing lumber was quickly exhausted and logging operations were complete in the area by 1905. The state of Pennsylvania bought from the Perry Lumber Company in 1907. Construction of the park facilities took place during the Great Depression by works of the Works Progress Administration.
Recreation
Fowlers Hollow State Park is used by families on picnics and outdoor enthusiasts seeking to hunt, fish, snowmobile, and ski within the park and in the nearby Tuscarora State Forest. The picnic facilities at the park have stone fireplaces that were built by the CCC. Fowler Hollow Run passes through the park and is a brown trout fishery. There are 18 campsites at the park: twelve are for trailers, and six for tents. It also serves as a trailhead for the trail system of the Tuscarora State Forest. Hunters, snowmobilers, and cross-country skiers also use the park to gain access to the surrounding state forest.
Nearby state parks
The following state parks are within of Fowlers Hollow State Park:
Big Spring State Forest Picnic Area (Perry County)
Caledonia State Park (Adams and Franklin Counties)
Colonel Denning State Park (Cumberland County)
Cowans Gap State Park (Fulton County)
Greenwood Furnace State Park (Huntingdon County)
Kings Gap Environmental Education and Training Center (Cumberland County)
Little Buffalo State Park (Perry County)
Mont Alto State Park (Franklin County)
Pine Grove Furnace State Park (Cumberland County)
References
External links
State parks of Pennsylvania
Protected areas established in 1936
Civilian Conservation Corps in Pennsylvania
Works Progress Administration in Pennsylvania
Parks in Perry County, Pennsylvania
Campgrounds in Pennsylvania
1936 establishments in Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Perry County, Pennsylvania
Tribosphenida is a group (infralegion) of mammals that includes the ancestor of Hypomylos, Aegialodontia and Theria (the last common ancestor of marsupials and placentals plus all of its descendants). Its current definition is more or less synonymous with Boreosphenida.
Characteristics
Tribosphenid mammals were originally grouped on the basis of triangular or V-shaped (tribosphenic) molars. Since then, other unrelated mammal groups have been found to have tribosphenic molars, such as the australosphenidans (a group that includes the still extant monotremes), suggesting that as a synapomorphy this is fundamentally useless as it evolved multiple times among mammals.
However, a clade between the aforementioned groups, the "true Tribosphenida" or Boreosphenida, is still identifiable, united by characteristics such as the lack of a mesial cingulid and of a triangulated trigonid on the last premolar. They are also united by postcranial features such as the presence of a modern ear (though this too has evolved independently in many other groups, like monotremes), modern shoulder blades, and several features of the hindlimb.
Phylogeny
Below is a cladogram from Rowe (1988) and McKenna and Bell (1997) showing one hypothesis of mammal relationships:
Boreosphenida
Boreosphenida (from boreas, "northern wind" and sphen, "wedge") were early mammals that originated in the Northern Hemisphere and had tribosphenic molars (three-cusped cheek teeth). In boreosphenidans, the mandibular angle is placed posteriorly and the primitive postdentary trough (hole in the mandible) is absent (in contrast to Kuehneotheriidae, Eupantotheria, and Australosphenida.) They share the tribosphenic molars with the Australosphenida but differ from them by having cingulid cuspules but lacking a continuous mesial cingulid. Boreosphenidans also lack the triangulated trigonid on the last premolar found in Early Cretaceous mammals. They differ from Shuotherium (a monotreme-relative) in having the talonid placed posterior to the trigonid (like in modern tribosphenic mammals) in the lower molars, but upper molars similar to those of Shuotherium.
The oldest boreosphenidans are from the Berriasian (~145-140 mya). They were restricted to the Northern Hemisphere during the Early Cretaceous, but spread to South America and India during the end of the Cretaceous.
References
External links
MESOZOIC MAMMALS; Stem zatherians, zatherians & Peramuridae, an internet directory
THERIA И MARSUPIONTA (in Russian)
Infralegion Tribosphenida - Hierarchy - The Taxonomicon
Mammal taxonomy
Events from the year 1910 in Scotland.
Incumbents
Secretary for Scotland and Keeper of the Great Seal – John Sinclair, 1st Baron Pentland
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Alexander Ure
Solicitor General for Scotland – Arthur Dewar; then William Hunter
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Dunedin
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Kingsburgh
Events
June – Edinburgh Missionary Conference is held, presided over by Nobel Peace Prize recipient John R. Mott, launching the modern ecumenical movement and the modern missions movement.
6–13 August – First Scottish International Aviation Meeting held at Lanark.
17 September – Andrew Blain Baird makes the first powered monoplane flight in Scotland, at Ettrick Bay on the Isle of Bute in a self-built machine.
19 December – Alhambra Theatre, Glasgow opened
The whisky-based liqueur Drambuie is first marketed commercially, from Leith.
Births
6 May – Jerry Morris, epidemiologist (died 2009)
10 March – Jane Duncan, born Elizabeth Jane Cameron, novelist (died 1976)
17 March – Molly Weir, actress (died 2004 in London)
19 April – Andrew Gilchrist, Special Operations Executive operative, and later ambassador (died 1993)
23 April – Sheila Scott Macintyre, mathematician (died 1960)
15 July – George Friel, novelist (died 1975)
1 September – Charles Maxwell, radio producer (died 1998)
14 November – Norman MacCaig, poet (died 1996)
December – Ian Donald, physician, pioneer in the use of Medical ultrasonography (died 1987)
Deaths
18 January – James Cuthbertson, Scottish-Australian poet and schoolteacher (born 1851)
2 April – William McTaggart, landscape and marine painter (born 1835)
6 April – John McLaren, Lord McLaren, Liberal politician (born 1831)
13 April – William Quiller Orchardson, portraitist and painter (born 1832)
15 April – John Smith, dentist, philanthropist and pioneering educator (born 1825)
10 May – William Gordon Stables, naval physician and novelist (born 1840)
23 June – Robert Boog Watson, malacologist and Free Church minister (born 1823)
See also
Timeline of Scottish history
1910 in the United Kingdom
References
Scotland
Years of the 20th century in Scotland
1910s in Scotland
RelationShipped is an American reality series that premiered on November 9, 2017, on Facebook Watch. The interactive series, produced by BuzzFeed, allows viewers to influence decisions and events in each episode. Facebook users select the show's protagonist, the "Suitor", from eligible single men in the first episode. He hosts female competitors in a Los Angeles–based mansion, where they each vie for his affection. In subsequent episodes, the audience has the ability to nominate new prospective competitors to be introduced, and the opportunity to select date ideas, amongst other decisions. New episodes are released twice weekly, on Monday and Thursday.
Production
Episodes of the series air only days after they are filmed. This provides the show's Producers, with the ability to shape the narrative of the show as the audience would like to see it. BuzzFeed Motion Pictures', head of development Matthew Henick, has described the show saying, "We wanted to build a format that television audiences are familiar with, a dating format, but from the ground up for digital. Shooting and releasing it in real time allows the audience to affect the show and get involved in ways they couldn't before."
Episodes
Season 1 (2017–18)
Season 2 (2018)
Call-out order
The contestant was introduced in this episode
The contestant was eliminated
The contestant quit
The contestant won the competition
Reception
The series has received a mixed to negative reception since its premiere. The Guardians Jake Nevins criticized the show when saying, "It'll all appear a bit ham-fisted to fans of The Bachelor and its chintzy elegance; worse, for those who buy into prevailing millennial stereotypes, it'll be nothing short of unwatchable, a confirmation that we're as self-involved and phone-obsessed as the world believes us to be."
See also
List of original programs distributed by Facebook Watch
References
External links
RelationShipped on Facebook
Facebook Watch original programming
2010s American reality television series
2017 American television series debuts
English-language television shows
Francesco Moraglia (born 25 May 1953) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been Patriarch of Venice since March 2012; he is the first native of Genoa to hold that position. He was bishop of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato from 2008 to 2012.
Early life and career
Francesco Moraglia was born to a wealthy family in Genoa on 25 May 1953. His father Enrico was a lawyer. His mother Elena Cazzaniga, originally from Villasanta in Brianza, earned a degree in literature at the Catholic University of Milan and taught high school before leaving to raise their four children, two boys and two girls.
He attended public high school and then studied for the priesthood at the seminary in Genoa. Cardinal Giuseppe Siri ordained him a priest of the Archdiocese of Genoa on 29 June 1977.
In 1977-1979 he worked as educator and accompanist of theologians (III-IV-V theology) at the Major Archiepiscopal Seminary. From 1979 to 1988 he was assistant pastor in a parish in the city center.
After obtaining a licentiate at the Pontifical Urban University in Rome, since 1979 he has been teaching dogmatic theology at the Genoa section of the Theological Faculty of Northern Italy. In 1981 he obtained a doctorate in dogmatic theology at the Pontifical Urban University. Since 1986 he has been teaching Fundamental Dogmatic Theology and Sacramental Theology at the Ligurian Higher Institute of Religious Sciences, an institute of which he was dean from 1 December 1994 to 2007. In 1989 he also took up the position of professor of Christology, Anthropology and Sacramentary at the Genoa section of the Theological Faculty of Northern Italy.
In 1995 he was elected president of the diocesan commission for the pastoral problems of alternative religious movements and sects, while in 1996 he was appointed director of the diocesan office for culture and university.
Since 2003 he has been a consultant to the Congregation for the Clergy. From 2004 to 2007 he was a canon of the chapter of the cathedral of San Lorenzo.
Bishop of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato
On 6 December 2007, Pope Benedict XVI appointed him to succeed Bassano Staffieri as bishop of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato.
He received his episcopal ordination on 3 February 2008 in the cathedral of Genoa from Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco, archbishop of Genoa, assisted by Archbishop Mauro Piacenza, secretary of the Congregation for the Clergy and Bishop Staffieri, his predecessor in La Spezia. On 1 March he took possession of the diocese.
In 2008 he inaugurated the practice of diocesan Marian pilgrimages on the first Saturday of the month. The tradition was explicitly referred by him to the prescription of the first of the Secrets of Fátima, to dedicate the first Saturday to the Reparatory Communion. On 10 January 2010 he announced his pastoral visit, while between 23 and 24 April of the same year he presided over the two diocesan days on the educational challenge.
From 23 April 2010 to 2013 he was Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Communication and Culture Foundation of the Italian Episcopal Conference, which manages its media initiatives.
When La Spezia and Lunigiana suffered catastrophic flooding in October 2011, he visited the affected areas and sent his seminarians to assist relief efforts. He said: "These events are a school of life.... They will learn something true and real." As bishop of La Spezia, he took positions in support of unemployed workers at the former San Giorgio appliance factory and participated in several trade union demonstrations to make it clear he shared the workers' concerns.
Patriarch of Venice
On 31 January 2012, Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Patriarch of Venice. He was the first Genoese ever appointed patriarch of Venice. He was installed in Venice on 25 March. He received his pallium, the symbol of his role as a metropolitan, in St. Peter's Basilica on 29 June. Upon his appointment to Venice, his elevation to cardinal at the next consistory was predicted. When Pope Francis instead demonstrated a preference for sees not traditionally headed by a cardinal, the absence of Venice was noted, though it was also pointed out that "the current archbishops of both Venice and Turin are generally seen as members of the conservative wing of the Italian church". Another analysis finds him squarely in the model of Pope Francis' cardinals, especially in his concern for migrants and relations with Islam.
Since 29 May 2012 he has been president of the Triveneto Episcopal Conference consequently he is grand chancellor of the Theological Faculty of Triveneto which is based in Padua. Reconfirmation as president of the Regional Bishops' Conference in the following two terms (16 May 2017) and May 10, 2022) it is "the result of a broad support on the part of the bishops to the Patriarch who over the years has conducted the work of the CET in the name of communion and continuous confrontation for a journey together of the 15 Bishops of the Triveneto".
On 18 September 2012, Pope Benedict included him on his list of papal appointees to participate in the Synod of Bishops on the New Evangelization in October.
In Venice he continued to maintain a simple lifestyle, announcing that any furniture he needed could be found at IKEA and using only a Volkswagen Golf for transportation on the mainland as needed. He acted quickly to reduce administrative costs of the archdiocese, closing offices in the Calle degli Albanesi in the spring of 2013 and closing a high school.
In July 2014, he radically downsized the Studium Generale Marcianum, an education and research institute, established by his predecessor Angelo Scola. Since its founding in 2004, the Marcianum required financial support from private entities, and this produced a crisis when, in June 2014, a widespread scandal involving financial irregularities and bribery related to the MOSE hydraulic project involved one of the Marcianum's principal sponsors. Moraglia used the occasion to review the Marcianum anew in light of the pressures it placed on Church finances and the way corporate support placed inevitable restraints on its freedom. In July he announced the entire complex would be dismantled, with provision made for students who needed to complete their degree programs and for the needs of displaced employees. He took this action after Scola declined to provide financial support and having coordinated his decision with officials of the Roman Curia and informed Pope Francis.
He established the practice of weekday visits to each of the 128 parishes of the lagoon diocese which begins the week after its entry and completes in December 2014, celebrating Mass and meeting the faithful in the daily life of the weekdays It establishes, as already in La Spezia, the practice of diocesan Marian pilgrimages on the first Saturday of the month. On October 26, 2013 he started the mission of street evangelizers giving eighty boys the mandate to reach the pockets of the greatest degradation of the diocese.
It dedicates particular pastoral care to those in conditions of greater fragility, both personal (young people, prisoners, women victims of violence) and linked to the economic crisis that marks the diocesan territory and strengthens the structures of Caritas.
In 2016 he reorganized the patriarchate, organizing its 128 parishes into 40 groupings or "pastoral alliances" based on geographic access that supports collaboration. He initiated a series of pastoral visits to provoke these collaborations to action.
He dedicates his four pastoral letters to social issues: I know in whom I have placed my faith (14 October 2012),, The Christian faith in a context of widespread secularization (2 February 2013), Invitation to the Social Doctrine of the Church (1 May 2013), Family and city of men. Society, work and the common good (15 October 2013)(15 October 2013).
Venice suffered a series of record floods in 2018/19, which prompted Moraglia to use his annual sermon on the feast of the Madonna della Salute and a series of interviews to rouse the government and public opinion to action. He called for "a different model of development" designed for its citizens: "It cannot remain a Disneyland that has been sold off to tourists." He demanded "effective action plans" from officials he found disconnected from the city's shrinking population who "suffer not because they are losing everything, but because of the feeling of being abandoned". He said saving the exhausted residents needed to take priority over the city's artistic treasures. He called for banning visits by transatlantic liners and an end to "the suffocating onslaught of tourists", an end to corruption that leaves the city at risk of destruction. He hoped for urgent recognition that Venice "can no longer be entrusted to occasional funding and distracted policies". And underpinning his views was a call for respect for nature and "the alarms of the disturbed climate".
In June 2019, he attacked the Salvini government's immigration policies, called welcoming refugees "a duty", and characterized the construction of physical barriers as "illusory" and "out of touch with reality". He has also cooperated with the Muslim community of Venice in welcoming refugees from the former concentration camp in Cornetta.
In 2020 he appointed women to two positions previously reserved to men. In July 2020 he appointed Sister Simone Pereira de Araújo, FGC diocesan treasurer. In October 2020, he appointed Laura Friselle, an attorney, president of the Board of Directors of the Opera Santa Maria della Carità, a foundation that operates a public health agency that supports people with disabilities and a variety of addiction health issues.
Notes
References
External links
Venice flooding
Living people
1953 births
People from Genoa
Pontifical Urban University alumni
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Patriarchs of Venice
Members of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre
Technical Career Institutes, also known as TCI College, was a private, for-profit college in New York City that offered two year associate degrees and certificates for education in technology, business, engineering, healthcare and other career paths. It was dually accredited from the New York State Board of Regents and by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education. TCI's curricula offered training at the associate degree level taught by more than 190 faculty.
History
The school was founded in 1909 by Guglielmo Marconi as the Marconi Institute. By 1919 the school changed its name to RCA Institutes and then in 1974 it became Technical Career Institutes.
In 2009–2010 TCI had a 24% graduation rate and a 34.9% loan default rate, earning it the title from USA Today news as a "red flag school". It is not uncommon -profit colleges to have high rates of student loan default, which prompted a New York City Department of Consumer Affairs investigation in 2015.
On December 31, 2012, TCI was brought under the corporate control of EVCI Career Colleges Holding Corporation.
In May 2016, TCI named Dr. George Santiago, Jr. the president and CEO, he served until the schools closure in 2017.
A 2017 research study "Mobility Report Cards: The Role of Colleges in Intergenerational Mobility" done by Equality of Opportunity project on income mobility rates for low-income students named TCI the fourth top college in the United States for mobility. However additional research studies will need to be completed in order to better understand how and why some schools are performing better than others.
Closure
TCI's website states "On September 1, 2017, TCI College closed its doors". According to the New York State Department of Labor, Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) submission the close was based on economic factors.
Notable people
Alumni
Martin A. Armstrong, creator of the Economic Confidence Model
Iran Darroudi, artist, studied television direction and production.
Ronny Lee, American guitarist and arranger.
Prince (Omubiito) Solomon Michael Okwiri Adyeri Ishagara (son of Rukidi III of Toro), royalty in the Kingdom of Toro in Uganda.
Faculty
Rivka Bertisch Meir, 2005–2012 visiting professor of Health Sciences
References
External links
Video: TCI: The First Hundred Years on YouTube
Universities and colleges in New York City
Technological universities in the United States
Defunct private universities and colleges in New York City
1909 establishments in New York City
2017 disestablishments in New York (state)
Kherem () is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 17 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Chamsulvara Chamsulvarayev (September 6, 1984 – September 28, 2016) was a Russian male freestyle wrestler who represented Azerbaijan. He was born in Sergokalinsky, Dagestan, Russia.
Career
He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated from the competition losing to Murad Gaidarov in the 1/8 of final. He won a bronze medal on 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships. He was killed in Mosul, Iraq after joining the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
References
External links
Wrestler bio on NBC.com
1984 births
2016 deaths
Wrestlers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic wrestlers of Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani male sport wrestlers
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant members
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Azerbaijani military personnel killed in action
Military personnel killed in the Syrian civil war
Suck It and See is the fourth studio album by English rock band Arctic Monkeys, released on 6 June 2011 by Domino Recording Company. It was produced by the band's longtime collaborator James Ford and was recorded at Sound City Studios in Los Angeles in early 2011, using mostly live takes opposed to overdubbing.
Musically, Suck It and See represents a departure for the band following the darker sound of its predecessor Humbug (2009), the album features a wide variety of styles, from guitar pop to psychedelic pop. The album's title, a British phrase meaning "give it a try", was viewed as provocative in the United States and subsequently censored in some locations.
Upon release, the album was promoted with various singles and topped the UK Albums Chart and has been certified platinum in the country. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many calling it an improvement over its predecessor. Critics generally complimented the band's style shift, although opinion varied on Turner's lyrics. Retrospectively, reviewers have typically placed Suck It and See in the middle-low tier in rankings of the band's studio albums.
Recording and production
Arctic Monkeys wrote the album throughout 2010, with frontman Alex Turner writing the majority of the songs in New York, telling Metro magazine: "I wrote a lot of the new album while I was living in New York and I found myself using more English colloquialisms than ever." Recording took place at Sound City Studios in Los Angeles, California with producer James Ford over five weeks in January–February 2011. Turner has commented that rather than going into the studio with only rough sketches of songs, and making heavy use of overdubbing, the band focused much of their time rehearsing written songs together, coming up with new ideas in the process. Turner stated that the band recorded most of the album live in the studio, "So that meant we could really concentrate on beefing up the guitar sounds."
Suck It and See represents a departure for the band after the darker sound of their previous album Humbug (2009). Speaking to NME shortly before the album's release, drummer Matt Helders promised to deliver a more "instant", "poppy", and "vintage" sound in comparison to Humbug. Featuring a wide variety of styles, commentators have characterised the music as guitar pop, indie rock, indie pop, and psychedelic pop. Consequence of Sound further noted the presence of surf rock and the band's "own interpretation" of glam rock. Q magazine calls the album "the sound of a band drawing back the curtains and letting the sunshine in".
The track "Piledriver Waltz" was first released on Turner's debut EP, Submarine, where it was credited to Turner as a solo artist, featuring Ford on drums. The version included on Suck It and See is a re-recording with the whole band involved.
Title
According to Turner, the title is "an old Britishism, like a bit Dick Van Dyke-y, like 'give it a try' almost – it'd be a slogan for some candy." He acknowledged that saying "[didn't] really travel very well". The band settled on Suck It and See as the title after debating between titles such as The Rain-Shaped Shimmer Trap, The Thunder-Suckle Fuzz Canyon, The Blond-O-Sonic Rape Alarm, and Thriller, according to a band interview in the NME.
In the United States, the title on the cover sleeve was covered by a sticker in certain big-box retailers. In an interview with British radio station XFM, Turner said, "They think it is rude, disrespectful and they're putting a sticker over it in America in certain stores, big ones." The English idiom "suck it and see" means that something must be tried first, appearing, for example, in a 2010 The Economist headline and (as "suck 'em and see") in the advertising slogan of Fisherman's Friend lozenges.
Release and promotion
On 4 March 2011, the band premièred on its website a new track called "Brick by Brick" with lead vocals by Matt Helders. Helders explained that this is not a single, just a tease of what is coming and that it is going to be on the upcoming album. The album's title and release date were unveiled six days later on 10 March.
Arctic Monkeys embarked in May 2011 on their Suck It and See Tour. They headlined the Benicàssim Festival 2011 alongside the Strokes, Arcade Fire and Primal Scream. They also headlined Oxegen 2011, Super Bock Super Rock 2011, V Festival 2011, Rock Werchter and T in The Park. They confirmed on 7 February that they were playing two "massive homecoming shows" at the Don Valley Bowl in Sheffield on 10 and 11 June, support included Miles Kane, Anna Calvi, the Vaccines and Dead Sons and Mabel Love, clips from the show were also used in the music video for "The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala". They played at Lollapalooza in Chicago, Illinois from 5–7 August 2011. On 21 August, they also played at Lowlands, the Netherlands. The tour continued until March 2012.
On 13 May, Arctic Monkeys appeared on Later... with Jools Holland and performed four tracks from the album: "Library Pictures", "Don't Sit Down 'Cause I've Moved Your Chair", "Reckless Serenade" and "The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala".
Singles
Four singles were released to promote the album. The lead single, "Don't Sit Down 'Cause I've Moved Your Chair", was released digitally on 12 April 2011, and on 16 April three thousand 7" vinyl copies were released worldwide by the band as part of Record Store Day, backed with "Brick by Brick". It was given a wider release on 30 May 2011, available on 10" vinyl and digital download with backed with "The Blond-O-Sonic Shimmer Trap" and "I.D.S.T.", and on 7" vinyl, backed with "I.D.S.T.".
The second single taken from the album, "The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala", was released on 15 August 2011, backed with a new Death Ramps track featuring Miles Kane, "Little Illusion Machine (Wirral Riddler)". Most of the stock was burned because of the London riots. A limited edition 7" Vinyl of the single was then released over the band's website on 14 August. The song reached No. 15. in Belgium. On 31 October 2011, the title track "Suck It and See" was released as the third single, backed with a new song, "Evil Twin". They performed the song on The Graham Norton Show on 28 October. The fourth and final single, "Black Treacle", was released on 23 January 2012, backed with a second new Death Ramps song, "You & I", featuring Richard Hawley. In March, the band embarked on a North American stadium tour supporting the Black Keys.
Commercial performance
The album has been successful commercially. In its first week of release, the album debuted at number one in the United Kingdom, selling over 82,000 units and knocking Lady Gaga's Born This Way off the top spot. In its second week, the album sold a further 34,910 units in the UK. The album sold 154,000 units in its first week worldwide, selling 333,000 units overall. On 30 May, a week before official release, Domino Records streamed the entire album on SoundCloud. Within a few hours of being made public, the first two tracks had reached over 10,000 listens each, and by the end of the week, each had accrued over 100,000 plays.
Critical reception
Suck It and See received positive reviews from critics, with a 74 rating at Metacritic based on 32 critics.
Jody Rosen of Rolling Stone called the album the band's best since their debut. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic stated: "Suck It and See may be at the opposite end of the spectrum from Humbug – it's concentrated and purposeful where its predecessor sprawled – yet it still demands attention from the listener, delivering its rewards according to just how much time you're willing to devote." Although Andrew Perry of The Daily Telegraph felt the record was an improvement over Humbug, he still writes that the album contains "jangling riffs" and "laugh-out-loud lyrics that would make Morrissey proud". Similarly, The Guardians Alexis Petridis also considered Suck It and See to be an improvement over its predecessor, complimenting the band's style shift. Nevertheless, he felt some tracks were not that memorable, while some of Turner's lyrics were below average in comparison to previous efforts. Overall, Petridis calls Suck It and See "the first Arctic Monkeys album that tries to ensnare the listener with its tunes," as opposed to guitar riffs and lyrics, and represents the band becoming "an increasingly well-rounded rock band." Marc Hogan of Pitchfork also gave the album a positive review, calling it the band's "most rewarding" record to date. Unlike other reviewers, Hogan complimented Turner's lyrics, calling them "always keenly-observed", further complimenting the music as "ever-proficient". He overall praised the group's evolution up to that point. In July, the album won Mojo award for the Best Album of 2011. Mojo placed the album at number 39 on its list of "Top 50 albums of 2011."
The album still received some mixed reviews. Evan Rytlewski of The A.V. Club criticised Turner's lyrics as less sly and sophisticated, while also finding the songs themselves to be slower and less memorable than their previous efforts. Kyle Anderson of Entertainment Weekly found that although the album "hits hard", "the boyish energy of their early work is still missed." Dorian Lynksey of The Word was also mixed, stating that "an overload of hyper-chiselled lyricism and a touch too much of yer manly riff-rock." NME named the album cover, an artwork free cream monochrome after the styling of the Beatles' White Album, as one of the worst in history.
Retrospectively, reviewers have typically placed Suck It and See in the middle-low tier in rankings of the band's studio albums. In 2015, NME ranked Suck It and See fourth of the band's five albums up to that point. Lisa Wright writes that the album displayed a variety of styles that "showed a band absolutely in control of what they were doing and one that could bend ideas and genres to fit to their own shape." In 2018, Consequence of Sound ranked Suck It and See fourth of the band's six albums up to that point. Sarah Midkiff states: "While experimental, it's a distillation of their previous works, emerging stylistically confident in their choices." The same year, the album was given the same ranking by the Evening Standard, with Harry Fletcher stating that although the record lacked strong singles and "standout moments", he gave praise to Turner's lyrics, calling them some of his finest up to that point.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Arctic Monkeys
Alex Turner
Jamie Cook
Nick O'Malley
Matt Helders
Additional musicians
Josh Homme – backing vocals on "All My Own Stunts"
Technical
James Ford – production
James Brown – engineering
Sean Oakley – engineering assistance
David Covell – engineering assistance
Craig Silvey – mixing
Morgan Stratton – mixing assistance
Bryan Wilson – mixing assistance
George Marino – mastering
Artwork
Matthew Cooper – art direction, design
Jason Evans – art direction, design
Aaron Brown – photography
Charts
Chart positions
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
2011 albums
Arctic Monkeys albums
Domino Recording Company albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by James Ford (musician)
Albums recorded at Sound City Studios
Jeremiah Shuttleworth ( – ) was a merchant and postmaster from Dedham, Massachusetts.
Personal life
Shuttleworth married Susanna "Sukey" Richards on February 1, 1798, and they were the parents of four children, including Hannah, Sam, and Jerry. He was an incorporator of St. Paul's Church and served on the vestry. His sister, Melitiah Shuttleworth, married Nathaniel Ames.
Shuttleworth died October 11, 1858.
Career
Jeremiah ran the West India Goods store out of his home, located at the corner of Church and High Streets. It was likely the first permanent grocery store in Dedham.
On April 1, 1795, Shuttleworth was appointed Dedham's first postmaster. The post office, one of the first in the country, was housed in the store, where he would place all the mail on a table. Residents would come into the store and help themselves to any letters addressed to them. Shuttleworth was replaced as postmaster 38 years later, in 1833, by Dr. Elisha Thayer. At his resignation in 1833, it was thought he was the oldest postmaster in the country.
House
Shuttleworth leased a lot of land from St. Paul's Church at the corner of Church and High Streets. The minister, William Montague, referred to the intersection as "Jere Square" in his honor. The window shutters, which were painted green,w ere never opened. In front of the store were scales for weighing hay.
For many years, important notices were tacked to a buttonwood tree in front of the house. It was where, for example, the first notice of Abraham Lincoln's death was posted. Local tradition holds that the first notice posted there was a $50 reward for a stolen horse. During the Civil War, when a soldier drilling pulled out an umbrella during a shower, he was hung in effigy from the tree.
Shuttleworth left the house to Hannah, and upon her death she left it to the Dedham Historical Society. The Historical Society sold the Shuttleworth home, which was moved to Bryant St, and custom built a new building for themselves on the lot.
In 1936, Charles Mills painted a portrait of his house, where his shop and post office were. It is currently in the collection of the Historical Society and was cleaned and conserved in 2016.
Notes
References
Works cited
Massachusetts postmasters
Businesspeople from Dedham, Massachusetts
1760 births
1858 deaths
Burials at Old Village Cemetery
Hazardia is a small genus of North American flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. Plants in this genus may be called bristleweeds or goldenbushes.
Hazardia is native to the western United States and northwestern Mexico, including offshore islands in the Pacific. The genus is especially common in California, and on the Baja California Peninsula in Mexico, with a few species extending into Oregon and Nevada. They are short, hardy perennials or small leafy shrubs. Some species have sharply toothed leaves. Generally they bear yellow flowers, with some having ray florets and appearing somewhat daisylike while others have only disc florets.
The genus was named after amateur botanist Barclay Hazard of Santa Barbara, 1852–1938.
Species
Hazardia berberidis - Baja California, Baja California Sur
Hazardia brickellioides - brickellbush goldenweed - California, Nevada
Hazardia cana - island hazardia, San Clemente Island hazardia - San Clemente Island, Guadalupe Island
Hazardia detonsa - island bristleweed - Santa Cruz Island
Hazardia ferrisiae - Baja California
Hazardia orcuttii - Baja California, San Diego County
Hazardia rosarica - Baja California
Hazardia squarrosa - sawtooth goldenbush - southern California
Hazardia stenolepis - serpentine bristleweed - California
Hazardia vernicosa - Baja California
Hazardia whitneyi - Whitney's bristleweed - California, Oregon
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
United States Department of Agriculture - Plant Profile
Asteraceae genera
Flora of North America
Flora of Baja California
Flora of Baja California Sur
Flora of Mexican Pacific Islands
N-ISDN (Narrowband Integrated Switch digital Network) was an attempt to replace the analog telephone system with a digital one. Unfortunately, the standardization process was too long and regarding the technology progress in this area, once the standard was finally agreed, it was obsolete.
It generally uses 64 kbit/s channel as the basic unit of switching.
It has a circuit switching orientation.
Its major contribution was Frame Relay.
It describes telecommunication that carries voice information in a narrow band of frequencies.
N-ISDN basic rate is too low so for home as for business today. N-ISDN may be partly saved, but by an unexpected application: Internet access. Various companies now sell ISDN adapters that combine the 2B + D channels into a single 144 kbit/s digital channel. Many Internet providers also support these adapters. So the people can access the Internet over a 144 kbit/s digital link, instead of a 28.8 kbit/s analog modem link and for affordable price that may be a niche for N-ISDN for the next few years.
N-ISDN is also known as Normal-ISDN.
Narrowband refers to data communication and telecommunications tools, technologies and services that utilize a narrower set or band of frequencies in the communication channel. These utilize the channel frequency that is considered flat or which will use a lesser number of frequency sets.
Narrowband is typically implemented in telecommunication technologies to carry voice data on a limited number of frequency sets. The size of the message sent via a narrowband technique utilizes lesser bandwidth than the cumulative bandwidth of the underlying channel.
Narrowband is also used in sending audio spectrums that consume a restricted range of frequencies. The US FCC has allocated a specific range of frequency for mobile radio services based on narrowband that spans from 50cps to 64kbit/s.
References
Telecommunications standards
Sequin in a Blue Room is a 2019 Australian independent queer coming-of-age, mystery and drama film directed by Samuel Van Grinsven, in his feature film debut. It was written by Van Grinsven and Jory Anast. The film stars Conor Leach in his feature film debut, Simon Croker, Anthony Brandon Wong and Jeremy Lindsay Taylor. It had its world premiere on 14 June 2019 at the Sydney Film Festival, where it won an award for Best Narrative Feature, and was released in theatres in August 2020. The film received generally wide acclaim, and American review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes certified the film fresh with a score of . It was filmed on location in Sydney.
Plot
Sixteen year old Sequin is queer and comfortable with his sexuality and has a healthy relationship with his father. He prefers anonymous and unconditional sexual encounters over having a serious and meaningful relationship. Sequin meets his one-night-stands through a dating app, and quickly ghosts them after their sexual liaison, in order to remain emotionally detached. But that all changes when he has a sexual encounter with B, a much older married man, who becomes obsessed with him and wants to meet up with him again. Back in school, he is asked out on a traditional date by Tommy who has a crush on him, and Sequin accepts. When Sequin gets invited by D to a group sex party at 'The Blue Room', B spots him and begins chasing him, until he is suddenly rescued by Edward, who he then has sex with. Immediately afterwards, Edward leaves telling Sequin to find him "out there", but he doesn't know who he is or anything about him, so he decides to track him down. After returning home from the sex party, Tommy arrives for their date, but Sequin has forgotten about it and blows him off. The next day he hesitantly reconnects with B, and has sex with him again in order to steal his phone to look for clues about The Blue Room. But after his wife keeps on calling the phone now in Sequin's possession, B starts stalking Sequin and pursuing him in order to get his phone back. Later, Sequin finds some contacts in the phone which lead him to an encounter with Virginia, a drag queen, who he ends up getting high with. Sequin is so wasted that he doesn't go home, and his dad gets mad and messages him that he has been kicked out. Near the end, he gets tricked into returning to The Blue Room based on false information on how to find Edward, but when he arrives, he is ambushed by B who savagely beats him. Having nowhere to go, he returns to Virginia's place, where he nurses his wounds, and they end up discussing his obsession with finding Edward. Virginia reveals information that leads to Sequin finally finding Edward, but when he follows him home, he discovers that Edward is in a relationship already. In the end, he reconciles with his dad and goes home, and the final scene shows Sequin and Tommy in his room watching Twilight together.
Cast
Conor Leach as Sequin
Simon Croker as Tommy
Anthony Brandon Wong as Virginia
Jeremy Lindsay Taylor as Dad
Samuel Barrie as Edward
Joshua Shediak as A
Ed Wightman as B
Patrick Cullen as C
Damian de Montemas as D
Tsu Shan Chambers as Teacher
Darren Kumar as Henry
Nancy Denis as Ari
Production notes
In an interview with The Queer Review, Van Grinsven said that many of the storylines in the film were directly based on his own coming-of-age experiences, and his film was also influenced by New Queer Cinema, and the early works of Gregg Araki and Gus Van Sant. He also revealed that the movie was his graduate work from Australian Film, Television and Radio School, so it was filmed on a meager budget of only $45,000. Van Grinsven said the colour blue was almost entirely removed from the film; the outside scenes had no blue skies, and it was not visible in the costumes, set design and grading. He wanted to reserve it for the scene in 'The Blue Room', where the anonymous group sex party takes place. His reasoning for excluding the colour was to explore the effect it had on the audience when a certain colour is withheld and then you are suddenly immersed in it.
Van Grinsven disclosed that Conor Leach was cast in the role of Sequin in a very unconventional way. Having no track record at filmmaking, a lot of agents and actors were reluctant to work with him. Leach had no prior film experience, but his agent sent Van Grinsven an email about Conor anyway, and he asked for an audition tape. He only watched the first two lines of Leach's tape, and said he knew "in an instant that he captured the self-awareness, quiet confidence, and the cunning energy of the character". After meeting with him in person, he was offered the role on the spot. Simon Croker who appears in the film as Tommy, a love interest of Sequin, is an alumnus of Australian Film, Television and Radio School, along with the film's producer, editor and cinematographer.
Release
The film had its world premiere in June 2019 at the Sydney Film Festival, where it won an award for Best Narrative Feature. It had additional film festival screenings at the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and Oldenburg International Film Festival, where it received two nominations respectively for Best Film. The movie had a limited theatrical release in August 2020, and grossed $12,872 at the box office.
Critical reception
Harry Windsor of The Hollywood Reporter gave it a positive review, saying actor Conor Leach is "quietly riveting at the film's centre" and overall the film is an "auspicious feature debut...and upholstered by an impressive command of good old-fashioned craft" by director Samuel Van Grinsven. Peter Sobczynski from RogerEbert.com said the film "moves with a confidence and style that keeps you hooked throughout", and said Leach gives an "impressive performance". Overall, Sobczynski rated the film . Peter Debruge writes that director Van Grinsven "opts not to dwell on the cautionary side of his striking 21st-century coming-of-age fable", and the film expertly "blends elements of fantasy and thriller", for a generally "illuminating" experience. Gary Kramer wrote in his review for Gay City News that director Van Grinsven is definitely talented, "but despite its potential, this intriguing coming-of-age film never quite excites". However, Kramer did note that the cinematography is "gorgeously lensed" by Jay Grant.
The Guardian said that although coming-of-age stories are not at all uncommon, Van Grinsven directs this film with "lustre and style", and praised the performance of Leach as a "silky, feline presence who owns every moment that he's on screen". Tara Brady from The Irish Times, along with several other film reviewers, commented on the opening title card: "A Homosexual Film by Samuel Van Grinsven", comparing it to Gregg Arakis films, who introduced his movies in a similar fashion like The Living End and The Doom Generation, and citing Araki as an influence on Van Grinsven's directorial debut. Brady also noted that "this clever, compelling project was completed as the director's masters project". Alex Davidson from the British Film Institute said the absence of women in the film is noticeable, but you don't ever see Van Grinsen directly address that absence. In conclusion, Davidson said the film "is a riveting and constantly surprising debut...and all the performances are strong".
Randy Shulman from Metro Weekly said that while the film is visually appealing, the narrative is a little thin, but actor Conor Leach makes the film worthwhile, saying his performance was "magnificent, multi-layered, and a canny mix of sensuality, teenage cockiness, vulnerability and, when needed, utter panic". The London Times also praised Leach's performance, but criticised the ending.
Rotten Tomatoes certified the film fresh with a score of , with the critics consensus saying the film "proves the coming-of-age genre still has fresh stories to tell and establishes debuting director Samuel Van Grinsven as a strikingly talented filmmaker."
Accolades
Sydney Film Festival (winner Audience Award Best Narrative Feature)
Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (nominee Best Indie Film)
Australian Directors Guild Awards (nominee Best Direction in a Feature Film)
Oldenburg International Film Festival (nominee Best Film)
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Sequin in a Blue Room at Rotten Tomatoes
Sequin in a Blue Room at Metacritic
2019 films
2019 LGBT-related films
2010s coming-of-age drama films
2010s teen drama films
Australian LGBT-related films
Australian drama films
Australian mystery films
Australian thriller films
Australian coming-of-age films
Australian coming-of-age drama films
Australian independent films
Coming-of-age drama films
LGBT-related coming-of-age films
Teen LGBT-related films
Films set in Sydney
Gay-related films
2019 drama films
2010s English-language films
(1887–1975) was a Japanese zoologist, palaeontologist, and archaeologist, and a recipient of the Imperial Academy Prize.
Biography
Born in Meiji 20 (1887), Matsumoto graduated from the Department of Zoology, Tokyo Imperial University, in 1911. From 1914 to 1933 he taught at Tohoku Imperial University, initially as a lecturer, then from 1922 as professor. From 1955, he was professor of biology at Fukushima Medical University, where he taught basic medicine. In 1921, he was awarded the Imperial Academy Prize in recognition of his work on brittle stars (Ophiuroidea). His contributions to the field of vertebrate palaeontology include descriptions of the Akebono elephant (Stegodon aurorae) and Hanaizumi bison (Bison hanaizumiensis), while as an archaeologist he helped develop typologies of Jōmon ceramics. Matsumoto died in 1975.
References
External links
Matsumoto Hikoshichirō (Japan Paleobiology Database)
Japanese paleontologists
1887 births
1975 deaths
Grundy County High School (GCHS) is a public high school near Coalmont, Tennessee that serves students in Grundy County, Tennessee. It is the only high school in the Grundy County Schools system.
History
The school was founded in 1928, replacing an older school. The original building was destroyed by fire in March 1935, and classes did not resume until 1940, when a new school building was built.
Demographics
The ethnic makeup of the school is approximately 99.0% Non-Hispanic White, 0.7% Hispanic or Latino, 0.1% Asian, and 0.1% from two or more races. Approximately 52.5% of students are male and 47.5% are female.
Athletics
The school's mascot is the yellow jacket, and its colors are purple and vegas gold. It competes in the Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association (TSSAA). Its sports are:
Football
Baseball
Softball
Boys' Basketball
Girls' Basketball - state championship (1998)
Boys' Cross Country
Girls' Cross Country
Boys' Golf
Girls' Golf
Cheerleading
Volleyball
References
Public high schools in Tennessee
Educational institutions established in 1928
1928 establishments in Tennessee
Grundy County, Tennessee
Phtheochroa birdana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from New York to Florida and from Illinois to Texas. It has also been recorded from Ontario.
The wingspan is about 27 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to September, but also in October in Florida.
The larvae feed on Helianthus species and Rudbeckia laciniata. They bore into the roots of the host plant.
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
Valerian Savelievich (Saulovich) Dovgalevsky (23 September 1885 – 14 July 1934) was a member of the Bolshevik revolutionary movement, Soviet statesman, diplomat and People's Commissar of Posts and Telegraphs of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic.
He was a member of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party since 1908 and the French Socialist Party since 1915.
Biography
He participated in the revolutionary movement since 1904. In 1906, he was arrested and sentenced to an eternal settlement. In the spring of 1908 however, he fled abroad.
1908–1910 – Secretary of the Bolshevik group in Liège (Belgium);
1911–1914 – Secretary of the Bolshevik group in Toulouse (France);
Graduated from the Electrotechnical Institute in Toulouse in 1913.
In July 1917, he returned to Russia and in 1918, he joined the Red Army.
1919–1920 – in the People's Commissariat of Railways of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic;
1920 – Member of the Commission of the Council of Labor and Defense of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic for the restoration of roads in Siberia and the Urals;
1920 – communications inspector and commissar of the district engineering department in Kiev;
1921–1923 – People's Commissar of Posts and Telegraphs of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic;
1923–1924 – Deputy People's Commissar of Posts and Telegraphs of the Soviet Union;
1924–1927 – Plenipotentiary Representative of the Soviet Union in Sweden;
March – October 1927 – Plenipotentiary Representative of the Soviet Union in Japan;
1927–1934 – Plenipotentiary Representative of the Soviet Union in France.
In October 1929, he signed a protocol in London on the restoration of Soviet–British diplomatic relations, which were severed in May 1927. In November 1932, he signed the Soviet–French Non–Aggression Pact. Since 1933, he took part in the work of the conference on disarmament in Geneva.
He died on 14 July 1934, in a clinic near Paris from intestinal cancer. Condolences over his death were expressed by President Albert Lebrun and Foreign Minister Louis Barthou. He was cremated at the Père Lachaise crematorium. The urn with his ashes was delivered by plane to Moscow and buried in the Necropolis Near the Kremlin Wall.
References
External links
Dovgalevsky Valerian Savelievich
Biography in the Handbook of the History of the Communist Party and the Soviet Union 1898–1991
1885 births
1934 deaths
Burials at the Kremlin Wall Necropolis
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Soviet diplomats
Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to Sweden
Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to Japan
Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to France
French socialists
Deaths from cancer in France
Deaths from colorectal cancer
The Competition Bureau () is the competition regulator in Canada. It is an independent Canadian law enforcement agency that ensures that markets operate in a competitive, innovative manner.
Headed by the commissioner of competition, the bureau is responsible for the administration and enforcement of the Competition Act, the Consumer Packaging and Labelling Act, the Textile Labelling Act and the Precious Metals Marking Act.
Commissioner
The current commissioner of competition is Matthew Boswell. He served as senior deputy commissioner of competition before being appointed to his current position.
The commissioner is responsible for the administration and enforcement of the Competition Act and three labelling statutes, the Consumer Packaging and Labelling Act, the Precious Metals Marking Act and the Textile Labelling Act.
Under the Competition Act, the commissioner can launch inquiries, challenge civil and merger matters before the Competition Tribunal, make recommendations on criminal matters to the Public Prosecution Service of Canada, and intervene as a competition advocate before federal and provincial bodies.
As head of the Canadian Competition Bureau, the commissioner leads the bureau's participation in international fora such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and the International Competition Network (ICN), to develop and promote coordinated competition laws and policies in an increasingly globalized marketplace.
Organization
Matthew Boswell — Commissioner of competition
Jeanne Pratt — Senior deputy commissioner, Mergers and Monopolistic Practices Branch
Stéphane Lamoureux — Senior deputy commissioner, Cartels and Deceptive Marketing Practices Branch
Anthony Durocher — Deputy commissioner, Competition Promotion Branch
Mario Mainville — Executive director, Corporate Services Branch
Source:
Branches
Mergers and Monopolistic Practices Branch
The Mergers and Monopolistic Practices Branch reviews proposed merger transactions and investigates practices that could negatively impact competition. The Mergers Directorate reviews proposed mergers to assess whether the transactions are likely to substantially prevent or lessen competition in the marketplace. The Monopolistic Practices Directorate detects, investigates and deters business practices that have a negative impact on competition, such as abuse of dominance, as well as certain types of anti‑competitive agreements or arrangements between competitors.
Cartels and Deceptive Marketing Practices Branch
The Cartels and Deceptive Marketing Practices Branch fights criminal or deceptive business practices that hurt consumers and competition in the marketplace. The Cartels Directorate detects, investigates and deters genuine cartels, including conspiracies, agreements or arrangements among competitors and potential competitors to fix prices, rig bids, allocate markets or restrict supply. The directorate also reaches out to stakeholders engaged in procurement to enable them to detect and deter bid-rigging and other cartel activities. The Deceptive Marketing Practices Directorate detects, investigates and deters false or misleading representations and deceptive marketing practices identified under the Competition Act. The directorate also enforces related legislation, i.e. the Consumer Packaging and Labelling Act (except as it relates to food), the Precious Metals Marking Act and the Textile Labelling Act.
Competition Promotion Branch
The Competition Promotion Branch encourages the adoption of pro-competition positions, policies, and behaviours by businesses, consumers, regulators, government and international partners. The branch also provides economic analysis in support of enforcement, and leads the bureau's planning and reporting processes. Also within this branch is the International Affairs Directorate, which establishes working relationships with foreign competition law agencies and tribunals.
Corporate Services Branch
The Corporate Services Branch provides advice, planning and services for the effective operation of the bureau's financial, asset, information management and human resource activities, as well as access to information, privacy, values and ethics, security and procurement matters. The branch also provides expertise in complaint management and evidence collection and preservation in support of the bureau's mandate.
Legal support
Competition Bureau Legal Services (DOJ)
The Competition Bureau Legal Services of the Department of Justice is responsible for providing legal services to the commissioner and for representing the commissioner on all matters other than those for which the Public Prosecution Service of Canada is responsible.
Competition Law Section (PPSC)
The Competition Law Section of the Public Prosecution Service of Canada is responsible for initiating and conducting criminal prosecutions on behalf of the Attorney General of Canada and for advising the bureau on criminal investigations.
See also
Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre
References
External links
Competition Bureau website
Federal departments and agencies of Canada
Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada
Competition regulators
Federal law enforcement agencies of Canada
Consumer organizations in Canada
Regulation in Canada
Wang Tong (; born 2 August 1997) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Shenzhen.
Club career
Wang Tong would play for the Shenzhen youth team and was promoted to the senior team in the 2018 China League One campaign where he made his debut and scored his first goal in a Chinese FA Cup game on 10 April 2018 against Suzhou Dongwu F.C. in a 2-1 defeat. He goes on to be part of the squad would gain promotion to the top tier at the end of the league campaign.
Career statistics
Notes
References
External links
Wang Tong at Worldfootball.net
1997 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football midfielders
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Shenzhen F.C. players
Endgames were a Scottish pop band active during the 1980s. They released two albums on Virgin Records, but failed to achieve significant commercial success.
History
Origins and early years
Endgames are formed in Glasgow, Scotland by David Rudden (bass, vocals) and David Murdoch (keyboards).
The band began through gigging at clubs and colleges in Glasgow, Scotland, and eventually appeared as a support act for the band Simple Minds in late December 1979, for which they received a rather lukewarm mention at the "New Musical Express" ("Pleasant rather disturbing, End Game [sic!] have some good, if half-formed ideas... but at least they don't sound like the Berlin Blondes").
During the second half of 1980, Endgames played in the London area (joined with drummer David Wilde). Their early style is represented on various artists compilations recordings released during 1980–1981: Beyond the Groove and Live Letters (both on Polydor Records), which documented bands that played in the well-known South London club 101; and Heat from the Street (on Charisma).
Endgames attracted interest from BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel, and recorded their first session for his show (broadcast in March 1981). Recordings were done not only in London, but in Glasgow, too - for example, Endgames were the last band to do a recording session at the second home of Ca Va Studios in May 1981. During this time they played synth-rock characterized by cold-sounding synths, stiff rhythms and dark, brooding vocals reminiscent of Philip Oakey. This didn't sit well with the labels searching for the "next big thing" or the press, generally not very supportive of the "futurist"/electronic movement.
Soon, however, their music started to show a much more commercial approach, with David Murdoch and David Rudden rediscovering youth influences in disco music of the 1970s (Boney M., Barry White, Marshall Hain). The record companies, indifferent to their earlier style, quickly showed an interest in the wake of success of such bands as Haircut 100 and ABC. First Endgames signed with Warner - "for a week then they decided they didne want us". But they were quickly taken on board by Mercury (a subdivision of Phonogram), with which the band signed a basic two singles deal in Spring 1982. "Our aims are to make aggressively commercial music - that means aggressive and commercial in equal measures", - commented David Rudden. By that time the line-up changed and expanded, with Wilde joining Altered Images he was replaced by Brian McGee (who left Simple Minds in mid 1981), and Douglas Muirden (saxophone, keyboards) being added.
In April, their debut single "We Feel Good (Future's Looking Fine)" was released. With its writing credited to The Enjoyment Club (their short-lived moniker), it was produced by John Leckie (famed for his work with Simple Minds, Magazine, Bill Nelson, XTC etc.). The single received support from ABC's Martin Fry who commented on its "tremendous potential that might borrow from Chic's "I Want Your Love" but maintains interest from start to finish... when Endgames get a mix that gives them more clarity they'll enjoy chart success". The band also recorded the second "Peel Session", showcasing their new direction.
October saw the release of their second single, catchy synthpop "First-Last-For Everything" (featured in the recent "Peel Session"), produced by Steve Levine (soon famed for the production work with Culture Club). It found success in clubs in Europe and North America, receiving significant airplay in Canada, especially on the "alternative" radio station CFNY-FM (Toronto), while in the US it was a club success, with the DJ-oriented remix service Disconet choosing it for a dance edit treatment. Eventually it charted in the Billboard magazine Disco/Dance Chart, peaking at No. 31.
Still, the hoped mass commercial success wasn't forthcoming and Mercury chose not to continue with the band. Soon offers came flooding in from other major record companies, creating a "bidding war". It was won by Virgin Records, with which Endgames signed for the UK and Europe. The US labels also sought to contract the band - among the "power players" that showed enough interest to travel to Glasgow to meet the band were Tommy Mottola (then of The Champion Entertainment Organization, later president of Sony Music), Ed Leffler and Bill Aucoin (manager of Kiss and Billy Idol). Eventually MCA Records succeeded in signing them for the North-American market with Aucoin becoming their manager. By that time the line-up officially expanded to sextet with the addition of Willie Gardner (guitar, backing vocals, bass) - former leader of the promising Scottish power pop/new wave band Zones, who also released a couple of solo singles.
Commercial semi-success and break-up
The first single in this third phase of the band's career was "Waiting for Another Chance", released in July 1983. It became a substantial hit in Scotland, but didn't appear on the UK charts (Scotland is treated as a regional market so anything that sells strongly there but has little success elsewhere isn't allowed to appear on the national chart). However, the song was well received in West Germany where, after the appearance on the TV music show and aided by a colourful videoclip (modelled after the UK 12" cover with the Japanese fan motif), it became a sizeable hit (No. 21 in September). The song also briefly charted in Switzerland.
In October 1983, Virgin released their first album, Building Beauty, produced by Colin Campsie and George McFarlane of the dance-pop duo The Quick. It was a polished album with the sentimental but upbeat sound in vein of the "technologically enhanced blue-eyed soul and funk" of ABC and Heaven 17 (who themselves sought to update the classic Motown sound for the 80s), with vocal stylings recalling Michael Jackson at times. The album's liner notes reveal heavy use of the latest advancements in music technology to augment and enhance the "standard" instrumentation (like piano, drums, guitars and saxophone): electronic drums and drum machines (Simmons, LinnDrum), synthesizers (Korg Polysix, PPG Wave, Roland Jupiter 4, Mini Moog, Oberheim OB-Xa), computers (J.J. Jeczalik of The Art of Noise is credited with Fairlight programming). Building Beauty was greeted enthusiastically in some publications with Betty Page proclaiming in Record Mirror: "Endgames has come up trumps with a debut elpee every bit as spirited and accomplished as True".
Building Beauty was released in the USA in February 1984 with a slightly different running order. "Waiting for Another Chance" and "Love Cares" were serviced to radio stations and clubs as promos, with their accompanying clips distributed through music video services like Telegenics and RockAmerica. Additionally, their songs "Desire" and "Ecstasy" received attention from the R&B radio (especially the latter - in the form of a "Centurion Mix", released on the B-side of "Miracle in My Heart" 12", which became popular as an import). "Love Cares" charted in Billboard, reaching No. 47 on the Disco/Dance Chart, but MCA didn't promote the band enough so the actual sales weren't strong with the album failing to chart. Meanwhile, Endgames toured as a support to Howard Jones during his sold-out first tour of the UK in March–April 1984. But the single "Desire" (fourth off the album), failed to catch on.
so it sold poorly. Virgin then ended their contract and not long afterwards Endgames disbanded.
Legacy
The band's most enduring song proved to be First-Last-For Everything, which regularly appears on various European compilations of '80s pop and new wave is now considered a cult underground dance hit, meanwhile occasionally getting played by radio stations like CFNY during "retro" shows. "Ecstasy" endured popularity on R&B radio and turned into a source of samples in the field of hip-hop. In 1994, the song was sampled by rap group Heavy D & The Boyz on the title track of their album Nuttin' But Love, which became a noticeable hit (No. 40 on the Billboard Hot 100, Top 20 on R&B and Hot Rap Tracks charts), while the album reached No. 11 on the Billboard Top 200, topped the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and was certified Double Platinum. In 2007, "Ecstasy" was sampled by rapper Lil' Flip on his track "Flippin'" from the album I Need Mine (No. 15 on the Billboard Top 200 and Top 5 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop and Top Rap Albums charts).
Discography
Albums
Building Beauty (1983) [LP: V 2287 / Cassette: TCV 2287]
Natural (1985) [Virgin – 206 975-620, Virgin – 206 975]
Singles
Mercury/Phonogram
"We Feel Good (Future's Looking Fine)" (April 1982) [7": GAME 1 / 12": GAME 12]
"First-Last-For Everything" (October 1982) [7": GAME 2 / 12": GAME 12]
Virgin Records
"Waiting for Another Chance" (June 1983) [7": VS 605 / 12": VS 605-12]
"Love Cares" (September 1983) [7": VS 617 / Shaped Picture Disc: VSS 617 / 12": VS 617-12]
"Miracle in My Heart" (31 October 1983) [7": VS 640 / 12": VS 640-12]
"Desire" (March 1984) [7": VS 651 / 12": VS 651-12]
References
Scottish pop music groups
Scottish new wave musical groups
British synth-pop new wave groups
The Children (Care and Protection) Act 1987 was legislation in New South Wales that dealt with the guardianship and care of children. It was repealed by section 3 of the Children and Young Persons Legislation (Repeal and Amendment) Act 1998 and replaced with the Children and Young Persons (Care and Protection) Act 1998.
External links
Austlii - Children and Young Persons Legislation (Repeal and Amendment) Act 1998 - section 3
Austlii - Children (Care and Protection) Act 1987
1987 in Australian law
New South Wales legislation
Children's rights in Australia
Australian family law
1980s in New South Wales
Piero Foscari was an Italian merchant ship and then auxiliary cruiser of the Regia Marina.
Built in 1928 for the Società Anonima di Navigazione Adriatica, it was originally a motor ship of 3,423 tons. Foscari served as a transport ship for the Regia Marina from 18 to 25 August 1940, and in 1941 was converted into an auxiliary cruiser to act as convoy escort. On 18 December 1942, while travelling from Naples to Civitavecchia, she was damaged by the torpedoes of the British minelaying submarine .
After the Armistice with Italy of 9 September 1943, while en route from Genoa to escort the merchant ship Valverde, she was shelled by coastal artillery and attacked by three German patrol boats and the minelayers Pommern and Brandenburg. Foscari took refuge at Castiglioncello, where she was sunk at 17:30 the following day in another attack by German units.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Auxiliary cruisers
Cruisers of the Regia Marina
Ships built in Trieste
1928 ships
Maritime incidents in September 1943
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
Tommaso Benedetti (1797–1863) was an English-born Austrian painter of Italian descent. He was born in London, went early to Vienna, where he lived for the remainder of his life.
Among his engravings are:
Two Portraits of the ‘'Emperor Francis I after Ammerling and after Kupelwieser.Portrait of Duke of Reichstadt; after Daffinger,Portrait of the Archduke Charles of Austria; after Kriehuber.The Entombment and Madonna with Cherries'' after Titian.
Sources
1797 births
1863 deaths
Artists from London
English people of Italian descent
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
19th-century Italian painters
19th-century Austrian painters
19th-century Italian male artists
Austrian male painters
British emigrants to Austria
Lazar Elenovski (born 19 March 1971 Macedonian: Лазар Еленовски) is a Republic of Macedonia politician, former Minister of Defence, elected on 26 August 2006. Born in Skopje, he is a graduate of the Faculty of Economy at the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University in Skopje, and married with two children. Currently, he is a president of a small political party called Social Democratic Union (SDU). His father is Macedonian descent and his mother is of Albanian origin. He Speaks Macedonian, Albanian and Dutch.
References
External links
Biography at the Government of the Republic of Macedonia
Biography at the Ministry of Defence
1971 births
Living people
Politicians from Skopje
Defence ministers of North Macedonia
Social Democratic Union of Macedonia politicians
Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje alumni
Albanians in North Macedonia
The Mill of Morphie is a historic waterwheel in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The Mill of Morphie is situated nearby to the Stone of Morphie, an unshaped extant standing stone.
See also
River North Esk
References
C. Michael Hogan. 2007. Stone of Morphie, The Megalithic Portal, ed. A. Burnham)
John R. Hume. 1976. The Industrial Archaeology of Scotland, Published by Macmillan of Canada, v.2
Line notes
Watermills in Scotland
Armento (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. The Armento Rider was found in the vicinity of Armento and is now in the British Museum. The Kritonios Crown, a 4th-century BC gold wreath representing a crown of convolvulus, narcissus, ivy, roses, and myrtle was found there in the 19th century and is now in the Staatliche Antikensammlungen.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Cyrus Walker Alexander III (born September 9, 1953) is an American former college basketball head coach who most recently coached North Carolina A&T University, having resigned on January 29, 2016 after 22 games into the 2015–16 season. He was also a longtime men's basketball coach at South Carolina State University. In April 2003, after 16 seasons at SCSU, Alexander moved to coach Tennessee State University. Alexander was fired as coach of TSU in February 2009. He was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
On April 21, 2012, Alexander was hired as head coach of NC A&T. He resigned in January 2016 to pursue other opportunities within the North Carolina A&T athletics department.
Head coaching record
* resigned on 1/29/16
References
External links
North Carolina A&T profile
Tennessee State profile
1953 births
Living people
Basketball coaches from North Carolina
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Howard Bison men's basketball coaches
North Carolina A&T Aggies men's basketball coaches
South Carolina State Bulldogs basketball coaches
Sportspeople from Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Tennessee State Tigers basketball coaches
Dehnagareh () is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The North Dakota Cowboy Hall of Fame is a cowboy hall of fame. Established in 1995, the hall of fame endeavors to preserve and uphold the historic and modern western lifestyle throughout the state as it pertains to Native Americans, rodeo, and ranching.
Inductees
Sources:
References
External links
Official Website
1995 establishments in North Dakota
Cowboy halls of fame
Halls of fame in North Dakota
Sports halls of fame
Sports hall of fame inductees
Awards established in 1995
Museums established in 1995
Sports museums in North Dakota
Lists of sports awards
Raju Aryal () is the Inspector General of Armed Police Force (Nepal). On May 2, 2022, he was named as the Armed Police Force (Nepal) 12th's successor.
References
External links
Armed Police Force, Nepal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Obršani is a village in Municipality of Krivogaštani, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 793 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 793
Sports
The local football club FK Partizan has played in North Macedonia's second tier.
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Jing Machar Reec (born Jing Lual; 12 June 2003) is an Australian professional soccer player who plays as a forward for AGF.
Career
On 9 August 2021, Central Coast Mariners confirmed that Reec had joined Danish Superliga club AGF.
He made his debut for AGF as a substitute in a win over Frem in the 2021–22 Danish Cup on 23 September 2021.
References
External links
Living people
Australian soccer players
Australian expatriate soccer players
Association football forwards
Marconi Stallions FC players
Central Coast Mariners FC players
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
National Premier Leagues players
A-League Men players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
2003 births
Lectionary 341 (Gregory-Aland), designated by siglum ℓ 341 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. The manuscript has not survived in complete condition.
Description
The codex contains lessons from the Gospel of John, Matthew and Luke (Evangelistarium) on 355 parchment leaves. The leaves are measured ().
The text is written in Greek minuscule letters, in two columns per page, 22 lines per page. It has music notes, pictures, and Menologium.
The codex contains weekday Gospel lessons.
History
Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 12th-century, Gregory dated it to the 11th or 12th century. It has been assigned by the Institute for New Testament Textual Research (INTF) to the 11th-century. It once belonged to the Palaeologi. It was bought for the British Museum in 1882.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (288e) and Gregory (number 341e). Gregory saw it in 1883.
Currently the codex is housed at the Bodleian Library (Auct. T. inf. 2. 7) in Oxford, England.
The fragment is not cited in critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS4, NA27).
See also
List of New Testament lectionaries
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Lectionary 340
References
Bibliography
External links
Greek New Testament lectionaries
11th-century biblical manuscripts
Bodleian Library collection
The Three-Fox-Skins (hieroglyph) is Gardiner's sign listed no. F31, in the series of parts of animals. It consists of 3-fox skins tied at one end, and hanging, creating flowing skins.
In Egyptian hieroglyphs it has the value ms. The word in Egyptian means birth, and related items: to bring forth, produce, fashion, create, etc.
The 3-fox-skin hieroglyph has its origins in the early dynasties of Ancient Egypt, and can be found in multiple usage on the Palermo Stone, (creation or inauguration of events).
See also
Gardiner's Sign List#F. Parts of Mammals
List of Egyptian hieroglyphs
References
Betrò, 1995. Hieroglyphics: The Writings of Ancient Egypt, Betrò, Maria Carmela, c. 1995, 1996-(English), Abbeville Press Publishers, New York, London, Paris (hardcover, )
Budge. An Egyptian Hieroglyphic Dictionary, E.A.Wallace Budge, (Dover Publications), c 1978, (c 1920), Dover edition, 1978. (In two volumes, 1314 pp. and cliv-(154) pp.) (softcover, )
Egyptian hieroglyphs: parts of mammals
Sri Naga Sai Mandir is a Hindu temple dedicated to the Indian Spiritual Master Shirdi Sai Baba in Coimbatore in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
History
In 1939, Sn. H.H.B.V. Narasimha Swamiji, Sri. C.Varadaraja Ayyah, Sri A.V. K. Chari started the Sai movement in Coimbatore.
The temple was established in 1939. The Institution named for Sri Saibaba Mutt was put up darsana of the Devotees. Swamiji entrusted the center to the care of Sri. A.V. K. Chari. In 1942, the late Sn. C.Varadaraja Ayyah donated around one acre of land on Mettupalayam Road, and Thatched Shed was evicted from the donated land meant to house the Sri Sai Baba Mission- later named Sri Sai Baba Madam. The place was opened for worship to everyone regardless of class, creed, caste or religion. The Sai Baba Madam was the meeting ground of Sai Devotees in and around Coimbatore. Sai Bhajans were held regularly on Sundays and Thursdays.
A marble statue of Shirdi Sai Baba was installed by Sathya Sai Baba (the Indian guru thought to have been the reincarnation of Shirdi Sai Baba himself) on February26,1961. This was the first time that Sathya Sai Baba formally installed an idol of Shirdi Sai Baba for daily worship.
The temple is called Naga Sai Mandir after a story told by Shirdi Sai Baba's followers of a snake, Nãga, that rose from the flowers in the garden to listen to Shirdi Sai when he was giving darshan to devotees before disappearing.
Advent of 'Sri Naga Sai'
Historical of the shrine of Sri Naga Sai ( Shirdi Sai As Sri Naga Sai in Coimbatore): “On the evening of Thursday, January 7, 1943, a miracle happened. A shining and lustrous Cobra, small in size but possessing an unusually large hood with the divine marks of Tripundra, Shanka and Chakra, appeared before Baba's picture while the Bhajan was playing to the accompaniment of drum cymbals and other instruments with all the lights on. The Naga stood in a pose of worship fully entranced in Baba Music! The waving of lights, and aratis had no effect on the Cobra. People who had formed a crowd of a few hundred, stood there in awe and wonder at the sight of the Naga with its spread hood. There was no fear of the snake; the proverb, “even a battalion of soldiers of valour shiver at the sight of a cobra,” was proven wrong then. Men young and old, women and children began to pour into the spacious land of the Bhajan Madam by the thousands to witness the Naga that lingered in the same spot for 17 Hours. Baba bhaktas began to shower basket after basket of flowers in worshipful reverence of the Naga. The Cobra was nearly submerged in a mound of flowers but even then, he was immobile were performed for the Naga.
On the second day of Naga's onset, a photographer came to take a photo of the Naga in its majesty but it was submerged under heaps of flowers. No one had the courage to go near the spot where the cobra was lodged and clear away the flowers. The only course open to them was to pray. The Naga jumped out of the heaps of flowers and appeared for the photograph as if in answer to the prayers of the multitude. All who witnessed the sight were sure for the first time that it was on the week of Sai Baba. The devotees then prayed with fervor and faith to the Naga to clear out and enable them to resume their routine worship of Baba in the Madam. Then the immobile Naga showed sign of movement and went around Sri Sai Baba's picture and slowly slithered out into the open and disappeared into the bushes where later an ant-hill (a snake's natural habitat) appeared." Advent of 'Sri Naga Sai' was published in Holy Shri Sai Satcharita Tamil Chapter 35. The place where the Naga disappeared from is held as ‘Holy Ground' by devotees and from that day onward Shirdi Sai Baba in Coimbatore has been worshiped as “Sri Naga Sai”. The Shirdi Sai Baba ( Sri Naga Sai ) marble statue of the deity, was installed and consecrated on February 26, 1961 by Sri Sathya Sai Baba"
Sacred Stick
The temple holds a stick was used by Shirdi Sai Baba, brought from Shirdi. The Holy stick is used to bless all devotees who visit the shrine.
Golden Chariot
Sri Naga Sai Trust Holy Shrine of Shirdi Sai Baba to have a Golden Chariot ( Thanga Ther ) with a Golden Idol of Sai Baba in the world and was dedicated to Baba on 6 June 2007. The Chariot comes around the prakaram once in a week on Thursdays at 8.00pm.
Dhuni
The Sacred Dhuni flame has been brought from Bangalore Mandir which got the original Dhuni flame from shirdi. The udi from the dhuni is given as prasadam to all the devotees. this udi has the power to cure all diseases.
The Sri Naga Sai Trust
The temple is managed and maintained by Sri Naga Sai Trust and consists of the following:
Sri Naga Sai Mandir
Sai Baba Vidyalayam Middle School
Sai Deep Kalyana Mandapam
Free Homeopathy Clinic
References
Buildings and structures in Coimbatore
Hindu temples in Coimbatore district
Sai Baba of Shirdi
Tourist attractions in Coimbatore
The Dunbar Theatre is a movie theater in Wichita, Kansas, United States. Opened in 1941, it was named after an American author Paul Laurence Dunbar. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places since July 2, 2008, and the Kansas State Registry of Historic Places. It is located at 1007 N Cleveland St. in the McAdams Neighborhood, which is a historically African-American Neighborhood.
History
Origin
The Dunbar Theatre opened on August 15, 1941, a time at which other theaters in the Wichita area did not serve African American patrons. It was designed by Raymond M. Harmon, and built specifically to serve the African American community.
Significance
The Dunbar was the hub of the neighborhood business and social community. The area was one of only a few where African Americans could freely do business and participate in cultural and social events in the Jim Crow era. In addition to films, the Dunbar hosted plays, pageants, and touring African American performers.
Wichitan Ferwilda Sears said, "The blacks didn't have a theater to go to, but the Dunbar was open to us." City Councilwoman Lavonta Williams, who represents the area said, “When we were kids, we were dropped off at that theater almost every Saturday.”
Decline
The Dunbar closed in 1963. The City of Wichita twice attempted to condemn and demolish the Dunbar in 1980 and 1991, 'but the historic site was saved through community action.
Restoration
Restoration of the Dunbar is a project of the P.O.W.E.R. Community Development Corporation led by James Arbertha, Founding Executive Director, who hopes to reopen the Dunbar in 2020. Restoration of the sign and marquee took place from 2012-2014. The new Marquee was dedicated on December 14, 2012.
The Wichita City Council approved funding more than $600,000 toward the renovation effort in November 2017. Once restored, the Dunbar will be a 340-seat theater with a concession area and restrooms.
After the existing theatre is restored, new construction will begin to add a black box theater, an arts center, educational facilities, a public gallery, and a bookstore. The restoration effort will also include the Turner Drug Store, which will be converted to a cafe.
Current use
Despite the theater not being ready for use, outdoor community activities take place on the property outside. Two of the more notable events were the August 25, 2017 End of Summer Bash, and the September 3, 2018 Melanin Fest, both fundraisers for the restoration efforts.
References
1941 establishments in Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Wichita, Kansas
Cinemas and movie theaters in Kansas
African-American history of Kansas
Wichita, Kansas
Community development
Community centres
Culture of Wichita, Kansas
History of Wichita, Kansas
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
African-American cinema
Bieniów refers to the following places in Poland:
Bieniów, Lublin Voivodeship
Bieniów, Lubusz Voivodeship
Coagulant can refer to:
Flocculation
Coagulation of the blood
Coagulation (water treatment)
See also
Coagulation (disambiguation)
Dripstone is a locality in Dubbo Regional Council, New South Wales, Australia.
References
Towns in the Central West (New South Wales)
Khurais oil field () is an oil field in Saudi Arabia that went online on June 10, 2009, adjacent to the world's largest, the Ghawar trend. The Khurais field, with an area of 2,890 km2 and 127 km long, is located about 250 km southwest of Dhahran and 150 km east-northeast of Riyadh. Pilot-scale production at Khurais began in 1963, but the field was never fully developed.
Khurais Megaproject
A project to develop this field along with Abu Jifan and Mazalij oil fields is called the Khurais Megaproject. The project began in 2006, is led by Halliburton for wells drilling, Snamprogetti for crude and utilities, Hyundai for gas. It is expected to cost $3 billion, and is expected to increase Saudi Arabia's export capacity from 11.3 to 12.5 million bpd. It will produce Arabian light crude, as well as 315 million scfd of sour gas for Shedgum Gas Plant and 70,000 bpd of Natural Gas Liquids (NGL) for Yanbu Gas Plant.
The remote oil complex is served by Khurais Airport, which provides air service for personnel commuting on a weekly basis from the Dammam area.
See also
2019 Abqaiq–Khurais attack
References
External links
Khurais Megaproject
Saudi Aramco website.
map of oil and gas infrastructure in Saudi Arabia
Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia
Oil fields of Saudi Arabia
Saudi Aramco oil and gas fields
A print-disabled person is "a person who cannot effectively read print because of a visual, physical, perceptual, developmental, cognitive, or learning disability". A print disability prevents a person from gaining information from printed material in the standard way, and requires them to utilize alternative methods to access that information. Print disabilities include visual impairments, learning disabilities, or physical disabilities that impede the ability to manipulate a book. The term was coined by George Kerscher, a pioneer in digital talking books. DAISY is used by libraries as a means of making complex books accessible via audio.
A conference organised by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) in Marrakesh, Morocco, in June 2013 adopted a special treaty called "A Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works by Visually Impaired Persons and Persons with Print Disabilities" (briefly Marrakesh VIP Treaty).
The Marrakesh Treaty represents an important change in how lawmakers balance the demands of copyright owners against the interests of people with disabilities in particular, and a potential point of inflection in global copyright politics more generally.
Initiatives
The Accessible Books Consortium (ABC), launched in 2014, was conceived as "one possible initiative, among others, to concretely achieve the goals of the Marrakesh Treaty ". ABC aims to increase the number of books worldwide in accessible formats – such as braille, audio and large print – and to make them available to people who are blind, have low vision or are otherwise print disabled.
References
Accessibility
Reading (process)
The Comedian (Edward Morgan Blake) is a fictional character who first debuted in the graphic novel limited series Watchmen, published by DC Comics. The Comedian was created by writer Alan Moore with artist Dave Gibbons. As with most of the main characters in the series, he was an analogue for a Charlton Comics character, in this case the Peacemaker. Moore imagined the Comedian as a mix between the Peacemaker with "a little bit of Nick Fury" and "probably a bit of the standard Captain America patriotic hero-type".
Character background
Events of Watchmen
The story of Watchmen starts with the aftermath of Edward Blake's murder in 1985. Fellow crimefighter Rorschach, independently investigating the murder, discovers that Blake was in fact the Comedian. The main plot of Watchmen initially involves Rorschach's suspicion of a plot to kill costumed heroes ("masks"); his continuing investigation into Blake's murder leads to a much larger, more horrifying secret. The Comedian's appearances in Watchmen consist of flashbacks of the other characters. He is also mentioned in Under the Hood, the fictional autobiography of Hollis Mason (Nite Owl I) that appears in Watchmen issues 1–3.
The Comedian was a cigar-chomping, gun-toting vigilante-turned-paramilitary agent. When he first became a costumed adventurer in 1939, he dressed in a clown-like costume with a simple domino mask. A brutal vigilante, Blake manages to expunge most organized crime from the New York harbor. He became the youngest member of The Minutemen, a prominent group of heroes. After a photography shoot, he attempts to rape fellow Minuteman Silk Spectre; she escapes only when another Minuteman, Hooded Justice, interrupted the assault and beat Blake, breaking his nose. The Comedian was expelled from the group—but Silk Spectre's agent persuaded her not to press charges against him for fear of what it would do to the group's image. Blake impregnated Silk Spectre with her daughter and successor, Laurie, during a secret, consensual encounter years later. In the 1940s, Blake updated his Comedian uniform, after being stabbed by a small-time hood. He adopted a leather outfit that served as light body armor, adorned with short star-and-stripe-themed sleeves and a small happy face button. He retained the small domino mask and began carrying a pistol. He fought in World War II, becoming a war hero in the Pacific theater. It is also implied, but not directly stated, that he murdered Hooded Justice in revenge for the beating he suffered.
By the late 1960s, Blake had begun working as a covert government operative. Hollis Mason, the original Nite Owl, had published his autobiography Under the Hood by this point and in it disclosed the Comedian's sexual assault on Sally Jupiter/Silk Spectre. In 1966, he was invited to join the Crimebusters by Captain Metropolis, but he quickly ruined the older hero's hopes of a new team by mocking him, and pointing out that old fashioned crime fighting methods would not save the world from nuclear war.
Alongside Doctor Manhattan, the Comedian played a major role in the United States' war with Vietnam. Shortly after Manhattan's godlike powers forced the North Vietnamese to surrender, Blake was confronted by his lover, a pregnant Vietnamese woman; she is referred to as "Liao Lin" in David Hayter's Watchmen draft. He told her bluntly that he planned to leave the country immediately without her, and in a rage she slashed his face with a broken bottle. Blake shot and killed her, but the attack left his face permanently disfigured with a scar running from his right eye to the corner of his mouth. After this incident, he began wearing a leather gimp-style mask when dressed as the Comedian.
The costumed adventurers faced massive backlash and rioting in 1977; in response, Congress passed the Keene Act, requiring all heroes to register with the government if they wished to remain active. The majority of them "retired" in anonymity; while others, such as Rorschach, continued their activities in open defiance of the law. Doctor Manhattan and the Comedian were two of the few who registered and were employed by the government. Blake enjoyed his new role in the government and the protection it offered, even going so far as to suggest to members of President Nixon's staff that he had killed Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein before they could reveal the details of the Watergate scandal, as well as being behind the assassination of John F. Kennedy (on Nixon's orders). The Iran hostage crisis in 1980 was resolved when Blake freed the captives after an assault.
It was during his return from a government mission in 1984 that Blake discovered the island where Adrian Veidt (Ozymandias) was conducting his experiments that would ultimately destroy New York City. Shocked and appalled by what he finds, Blake realizes that no one will believe him if he reveals Veidt's plan. He drunkenly breaks into Edgar Jacobi's house and cryptically describes the plan, knowing Jacobi will not understand but not realizing Veidt has the bedroom bugged. Veidt, to ensure that Blake does not compromise his operation, confronts Blake in his high-rise apartment and throws Blake out of the window, killing him.
Before Watchmen
In Before Watchmen: The Minutemen #1, additional details are revealed about the Comedian while material from the main story is somewhat retconned. It is revealed that the Comedian got his start as a costumed adventurer at the young age of sixteen and had a prior criminal record for assault. Unlike the rest of the costumed heroes of the Minutemen, he is shown to be driven by greed and an inherent love for violence. In particular, he assaults a bartender after breaking up a bar fight and steals liquor and money from the cash register. The issue also implies Blake may have been a victim of severe child abuse as he claims that a "caseworker" told him what he suffered was the cause of his violent outbursts, though Blake's status as an unreliable narrator makes the claim uncertain.
Before Watchmen: Comedian #1 rewrites the character's back-story further. It is revealed that Blake was close personal friends with Robert F. Kennedy and John F. Kennedy as well as Jackie Kennedy. This contradicts the main Watchmen series, which cast Edward Blake as a close personal friend of Richard Nixon (for whom he had worked as an assassin). The mini-series reveals that Blake was responsible for the murder of Marilyn Monroe (ordered by Jackie Kennedy, behind her husband's back) as well as revealing that, despite strong innuendo from both Blake and Ozymandias, that he did not kill John Kennedy and was attempting to confront Moloch when he found the villain watching the live coverage of the assassination, including Kennedy's death, which caused the two foes to commiserate in their grief. It is implied that a former FBI agent with a resemblance to Blake may have been behind it.
Events of Doomsday Clock
In the sequel comic book Doomsday Clock, the Comedian seemingly turns up alive when he confronts Ozymandias at the time when he was in the DC Universe meeting with Lex Luthor. It is revealed that Doctor Manhattan has captured the Comedian from moments before his death, causing him to wash ashore outside the city of Metropolis and greeting him. The Comedian continues on the trail of Mime and Marionette. He catches up to Joker, Mime, and Marionette when they attend an underground villain meeting held by Riddler to discuss the Superman Theory. He makes himself known by shooting Typhoon in the face. While pursuing them, he evades Giganta's attacks, shoots Riddler in the leg, and uses a grenade to defeat the other villains present. When Mime and Marionette are in bed together the next morning, the Comedian catches up to them, planning to use them to find Ozymandias. Before the Comedian can do anything, Joker comes to Mime and Marionette's rescue where he uses a joy buzzer on the Comedian. As Batman gets free and fights Joker, Mime and Marionette escape with the Comedian and the Lantern Battery. Upon catching up with Ozymandias and shooting him, Lex Luthor shoots the Comedian with a device which returns him to the moment he was taken from, leaving him to die which horrified him and feeling denied of his revenge.
Character inspiration and origin of name
Alan Moore has stated that the Comedian, besides his comic book inspirations, was also based on G. Gordon Liddy, a former FBI agent and a figure in the Watergate scandal as the chief operative in the White House Plumbers unit during the Nixon Administration. Liddy was convicted of conspiracy, burglary, and illegal wiretapping for his role in the scandal. Moore imagined the Comedian as Liddy with "comic book muscles".
In the comic, Rorschach explains that Blake's moniker of "The Comedian" stems from his cynical and arguably selfish world perspective that "in an insane world", one can only laugh, as if everything is "a joke". Moore took the idea of the name from Graham Greene's novel The Comedians.
Powers and abilities
The Comedian was a skilled hand-to-hand combatant in excellent physical condition, even at the time of his death at the age of 61. Blake was proficient with his M1911 .45 caliber pistol, MAC-10 submachine gun and pump-action shotgun, and was shown using a variety of conventional weaponry in his adventures (flamethrowers, grenade launchers, etc.). His government-sanctioned activities suggest that he received training in covert operations and unconventional warfare.
The smiley face badge
Throughout the work, the Comedian is typically seen wearing or in close proximity to the "smiley face" button which is closely associated with him, and has become the iconic symbol of the Watchmen series as a whole. At the beginning of the series, the button is smeared with a single drop of blood which, if the button is viewed as a clock face, is at the position of the minute hand of the Doomsday Clock at the time of the series, five minutes to midnight.
In other media
Television
The Comedian appears in Watchmen: Motion Comic, where he, along with every other character in the series, is voiced by Tom Stechschulte.
Film
The Comedian appears in Watchmen, portrayed by Jeffrey Dean Morgan.
Video games
The Comedian appears in a cutscene in Watchmen: The End Is Nigh, voiced by Mark Silverman.
References
Fictional assassins in comics
Fictional characters from New York City
Fictional murderers
Fictional smokers
Fictional World War II veterans
Fictional Vietnam War veterans
DC Comics superheroes
United States-themed superheroes
Watchmen characters
Fictional government agents
Fictional soldiers
Fictional secret agents and spies
DC Comics film characters
Male characters in film
Fictional characters with disfigurements
Peacemaker (comics)
The 2013 National Football League known for sponsorship reasons as the Allianz National Football League was the 82nd staging of the National Football League (NFL), an annual Gaelic football tournament for the Gaelic Athletic Association county teams of Ireland. The League began on Saturday 1 February 2014. Thirty-one Gaelic football county teams from the island of Ireland, plus London, participated. Kilkenny, who participated in previous years, withdrew from the competition.
The reigning League Champions were Cork. 2012 All-Ireland Champions Donegal competed in the top division, as did Mayo whom they beat in the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final. The losing All-Ireland finalists in 2010 and 2011, respectively Down and Kerry, were there too. The top division was completed by newly promoted Kildare and Tyrone and 2011 All-Ireland Champions Dublin. All-Ireland Champions Donegal travelled to Croke Park to play Kildare in their first league game of the season on 3 February 2013.
On 28 April, Dublin defeated Tyrone by 0-18 to 0-17 to win their first league title since 1993. Two late points by Dean Rock and one by Jack McCaffrey in the final four minutes steered Dublin to victory
Format
League structure
The 2013 format of the National Football League was a system of four divisions of eight teams. Each team played every other team in its division once, either home or away. 2 points were awarded for a win and 1 for a draw.
Tie-breaker
If only two teams were level on points:
The team that won the head-to-head match was ranked first
If this game was a draw, points difference (total scored minus total conceded in all games) was used to rank the teams
If points difference was identical, total scored was used to rank the teams
If still identical, a play-off was required
If three or more teams were level on points, points difference was used to rank the teams.
Finals, promotions and relegations
The top four teams in Division 1 contested the 2013 NFL semi-finals (first played fourth and second played third) and final. The top two teams in divisions 2, 3 and 4 were promoted, and contested the finals of their respective divisions. The bottom two teams in divisions 1, 2 and 3 were relegated.
Division 1
Table
Rounds 1 to 7
Division 1 Semi Finals
Division 1 Final
Division 2
Table
Rounds 1 to 7
Division 2 Final
Division 3
Table
Rounds 1 to 7
Division 3 Final
Division 4
Table
Rounds 1 to 7
Division 4 Final
Statistics
All scores correct as of 26 March 2016
Scoring
Widest winning margin: 15
Derry 2-17 - 1-5 Westmeath (Division 2)
Most goals in a match: 8
Monaghan 5-13 - 3-10 Wicklow (Division 3)
Most points in a match: 33
Armagh 0-21 - 1-12 Galway (Division 2)
Westmeath 0-17 - 0-16 Armagh (Division 2)
Most goals by one team in a match: 5
Monaghan 5-13 - 3-10 Wicklow (Division 3)
Highest aggregate score: 47 points
Monaghan 5-13 - 3-10 Wicklow (Division 3)
Lowest aggregate score: 14 points
Waterford 0-6 - 0-8 Limerick (Division 4)
Top scorers
Overall
Single game
References
National Football League
National Football League (Ireland) seasons
Uzbekistan competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States.
Alpine skiing
Men
Women
Figure skating
Men
Women
Pairs
References
Official Olympic Reports
sports-reference
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
Winter Olympics
Otterburn is a Palladian-influenced Greek Revival plantation house near Bedford in Bedford County, Virginia. The hilltop house was first built in 1828 for Benjamin A. McDonald (1797-1871) and his wife, the former Sally Camm of Lynchburg, and overlooks the Little Otter Creek watershed. Benjamin A. McDonald, a prominent local Whig educated in Scotland, was appointed a local justice of the peace in 1832 and won election as Bedford County's first presiding justice in 1852. Re-elected twice, he served in the county's highest office from 1852 through 1864. His associated plantation in 1825 was , and included a gristmill, sawmill and dependent structures, mostly operated by enslaved labor (more than 20 slaves in the 1820s and 1830s, more than 30 slaves in 1840). At its largest, the associated plantation encompassed about acres, but in modern times includes fewer than acres. Fire gutted the original house in 1841, and it was reconstructed in the Greek Revival style by 1843, with an unusual transverse hall plan, facade that makes the -story structure look only stories, and the addition of a loggia, cross-gable roof with a wrought iron balustrade and Greek Revival detailing. The surviving wash house also dates to this mid-19th-century era. During the Civil War, Union soldiers reportedly confiscated flour barrels from the house, and damaged interior stairwell railings when rolling them out.
After McDonald died in 1871, since his only child, a daughter, did not survive infancy, the property passed through several owners until 1950, when the house became the Hines Memorial Pythian Home, an orphanage operated by the Knights of Pythias. A detached dormitory added at this time remains but lacks historic significance. The orphanage closed in the early 1960s. For two years in the late 1960s the Otterburn Academy used the premises, as a private school formed during Virginia's Massive Resistance to desegregation. The property later became a rest home for the elderly. The house is being restored.
References
External links
History of Otterburn and restoration photographs
Houses in Bedford County, Virginia
Houses completed in 1843
Greek Revival houses in Virginia
Neoclassical architecture in Virginia
Plantation houses in Virginia
Palladian Revival architecture in Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Bedford County, Virginia
1843 establishments in Virginia
Knights of Pythias buildings
Sussex 1 (known as Harvey's of Sussex 1 due to sponsorship reasons) is an English level 9 Rugby Union League. It is made up of teams predominantly from Sussex. Teams play home and away matches from September through to April. The league champions are automatically promoted up to London 3 South East, while the second placed team plays a promotion playoff against the second placed team from Kent 1. Relegated teams drop to Sussex 2 although in recent season there has been no relegation. Only 1st XV sides can be promoted into London 3 South East.
The system from 2017 to 2018 sees the eight team league play home and away games against each team in the league (14 games each) up until February when the league splits into two mini leagues of 4 teams (Sussex 1A and Sussex 1B) based on league ranking. Each team then a further 6 games against teams in their group (home and away) with the teams in the promotion group (1A) playing off for the title, and the teams in the relegation group (1B) playing to avoid the drop. Note that points from the first stage are carried into the second.
Each year some of the clubs in this division also take part in the RFU Junior Vase - a level 9-12 national competition.
Teams for 2021-22
The teams competing in 2021-22 achieved their places in the league based on performances in 2019–20, the 'previous season' column in the table below refers to that season not 2020–21.
Barns Greeen finished 9th in 2019-20 and whilst not relegated, did not return for 2021-22 and instead have dropped to Sussex 2 West.
Season 2020–21
On 30 October 2020 the RFU announced that due to the coronavirus pandemic a decision had been taken to cancel Adult Competitive Leagues (National League 1 and below) for the 2020/21 season meaning Sussex 1 was not contested.
Teams for 2019-20
Teams for 2018-19
Teams for 2017-18
Teams for 2016-17
Bognor 2nd XV (promoted from Sussex Canterbury Jack Division 2)
Brighton II
Burgess Hill (relegated from London 3 South East)
Crawley
Hellingly
Horsham II
Hove 2nd XV
Seaford
Shoreham (promoted from Sussex Canterbury Jack Division 2)
Uckfield (relegated from London 3 South East)
Teams for 2015-16
Brighton II
Chichester III
Crowborough II
Crawley
Haywards Heath
Hellingly
Horsham II
Hove 2nd XV
Lewes (relegated from London 3 South East)
Midhurst
Seaford
Worthing Senior I
Teams for 2014-15
Brighton II
Burgess Hill (relegated from London 3 South East)
Chichester III
Crowborough II
Crawley
Eastbourne
Hellingly
Holbrook
Hove 2nd XV
Rye
Seaford
Worthing Senior I
Teams for 2012-13
Brighton II
Burgess Hill
Chichester III
Eastbourne
Holbrook
Haywards Heath II
Hove III
Lewes II
Midhurst
Newick
Rye
Seaford
Original teams
When league rugby began in 1987 this division contained the following teams:
Bognor
Brighton
Burgess Hill
Chichester
Crowborough
Eastbourne
Hastings & Bexhill
Haywards Heath
Hove
Sussex Police
Sussex 1 honours
Sussex 1 (1987–1993)
The original Sussex 1 was a tier 8 league with promotion up to London 3 South East and relegation down to Sussex 2.
Sussex 1 (1993–1996)
The creation of National 5 South meant that Sussex 1 dropped from a tier 9 league to a tier 10 league for the years that National 5 South was active. Promotion and relegation continued to London 3 South East and Sussex 2 respectively.
Sussex 1 (1996–2000)
The cancellation of National 5 South at the end of the 1995–96 season meant that Sussex 1 reverted to being a tier 8 league. Promotion and relegation continued to London 3 South East and Sussex 2 respectively.
Sussex 1 (2000–2009)
The introduction of London 4 South East ahead of the 2000–01 season meant Sussex 1 dropped to become a tier 9 league with promotion to this new division. Relegation continued to Sussex 2 (briefly two regional divisions) until that league was abolished at the end of the 2003–04 season.
Sussex 1 (2009–present)
Sussex 1 remained a tier 9 league despite national restructuring by the RFU. Promotion was to London 3 South East (formerly London 4 South East) and relegation was to Sussex Canterbury Jack Intermediate (Sussex 2) which was reintroduced for the 2010–11 season after an absence of six years.
Promotion play-offs
Since the 2000–01 season there has been a play-off between the runners-up of Kent 1 and Sussex 1 for the third and final promotion place to London 3 South East. The team with the superior league record has home advantage in the tie. At the end of the 2019–20 season the Kent 1 teams have been the most successful with fourteen wins to the Sussex 1 teams five; and the home team has won promotion on eleven occasions compared to the away teams eight.
Number of league titles
Uckfield (5)
Bognor (3)
Crawley (3)
Heathfield & Waldron (3)
Hove (3)
Brighton (2)
Chichester (2)
Eastbourne (2)
Hastings & Bexhill (2)
Pulborough (2)
Burgess Hill (1)
Crowborough (1)
Haywards Heath (1)
Hellingly (1)
Horsham (1)
Lewes (1)
See also
London & SE Division RFU
Sussex RFU
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
Notes
References
External links
Sussex Rugby Football Union
9
Ochoża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Idlib Governorate clashes (January–March 2017), were military confrontations between Syrian rebel factions led by Ahrar al-Sham and their allies on one side and the al-Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (later than Tahrir al-Sham) and their allies on the other. After 7 February, the clashes also included Jund al-Aqsa as a third belligerent, which had re-branded itself as Liwa al-Aqsa and was attacking the other combatants. The battles were fought in the Idlib Governorate and the western countryside of the Aleppo Governorate.
Background
In October 2016, major clashes erupted between Ahrar al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa in the Idlib province. This resulted in most of Jund al-Aqsa pledging allegiance to Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (JFS) on 13 October 2016. Sporadic clashes continued for the next few months.
Another reason for the recent attacks by JFS were airstrikes conducted by the United States Air Force earlier in January, which killed more than 100 Jihadists belonging to the group. Fatah al-Sham accused rival opposition groups of providing targeting information to the United States. In a statement released by Fatah al-Sham, the group claimed its attacks were to "prevent conspiracies" against them.
One of the rebel groups involved in the conflict, the Army of Mujahideen, is a party to the peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan. Representatives from Jaysh al-Islam and the Sham Legion, along with 13 more factions are also involved. Ahrar al-Sham, on the other hand, refused to participate in Astana due to their relations with JFS. Negotiations between Syrian government and opposition representatives began on 23 January.
The clashes
January 2017
On 20 January 2017, the al-Nusra Front (Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (JFS)) launched several coordinated attacks against Ahrar al-Sham headquarters and positions in the northern Idlib Governorate, near the Bab al-Hawa Border Crossing. In addition, al-Nusra also attacked Ahrar al-Sham outposts in Darkush and Jisr al-Shughur. On the same day, Jund al-Aqsa raided an Ahrar al-Sham prison in Jabal Zawiya and freed 13 of their prisoners. Meanwhile, in the same area, al-Nusra attacked the Mountain Hawks Brigade of the Free Idlib Army and captured a commander and his equipment.
On 23 January, JFS announced that it has expelled Jund al-Aqsa from its ranks. Clashes then continued. JFS fighters, with support from the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement, captured the headquarters of the Army of Mujahideen in western Aleppo. They also proceeded to attack the Levant Front in Haritan.
By 24 January, the Army of Mujahideen joined Ahrar al-Sham after its defeat by JFS. Ahrar al-Sham then deployed several military convoys to the countryside of Idlib and western Aleppo in order to deter attacks by JFS. Meanwhile, the Sham Legion repelled a JFS attack against a Mujahideen Army base in rural Idlib.
On 25 January, JFS militants captured the Idlib central prison from the Suqour al-Sham Brigade.
By 26 January, Ahrar al-Sham and its allies had captured multiple villages in the northern part of the Jabal Zawiya region from JFS, in a region between Balyin, Kafr Naya, and Maarrat al-Nu'man. On the same day, militants loyal to JFS captured the strategic town of Halfaya from rival opposition forces. The next day, JFS forces attacked the headquarters of Jaysh al-Islam in northern Idlib. By 27 January, it was reported that JFS had lost over 35 fighters in the clashes with other rebel groups.
During the clashes, it was reported that civilians gathered near settlements caught in the conflict and protested against Fatah al-Sham's attacks on rival opposition forces, and called on the conflict to end in order to save civilian lives.
On 28 January, JFS and several other Jihadist groups formed Tahrir al-Sham (Levant Liberation Body). The overall mission for this new front is likely to consolidate power in northwestern Syria against rival opposition groups, most prominently Ahrar al-Sham.
On 30 January, there were reports of mobilizations by Tahrir al-Sham and Ahrar ash-Sham at the Bab al-Hawa Border Crossing and other nearby areas, and that the 2 groups were preparing for another round of clashes.
February 2017
On 2 February, Tahrir al-Sham's former JFS forces attempted to occupy a bakery in Atarib, the largest bakery in western Aleppo, but withdrew after protests by residents. Several days later, the Uzbek Jihadist group Katibat al-Tawhid wal-Jihad pledged its allegiance to Tahrir al-Sham.
On 7 February 2017, Jund al-Aqsa attacked the headquarters of Jaysh al-Nasr near the town of Murak, in northern Hama. Jund al-Aqsa then captured the town of Kafr Zita and stormed Taybat al-Imam, capturing more than 250 fighters and weapons from Jaysh al-Nasr. On 9 February, Jund al-Aqsa attacked the headquarters of Ajnad al-Sham, Saraya al-Ghuraba, Liwa al-Maghawir and several other rebel units around Kafr Zita and in other areas in the northern Hama countryside, expanding its influence and capturing weapons, supplies and vehicles. By then, Jund al-Aqsa had taken full control of 17 towns and villages overall.
During the afternoon of 11 February, local civilians expelled Islamist rebels of Ahrar al-Sham and Jaysh al-Nasr from the town of Kafr Nabudah. The rebels were mobilizing in the town to prepare for an offensive in northern Hama. Protesters threw stones and attacked the rebel convoy, killing 3 and injuring 20 of the rebel fighters.
On 13 February, clashes erupted between the previously-allied Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa in northern Hama and southern Idlib. HTS declared war on Jund al-Aqsa as a result, and the clashes resulted in the deaths of almost 70 fighters on both sides. At least 17 of those killed were Jund al-Aqsa fighters, Abu Bakr Tamanna, who led a group of suicide bombers for JFS during the rebel the attempt to break the siege of Aleppo, at the 3000 apartments, was killed by Liwa al-Aqsa. During the fighting, Kafers Jonah village was captured by Liwa al-Aqsa after its general security leader Abu Rihana was killed by Tahrir al-Sham.
On 14 February, Jund al-Aqsa announced the execution of 150–200 prisoners of war, including both HTS and FSA fighters. More than 160 of those executed were FSA fighters, including more than 70 from Jaysh al-Nasr, while 43 were HTS members who were killed after a Sharia Court was stormed in Idlib's rural countryside in Moqa village by Liwa al-Aqsa. In order to secure a potential withdraw the Syrian opposition and Liwa Aqsa engaged in talks. Still, on the next day, HTS captured the village of Heish from Jund al-Aqsa, and then besieged the retreating Jund al-Aqsa forces in Khan Shaykhun and Murak. The Turkistan Islamic Party and Tahrir al-Sham surrounded Liwa Al-Aqsa in Mourak and Khan Shaykhoun. Turkistan Islamic Party and Liwa al-Aqsa negotiated an agreement.
On 19 February, it was reported that 600 Jund al-Aqsa militants would be transported to the Ar-Raqqah Governorate to join ISIL, while the remaining Jund al-Aqsa forces would surrender their heavy weapons and join the Turkistan Islamic Party within 72 hours. By this point, it was reported that over 250 Free Syrian Army and Tahrir al-Sham fighters had been killed in clashes by Jund al-Aqsa. That afternoon, a convoy of Jund al-Aqsa members and their relatives tried to cross from Idlib Province into the Raqqa Governorate, across a Syrian government supply route to Aleppo, stretching from Ithriyah to Salamiyah, in order to escape the rebel infighting. However, they were ambushed by the National Defence Forces, resulting in several deaths, with rest of the militants surrendering themselves. On the same day, Tahir al-Sham stormed Jaysh al-Islam positions near the Bab al-Hawa Border Crossing and captured heavy weapons. HTS also occupied several abandoned warehouses formerly belonging to the Hazzm Movement.
On 22 February, the last of Liwa al-Aqsa's 2,100 militants left their final positions in Khan Skaykhun, to join ISIL in Ar-Raqqah province, after a negotiated withdrawal deal with Tahrir al-Sham and the Turkistan Islamic Party. Armored vehicles, tanks, and heavy weapons were all burned by Liwa al-Aqsa during their withdrawal. Afterward, Tahrir al-Sham declared the termination Liwa al-Aqsa, and promised to watch for any remaining cells.
On 23 February, the relatives of the FSA prisoners executed by Liwa al-Aqsa accused the group of treating them worse than the Syria government ever did. Around Khan Seikhoun, mass graves were discovered following Liwa al-Aqsa's retreat. Between 22 and 23 February, two separate mass graves containing the bodies of at least 131 executed rebels were found near the town. This was in addition to the discovery of the bodies of 41 fighters the previous week.
On 25 February, Ahrar al-Sham raided the Free Idlib Army's headquarters and warehouses in the village of Aqrab, Idlib. The AaS fighters occupied the area under the pretext of "protecting" the FIA from a potential HTS attack. The Free Idlib Army, however, denied that they were under attack by Ahrar al-Sham. Three days later, HTS attacked a Sham Legion headquarters in northern Idlib, and captured an arms depot.
March 2017
On 2 March, according to pro-government sources, the Sham Legion split into three armed groups, while fighting erupted in town of Saraqib, after a brigade in Ahrar al-Sham defected to Tahrir al-Sham. The former Ahrar al-Sham brigade had been responsible for manufacturing and maintaining Ahrar al-Sham's weapons, according to pro-government sources. On 3 March, according to pro-government sources, the clashes escalated, with clashes erupting between Ahrar al-Sham and Tahrir al-Sham in the city of Salqin.
On 6 March, according to pro-government sources, Tahrir al-Sham attacked Ahrar al-Sham inside of Al-Mastoumeh and Kafr Yahmoul, to the south of Idlib, and captured several checkpoints inside of those villages, severing the main Idlib-Ariha road.
On 7 March, according to pro-government sources, three Tahrir al-Sham fighters died when their vehicle hit an IED in the eastern Hama province; one of the fighters was reportedly as young as 14 years old. Later that day, according to pro-government sources, Tahrir al-Sham and Ahrar al-Sham signed a ceasefire deal to end the fighting between them, and to create a new council to resolve their issues diplomatically instead of fighting. However, two days later, according to pro-government sources, clashes broke out between Ahrar al-Sham and Tahrir al-Sham again in the Jabal Zawiya region, after Tahrir al-Sham attempted to arrest a senior Ahrar al-Sham leader in the area.
US aid for Syrian rebels
During the infighting, CIA military aid was frozen, due to the Islamist attacks on FSA groups in the Idlib Governorate. Salaries, training, and ammunition were halted, due to fears of falling into Islamist hands.
On 10 March 2017, United States labeled the Tahrir a terrorist organization, although in the past it supported and provided military assistance to some rebel groups which are now part of this alliance, most notably Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki.
Aftermath
After the inter-rebel clashes, HTS grew further in size and launched the 2017 Hama offensive in March 2017.
On 5 April 2017, a vehicle carrying Lt. Col. Ahmed al-Saud of the 13th Division and Col. Ali al-Samahi, the chief of staff of the Free Idlib Army, came under fire from Tahrir al-Sham fighters at a checkpoint near Khan al-Subul, which was under complete control of HTS. Al-Samahi and another FSA fighter was killed in the shootout, while al-Saud was wounded and was transferred to Turkey for treatment.
On 29 May, Ahrar al-Sham reportedly executed at least 6 fighters of Tahrir al-Sham after capturing them in southern Idlib province. On 4 June, 5 fighters of the Sham Legion were killed and 2 wounded after their vehicle hit a roadside bomb.
From 6 to 8 June, clashes broke out between Tahrir al-Sham and Sham Legion in Maarrat al-Nu'man. The Free Idlib Army's 13th Division and the Free Police joined the fighting on 8 June. By the evening of 8 June, HTS captured both the 13th Division and the Sham Legion's headquarters in Maarat al-Nu'man and killed Col. Tayser al-Samahi, the brother of Col. Ali al-Samahi and the head of the Free Police in the town. Ahrar al-Sham reportedly deployed fighters to the town during the fighting. On 9 June, Tahrir al-Sham announced the completion of their operations against the FSA and took full control of the town. Later that day, a ceasefire agreement was signed between the Free Idlib Army and Tahrir al-Sham in the town and the latter ordered the 13th Division to be disbanded.
From 14–23 July, clashes erupted between Ahrar al-Sham and Suqour al-Sham against Tahrir al-Sham in multiple locations in the Idlib Governorate, including Saraqib and Jabal Zawiya. These clashes resulted in HTS capturing Idlib city and most of the areas bordering Turkey.
See also
Al-Nusra Front–SRF/Hazzm Movement conflict
October 2016 Idlib Governorate clashes
Second Battle of Idlib
Siege of al-Fu'ah and Kafriya
Qaboun offensive (February–March 2017)
Khan Shaykhun chemical attack
References
Conflicts in 2017
Idlib Governorate in the Syrian civil war
Military operations of the Syrian civil war in 2017
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving Jabhat Fateh al-Sham
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the Free Syrian Army
January 2017 events in Syria
February 2017 events in Syria
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving Tahrir al-Sham
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving Ahrar al-Sham
Totonero 1980 or Totonero was a match-fixing scandal in Italy in 1980 in Serie A and Serie B.
The participants in this scandal were Avellino, Bologna, Lazio, Milan, and Perugia of Serie A and Palermo and Taranto of Serie B, all of whom were declared guilty after the trials. Notably, Paolo Rossi was suspended for three years (reduced to two on appeal), and upon his return helped Italy in their successful 1982 FIFA World Cup campaign.
Background
In 1946, Italy introduced a state-run pool for citizens to bet on football, called the totocalcio. It was the only form of legalized football betting in the country until the late 1990s. For fans to win, they needed to correctly pick the outcome of 12 games, making it virtually impossible for the pool to be fixed since so many matches were involved. Because of this, the only way to bet on a single match or the winners of events like the Coppa Italia or Serie A was to bet with illegal bookmakers.
The plan was created in 1979 by restaurant owner Alvaro Trinca and his supplier Massimo Cruciani at Trinca's restaurant in Rome. The restaurant was a popular spot for many Lazio players, who agreed to fix matches in exchange for a cut of the money. The first match arranged to be fixed was a friendly between Lazio and Palermo on 1 November 1979, which ended in a draw as planned. However, many of the games did not end as planned, and Trinca and Cruciani reportedly lost over 100 million lire by February 1980 (worth around US$117,000 in 1980 dollars or over US$400,000 in 2022).
On 1 March 1980, Trinca and Cruciani filed a report with Rome's Public Prosecutor with the names of 27 players and 13 clubs across Serie A and Serie B. Trinca was arrested eight days later and Cruciani three days after that. On 23 March, the Guardia di Finanza arrested 13 players as well as Milan president Felice Colombo immediately after the final whistle of that day's matches. All of those arrested were acquitted of criminal charges because there was no law against match fixing in Italy at the time.
Punishments
Club punishments
Milan (Serie A); relegated to Serie B.
Lazio (Serie A); relegated to Serie B (10 million lire fine and 5 point penalties in original punishment).
Avellino (Serie A); 5 point penalty in Serie A 1980–81.
Bologna (Serie A); 5 point penalty in Serie A 1980–81.
Perugia (Serie A); 5 point penalty in Serie A 1980–81.
Palermo (Serie B); 5 point penalty in Serie B 1980–81 (acquitted in original verdict).
Taranto (Serie B); 5 point penalty in Serie B 1980–81 (acquitted in original verdict).
Individual punishments
Presidents
Felice Colombo (Milan); disbar.
Tommaso Fabretti (Bologna); 1 year suspension.
Players
Stefano Pellegrini (Avellino); 6 year suspension.
(Lazio); 5 year suspension (disbar in original punishment).
Enrico Albertosi (Milan); 4 year suspension (disbar in original punishment).
Bruno Giordano (Lazio); 3 year and 6 months suspension (1 year and 6 months in original punishment).
Lionello Manfredonia (Lazio); 3 year and 6 months suspension (1 year and 6 months in original punishment).
Carlo Petrini (Bologna); 3 year and 6 month suspension.
Guido Magherini (Palermo); 3 year and 6 months suspension (1 year and 6 months in original punishment).
Giuseppe Savoldi (Bologna); 3 year and 6 month suspension.
(Taranto); 3 year suspension (1 year in original punishment).
Luciano Zecchini (Perugia); 3 year suspension.
Giuseppe Wilson (Lazio); 3 year suspension (disbar in original punishment).
Paolo Rossi (Perugia); 2 years suspension (3 years in original punishment).
Franco Cordova (Avellino); 1 year and 2 month suspension.
Carlo Merlo (Lecce); 1 year suspension (1 year and 6 months in original punishment).
Giorgio Morini (Milan); 1 year suspension.
Stefano Chiodi (Milan); 6 month suspension.
Piergiorgio Negrisolo (Pescara); 5 month suspension (1 year in original punishment).
Maurizio Montesi (Lazio); 4 month suspension.
Franco Colomba (Bologna); 3 month suspension.
Oscar Damiani (Napoli); 3 month suspension (4 months in original punishment).
Aftermath
Perugia and Taranto were both relegated from their respective leagues following the 1980–81 season. Perugia would have been relegated even without the point deduction, but Taranto would have been safe had they not been given the five point penalty.
All of the players whose bans were still active when Italy won the 1982 World Cup were reinstated soon after.
See also
1986 Totonero
2011–12 Italian football match-fixing scandal
2015 Italian football match-fixing scandal
Calciopoli
Caso Genoa
Match fixing in association football
References
1979–80 in Italian football
Association football controversies
History of football in Italy
Sports betting scandals
Sports scandals in Italy
Keram Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Chimundo
02. Kambot
03. Kambot
04. Kambot
05. Bobten
06. Korokopa
07. Pusyten
08. Kekten
09. Buten
10. Yemen
11. Manu
12. Kambugu
13. Pamban
14. Bopaten
15. Langam (Langam language speakers)
16. Mongol (Mongol language (New Guinea) speakers)
17. Wom (Wom language (Papua New Guinea) speakers)
18. Raten
19. Ketro/Samban
20. Baniamta
21. Kamen
22. Marua
23. Yanboe
24. Nainten
25. Yar
26. Bagaram
27. Kivim
28. Longwuk
29. Mungum
30. Mingnias
31. Togo
32. Monjito
33. Likan
34. Klorowom
35. Sori
36. Paniten
37. Pataka
38. Mui
See also
Keram languages
Keram River
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Luigi di Canossa SJ (20 April 1809 – 12 March 1900) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Verona from 1861 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1877.
Biography
Born in Verona, he was the son of marquess Bonifacio di Canossa and Francesca de' Castiglioni. In 1837 he entered in the Society of Jesus and was ordained priest in 1841. From 1847 he lived in Milan.
In January 1861, he was appointed Bishop of Verona by Pope Pius IX, who created him Cardinal-Priest of San Marcello in 1877.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
Catholic-Hierarchy
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
1809 births
1900 deaths
19th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Pius IX
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
19th-century Italian Jesuits
Bishops of Verona
Mary Walsh is a journalist and producer at CBS News.
Education
She graduated from University of Texas at Austin College of Communication in 1977 with a bachelor's degree in journalism. At UT she was a member of the Friar Society and the editor of The Daily Texan.
Career
Walsh began her career in Washington, D.C. as assistant to the political director at CBS News. As a journalist, she covered the explosion of the space shuttle Challenger, the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, and Vice President George H. W. Bush's campaign for president. Walsh works as a national security producer for CBS New where she has been assigned to the Pentagon since 1993. She is responsible for covering American military throughout Southeast Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. She was a media gamer in Dark Winter.
Honors and awards
She won a 2002 and a 2004 duPont-Columbia Award, the Joan Shorenstein Barone Award, and a Wilbur Award. Walsh was named the 2009-10 College of Communication Outstanding Alumnus from the University of Texas at Austin and is also a two-time Emmy winner.
References
leadershipdirectories.com
columbia.edu
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Joseph Brennan Haley (October 16, 1913 – May 1997) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Red Islands, Nova Scotia and lived in Pictou, Nova Scotia, before he moved to Trail, British Columbia at age 12.
In 1936 he finished twelfth in the Olympic high jump event. At the 1934 British Empire Games he won the silver medal in the high jump competition, losing a 'jump-off' for the gold medal against Edwin Thacker of South Africa. Four years later he finished sixth in the high jump contest at the 1938 Empire Games. Joe Haley held the Canadian high jump record. A track oval in Warfield, British Columbia was named in his honor.
References
1913 births
1997 deaths
People from Richmond County, Nova Scotia
Canadian male high jumpers
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1938 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Sportspeople from Nova Scotia
Sportspeople from Trail, British Columbia
People with polio
20th-century Canadian people
("Works without opus number") (WoO), also Kinsky–Halm Catalogue, is a German musical catalogue prepared in 1955 by and , listing all of the compositions of Ludwig van Beethoven that were not originally published with an opus number, or survived only as fragments.
The abbreviation WoO is also used sometimes to refer to works without opus by other composers, such as Johannes Brahms, Robert Schumann, Muzio Clementi, Louis Spohr, Joachim Raff, or Ferdinand Ries.
See also
List of compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven
References
External links
Online listing of the WoO catalogue, some with MIDI or MP3 versions
Classical music catalogues
Ludwig van Beethoven
Acronyms
Beyond the Clouds is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language drama film written and directed by Majid Majidi, under the production banner Zee Studios. It stars debutante Ishaan Khatter as Amir, a street hustler and drug dealer in the city of Mumbai and Malavika Mohanan as Tara, the sister of Amir. She works for a dour merchant Akshi (Gautam Ghose). The film story is centred around bonding between the siblings, a take on human relationships in general. The sibling's bond is put to test when Tara lands in jail for a crime committed by Amir which forms the crux of the film. The film is a grown-up version of Majidi's previously directed Children of Heaven (1997).
The casting for the project began in August 2016, with principal photography commencing from January 2017 in Mumbai, continued in Sambhar near Jaipur and concluded in Mumbai on 6 May 2017. Prior to theatrical release, the film premiered at International Film Festivals between October 2017 to February 2018. It was screened at International Film Festival of India on 20 November 2017. Beyond the Clouds is the second collaboration between Majid Majidi and film score composer A. R. Rahman, after Muhammad: The Messenger of God (2015).
The film released in India on 20 April 2018 to generally positive reviews. The film was praised for the performances of the lead characters and cinematography, but criticized for the direction, film score and a predictable story-line.ambulance doctor Dr obaid Rahman Mumbra
Plot
The film begins with Aamir (Ishaan Khatter), a young man who lives under a road bridge where numerous impoverished families live, grabbing a bike and carrying out a series of drug deliveries all over the city.
A police bust interrupts Aamir, who is chased into the laundry workplace of Aamir's sister Taara (Malavika Mohanan). With the help of an older male colleague Akshi (Goutam Ghose), Taara conceals her brother and his stash of drugs. But in Akshi's mind, his help means that Taara is now somehow beholden to him. He assaults her, but Taara defends herself by hitting his head with a rock.
Taara finds herself facing life in prison, unless Akshi recovers and can be persuaded to admit his role in the incident. But although he regains consciousness, Akshi is unable to talk. Both Taara and Aamir find hope in their desperate situation through connections with other children. Taara befriends Chotu, the child of an ailing prisoner, while Aamir initially considers selling Akshi's eldest daughter to a local brothel. But Aamir grudgingly warms to Akshi's mother and two daughters.
Cast
Ishaan Khatter as Amir Ahmed
Malavika Mohanan as Tara
G. V. Sharada as Jhumpa
Gautam Ghose as Akshi
Tannishtha Chatterjee as Chotu's mom
Aakash Gopal as Anil, Amir's Friend
Dhwani Rajesh as Tanisha
Amruta Santosh Thakur as Asha
Shivam Pujari as Chotu
Heeba Shah as Head nurse
Production
Development
In August 2016, director Majid Majidi landed in Mumbai for a reconnaissance. He met the casting director Honey Trehan, who stated that the film will be an Indian story to be shot in Mumbai, Delhi, parts of Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Kashmir. Trehan was told to scout at least eight to ten of the principal characters drawn from across the country. A. R. Rahman's inclusion in the project was confirmed. In an interview with The Hindu, Majidi stated, "It is the story of a brother and sister, just like that of Children of Heaven (1997), with the difference being that the siblings are grown-ups and tackle greater conflicts, with the bustling city of Mumbai serving as the backdrop."
In November 2016, photographs of actress Deepika Padukone were published through Deccan Chronicle where the was seen participating in a day-long shoot for Majid Majidi's next untitled project that reported by the media by the titles Floating Gardens and Kashmir Afloat.
A conference held in Mumbai on 23 January 2017, the film was officially titled "Beyond the Clouds". Majidi stated the film will be in Hindi language. Ishaan Khatter was confirmed to play the male lead. On departure of Padukone from the project, Majidi reasoned that Padukone wasn't fitting for this film and his team decided not to opt for a mixture of experienced and new faces but either of the two (experienced or new faces), thus, settling for an all new star cast. Kangana Ranaut rejected the offered role citing it as submissive. Majidi stated: "Beyond the Clouds could have been set anywhere in the world, but it also needed to be located in India. India gave me the proper feeling I had envisaged for the story.” Malavika Mohanan was signed to play the role of the female lead in March 2017. Khatter and Mohanan share were reported to play the roles of siblings in the film. Mohanan plays the character Tara, a poor girl from a dhobi ghat.
Filming
Principal photography commenced without a lead female on 23 January 2017. Filming continued in Mumbai in February 2017. In March 2017, the film began with its Jaipur schedule. A film set resembling slums of Mumbai was reconstructed at Sambhar, Rajasthan. It was in this scheduled when Malavika Mohanan joined to play the lead female role. In April, scenes were filmed at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus. The last shot of the film was canned at a street sequence at Filmistan Studio in Mumbai. Ninety percent of the film was shot on outdoor locations. The filming was completed on 6 May 2017.
Talking about the filming, Majidi said: "Filmmakers like Satyajit Ray, whose work I adore, have represented India's culture, rich heritage and the lives of common people to a global audience. These visions and images have stayed in my mind for years and cajoled me to make a film in India. Finally, I'm in Mumbai with a lovely team to narrate a story woven around the lives of common people".
Soundtrack
The film score and soundtrack album is written and composed by A. R. Rahman. The track "Ey Chhote Motor Chala" was the first single. The song portrays into the life of character Amir (played by Ishaan Khatter).
Glenn Kenny of The New York Times stated: "But persistent sentimentality — manifested most in the music score by A.R. Rahman — undercuts “Beyond the Clouds” at almost every turn." While reviewing the score for Variety, the critic Guy Lodge noted that the score deserves its own directorial credit but it passes to push Rahman's Slumdog Millionaire vibes especially the sequence where the male protagonist is introduced in the process of a drug deal, lithely weaving, hitching and jay-running his way across a traffic-clogged Mumbai as he makes multiple drops and pickups. Second scene, where an ebullient interlude of car-top dancing (referring to 1993 track Muqabla) is disrupted by a police bust and ensuing chase, before he finally finds shelter in the laundry where his estranged older sister Tara (played Malavika Mohanan) works.
Devarsi Ghosh of Scroll Magazine stated: "The AR Rahman-Majid Majidi combo fails to lift the spirits, to the extent that not a single tune from AR Rahman's score for Majid Majidi's Beyond The Clouds is likely to stay with the listener beyond five minutes, forget a day. " Debarati Sen of The Times of India stated: "Rahman's score for this film is replete with a tad bit overused orchestral compositions, that are invariably reminiscent of his earlier creations."Komal Nahta stated: "A.R. Rahman's music score is good but his background score is superb. M.C. Heam's rap lyrics are fine."Filmfare based critic Devesh Sharma stated: "AR Rahman's background score isn't intrusive but subtly adds to the proceedings." Umesh Punwani of Koimoi noted: "A.R. Rahman juices up the situations to create a blend of music going with the narration. One special mention that highlights the greatness of this maestro is, in a chase sequence he decides to go with a fast-paced Tabla and Sitar; the combo takes the scene to another level." Critic Anupama Chopra mentioned: "A. R. Rahman's soundtrack further underlines every note. Subtlety is not this film's strong point." Critic Rajeev Masand pointed that the score by A. R. Rahman is a very familiar one.
Track listing
Credits adapted from A. R. Rahman's official website.
Release
The first look poster of the film was released at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival. The second poster was released in 2017 Cannes Film Festival. The film premiered at the 2017 BFI London Film Festival. It was screened at the 22nd Busan International Film Festival, 14th Dubai International Film Festival, 5th International Bosphorous Film Festival, 29th Palm Springs International Film Festival and was the opening film at the 48th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) on 20 November 2017.
The theatrical release of the film was planned in two phases. In the first phase, the film was released in 34 territories by Zee Studios International. The countries covered in phase one are Iran as well as over 70 screens in the GCC region including Dubai, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, and Qatar. Towards west, USA, Canada, UK, Netherlands, Belgium, Maldives, Luxembourg, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, East West & South Africa, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Pakistan.
The second phase of release includes the countries Jordan, Egypt, Lebanon, Taiwan, China, Japan, Korea and Russia.
Beyond the Clouds was released in India on 20 April 2018.
Reception
Critical response
International
Simon Abrams of Roger Ebert stated: "Majidi and Kashani's shared vision feels incomplete, as if they were moments away from realizing how to temper their story's condescending, but well-meaning perspective, but never got around to doing it." Critic Glenn Kenny of The New York Times noted that Majidi has a terrific talent for staging and shooting. However, he added that his story instincts are more run of the mill. Critic Guy Lodge based at Variety, stated: "Majidi's young leads lack finesse, but not emotive conviction, which suits the film's purposes just fine; egged along by that score, it's mostly all-caps protest cinema, getting its worthwhile message unambiguously across." Deborah Young who writes for The Hollywood Reporter, noted: "Beyond the Clouds is more openly dramatic, with its poor siblings caught between the implacable law which throws suspects into prison without trial and ferocious vice lords who control drugs and prostitution with impunity. In this toxic environment, children are collateral victims." For Screen Daily, Wendy Ide reviewed: "Although at times a little overwrought in tone, and at others emphatically sentimental, the film doesn't pull its punches when it comes to condemning a society which punishes its poor. It's also an arresting visual experience: a potent recurring motif uses silhouettes; another a scattering flocks of birds." Shyam Krishna Kumar of Gulf News stated: "Beyond the Clouds talks, with an extremely light touch, about the added pressure poverty puts on women and their safety. Majidi manages to tell this story in a country unlike his own — and tell it well — is a testament to its universal strength." J. Hurtado of Screen Anarchy stated: "A stranger in a strange land, Majidi's film attempts to use the rhythms of Bollywood without fully committing to the form, leaving this film as a bit of a half-baked effort that, while certainly worth watching, is far from a masterpiece". Anisha Jhaveri of IndieWire, graded the film B+ and noted: "Heartrending one minute and heavy-handed the next, "Beyond the Clouds" is in equal parts beautiful and frustrating."
India
Film critic Komal Nahta reviewed: "Beyond The Clouds is a beautifully shot and beautifully made human drama with some sterling performances. But it has limited appeal at the box-office because of the way in which it has been treated. Its difficult English title and lack of recognisable faces will further restrict its commercial chances."
Devesh Sharma of Filmfare reviewed, "It's the duty of artist to familiarise the unfamiliar and that's what Majidi has done here." He assigned the film 3.5 stars out of 5. Umesh Punwani at Koimoi gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5 and stated: "Majid Majidi, though not playing on his home ground, manages to hit the ball out of the park." Niel Soans of The Times of India assigned 3.5 stars out of 5, noting the visual appeal and direction, he pointed: "Majidi's subject matter might seem to be repetitive, but the famed director's take on redemption is fleshed out by strong performances to make Beyond the Clouds another notable entry in his filmography." Critic Anupama Chopra who wrote the review for Film Companion gave the film 3 stars out of 5, stated: "Beyond the Clouds is a mixed bag. It is likely to be a footnote in Majidi's rich filmography. But the film is worth seeing as an intriguing experiment." Critic Rajeev Masand who wrote for News 18, reviewed by assigning 3 stars out of 5, "Ultimately the film offers comfort in the familiar…for those that seek it. It's Majid Majidi-lite at best; a bittersweet, inoffensive drama that runs, but never flies". NDTV's Saibal Chatterjee gave the film 2.5 stars out of 5, calling it "overheated and underwhelming". Reviewing the film for Hindustan Times, critic Rohit Vats assigned 2.5 stars out of 5 and stated: "Despite excellent symbols and good performances in patches, Beyond The Clouds remains something we have seen before." Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express reviewed that the film is good-looking yet hollow, assigning it 2 stars out of 5. Namrata Joshi of The Hindu pointed: "The film just doesn't manage to throb with the authenticity of experience. It feels like an artificial world – virtuous but curiously inert."
References
External links
2017 films
2010s Hindi-language films
Indian docudrama films
Films scored by A. R. Rahman
Films directed by Majid Majidi
Films shot in Mumbai
Films shot in Rajasthan
Films set in Mumbai
Indian drama films
2017 drama films
Hindi-language drama films
Jezza (also spelt Jjeza) is a village situated in the Mpigi District of Uganda, just outside of the capital city Kampala. The village is served by the A109 highway.
Activities
The Jezza Market, which is a street market, is the main area of commerce within the town. The village features a local pub, the New Life Pub, and a church, the Jjeza Holiness Church & Orphanage Home.
Education
Located within Jezza is the Jezza Day & Boarding Primary School. The school is a co-ed, government owned and funded primary school. There were 379 students enrolled at the school in 2018. Also within Jezza is the privately operated Jezza Preparatory Primary School, which had an enrollment of 200 students in 2018. The schools serve both Jezza and villages in the surrounding area.
In the media
The village gained notoriety when visited by popular BBC television show Top Gear during the filming of the two-part Africa Special. The show visited the village because its name is the same as the nickname of presenter Jeremy Clarkson. The city therefore renamed an un-named alley to Jezza's Back Alley and the Jezza Church.
References
Populated places in Central Region, Uganda
Aleen Leslie (née Wetstein; February 5, 1908 – February 2, 2010) was a screenwriter, playwright, and novelist. She died in 2010, three days before her 102nd birthday. At that time, she was the oldest member of the Writers Guild of American-West. She is perhaps best known for the A Date with Judy media franchise. Leslie was also the author of the novels The Scent of the Roses and The Windfall, and wrote various plays for the Pasadena Playhouse.
Biography
Aleen Wetstein was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and was the daughter of Nat Wetstein (a traveling salesman) and Eugenie Mandel (a dressmaker). She began attending Ohio State University, but dropped out during the Great Depression. After becoming secretary of the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment, she began writing a weekly column called "One Girl Chorus" for The Pittsburgh Press. The column was eventually adapted by Wetstein and Jerome Lawrence as a radio domestic comedy titled A Date with Judy, which she adapted and exploited across all entertainment forms possible at that time, including theatre, film, television, and comic books.
Wetstein moved permanently to Hollywood in the late 1930s, and by 1938, she had talked her way into a job at Columbia Pictures. Her first screen credit was a Charley Chase comedy short, The Nightshirt Bandit (1938). She wrote stories and screenplays for Columbia features through 1941, returning to the studio briefly in 1949.
She married Jacques Leslie and in 1941 she began using her married name on scripts. Based on her success with A Date with Judy, she built a career writing teen-driven entertainment like Henry Aldrich Gets Glamour and Father Was a Fullback. In 1938 she had submitted a story to Universal Pictures as a possible vehicle for Deanna Durbin; it was accepted but shelved, and was finally filmed in 1942 as a vehicle for Gloria Jean, It Comes Up Love (released 1943).
Her last screen credit was Pardon My Nightshirt (1956), an Andy Clyde short based on the 1938 script The Nightshirt Bandit signed Aleen Wetstein; she did not participate in the rewrite, and was credited for the original story as Aleen Leslie.
Selected filmography
The Nightshirt Bandit (short, 1938)
The Doctor Takes a Wife (1940)
Affectionately Yours (1941)
The Stork Pays Off (1941)
It Comes Up Love (1943)
Henry Aldrich Gets Glamour (1943)
Henry Aldrich Plays Cupid (1944)
Henry Aldrich's Little Secret (1944)
Rosie the Riveter (1944)
A Date with Judy (1948)
Father Was a Fullback (1949)
Father Is a Bachelor (1950)
The Living North (1956)
Pardon My Nightshirt (short, 1956)
References
External links
Deadline.com
Hollywood Reporter obit
1908 births
2010 deaths
Ohio State University alumni
Writers from Pittsburgh
American centenarians
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
American women screenwriters
Women centenarians
21st-century American women
Sabnova () is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,820 as of 2010. There are 51 streets.
Geography
Sabnova is located 4 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Derbent is the nearest rural locality.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis, Tabasarans and Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Herman Bagger (20 July 1800 – 24 November 1880) was a Norwegian-Danish newspaper editor and politician.
Personal life
Herman Bagger was born in Lemvig in Jutland, Denmark to physician Eggert Christian Bagger (1768–1812) and his wife Claudine Margrethe (1774–1838), née Borgen. He had one older brother and three younger siblings.
On 9 June 1829 he married Marthe Elise Winther (1802–1870). The couple had five sons and one daughter.
Career
Bagger was a jurist by education. At the time of his marriage, he worked as a headmaster at a school in Drøbach.
In 1837, the year local government was introduced in Norway, Bagger was elected as the first mayor of Gjerpen municipality. He held this position until 1841. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, representing the rural constituency of Bratsberg Amt. However, he was not re-elected in 1842. The seat was taken by Frederik Charlow Sophus Borchsenius.
In 1842 Bagger started the newspaper Skiensposten, but he grew tired and resigned as chief editor later that year. Skiensposten survived for the time being, but went defunct in 1843. The same year, however, Bagger returned to the newspaper business, as co-editor of Bratsberg Amtstidende, founded by Peter Feilberg in 1840. The name was changed to Bratsberg Amtstidende og Correspondent. Bagger left already in 1844. He formed his own newspaper Bratsberg Amts Correspondent, later renamed Correspondenten. At the same time, Feilberg's newspaper reverted its name to Bratsberg Amtstidende. Bratsberg Amtstidende and Correspondenten would from now on become fierce rivals. Correspondenten, like Skiensposten before it, was pressed by Jens Melgaard, who owned a pressing plant rivalling that of Peter Feilberg. Bagger used his newspaper for political purposes, such as when he stood for election in 1844. He attacked the incumbent Frederik Charlow Sophus Borchsenius, who in turn was defended by Feilberg in the Bratsberg Amtstidende. In the end, Borchsenius was elected, not Bagger.
By that time Bagger had moved to the city, Skien. He had several supporters there, and was able to be elected mayor of that city. He served as mayor from 1847 to 1848 and 1850 to 1851, alternating with his friend Hans Severin Arentz. When living in Skien, which was a constituency of its own, Bagger was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, 1851, 1854, 1862 and 1868. His rival Borchsenius was elected as well, from Bratsbergs Amt in 1848, 1854, 1857 and 1862.
Throughout this period, Bagger edited the Correspondenten. He notably supported the radical politician Peter Bøyesen, and supported Hans and Hans Eleonardus Møller during the feud in the marine insurance business of Porsgrund. In his later years Bagger became more politically conservative. Bagger retired in 1874. Varden, which was founded in 1874, would later take over as the number one newspaper in Skien.
He died in 1880.
References
Further reading
1800 births
1880 deaths
Danish emigrants to Norway
Norwegian newspaper editors
Mayors of places in Telemark
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Skien
19th-century journalists
Male journalists
19th-century Norwegian writers
19th-century Norwegian male writers
People from Lemvig
Charles Edwin "Charley" Ackerly (January 3, 1898 – August 16, 1982) was an American wrestler who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was a 1920 graduate of Cornell University where he competed for the Cornell Big Red wrestling team under Coach Walter O'Connell. Ackerly was also a member of the Kappa Delta Rho fraternity and Sphinx Head Society.
He competed for the United States in the 1920 Summer Olympics held in Antwerp, Belgium in the freestyle featherweight division, winning the gold medal. He was the only American wrestler to win gold during the 1920 Olympics, and was given a hero's welcome in his hometown of Cuba following his return from Antwerp.
Ackerly was inducted into the Helms Foundation National Amateur Wrestling Hall of Fame in 1960 and Cornell's Hall of Fame in 1981.
After his wrestling career, he worked as a lawyer in Detroit, Michigan before retiring to Clearwater, Florida.
References
External links
Charles Ackerly's profile at databaseOlympics
1898 births
1982 deaths
Wrestlers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
American male sport wrestlers
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in wrestling
Cornell University alumni
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
People from Cuba, New York
People from Clearwater, Florida
This is a list of beaches in Northern Cyprus.
Karpass Peninsula
The Karpass Peninsula contains 46 sandy beaches, which are the nestling grounds for two species of sea turtles.
Bafra Beach: at an area with 5-star hotels in Vokolida, but also open to general public with a facility operated by the municipality
Golden Beach, also known as 'Pashi-Amos' (Fat Sand beach), or Nangomi: a large beach that is known as one of the finest in Cyprus and very little presence of human construction, near Rizokarpaso, in the Karpass National Park
Kaplıca Beach: in Davlos, nesting grounds for sea turtles
Rizokarpaso Public Beach: next to the Ayios Philon Church
Seabird Beach: very close to Cape Apostolos Andreas
Tatlısu Municipal Beach and surrounding sandy coves: in Akanthou, on the Northern Coastal Highway
Kyrenia and surroundings
Acapulco Beach: used by a 5-star hotel
Alagadi Beach: famous for being a nestling ground for sea turtles, whose eggs can be observed as they hatch
Camelot Beach: home to water sports
Deniz Kızı Beach
Dome Hotel Beach
Escape Beach: also site of landing for the Turkish invasion of Cyprus, site of water sports
Karakum Beach
Kervansaray Beach
Horse Nail Beach: near Livera, composed of small stones and site of diving and observation of marine life
Mare Monte Beach: located at a small cove
Famagusta and surroundings
Bedi's Beach: 8 kilometres north of Famagusta, next to the ancient city of Salamis
Boğaz Beach: next to a small fishing port, 25 kilometres north of Famagusta and on the way to the Karpass Peninsula
Golden Bay Beach: north of Glapsides beach, home to the facilities of the Eastern Mediterranean University as well as caravans
Glapsides Beach: a long beach around 5.5 kilometres north of Famagusta on the Famagusta-Karpass highway, home to water sports
Koca Reis Beach: around 12 kilometres north of Famagusta
Palm Beach: a popular beach for the locals at the city center of Famagusta, next to the ghost town of Varosha
Park Hotel Beach: around 10 kilometres north of Famagusta, managed by a hotel
Salamis Bay and Mimoza Hotel Beach: 12 kilometres north of Famagusta, home to water sports, managed by hotels
Morphou and Lefka area
Yeşilırmak Beach: in Limnitis
References
Northern Cyprus
Beaches
Beaches
Atlantic Ocean-related lists
Manikku Badaturuge Ariyapala (1 June 1916 – 10 December 2006) was a Sri Lankan academic and former President of the Colombo Campus, University of Colombo.
Ariyapla was born 1 June 1916 in Dodanduwa, Galle. He attended school at Mahinda College, before attending Ceylon University College. He then entered the University of London, where in 1941 he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Sinhala with first class honors. During this time he had the opportunity to teach Sinhala to Lord Soulbury, who went on to become the Governor-General of Ceylon (1949-1954). In 1949 Ariyapala obtained a PhD from the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London. His thesis, Society in Mediaeval Ceylon, has been extensively cited since its publication in 1956.
After becoming the President (Vice Chancellor) at the University of Colombo in 1977, Ariyapala implemented an extensive program of infrastructural activities to make Colombo Campus one of the best in the university system. He established country's first department of Linguistics in Colombo. Ariyapala was the head and first professor of the Department of Sinhala. He was also the Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Faculty of Humanities of the University of Colombo.
On 6 March 1952 he married Nilamani née de Silva, with whom he had five children: Kumundini, Harshini, Hemamala, Venya, and Peshali.
Ariyapal served as the President of the Buddhist Theosophical Society (1981-1982), President of All Ceylon Buddhist Congress (1983-1986, 1990-1991) and President of Royal Asiatic Society of Sri Lanka (1980-1985).
In 1984 he received an honorary Doctor of Letters (D. Litt.) from the University of Colombo and in 1992 an honorary D. Litt. from the University of Ruhuna.
In 1990 he collaborated with English scholar and poet, W. R. McAlpine, publishing the first English translation in verse of Kavsilumina, a historical Sinhalese love poem, which is purported to have been written by King Parakrama Bahu II.
Ariyapal died on 10 December 2006, at the age of ninety.
Bibliography
References
1916 births
2006 deaths
Sinhalese academics
Alumni of Mahinda College
Academics of the University of Colombo
Alumni of the University of London
Academics
Academics
Academia in Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan academics
Academics from Galle
People from Galle
The 2016–17 Eredivisie Vrouwen was the seventh season of the Netherlands women's professional football league. The season took place from 2 September 2016 to 26 May 2017 with eight teams. Defending champions FC Twente finished runners-up behind Ajax, who won their first Dutch championship.
Teams
On 16 June 2016, Achilles '29 was confirmed as the eighth team of the season.
Source: Soccerway
Format
At the regular season, the eight teams play each other three times, for a total of 21 matches each. After that the top four teams qualify for a championship play-off and the bottom four teams play a placement play-off. Teams play each other twice within its play-off group, for a total of 6 matches. Points accumulated at the regular season are halved and added to the points of the play-off stage rounds. The champion will qualify to the UEFA Women's Champions League.
Regular season
Standings
Results
Play-offs
Championship
The top four were set after matchday 18. Points of the first stage were halved.
Standings
Results
Placement
The bottom four were set after matchday 18. Points of the first stage were halved.
Standings
Results
Top scorers
Overall
Source: vrouwenvoetbalnederland.nl
Regular season
.
Play-offs
Championship group
.
Placement group
.
References
External links
Official website
Season on soccerway.com
Ned
1
2016–17
John T. "Whack" Hyder (July 10, 1912 – February 9, 2003) was an American college basketball coach. He is the second winningest coach in Georgia Institute of Technology's history with 292 wins. Hyder led the Yellow Jackets to their first NCAA Tournament appearance in 1960 where they advanced to the Elite Eight. In 1971, Georgia Tech reached the National Invitation Tournament championship game.
As a player, Hyder lettered in baseball, basketball, track, and cross-country at Georgia Tech. After graduating in 1937 he spent three years playing in the New York Yankees' minor league baseball system. Hyder served in the United States Navy in World War II before returning to Georgia Tech as an assistant men's basketball coach in 1946. In 1951, he was promoted to head coach where he remained until 1973.
Further reading
Father Knows Best – Whack Hyder's paternal feeling for his players make Georgia Tech a basketball power. Tax, Jeremiah. Sports Illustrated. February 15, 1960. Retrieved on February 20, 2014.
References
1912 births
2003 deaths
Akron Yankees players
Augusta Tigers players
Baseball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Basketball coaches from Georgia (U.S. state)
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Butler Yankees players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball coaches
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball players
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
Snow Hill Billies players
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American men's basketball players
People from Hall County, Georgia
People from Banks County, Georgia
Sylvester Williams (born January 26, 1958) is a retired American basketball player. Born in New Haven, Connecticut. In 1979 he was drafted 21st overall by the New York Knicks and he played parts of seven seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the New York Knicks, Atlanta Hawks and Boston Celtics, appearing in 305 regular season games and seven in the playoffs. In 1985 he signed for the Celtics, but was released on December 2 after a number of personal issues. The Celtics went on to win the 1986 NBA Finals in his absence. As a member of the Knicks, Williams was the last player to wear No. 33 before Patrick Ewing.
Williams was highly recruited as an American out of Lee High School in New Haven, Connecticut He averaged 31 points and 22 rebounds per game his senior year, leading his team to the Connecticut state title. He was highly recruited out of High School by schools such as the University of Rhode Island (URI), Providence College, University of Texas, University of Georgia, University of Connecticut and others. He verbally committed to Providence College and is credited with intensifying the rivalry between the URI and Providence College after signing a letter of intent to attend URI the first day of his fall semester, when he was supposed to arrive at Providence. He spent his whole college career attending URI.
In August 2002 he pleaded guilty to kidnapping charges after allegedly holding a woman captive for about 24 hours and threatening her with a knife in September 2001, and raping a second woman in January 2002. The cases were consolidated and Williams was charged with first-degree rape, sodomy and first-degree kidnapping. He was sentenced to up to five years in prison. Williams was working for a pipe and plastics company at the time of his arrest.
References
External links
Sly Williams NBA statistics at Basketball Reference
1958 births
Living people
21st-century American criminals
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American male criminals
American men's basketball players
American people convicted of kidnapping
American rapists
American sportspeople convicted of crimes
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball players from New Haven, Connecticut
Boston Celtics players
New York Knicks draft picks
New York Knicks players
Rhode Island Rams men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The banded prinia (Prinia bairdii) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
The eastern races are sometimes regarded as a separate species, the black-faced prinia (P. melanops).
References
banded prinia
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of Central Africa
banded prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lizel Moore (born 29 June 1970 in Bloemfontein) is an athlete from South Africa, who competes in triathlon.
Moore competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took thirtieth place with a total time of 2:08:18.19.
References
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bloemfontein
Olympic triathletes of South Africa
South African female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
University of Queensland alumni
20th-century South African women
21st-century South African women
Jens-Daniel Herzog (born 12 July 1964) is a German stage director for play and opera, and a theater manager.
Career
Jens-Daniel Herzog was born in Berlin, the son of the actor Peter Herzog. He studied Philosophy at the FU Berlin.
From 1989 Herzog was an assistant to the stage directors Dieter Dorn and Hans Lietzau at the Münchner Kammerspiele. In 1993 he directed there the premiere of Marlene Streeruwitz's New York. New York, in 1994 the premiere of Simone Schneider's Die Nationalgaleristen, also Die Nacht kurz vor den Wäldern (The Night Just Before The Forests) of Bernard-Marie Koltès. His production of David Mamet's Oleanna at the Schauspielhaus Zürich was invited to the festival Berliner Theatertreffen.
From 1995 Herzog was stage director and "Oberspielleiter" at the Kammerspiele. He also staged plays at the Hamburg Thalia Theater, the Burgtheater in Vienna and the Schauspiel Frankfurt. His first opera productions were Wagner's Tannhäuser and Tchaikovsky's Pique Dame in Zurich. Tannhäuser, conducted by Franz Welser-Möst with Peter Seiffert in the title role, was recorded on DVD in 2003.
From 2000 to 2006 he was Schauspieldirektor at the Nationaltheater Mannheim and also staged there Mozart's operas Così fan tutte and Die Entführung aus dem Serail, and Wagner's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg.
In 2007 Herzog staged at the Zurich Opera Humperdinck's Königskinder, conducted by Ingo Metzmacher, with Jonas Kaufmann as the King's Son, Isabel Rey as the Goose Girl, and Liliana Nikiteanu as the Witch. Herzog's 2008 Zurich production of Handel's opera Rinaldo, conducted by William Christie, was recorded on DVD, moving the scene from Jerusalem during the First Crusade to an airport lounge. In 2008 he also staged the "domestic comedy" Intermezzo of Richard Strauss, conducted by Peter Schneider, with Christiane Kohl as Christine, "the composer's formidable — and frequently hysterical — wife", Rod Gilfry as the composer, and Roberto Saccà as Baron Lummer. His first production at the Semperoper was in 2009 Handel's Giulio Cesare in Egitto.
Herzog has been Director of the Dortmund Opera since August 2011, where he first staged Wagner's Der fliegende Holländer, conducted by Jac van Steen, with Andreas Macco in the title role and Christiane Kohl as Senta. In March 2012, he staged Mendelssohn's oratorio Elias, with Christian Sist in the title role, as a polit story, presenting scenes such as an intensive care unit, a beach party and a presidential campaign. Herzog staged Die Zauberflöte at the opening of the Salzburg Festival 2012, conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt.
References
External links
Jens-Daniel Herzog Zürich Opera 2011
Jens-Daniel Herzog Staatstheater Karlsruhe 2011
Jens-Daniel Herzog Dortmund 26 March 2010
Private homepage of Jens-Daniel Herzog
German theatre directors
German opera directors
1964 births
Living people
BRZ may refer to:
Business Revitalization Zone, an area within which businesses pay an additional tax to fund improvements within the district's boundaries
Subaru BRZ, a sports car
brz is the ISO 639-3 code of the Bilibil language
Bruce Macpherson (born May 19, 1958 in Pembury, United Kingdom) is a former field hockey player from Canada.
Macpherson participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.
International senior competitions
1984 – Olympic Games, Los Angeles (10th)
References
Canadian Olympic Committee
External links
1958 births
Living people
Canadian male field hockey players
Canadian people of Scottish descent
English emigrants to Canada
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Kim Kyong-hun (; born 11 August 1990) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Kyonggongop and the North Korea national team.
Career
Kim was included in North Korea's squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Kim Kyong-hun at WorldFootball.com
Kim Kyong-hun at CambodianFootball.com
Kim Kyong-hun at DPRKFootball
1990 births
Living people
People from Wonsan
North Korean footballers
North Korea international footballers
North Korean expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cambodia
Association football defenders
Rimyongsu Sports Club players
Kyonggongopsong Sports Club players
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
The North East Side (Denver), is a region/area located in both Denver County and Adams County. The neighborhoods located within Denver's north east side are Elyria-Swansea, Commerce City, and Derby. As of the 2007 Denver Piton Foundation and the United States Census Bureau, the region/area had a total population of 53,541 people.
Geography
The North East Side of Denver is bordered by North Denver, (Globeville), North Washington, Welby to the west, East Denver (Cole, Clayton, Northeast Park Hill) to the south, East Denver (Stapleton) to the east, and Adams County to the north.
Demographics
As of the 2007 Denver Piton Foundation and the United States Census Bureau, there were 53,541 people, 16,764 households, and 12,496 families within the north east side communities. There were a total of 18,633 housing units. The racial makeup of the community was 14.52% non-Hispanic White, 3.43% Black or African American, 0.96% Native American, 0.43% Asian, 41.31% from other races, and 3.81% from two or more races. 80.62% of the population wereHispanic or Latino.
The median income for a household in the community was $39,072. About 17.08% of the families and 19.46% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.37% of those under age 18. The North East Side has a large population of Latinos/Hispanics (mostly Mexican), but there is also a large number of Central Americans and South Americans.
Education
The people that live in the Elyria-Swansea neighborhood in north east denver attend high school at either Manual High School or East High School.
The main elementary schools in the Elyria-Swansea neighborhood is Swansea Elementary School. The main middle schools attended are either Bruce Randolph Middle School or Smiley Middle School.
The main two high schools available for the kids of Commerce City and Derby are Lester Arnold High School, and Adams City High School.
Their main elementary schools are Dupont Elementary, Monaco Elementary, Hanson Elementary (PK-8), Kemp Elementary, Alsup Elementary, Central Elementary, and Rose Hill Elementary. The two main middle schools are Adams City Middle School and Kearney Middle School.
List of North East Side (Denver) Neighborhoods
Elyria-Swansea
Commerce City
Derby
See also
North West Denver
References
Denver metropolitan area
Regions of Colorado
David Waters may refer to:
David Waters (actor), (born; 1948) British Australian film, television and stage actor
David Waters, the killer of the American atheist activist Madalyn Murray O'Hair
Dave Waters (wrestler), member of the UK Pitbulls
David Watkin Waters, British naval historian
Sarita Joshi (née Bhosle) is an Indian stage, television and film actress and is a veteran actress of Gujarati theatre and Marathi theatre and also Marathi cinema. In 2020, she was awarded the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award, by the Government of India for her contribution to arts. She is widely remembered for her role as Godavari Labhshankar Thakkar a.k.a. Baa in the Star Plus hit dramedy Baa Bahoo Aur Baby, for which she won many awards. She is known for her Gujarati plays done with her husband Pravin Joshi in the 1970s.
In 1988, she was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Acting in Gujarati by the Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy of Music, Dance & Drama. In 2020, she has been awarded with Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award for her contribution in Art. She was recently seen in (2019) Zee TV's Hamari Bahu Silk as a hard-working businesswoman who hates films especially 'A' grade films . Sarita Joshi is currently seen on Anupama: Namaste America a prequel web series to Star Plus show Anupamaa as Rupali Ganguly portraying Anupamaa's grandmother-in-law and Arvind Vaidya portraying Hasmukh's mother Moti Baa, with whom she worked in Star Plus show Baa Bahoo Aur Baby where she was played mother and wife to Ganguly and Vaidya's characters respectively. Arvind Vaidya and Sarita Joshi collaborated and portrayed the characters of husband and wife respectively in the hit classic show Baa Bahoo Aur Baby.
She is currently playing the character of Radha Limaye aka Radha Tai/Kaku in Sony Sab's Pushpa Impossible.
Early life
Sarita was born in a middle class Marathi family in Pune, though she grew up in Vadodara. Her father, Bhimrao Bhosle, was a barrister and mother, Kamlabai Rane, was from Goa. She began acting on stage at the age of nine along with her sister Padmarani, due to financial problems that her family found itself in. Though she started with traditional theatre, she soon started working with noted artists like Shanta Apte. She is often confused with her sister, Padmarani, who is also an actress.
Career
After working as child actor for six years, Joshi got her first lead role at age 16. She went to act with Indian National Theatre Gujarati, and it was here that she met her future husband Pravin Joshi.
She made television debut in the 1980s, with the TV series, Titliyan (Butterflies), directed by Nadira Babbar, followed by numerous series in the 90s, including, Zee TV's Zee TV's Hasratein. She is best known for portraying Baa aka Godavari Labhshankar Thakkar a tough yet fair and loving matriarch in the household hit serial Baa Bahoo Aur Baby in which she was cast opposite a renowned theatre, film and television actor Arvind Vaidya with whom she also did the play named Masala Mami, which stopped on 28 March 2009 for a temporary seasonal break, but was renewed on popular demand. It is a popular show among masses and is still loved by the audience and are waiting for its next season. It ran for five years on television owing to its cast, storyline and performances. In 2009, Joshi played in the serial Kuchh Kook Hota Hai as Rani on 9X. Joshi played Asha Parekh's friend in the movie Kanyadaan in 1968 and also appeared in the song "Mil Gaye Milgaye Aaj Mere Sanam" from the same film. Joshi played Vijayanthimala's friend in the movie Pyar Hi Pyar in 1969. She also portrayed Abhishek Bachchan's mother in Guru, directed by filmmaker Mani Ratnam. She also played a central character in the 2008 movie Dasvidaniya. Joshi then travelled to the United States that year to be part of the crossover film, Bollywood Beats, starring alongside Lilette Dubey and Pooja Kumar, in a film directed by Mehul Shah. Out of all the mediums, she holds a special corner for theatre and stage performances. She claims that the joy of performing on stage is any time better than anything else and that theatre will always be her first love.
She stars in Star Plus' Chand Chupa Badal Mein, which is produced by Rajan Shahi as the caring, confident grandmother of female lead Nivedita, played by Neha Sargam. Her film Gangoobai has been released in theatres in January 2013 in which she plays the protagonist. She appeared in Meri Aashiqui Tumse Hi in 2015 as female lead (Radhika Madan's) grandmother aka Hansa Govardhan Parekh. She was also seen playing the character of Lalita Swamy "Amma" and as "daadi maa"in the episodic story 9 saal ki dadi maa in Sab TV's serial Khidki. She played the character of Bakula - the lead role in the &TV serial Bakula Bua Ka Bhoot in 2017.She also played cameo as Champa Kaki in (2005-2006) Star Plus's Khichdi Returns.
She played the character of Subhadra in the Colors TV show Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka (2018). She was seen in Zee TV's Hamari Bahu Silk (2019) in pivotal role as Aruna Parekh aka Baa— a wealthy and hardworking businesswoman who hates films especially 'A' grade films, she was also reunited with her onscreen son (Subodh) played by Rajesh Kumar in Baa Bahoo Aur Baby after 9 years on television.
Personal life
Joshi was first married to Rajkumar Khatau. Later, she married to theatre director and playwright Pravin Joshi. She is the mother of actresses Ketki Dave, who played the role of Daksha in Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi and of Purbi Joshi, who appears on Comedy Circus as a host. Aruna Irani is her sister's niece from husband side. Her niece is Manasi Joshi Roy (wife of Rohit Roy) and nephew is actor Sharman Joshi (son in law of Prem Chopra), son of theatre veteran Arvind Joshi.
Plays
Ame Paranyaa (1948-50)
Aaj ni Vaat (1948-50)
Dil ki Pyaas, Aankh ka Nasha
Ra Mandalik
Malavpati Munj
Prithvi Raaj Chauhan
Kuleen Kanya
Bal Kanaiyo
Gunhegaar
Inquilaab (Hindi)
Anokhi Pooja
Mangal Moorty
Jojo Moda Na Padaota (1962)
Prithvi Vallabh
Saccha Bola Jutha Laga
Balwant ni Baby
Moti Veraana Chok ma
Mograna Saap (1963)
Chandarvo (1963)
Saptapadi
Veni Ma Char Phool
Evam Indrajit
Dhummas
Sapna na Vavetar
Sahebo Gulab no Chod
Kaanch no Chandramaa
Vaishaki Koyal
Sharat
Manju Manju
Santu Rangili (1973)
Kumarni Agashi (1975)
Mausam Chalke
Lady Lalkunwar
Savita Damodar Paranjpe
Do Diwane Shaher Mein
Devaki
Masala Mami (Gujarati)– with Arvind Vaidya and Disha Vakani in the cast
Avsar Aavi ne Ubho Aangane
Sakubai (Hindi)
Shyamchi Aai (Marathi)
Filmography
Television
Films
Web series
Awards
In 2020, the Government of India honoured her with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in the Republic of India.
In 1988, she was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Acting in Gujarati. In 2007, for her role as Godavari Labhshankar Thakkar in Baa Bahoo Aur Baby, she was awarded a Best Actress in a Drama award by the IDEA Indian Television Academy Awards.
Other awards include:
Lifetime Achievement Award for Gujarati Theatre in 2007 by Transmedia (Organization felicitating artist on Gujarati Theatre & TV)
Mumbai Nagar Palika – Gold Medal
Marathi Natya Parishad – 1988
Maharashtra Gaurav Puraskar – 1990
Bank of India- Utkrushta Puraskar – 1997–98
Indo-American Society Award for Excellence – 1998
Gujarat Government Award – 1998
Bruhad Mumbai Gujarati Samaj – 2000
National School of Drama – (Delhi 2001)
RAPA Award – 2008
Jeevan Gaurav Puraskar – 2010
References
External links
Indian television actresses
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Indian soap opera actresses
Living people
Indian stage actresses
1943 births
Gujarati theatre
Recipients of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
20th-century Indian actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Actresses in Hindi television
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
Remi Francis Wolf (born February 2, 1996) is an American singer and songwriter from California. As a senior at Palo Alto High School, she appeared as a contestant on American Idol in 2014. After completing her studies at USC Thornton School of Music in 2018, she made her solo debut with the self-released extended play You're A Dog! in October 2019. Wolf subsequently released her second EP and major-label debut, I'm Allergic To Dogs!, on Island Records and Virgin EMI Records in June 2020, followed by her debut studio album, Juno, in October 2021.
Early life
Wolf was born in Palo Alto, California on February 2, 1996, to a Sicilian mother and a Russian-Persian father. At around the age of eight she became interested in competitive skiing, and represented the US in alpine skiing at the Youth Olympic Games for two consecutive years. At age 17, she moved to Los Angeles, where she attended the USC Thornton School of Music, graduating in 2018. Wolf appeared as a contestant during the audition rounds on the thirteenth season of American Idol in 2014, but without any formal dismissal, did not reappear later on in the show.
Career
Wolf formed her first band as a teenager with a friend and committed herself to music full-time at 16. She originally wanted to make a career as a songwriter.
She met producer Jared Soloman while in college. Their first track, entitled "Guy," landed Wolf a spot opening for Still Woozy and eventually led to a partnership with Apple to create a soundtrack for an iPhone commercial, which in turn led to partnerships with Dominic Fike and Cautious Clay.
She released her first EP after graduating from college.
Wolf entered rehab for alcohol in 2020, saying the move would help her career.
Wolf released her debut album, Juno, in October 2021.
In November of 2021, a single from Juno, "Grumpy Old Man", was featured in a commercial for Kraft Dinner.
Artistry
Musically, Wolf performs in what she describes as a "funky soul pop" genre. In a 2021 interview, she stated she wants to "constantly try to innovate the sound of pop music" and "erase the rules of pop". The New York Times wrote that she turns the genre bedroom pop into "hypercolored explosions". She experiments with upbeat, unconventional sounds to produce unique songs that connect to her personal life experiences. She gains her inspiration and love for music from artists such as Still Woozy, SZA, and John Mayer.
Personal life
Wolf is bisexual. She has been based in Los Angeles, California, since circa 2014. In June 2020, she was checked into rehab for alcoholism issues. She claims to have been sober ever since, and that in past instances she frequently drank to the point of blacking out, and although she could easily function in daily life, she had started fighting with family, friends and collaborators.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Songwriting credits
References
1996 births
Living people
Musicians from Palo Alto, California
21st-century American women singers
American women pop singers
American women singer-songwriters
American women in electronic music
American funk singers
Bedroom pop musicians
Island Records artists
Palo Alto High School alumni
Thornton School of Music alumni
American Idol participants
Bisexual musicians
LGBT people from the San Francisco Bay Area
LGBT singers from the United States
21st-century American singers
Singer-songwriters from California
Bisexual women
Morgan-Townsend House is a national historic site located at 13535 North Highway 19, Salt Springs, Florida in Marion County. The rectangular two and one-half story houses is an example of Frame Vernacular construction from the late nineteenth century.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 26, 2013.
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Marion County, Florida
Lakshman Wickremasinghe (25 March 1927 – 23 October 1983) was one of the youngest bishops in the Anglican Communion and a human rights activist.
Early life and education
Born on 25 March 1927, he was the third son of Cyril Wickremesinghe of the Ceylon Civil Service and Esme Goonewardene. One of his brothers was the press baron, Esmond Wickramasinghe.
Educated at Royal College, Colombo and S Thomas' Gurutalawa, he achieved the best First in political science from the University of Ceylon, then went to Keble College, Oxford but did not finish his Master's. He then went to theological college at Ely. Following his ordination in 1952 he worked at All Saints Church, Poplar, in the East End of London.
Career
In 1958 he returned to Sri Lanka, where he undertook parish work in Mutwal for a few years before he became the Chaplain at Peradeniya University. Wickremasinghe was consecrated as Bishop of Kurunegala in the Church of Ceylon at the end of 1962, when he was just 35, the youngest in the Anglican Communion. He was the successor to Lakdasa De Mel who had become Anglican Metropolitan of all four former British colonies, India, Burma, Pakistan (then including East Pakistan, the future Bangladesh), and Ceylon.
Human rights
He was much involved in human rights activities from 1971 onwards, and became Chairman of the Civil Rights Movement, protesting against the authoritarianism of J.R. Jayawardene's government and in particular its attacks on Tamils. He suffered a heart attack in 1981 and was advised to take things slow and had a year in England, where he was in July 1983 when Black July took place. He returned to Sri Lanka, and was one of the first leaders to go up to Jaffna, but all this caused another heart attack and he died in October that year.
The character of Harry in Rajiva Wijesinha's 1985 novel Acts of Faith is based on him.
References
External links
An Asian Bishop - Lakshman Wickremesinghe after 25 years
Legacy of Lakshman Wickremesinghe, 30 years after
1927 births
1983 deaths
Sinhalese priests
Alumni of Royal College, Colombo
Sri Lankan Anglican bishops
Sri Lankan Anglican priests
20th-century Church of England clergy
University and college chaplains in Sri Lanka
Anglican chaplains
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
Alumni of the University of Ceylon (Colombo)
English people of Sri Lankan descent
Anglican bishops of Kurunegala
Lakshman
The discography of English post-punk band The Pop Group consists of three studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums, three singles and four music videos.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Official website
The Pop Group at AllMusic
Discography
Discographies of British artists
Punk rock group discographies
Rock music group discographies
The Aftermath is a 2019 drama film directed by James Kent and written by Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse, based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Rhidian Brook. It stars Keira Knightley, Alexander Skarsgård and Jason Clarke. The film had its world premiere at the Glasgow Film Festival on 26 February 2019. It was released in the United States on 15 March 2019, by Fox Searchlight Pictures.
Plot
The Aftermath is set in British occupation zone in post-war Germany in 1945. Rachael Morgan arrives in the ruins of Hamburg in the bitter German winter to be reunited with her husband Lewis Morgan, a colonel of British Forces Germany charged with rebuilding the shattered city and dealing with violent insurgent Werwolf activities. The couple, whose relationship is tense due to their son Michael being killed during the Blitz by German bombing, will be staying in the requisitioned house of German architect Stefan Lubert and his teenage daughter Freda Lubert. Lewis decides to let Stefan and Freda stay in the house in the attic, a decision that Rachael is initially unhappy with because of her resentment toward Germans over Michael's death. She is very rude to Stefan. Meanwhile, Freda connects with Bertie, a young German deeply involved in the Werwolf movement.
However, Rachael bonds with Stefan over shared grief: Stefan's wife was killed by Allied bombing. Rachael and Stefan begin having an affair. The situation is complicated by British Forces Germany suspecting Stefan of Werwolf involvement, though it is actually Freda's boyfriend Bertie who is involved. Lewis eventually realises Rachael and Stefan are having an affair when he hears of her advocating on Stefan's behalf. When Lewis confronts Rachael, she tells him that she is leaving him to be with Stefan. Bertie tries to assassinate Lewis but instead kills Lewis' chauffeur by mistake. Bertie attempts to escape through the woods but falls through ice to his death. Lewis tells Rachael to leave the next morning. After Lewis admits his grief over Michael to Rachael, she hugs him. She accompanies Stefan and Freda to the railway station but decides to stay with Lewis instead of leaving with Stefan.
Cast
Production
In August 2016, it was announced Fox Searchlight Pictures acquired the film, with Alexander Skarsgård and Keira Knightley, James Kent directing it from a screenplay by Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse, while Ridley Scott as a producer under his Scott Free Productions banner. That same month, Jason Clarke joined the cast of the film. In February 2017, Fionn O'Shea joined the cast.
Principal photography began in January 2017, in Prague, Czech Republic.
Home media
The Aftermath was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 11 June 2019.
Reception
Box office
The Aftermath has grossed $9.2 million worldwide.
Critical response
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, reported that of critics have given the film a positive review based on reviews, with an average rating of . The website's critics consensus reads, "Tasteful to a fault, The Aftermath is worth seeking out only for the most passionate period drama enthusiasts." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 43 out of 100 based on 33 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."
References
External links
Scott Free Productions films
German drama films
British drama films
American drama films
Films set in 1945
Films set in Hamburg
Films shot in the Czech Republic
English-language German films
Films shot in Prague
BBC Film films
Fox Searchlight Pictures films
Films directed by James Kent (director)
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s British films
2010s German films
