Albert III of Austria (9 September 1349 – 29 August 1395), known as Albert with the Braid (Pigtail) (), a member of the House of Habsburg, was Duke of Austria from 1365 until his death.
Biography
Albert III was born in the ducal residence of Vienna, the third son of the Habsburg duke Albert II of Austria and his wife Joanna of Pfirt. Even though his father had determined a house law, whereby the four sons were obliged to rule jointly and equally, the eldest brother Rudolf IV assumed the reins of government after his father's death in 1358. He reaffirmed his supremacy issuing the Privilegium Maius. However, as his marriage remained childless he again had to share his power with his younger brothers. In 1365 Rudolf IV, Albert III, and Leopold III together signed the foundation certificate of the Vienna University (Alma Mater Rudolphina Vindobonensis); Rudolf died a few months later at the age of 25.
Divided rule
Albert, then the eldest surviving brother (the second-born son Frederick III had already died in 1362), inherited the rule and shared it with his younger brother Leopold III. Both were formally enfeoffed with the Duchy of Austria, Duchy of Styria, Duchy of Carinthia, and Duchy of Carniola by Emperor Charles IV. In 1369 the Habsburg dukes succeeded the late Meinhard III, Count of Gorizia-Tyrol in the County of Tyrol, when after a drawn-out conflict the Wittelsbach Duke Stephen II of Bavaria finally renounced his rights.
In 1368 the Habsburg brothers purchased the Swabian city of Freiburg. But their attempt to gain control over the Adriatic port of Trieste failed in an armed conflict with the Republic of Venice in 1369/70. Trieste was not won until 1382, when the citizens sought protection from Venice by subjecting themselves to Austrian rule. In 1374 the Austrian dukes inherited large territories in the Windic March and Istria from the late Albert III, Count of Gorizia, which they attached to the Duchy of Carniola. The next year they acquired the Swabian lordship of Feldkirch from the Counts of Montfort, the nucleus of the Habsburg possessions in later Vorarlberg.
Tension developed between the brothers, and in 1379 Albert and Leopold, by the Treaty of Neuberg divided the extended Habsburg territories. Albert received Austria proper (Austria Inferior), while Leopold get Styria, Carinthia and Carniola (Austria Interior), Tyrol (Austria Superior) and the dynasty's original possessions in Swabia (Austria Anterior). The division of the Habsburgs into the Albertinian Line and Leopoldian line was a significant disadvantage in competition with the rival Wittelsbach and Luxembourg dynasties. It persisted until 1490, when Archduke Sigismund of Tyrol and Further Austria handed over his estates to his cousin King Maximilian I.
Politics
In 1377, Albert went on a crusade in Prussia against pagan Baltic Lithuanian and Samogitian tribes.
Meanwhile, the expansion of the Habsburg dukes in Swabia collided with the growth of the Old Swiss Confederacy and sparked armed revolts. In 1386 Duke Leopold III and numerous Austrian nobles were killed in a disastrous defeat at the 1386 Battle of Sempach, whereafter Albert once again became sole ruler over the Albertinian and Leopoldian lands, acting as regent for his minor nephews. Another attempt to restore Habsburg rule in Swabia failed, when Albert's knights were again defeated by the Swiss pike squares in the 1388 Battle of Näfels and the duke had to call for an armistice.
In the Austrian lands, his government was beneficial to the realm, as he supported the arts and sciences. Albert was an apt scholar himself, particularly as a mathematician and astrologer. The eldest preserved book of the Austrian National Library, a 1386 Evangelion, comes from his personal property. The duke expanded the University of Vienna and, during the Western Schism, reached the consent of Pope Urban VI to establish a theological faculty. He continued the building of St. Stephen's Cathedral and attempted to refurbish Vienna modelled on Emperor Charles' residence in Prague. Albert's nickname refers to his particular hairstyle, part of the vestments of a short-lived chivalric order (Zopforden) he had established and which dissolved upon his death.
By the end of his reign, Albert had established a firm princely rule over the Austrian duchy, stretching along the Danube from the Hungarian border on the Leitha River in the east to the Hausruck range in the west. In the conflict over the succession upon the death of Emperor Charles IV in 1378, Albert joined the forces of the Luxembourg heirs Jobst of Moravia and Sigismund against the incapable king Wenceslaus and seemed a likely candidate for the German throne himself. However, he died in August 1395 while staying in his Laxenburg hunting lodge, during the preparations of a military campaign to achieve Wenceslaus' deposition which took place in 1400. He is buried in the Ducal Crypt in the Stephansdom cathedral in Vienna.
Family and children
Albert III was married twice. The first marriage, after 19 March 1366, was with Elisabeth of Bohemia, a daughter of the Luxembourg emperor Charles IV. This marriage was childless; his wife died at age fifteen. Afterwards, he married Beatrix of Nuremberg, a daughter of the Hohenzollern burgrave Frederick V of Nuremberg and his wife Elisabeth of Meissen, a member of the House of Wettin and a descendant of the extinct Babenberg dukes of Austria.
Beatrix gave him his only son, Albert IV, who succeeded him but soon had to cede the rule over the Inner Austrian, Tyrolean and Further Austrian possessions to his Leopoldian cousins William and Leopold IV. The Albertinian line became extinct with the death of Ladislaus the Posthumous in 1457.
Ancestry
References
Sources
External links
|-
Albert 3 of Austria
Albert 3 of Austria
14th-century dukes of Austria
Albert 3
Albert 3
Albert 3
Albert 3 of Austria
Dukes of Carniola
Burials at St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna
The Noire River is a tributary of the North-West shore of Saint Lawrence River flowing north-east of La Malbaie, in the municipality of Saint-Siméon, in Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in Quebec, in Canada.
The lower portion of this valley is served by Route 138 which runs along the shoreline of the St. Lawrence River. Route 170 which links Saint-Siméon to Petit-Saguenay village serves the lower and middle parts of this valley. The upper part of the valley has some secondary forest roads for forestry and recreation purposes.
Forestry is the first economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism activities, second.
The surface of the Black River is usually frozen from early December to late March, however, safe ice movement is generally from mid-December to mid-March.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Noire River are:
North side: Petite rivière Saguenay, Laurent Creek, Deschênes River, Rivière de la Baie des Rochers, Saguenay River;
East side: St. Lawrence River;
South side: Noire South West River, Port au Persil River, Port au Saumon River, Rivière à la Loutre, Comporté River, Malbaie River, Jacob River;
West side: Petit Saguenay River, Catin River, Pin Creek, Cami River.
The Noire River rises at the mouth of "lac à l'Ours" (Bear Lake) (length: , altitude: ). This spring is located at west of the mouth of the Noire River (confluence with the St. Lawrence River, south of Anse St. John of the Saguenay River, south-west of the mouth of the Saguenay River and northwest of downtown La Malbaie.
From its source (lac à l'Ours), the course of the Noire River descends on according to the following segments:
Upper course of the Noire River (segment: )
south-east, crossing the "lac de la Branche" (Branche Lake) and the "lac de l'Épinette" (Épinette Lake) (length: ; altitude: ) on to its mouth;
to the south forming a large S, up to a river bend;
north-east, then branching south-east at the end of the segment, to a creek (coming from the west);
east to the west shore of the "lac de la rivière Noire" (Noire River Lake);
East, then West across Noire River Lake (length: ; altitude: ), to its mouth;
north-east, then south-east, crossing two large rapids, one at the end of the segment, to the Black River Middle (coming from the Southwest);
Lower course of the Noire River (segment: )
to the east by collecting the dump (coming from the North) of Lake Germain and forming a hook to the South, to the Black River Southwest (coming from South);
to the east, until the discharge (coming from the North) of lakes including Hay Lake, Lake Brouillard and Lake Simard;
northeasterly forming a few serpentines in a small walled valley, up to a river bend;
to the southeast, forming some serpentines in a plain between two series of mountains, crossing the "rapids at William" and cutting at the end of the segment on Route 138 to the mouth of the river.
The mouth of the Noire River flows on the northwestern shore of the St. Lawrence River on the north side of the village of Saint-Siméon. This confluence is located at:
South of the mouth of the Saguenay River;
north-east of downtown La Malbaie;
north-east of downtown Baie-Saint-Paul.
Toponymy
The toponym "rivière Noire" was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec.
Notes and references
See also
Saint-Siméon, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, a municipality
St. Lawrence River
Rivière Noire Sud-Ouest, a watercourse
Rivière Noire du Milieu, a watercourse
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix Regional County Municipality
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
Patrick Dellit (born 21 August 1986) is an Australian rugby union footballer. His regular playing position is either as a centre or a winger. He currently represents the Western Force in Super Rugby. He made his debut for the franchise during the 2011 Super Rugby season against the Lions in Johannesburg.
Super Rugby statistics
References
External links
Western Force profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
1986 births
Australian rugby union players
Western Force players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union wings
Rugby union players from Sydney
Living people
New South Wales Country Eagles players
The Kurtz House, is a historic residence located in Washington, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The house was begun by V.W. Andrus in 1867, and completed in 1869 by M. Barratt when Andrus ran out of money. J.F. Kurtz, for whom the house is named, lived here from 1919 to 1943. The two-story vernacular Italianate structure was built with locally made brick. It is capped with a hip roof and deck. Decorative details include wide eaves and a wood cornice that are supported by paired brackets. Brick pilasters separate the bays. A single-story addition was built onto the rear of the house, and the front porch has been removed.
References
Houses completed in 1869
Italianate architecture in Iowa
Houses in Washington County, Iowa
Washington, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
1869 establishments in Iowa
Davide Perona (born 4 June 1968) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in three editions of the Tour de France and three editions of the Giro d'Italia.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
People from Verzuolo
Cyclists from Piedmont
Sportspeople from the Province of Cuneo
Roy Chiu (; born 14 October 1981) is a Taiwanese actor, singer and racing driver. he earned two Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor nominations for his performances in Dear Ex (2018) and Man in Love (2021) and also received two Taipei Film Awards for Best Actor for these two performances.
Filmography
Television series
Film
Music videos
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Soundtrack albums
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Taiwanese people of Hakka descent
Taiwanese male film actors
Male actors from Taipei
Taiwanese Buddhists
Taiwanese Mandopop singers
Musicians from Taipei
Taiwanese racing drivers
Hakka musicians
21st-century Taiwanese male actors
21st-century Taiwanese male singers
Taiwanese male television actors
University of Taipei alumni
Vernon E. Kniptash was an Indianapolis engineer and a corporal during World War I. He kept a diary which is published under the title ''On the Western Front with the Rainbow Division.
Kniptash was born in Terre Haute, Indiana but his family moved to Indianapolis and he graduated from Emmerich Manual High School in 1914. He then enlisted in the First Indiana Field Artillery, which was later activated as the 150th Field Artillery Regiment. The 150th Field Artillery deployed to Europe as part of the 42nd Infantry Division. Kniptash was originally assigned to Battery A, but also served as a radio operator for regimental headquarters, and kept a diary.
The 150th Field Artillery returned to the United States in late April 1919, and Kniptash returned to Indiana in May. He found a job with Vonnegut & Bohn, eventually earning a license as a structural engineer, despite his lack of college education. He lost his position during the Great Depression, but was able to find other work, including with the Army Corps of Engineers at Indiana Dunes.
After Kniptash's death in 1987, his wartime diaries were discovered by his family, along with photos and other items from World War I. They were published as a book in 2009. The diary, along with those of Elmer Straub and Elmer Sherwood, gives different perspectives of enlisted soldiers in the 150th Field Artillery.
References
Sources
American structural engineers
Indiana National Guard personnel
People from Indianapolis
Jefferson Abacuc Vargas Pacheco (born 6 November 1984) is a Colombian former professional road cyclist.
Major results
2008
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a Colombia
2011
1st Stage 2 Vuelta al Valle del Cibao
2012
1st Stage 4 Vuelta al Tolima
References
1984 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Sportspeople from Boyacá Department
Horseshoe Mountain () is a mountain just west of Mount Fleming, standing on the north side of the head of Taylor Glacier, near the edge of the polar plateau in Oates Land, Antarctica, close to its boundary with Victoria Land. It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, and so named because of its shape.
References
Mountains of Oates Land
Kozlovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 12 as of 2002.
Geography
Kozlovka is located 17 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ignachevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Caesia parviflora, the pale grass lily, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asphodelaceae, subfamily Hemerocallidoideae, native to Australia, being found in New South Wales, Queensland, Victoria, Tasmania, South Australia and Western Australia.
This is a small plant up to 50 centimeters tall, found in heath, woodland and dry sclerophyll forest, usually near grasses. It often grows on sandstone-based soils. The lily-like flower is about 1.2 centimeters wide and has three grey or purple stripes on each petal. Flowering occurs in spring and summer.
The original specimen was collected in Sydney, dated 16 October 1803. In 1810, the species appeared in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae, authored by the prolific Scottish botanist, Robert Brown. The generic name honours Federico Cesi, a 17th-century Italian naturalist. The specific epithet parviflora translates to "small flowered".
At least three subspecies are recognised:
Caesia parviflora var. parviflora, with white flowers
Caesia parviflora var. vittata, with blue flowers
Caesia parviflora var. minor, less than 20 cm tall, with blue or white flowers. This subspecies is considered endangered.
References
External links
Caesia parviflora occurrence data from Australasian Virtual Herbarium
Flora of Australia
Hemerocallidoideae
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Outside Child is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter, poet, activist and multi-instrumentalist Allison Russell. Produced by Dan Knobler and released by Fantasy Records on May 21, 2021, it is Russell's first release as a solo artist following two decades of performing and releasing music as a member of the groups Po' Girl, Birds of Chicago and Our Native Daughters. Lyrically, the album details Russell's experiences with the abuse she endured as a child at the hands of her stepfather, with The New York Times describing it as “a harrowing story of survivor's joy” and Russell herself stating that “the record itself isn't really about abuse. It's about the journey out of that, and breaking those cycles. It is about resilience, survival, transcendence, the redemptive power of art, community, connection, and chosen family”.
The album received critical acclaim from music critics and was listed on numerous 2021 "best of" lists, receiving three nominations at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. Outside Child won the Americana Music Association's award for 2022 Album of the Year.
Background
Writing for what would eventually become Outside Child began on the tour bus that Russell shared with Amythyst Kiah, Leyla McCalla, Rhiannon Giddens during the tour to support the 2019 albumSongs of Our Native Daughters, with Russell and her husband former bandmate JT Nero sharing song ideas online. Recording Songs of Our Native Daughters helped to inspire Russell, who explained that “The history that we were excavating on that project really made me understand my own history within the context of this continuum. Bigotry and abuse are intergenerational traumas. It's not just my story.” The process of writing the album was revelatory for Russell, who noted that “It was this awakening, to reclaim a part of yourself that has been just about pain and shame and misery.”
Russell had hinted at the physical, mental and sexual abuse she had suffered when she was younger in some of her previous songs, including "Part Time Poppa" and "Corner Talk" from Po' Girl's 2004 Vagabond Lullabies album. After finding out that her niece and nephew would be moving in with her mother and stepfather, Russell filed rape and assault charges against her adoptive father despite knowing how unlikely it would be that he would be convicted. When other women substantiated Russell's allegations, her stepfather pled guilty, receiving only a three-year sentence with a chance of parole, leading Po' Girl to release the track "No Shame" in 2009. Reflecting upon these exceptional references to her past, Russell stated that “at that time I was trying to do something I wasn't yet ready to do” and that “the first time I started trying to write what had happened to me to kind of exorcise it out of me like a demon” but that she was added that she was writing “very third-person, very 'It's not me; it's a character”. The progress made by society caused her to reconsider her reluctance, explaining in an interview that “I really feel the difference going through this process now. There are conversations that we're having in the mainstream now that we just were not having. There wasn't this network of survivors that we have now, there wasn't #MeToo then. And I'm a mother now, and that has changed everything. That has given me a layer of bravery and armor”.
When she moved to Nashville from England, singer-songwriter Yola befriended Russell during the development of Outside Child and Yola explained that “when we were hanging out, there was this process of getting ready to tell this story. We'd definitely have conversations where we worked on that strength and that sense of daring to exist, daring to be your most self, to speak your truthiest truth. It's really beautiful to watch her come to this place where she's like, now's the time.”
The album was recorded during Americanafest in September 2019, where Russell was able to invite Yola and The McCrary Sisters to provide guest vocals. Funding for the album was granted by the Canada Council of the Arts and Russell recorded the album with producer Dan Knobler over a period of just four days with only three or four takes per song and with a full band in the studio. Russell found the recording process both emotional and healing in equal measure, noting that “We were laughing, we were crying. And the communion between musicians, I hope people can hear that on the record. It felt like magic”. Speaking of the McMcrary Sisters, whom Russell contacted through their friendship with Yola, Russell explained that she had been a fan of them since she had moved to Nashville and “reached out to them thinking I wouldn't be able to afford them and they were so generous. They came and sang for way less than they are worth and worked within my budget. I was honored that they came”. She noted that, once she had assembled her team of collaborators, she was able to stand back and allow the music to flow, stating “it was really a matter of casting the room and then letting people shine the way they do”.
Prior to release, Russell shared the album with several close friends and confidantes including Brandi Carlile, who was “blown away” by it and expressed that “I remember thinking, this is one of the best conceptual albums I've ever heard”. Carlile called Fantasy Records, with whom she had a working relationship following her production of While I'm Livin' by Tanya Tucker, and played them Outside Child which resulted in them signing Russell and releasing the album.
Russell stated that “One of the things that I think we don't talk about as survivors is the extreme joy that comes when you are over on the other side. Part of putting this record out is just wanting to show that there's a road map. You are not defined by your scars. You are not defined by what you've lost. You are not defined by what someone did to you. Yes, that's a part of the story. That's a part of who you become. But it doesn't define you”.
Composition
Lyrics
Opening track "Montreal" was described as a “gentle thank you to a benevolent city”, referencing how Russell felt that the city protected her from harm when she ran away from home at age fifteen and had to sleep in cemeteries, cafes and McGill University where she went to school. Talking about "Montreal", Russell explained that “in this track, I give thanks for my wondrous hometown of Montreal. I was a teenage runaway – I believe in many ways the City herself protected me. I wandered the Mountain at all hours and slept in the graveyard in the summertime. I haunted the Cathedrals and slept in the pews. Sometimes I stayed up all night playing chess with the old men in the 24 hr. cafes. I got to hear Oscar Peterson play for free in the park during Jazz Fest… I was very lucky to grow up there.”
The album's first single, "Nightflyer" was inspired by an ancient Gnostic poem titled "The Thunder, Perfect Mind", which Russell read when she was sixteen, noting that “it's an exhortatory poem discovered among the Gnostic manuscripts in the Nag Hammadi library in the 40's. It has never left me. I've been meditating on the nature of resilience, endurance, and grace more deeply since becoming a mother. I was trying to bridge the divide and embrace shame and my inner divinity equally with this piece”. Of the song, she added that “in a way it's rooted in the pain of the past, but it's clear that the protagonist — who's me, of course — is not trapped in that situation anymore. It's about breaking the cycle of abuse”.
"Persephone", named after the Greek mythological figure, details Russell's relationship with a young woman during her teenage years who offered refuge, solace and a brief respite from the abusive life she was experiencing at home. Russell stated that the song is “an homage to my first love – she helped me through my early days of being a teenage runaway and taught me that people can be kind… It's about the healing joy of experiencing a consensual sexual awakening after a decade of abuse – and about the transformative rebirth that is possible when we begin to love and be loved with mutual care, respect and honesty”.
"4th Day Prayer" was the first track that Russell wrote for Outside Child and she told No Depression that the idea came to her while trying to find clean clothes for her daughter Ida on the tour bus in the middle of the night while trying not to wake up her bandmates or their children and how she remembered thinking that “I and my daughter were surrounded by this beautiful wolfpack of wild, wonderful women, and I was so lucky to be in this situation. I thought about every single woman before me who didn't have this level of support like I had with my native daughters and with an incredibly loving partner and being equal in raising our daughter, writing together” and how this contrasted with her teen years, where she was being raped and tortured every day while her school friends around her were talking about how they were the best years of their lives.
Russell described the album's fifth track, "The Runner", which features her “chosen sister” Yola on harmony vocals, as a song “about music saving my life and setting me on the path to healing and freedom”.
"Hy-Brasil" is named after the mythical island of the same name and casts Hy-Brasil as the spiritual home to which Russell's soul would travel to escape the mental abuse. It draws on Russell's Scottish heritage and acts as a tribute to her grandmother, Dr. Isobel Roger-Robertson, whom Russell describes as the “brightest light of my childhood”.
The seventh track, "The Hunters", is based on Russell's experiences using literature and fantasy as a form of escapism to deal with the physical side of her abuse, with Russell pointing out that the song is an homage to shapeshifting during those years.
"All of the Women", one of the few songs on the album written solely by Russell, is similar in theme to "Corner Talk", a track that appeared on Vagabond Lullabies, a 2004 album by Russell's former band Po' Girl and details the story of a local prostitute with whom Russell was both enamored with and concerned for as a child and is partially inspired by the work Russell did with homeless girls after beginning her own process of healing. The track features harmony vocals from renowned gospel group The McCrary Sisters, who represent the security provided by supportive women that Russell did not have as a child but has gained as an adult.
"Poison Arrow", the album's ninth track, has been described as “the candid confessions of a woman who's gone through many hellish experiences and come through it with uncommon grace”.
The album's closing track, "Joyful Motherfuckers", is a duet between Russell and her husband JT Nero and a cathartic track offering a prayer of forgiveness for her father's brutality and a hymn to the soothing love of her spouse and extended family, with the pair singing of “hopeful sinners, true forgivers, the courageous, and the lovers — shouting out loud for all to hear the power of love to conquer hate”.
Themes
Though primarily sung in English, Russell sings certain words or lyrics in French and noted in interviews that she sings in whatever way feels natural at the time.
Several tracks on the album make reference to the "jackal", which is Russell's descriptor for her adoptive father.
Music
Outside Child is an americana album, drawing inspiration from a range of roots music genres including folk, blues, soul, roots rock, jazz, gospel, country, Appalachian and old-time music. The music has been described as “lustrous and diverse, from the churning minor-key rock of "The Runner" to the eerie, feedback-edged “Hy Brasil” to "The Hunters", which has a hint of the Caribbean lilt”, the “gospel-y "Nightflyter"” and the “country-tinged "Persephone"”.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from AllMusic.
Marc Baptiste - photography
Jason Burger - drums, percussion
Steve Dawson - pedal steel
Jamie Dick - drums, percussion
Tom Dolan - layout, typography
Dan Knobler - production, banjo, engineering, guitar, mellotron, mixing, slide guitar, synthesizer
Drew Lindsay - guitar, mellotron, organ, piano, wurlitzer
The McCrary Sisters - harmony vocals (track 8)
Chris Merrill - bass
Ruth Moody - harmony vocals
JT Nero - acoustic guitar, guest vocals (track 11)
Joe Pisapia - acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Erin Rae - harmony vocals
Kim Rosen - mastering
Allison Russell - lead vocals, banjo, clarinet, harmony vocals
Jake Sherman - organ
Kevin Sokolnicki - engineering
Yola - harmony vocals (track 5)
Critical reception
Outside Child was met with widespread critical acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 86, based on 4 reviews.
Despite the heavy subject matter, Jon Pareles of The New York Times described it as “an album of strength and affirmation, not victimization”. Chris Willman of Variety stated that “Russell's solo debut reaches back into the details of an unspeakably abusive upbringing for an almost indescribably rewarding album” and adding that “It might be premature to proclaim Allison Russell's solo debut the album of the year but Outside Child sure has the inside track. With 2021 not yet at the halfway point, it's hard to imagine many other albums coming along that could match the combination of emotional potency, melodic fluency, social significance and heartrending beauty in Russell's retelling of a lifetime's worth of debasement and self-reclamation. Musical memoirs don't come braver, or better”. Willman praised Outside Child for the “unsentimental uplift infused throughout” and “smart musical choices”, summarizing that “Russell, her co-writer/husband JT Nero and producer Dan Knobler employ a variety of styles and moods that make the album feel like a 50-minute epic journey with lots of small salvations and micro-empowerments on the way to a well-healed close” and praising the sonic mix of genres.
Awards and nominations
References
2021 albums
Folk albums by Canadian artists
Juno Award for Contemporary Roots Album of the Year albums
Mossend and Holytown is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects three councillors.
As its name suggests, its territory comprises the localities of Mossend (as well as parts of Bellshill including the town centre east of Motherwell Road, and the Thorndean and Milnwood neighbourhoods) and neighbouring Holytown (plus part of New Stevenston – streets north of the Shotts Line railway tracks). A 2017 boundary review reduced the territory in central Bellshill slightly, and caused a small decrease in the electorate. The ward had a population of 13,480 in 2019.
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
On 10 July 2018, councillor David Baird was suspended from The SNP for 'breaking procedure'. He then sat as an Independent, before re-joining the party in 2018.
2012 Election
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Bellshill
This is a list of magazines marketed primarily for computer and technology enthusiasts or users. The majority of these magazines cover general computer topics or several non-specific subject areas, however a few are also specialized to a certain area of computing and are listed separately.
General magazines
These publications appeal to a broad audience and usually include content about computer hardware and software and technology news. These magazines could also be called technology magazines because of the large amount of content about non-computer consumer electronics, such as digital audio player and mobile phones.
Bi-monthly
Component Developer Magazine (CODE)
Monthly
APC (Australia)
Computer Shopper (UK)
Computer Shopper (US)
Digit (India)
PC Magazine
PC Pro
PC World
PC Quest (India)
iX (magazine) (Germany)
Fortnightly
c't (Germany, Netherlands)
Computeractive (United Kingdom)
Weekly
Computer Weekly (United Kingdom)
Computerra (Russia)
Computing (United Kingdom)
Micro Mart (United Kingdom)
Online-only
Datamation, previously in print 1957–98, the first computer magazine. (United States)
Topic-specific magazines
These publications are marketed towards people who are interested in a specific topic of computing.
Commodore Amiga
Amiga Computing (United Kingdom, United States) (discontinued)
Amiga Format (United Kingdom) (discontinued)
Apple Mac
Call-A.P.P.L.E. (United States)
MacTech (United States)
MacFormat (United Kingdom)
MacLife (Germany)
MacLife, formally MacAddict (United States)
MacUser (United Kingdom)
Macworld (Australia, United States, Italy, Germany, Sweden, Spain, United Kingdom)
RISC OS/Acorn
Acorn User (United Kingdom) (discontinued)
Archive (United Kingdom)
The Micro User (United Kingdom) (discontinued)
Qercus (United Kingdom)
Web development
.net (United Kingdom)
Computer modification
Custom PC (United Kingdom)
Maximum PC (United States)
PC Extreme (United Kingdom) (discontinued)
Gaming
Internet
First Monday (Internet) (peer reviewed)
Internet Magazine (United Kingdom) (discontinued) Spider (Pakistan) (discontinued) Webuser (United Kingdom) (discontinued)
BusinesseWeek (United States)InformationWeek (United States)InfoWorld (United States)
MusicComputer Music (United Kingdom)
Mobile computingPC Today (United States)
Novice usersFirst Glimpse (United States)
1980s computers
The following magazines cover 1980s home computers such as the Amiga, Atari 8-bit, Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum or Amstrad CPC. Most of these magazines are now discontinued as the computers they discuss are now out of production.
Partworks
The following magazines were published as partworks:The Home Computer Advanced Course (United Kingdom) (1984-1985)The Home Computer Course (United Kingdom) (1983-1984)PC Ace (United Kingdom) (1999-2001)
Linux and open-source
The following magazines cover topics related to the Linux operating system (as well as other Unix based operating systems) and other forms of open-source/ free software. Some of these magazines are targeted at IT professionals (with an emphasis on the use of these systems in the workplace) whilst others are designed for home users.Free Software Magazine (Internet)Full CircleLinux Format (United Kingdom)Linux Gazette (Internet)Linux Journal (United States) (shutdown August 7, 2019)Linux Magazine (United Kingdom/Europe)Linux Magazine (United States)Linux User and Developer (United Kingdom)Linux Voice (United Kingdom)Linux Weekly News (Internet)Open Source For You (India)
Sales
The following magazines cover computer, peripheral, software and service distribution, through all their aspects (marketing, strategy, channel, retail or wholesale).Channel World, Belgium, Czech Republic, India, NetherlandsCRN Magazine, US, Europe and other countriesIT Bransjen, Norway
Academic journals
A number of journals are circulated in academic circles (normally associated with a governing body such as the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, IEEE). These may cover several different topics as well as computing and often deal with more technical aspects of hardware and software.ACM Computing Reviews (United States) (ACM)ACM Queue (United States) (ACM)ACM Transactions on Graphics (United States) (ACM)American Programmer (United States)C/C++ Users Journal (United States) (independent publisher, defunct)Computer (United States) (IEEE, Computer Society)Computer Graphics (United States) (ACM SIGGRAPH)Dr. Dobb's Journal (United States) (independent publisher, defunct)IEEE Internet Computing (United States) (IEEE, Computer Society)IEEE Intelligent Systems (United States) (IEEE, Computer Society)IEEE Micro (United States) (IEEE, Computer Society)IEEE MultiMedia (United States) (IEEE, Computer Society)IEEE Software (United States) (IEEE, Computer Society)Overload (United Kingdom) (ACCU)
Other, now defunct, computer-related magazines
.info Ahoy! Boot Byte C (Finland)
CD-ROM Today Compute! COMPUTE!'s Gazette Computer Decisions Creative Computing Electronics Today International, electronics magazine that also published early homebrew computer systems
Family Computing (later Home Office Computing), home/educational-oriented magazine published by Scholastic, Inc.
Games for Windows: The Official Magazine Hebdogiciel, French computing magazine from the 1980s
CHIP (India)
IT-Branchen (Denmark)
Kilobaud Microcomputing (United States)
Microsystems New Computer Express (United Kingdom)
Nibble PC Ace Personal Computer News (United Kingdom)
Popular Computing Weekly (United Kingdom)
The One The Rainbow RUN SunWorld, about Sun Microsystems computers (United States)
UnixWorld, about Unix operating system (United States)
Verbum, desktop publishing and computer art focused magazine of the 1990s
Zero''
Computer magazine publishers
The following companies publish one or several computer related magazines. Some of these publishers produce computer magazines exclusively and most produce multiple magazines from this genre.
Future plc (United Kingdom)
Newsfield Publications (United Kingdom)
Next Media (Australia)
Sandhills Publishing Company (United States)
See also
List of disk magazines
List of engineering journals and magazines
References
External links
Businesswires list of IT magazines
Computer
Enriquebeltrania is a plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae, first described in 1957. It was initially given the name Beltrania, but this turned out to be an illegitimate homonym. In other words, someone else had already applied the name to a different plant, so this one had to be renamed. The genus is native to western and southern Mexico.
Species
Enriquebeltrania crenatifolia (Miranda) Rzed. 1979 - Campeche, Quintana Roo, Yucatán
Enriquebeltrania disjuncta De-Nova & Sosa 2006 - Jalisco, Sinaloa
References
Adelieae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Endemic flora of Mexico
Oscar Howe (Mazuha Hokshina or "Trader Boy", May 13, 1915 – October 7, 1983) was a Yanktonai Dakota artist from South Dakota, who became well known for his casein and tempera paintings. He is credited with influencing contemporary Native American art, paving the way for future artists. His art style is marked by bright color, dynamic motion and pristine lines.
Early life and education
Oscar Howe was born in 1915 in Joe Creek, South Dakota on the Crow Creek Sioux Reservation. His Dakota name was Mazuha Hokshina, or "Trader Boy." Descended from hereditary chiefs, he belonged to the Yanktonai band of Dakota people. He attended the Pierre Indian School (a boarding school) in South Dakota in 1933.
His artistic talent was recognized when he was young, and Howe studied in Dorothy Dunn's art program at the Studio of Santa Fe Indian School from 1933 to 1938. In 1940 Howe was sent by the South Dakota Artists Project (a division of the Works Progress Administration in the President Franklin D. Roosevelt administration) to Fort Sill Indian Art Center in Lawton, Oklahoma, to study mural painting techniques with Olle Nordmark. WPA artists were being commissioned to do murals in numerous federal buildings and sometimes local public buildings as well.
After working for several years and serving in World War II, Howe went to college on the GI Bill, earning his B.A. degree at Dakota Wesleyan University in 1952. Having worked as an artist for more than a decade, he also taught as Artist-in-Residence. He received his M.F.A. at the University of Oklahoma in 1954.
Howe met his future wife Heidi Hampel in Germany while serving overseas during World War II. He was discharged in 1945 and returned to the United States. After winning the Grand Purchase Prize in 1947 at the Indian Art Annual, sponsored by Philbrook Art Center, he had enough funds to send for Heidi to come to the United States, and they married. In 1948 they had a daughter, Inge Dawn, their only child.
Art career
Howe's early paintings are similar to other work produced by the Santa Fe Indian School. Later he developed a distinctive style of his own. Howe began with traditional Sioux "straight line" painting, based on hide and later ledger paintings of the 19th century. It was "an artistic form which symbolizes truth or righteousness." He infused it with the Native American art style Tohokmu (spider web). His work has been compared to Cubism, though he rejected the neo-Cubist label in favor of situating his work firmly within Lakota epistemology. Through his art, he wanted to portray the contemporary realities of his tribal culture.
During the 1930s and the Great Depression, Howe was employed by the Works Progress Administration in South Dakota. He painted a set of murals for the municipal auditorium in Mobridge and a mural within the dome of the Carnegie Library, now the Carnegie Resource Center, in Mitchell, South Dakota. Howe worked as an art instructor at Pierre High School in 1939. From 1948 to 1971, he designed panels for the Corn Palace in Mitchell.
Howe became Professor of Art at the University of South Dakota, in Vermillion, South Dakota, in 1957. He taught there until 1983.
Survey texts and articles on Native American modern art often credit Howe with influencing the development of contemporary art in the Indian community. In 1958 he was rejected from a show of Native American art at the Philbrook Museum because his work did not meet the criteria of "traditional" Indian style.
Howe wrote in protest,
"Are we to be held back forever with one phase of Indian painting that is the most common way? Are we to be herded like a bunch of sheep, with no right for individualism, dictated to as the Indian has always been, put on reservations and treated like a child and only the White Man know what is best for him... but one could easily turn to become a social protest painter. I only hope the Art World will not be one more contributor to holding us in chains."His protest led to the acceptance of abstraction within the community.
Over his 41-year career, Oscar Howe won numerous awards, including grand and first prizes. His works were displayed all over the world, including Paris, France and London, England, with more than 50 solo shows.
Honors
1960, named Artist Laureate of South Dakota.
1966, awarded the Waite Phillips trophy for outstanding contributions to American Indian art from the Philbrook Art Center, Tulsa, Oklahoma.
1970 received the Golden Bear Award from the University of Oklahoma, Norman
1973 first recipient of the South Dakota Governor's Award for Creative Achievement
1971 appointed Lecturer to the Near East and South Asia by the United States Department of State. He presented programs during his tour in nine countries.
Two exhibition spaces are dedicated to showing his work: the Oscar Howe Art Gallery at the Dakota Discovery Museum in Mitchell, and the Oscar Howe Gallery at the University of South Dakota in Vermillion.
From April 17, 2007, to February 17, 2008, an exhibit of Oscar Howe's work was on display at the South Dakota Art Museum in Brookings. Most of these works were done in casein paint. There were also works in graphite on paper and sculpture of stone and bronze on display.
An elementary school in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, is named after him.
A yearly lecture is held in his honor at the University of South Dakota.
The Oscar Howe Memorial Association at the University of South Dakota is named after him and is dedicated to promoting research and educational projects in Native American art. The Oscar Howe Memorial Association also sponsors the USD Summer Art Institute, the Oscar Howe Archive Project, the Oscar Howe Memorial Lecture and the Robert Penn Northern Plains Contemporary Indian Art Collection.
From March 11 to September 11, 2022, an exhibition of Oscar Howe's work was on display at the George Gustav Heye Center, the New York branch of the Smithsonian Institution National Museum of the American Indian.
Notes
Further reading
Anthes, Bill. Native Moderns: American Indian Painting, 1940-1960. Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 2006.
Anthes, Bill, and Kathleen Ash-Milby. "Dakota Modern The Art of Oscar Howe." Washington, DC: The National Museum of the American Indian Smithsonian Institution, 2022.
Day, John. "Arthur Amiotte and Oscar Howe: Sympathy and Divergence." Arthur Amiotte Retrospective Exhibition: Continuity and Diversity. Ed. John A. Day. Pine Ridge, SD: The Heritage Center, Inc., Red Cloud Indian School, 2001. 19–24.
Day, John A. "Oscar Howe: A Master Revisited." South Dakota Magazine. 12, no. 2 (July–August 1996): 18–27.
Dockstader, Frederick J., ed. Oscar Howe: A Retrospective; Catalogue Raisonné. Tulsa: Thomas Gilcrease Museum Association, 1982.
Dunn, Dorothy. "Oscar Howe: Sioux Artist." El Palacio. 64, nos. 5-6 (May–June 1957): 167–173.
Howe, Oscar. “Theories and Beliefs – Dakota.” South Dakota Review. 2, no. 2 (1969).
Jacobson, Oscar B. North American Indian Costumes. 2 vols. Nice, France: C. Szwedzicki, 1952.
Jacobson, Oscar B., and Jeanne d'Uncel. American Indian Painters. Nice, France: C. Szwedzicki, 1950.
Milton, John R. Oscar Howe: The Story of an American Indian. Minneapolis: Dillon Press, 1972.
Pennington, Robert. Oscar Howe: Artist of the Sioux. Sioux Falls: Dakota Territory Centennial Committee, 1961.
Sharples, Riva J. "In the Presence of Greatness." South Dakota Magazine. (November–December 2008): 34–41.
Snodgrass King, Jeanne. "Oscar Howe: Power, Strength, and Individualism." Four Winds. 3, no. 2 (Autumn 1982): 8–15.
Welch, Eddie. "Bridging Cultures Abroad: Oscar Howe's American Specialist Tour." South Dakota History. South Dakota State Historical Society. 37, no. 3 (Fall 2007): 185–208.
White, Mark Andrew. "Oscar Howe and the Transformation of Native American Art." American Indian Art Magazine. 23, no. 1 (Winter 1997): 36–43.
External links
OscarHowe.org
Oscar Howe gallery, University of South Dakota
Oscar Howe Gallery, Dakota Discovery Museum
Artists from South Dakota
University of South Dakota faculty
Native American painters
1915 births
1983 deaths
Dakota people
University of Oklahoma alumni
Dakota Wesleyan University faculty
American male painters
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
Trierscheid is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Schiffman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Lawrence Schiffman
Rebecca Schiffman
Suzanne Schiffman
Tony Schiffman
Guillaume Schiffman
See also
Bernard Shiffman (born 1942), American mathematician
Daniel Shiffman (born 1973), American computer programmer and NYU professor
Max Shiffman (1914–2000), American mathematician
Yale Schiffman (born 1938), American environmental scientist and author
The Graphic Arts Workshop (GAW) of San Francisco, a cooperative print studio, is located in the Dogpatch neighborhood. The studio has approximately 40 members working in fine art printmaking techniques such as lithography, intaglio, serigraphs, and relief printing. GAW offers affordable printmaking studio access and printmaking classes.
History
GAW was founded in 1952 by several artists from the California Labor School. The founding members of GAW include: Pele De Lappe, Victor Arnautoff, Emmy Lou Packard, Byron Randall, Stanley Koppel, Louise Gilbert, Ed Hanson, Virginia Bogue, Claus Sievert, Frank Rowe, and Irving Fromer. Many of the early printmakers at GAW were interested in left-wing leaning politics, Communism, social movements, and the labor movement and as a result they produced images of political, social, labor, and ethnic themes. When the California Labor School closed in 1957, GAW inherited a lot of printmaking tools and supplies.
References
External links
Official website
Art in San Francisco
Arts organizations established in 1952
Printmaking groups and organizations
American artist groups and collectives
Ronald W Armstrong is a former New Zealand association football player who represented New Zealand.
Armstrong made his full All Whites debut in a 2-4 loss to New Caledonia on 18 July 1971 and he ended his international playing career with 25 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap being in a 1-0 win over Taiwan on 1 October 1983.
Armstrong is one of only two players to have appeared in eight Chatham Cup finals.
Armstrong's family is well represented in international football. His father Ken Armstrong was a dual international representing both England and New Zealand, his brother Brian Armstrong also represented New Zealand and daughter Bridgette Armstrong represented New Zealand at senior level and at the 2008 FIFA U-17 and FIFA U-20 Women's World Cups.
Ron Armstrong was only the second player to appear in 300 games in the New Zealand National Soccer League, a feat he achieved in 1988
References
External links
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Association football fullbacks
Ron
1973 Oceania Cup players
1980 Oceania Cup players
The amber darter (Percina antesella) is a small, endangered species of freshwater ray-finned fish, a darter from the subfamily Etheostomatinae, part of the family Percidae, which also contains the perches, ruffes and pikeperches. It is native to the Conasauga River and Etowah River in Georgia and Tennessee in the United States. It typically inhabits riffle areas over gravel and sand bottoms, hiding in aquatic vegetation when present. It feeds on small invertebrates and probably breeds between late fall and early spring. It is an uncommon fish with a small range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has classified its conservation status as being "endangered".
Description
The amber darter is typically less than in length and has a slender body. It has dark saddle-like markings on its golden brown upper body while the belly is a yellow-to-cream color. Breeding males have blue throats.
Ecology
While there is little data available about the breeding habits of the amber darter, what information is available suggests that it spawns from late fall to early spring. The amber darter likely lives up to 3 years.
The amber darter inhabits the Coosa River system, living in the Conasauga and Etowah rivers of northern Georgia and southeastern Tennessee. In these rivers, it prefers to inhabit riffle areas over gravel substrate and sand. During the summer, when aquatic vegetation grows in the rivers, the amber darter feeds in the vegetation and uses it for cover. The amber darter preys mainly on gastropods, such as limpets and Snails, and aquatic insects.
Status
A proposed reservoir may put the survival of the amber darter at risk by altering water and habitat quality in the amber darter's downstream habitat. Because of the amber darter's limited distribution, practically any activity that could degrade habitat or water quality, such as logging, chemical spills, or construction could threaten the existence of the amber darter. Conservation efforts focus on habitat preservation. It is an uncommon fish with a small range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has classified its conservation status as being "endangered".
References
External links
Fish and Wildlife Service Species Account
Percina
Freshwater fish of the Southeastern United States
Fish described in 1977
ESA endangered species
Henry R. "Hank" Cosby (May 12, 1928 – January 22, 2002) was an American songwriter, arranger, producer and musician who worked for Motown Records from its formative years. Along with Sylvia Moy, Cosby was a key collaborator with Stevie Wonder from 1963–1970. Cosby co-wrote and/or co-produced three No. 1 US hits: Stevie Wonder's "Fingertips" (1963), The Supremes' "Love Child" (1968), and The Miracles' "The Tears of a Clown" (1968).
Life and career
Cosby was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1928. He served in the U.S. Army during the Korean War, where he played alongside jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley in the military band. Upon his return to Detroit, he joined pianist Joe Hunter's jazz band. He played tenor saxophone in jazz clubs, as well as on records for different labels around the city.
When Berry Gordy launched Motown Records in 1959 he recruited the Joe Hunter Band with Cosby, Benny Benjamin, James Jamerson, Larry Veeder, and Mike Terry, forming the basis of the ever-growing group of studio musicians contracted to the company. These studio musicians became known as the Funk Brothers, and as a member of their early line-up Cosby performed on hundreds of Motown recordings in the 1960s, including Martha Reeves & the Vandellas US#2 hit "Dancing in the Street" (1964). As was Motown's policy at the time, none of the studio musicians were credited by name. Cosby also played on John Lee Hooker's 1962 single "Boom Boom", on Vee-Jay Records.
In addition to his saxophone playing, Cosby showed Gordy his talents as an arranger, producer, and songwriter, and became a key collaborator with the young Stevie Wonder.
Through the 1960s Cosby worked with many Motown artists, including production work for The Supremes, The Temptations, Jr. Walker, Edwin Starr, Brenda Holloway, and others. He is best known for co-writing and/or co-producing many of Stevie Wonder's early hits. These include Wonder's first major hit "Fingertips", "My Cherie Amour", "I Was Made to Love Her", "Uptight (Everything's Alright)" and "For Once in My Life". Cosby received a writing credit for Bill Cosby's US#4 hit "Little Ole Man (Uptight, Everything's Alright)" (1967), a revamped version of "Uptight (Everything's Alright)" - but Henry Cosby and Bill Cosby were not related.
Cosby co-wrote and co-produced "The Tears of a Clown" (1968), a US#1 hit for Smokey Robinson & the Miracles.
After leaving Motown when the company moved to Los Angeles in the early 1970s, Cosby worked for a time as a producer with Fantasy Records, including production work for Rance Allen, a gospel-influenced artist from Detroit. His later productions include albums for Martha Reeves, and Blood, Sweat and Tears. In 1977 Cosby wrote and produced the song "Be My Fortune Teller" by 94 East, one of the first recordings by Prince, and Colonel Abrams.
Death
Cosby died at age 73 on January 22, 2002, at the William Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak, Michigan, after complications from a cardiac bypass surgery. His name is written on an honorary South Tower Construction beam of the hospital.
Honours
In 2006, Cosby was posthumously inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame, alongside Sylvia Moy.
| A Place in the Sun
| Stevie Wonder
| US#9, UK#20
| Ron Miller, Bryan Wells
| Cosby
|-
| 1966
| It Takes Two
| Marvin Gaye & Kim Weston
| US#14, UK#16
| Stevenson, Moy
| Cosby, Stevenson
|-
| 1967
| I Was Made to Love Her
| Stevie Wonder
| US#2, UK#5
| Cosby, Moy, Wonder, Hardaway
| Cosby
|-
| 1967
| I'm Wondering
| Stevie Wonder
| US#12, UK#22
| Cosby, Moy, Wonder
| Cosby
|-
| 1968
| Shoo-Be-Doo-Be-Doo-Da-Day
| Stevie Wonder
| US#9, UK#46
| Cosby, Moy, Wonder
| Cosby
|-
| 1968
| Love Child
| Diana Ross & the Supremes
| US#1, UK#15, CAN#1
| The Clan
| The Clan & Henry Cosby
|-
| 1968
| For Once in My Life
| Stevie Wonder
| US#2, UK#3
| Ron Miller, Orlando Murden
| Cosby
|-
| 1969
| My Cherie Amour
| Stevie Wonder
| US#4, UK#4
| Cosby, Moy, Wonder
| Cosby
|-
| 1969
| No Matter What Sign You Are
| Diana Ross & the Supremes
| US#31, UK#37
| Cosby, Berry Gordy Jr.
| Cosby, Berry Gordy Jr.
|-
| 1970
| The Tears of a Clown
| Smokey Robinson & The Miracles
| US#1, UK#1
| Cosby, Wonder, Robinson
| Cosby, Robinson
|-
| 1970
| Never Had a Dream Come True
| Stevie Wonder
| US#67, UK#6
| Cosby, Moy, Wonder
| Cosby
|-
| 1970
| I Should Be Proud
| Martha & the Vandellas
| US#80
| Cosby, Pam Sawyer, Joe Hinton
| Cosby
|-
| 1971
| C'Est La Même Chanson
| Claude François
| FR#7
| Holland-Dozier-Holland
| Cosby
|-
| 1973
| With a Child's Heart
| Michael Jackson
| US#50
| Cosby, Moy, Vicki Basemore
| Freddie Perren, Fonce Mizell
|-
|}
Albums
References
External links
Henry Cosby at the Songwriters Hall of Fame
Henry Cosby biography at AllMusic
1928 births
2002 deaths
Musicians from Detroit
Songwriters from Michigan
African-American saxophonists
American male saxophonists
The Funk Brothers members
Rhythm and blues saxophonists
Record producers from Michigan
Motown artists
20th-century American musicians
20th-century saxophonists
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American people
American male songwriters
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Armenian Snooker And Pocket Billiards Federation (ASPBF) (), is the regulating body of snooker and pocket billiards (also known as pool) in Armenia, governed by the Ministry of Education, Science, Culture and Sport. The headquarters of the federation is located in Yerevan.
About
The Armenian Snooker And Pocket Billiards Federation was established in August 2019, with the opening of a billiards gaming academy in Yerevan. The Federation trains ​snooker, pool, and other cue sports enthusiasts, operates a youth program, and trains coaches and referees in billiard sports at the academy. The Federation also hosts national level competitions and organizes Armenia's participation in various European and international level billiard championships. The Federation is a full member of the International Billiards and Snooker Federation and the European Billiards and Snooker Association.
In April 2021, the Federation organized the first snooker tournament in Artsakh.
See also
Sport in Armenia
References
External links
Armenian Snooker And Pocket Billiards Federation official website
Snooker in Europe
Sports governing bodies in Armenia
Snooker governing bodies
Pool organizations
The Unity of the Brethren is a Protestant church formed in the 1800s by Czech immigrants to Texas, where the church is still based, in the tradition of Moravian Church.
Restoration in Texas
From about the middle of the 19th century until the outbreak of the First World War, a number of Czech Protestants immigrated to the United States. In many parts of the U.S. they formed Czech congregations within the Presbyterian Church. Some who settled as farmers in the state of Texas decided to form their own denomination. Jindřich Juren (1850–1921) came to Texas in 1876, and from 1881 to 1888 was the only minister to these Brethren congregations. Representatives of these congregations met in 1903 and formed the Evangelical Unity of the Bohemian-Moravian Brethren in North America. The early churches reflected their origin and worshipped in Czech. By the 1940s, most of the churches reflected assimilation into the surrounding culture and worshipped in English. In 1959, the name Unity of the Brethren was adopted.
Doctrine
This body accepts the Apostles' Creed as a valid expression of their beliefs, and stresses the ancient motto, "In essentials, unity; in non-essentials, liberty; in all things, love." They believe the Bible is God's revelation to man, the sourcebook for all spiritual truth; that one God is revealed in three persons; that Christ is the only way of salvation; that salvation is by grace through faith; that the Holy Spirit dwells in believers; and that Jesus Christ will return to judge the world and reward the faithful believers. The Unity practices two sacraments—water baptism and holy communion. Christian parents present their infant children for baptism. All Christians are invited to communicate with them at the Lord's supper or communion. However, they do not regard full agreement on the elements, methods and modes of the sacraments as essential. They believe that love is the supreme evidence of Christian disciples.
Church emblem
The Unity of the Brethren church has adopted a church emblem having an open Bible, with a cross behind in the center, and a chalice in front to the left. According to the church, the "cross represents Christ as the resurrected and living Lord, the Bible is the sourcebook of all Christian truth, open for all to explore, while the chalice holds special significance for Brethren: not only is it a symbol of the Lord's Supper, but it is also a reminder of the pre-Reformation insistence of John Hus and the early Brethren upon receiving wine as well as bread in Holy Communion."
Status
Currently the church is made up of 28 congregations with an estimated membership of 3500, with all except one located in the state of Texas. The location of the majority of churches is roughly the area from West, Temple, to Austin to Houston. The synod meets every two years. The Unity of the Brethren maintains several ministry organizations, including the Board of Christian Education; Brethren Youth Fellowship; Brethren Bookstore, operated in Caldwell, Texas; Brethren Journal (founded 1902); Christian Sisters Unity; Friends of the Hus Encampment; Grants and Bequests Board; the Hus Institute for Lay Leadership (which meets with the various congregations); and the Mutual Aid Society. The Hus Encampment Facility is located near Caldwell, Texas. They have no seminary, but support the Moravian Theological Seminary in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Three missionary families are serving in Honduras and Mexico.
References
Further reading
Encyclopedia of American Religions, J. Gordon Melton, editor
Handbook of Denominations in the United States, by Frank S. Mead, Samuel S. Hill, and Craig D. Atwood
Renewal of Church and Society in the Hussite Reformation, by Jacob K. Zeman
External links
Unity of the Brethren (Texas) – official Web site
Jindřich Juren – Unity of the Brethren minister, father of Texas church
West Brethren Church, West, Texas
Christianity in Texas
Unity of the Brethren
History of the Moravian Church
Ghost Guns is a 1944 American Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer. This is the thirteenth film in the "Marshal Nevada Jack McKenzie" series, and stars Johnny Mack Brown as Jack McKenzie and Raymond Hatton as his sidekick Sandy Hopkins, with Evelyn Finley, Riley Hill and Ernie Adams.
Cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Marshal Nevada Jack McKenzie
Raymond Hatton as Marshal Sandy Hopkins
Evelyn Finley as Ann Jordan
Riley Hill as Ted Connors
Ernie Adams as Doc Edwards
Sarah Padden as Aunt Sally
Jack Ingram as Waco - Henchman
Tom Quinn as Stringer - Henchman
Frank LaRue as Judge Kelbro
John Merton as Matson
Steve Clark as Steve
Marshall Reed as Blackjack - Henchman
George Morrell as Station Agent
References
Bibliography
Martin, Len D. The Allied Artists Checklist: The Feature Films and Short Subjects of Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, 1947-1978. McFarland & Company, 1993.
External links
1944 films
1944 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by Lambert Hillyer
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Sayadaw U Rewata Dhamma (; 4 December 1929, Thamangone – 26 May 2004, Birmingham) was a prominent Theravada Buddhist monk and noted Abhidhamma scholar from Myanmar (Burma). After pursuing an academic career in India for most of two decades, he accepted an invitation to head a Buddhist centre in Birmingham UK, and over the next three decades gained an international reputation as a teacher of meditation and an advocate of peace and reconciliation.
Life and career
The young Rewata was first ordained as a novice at the age of 12, and received higher ordination at the age of 20. In 1953, he was awarded the title Sasanadhaja Siripavara Dhammacariya, after achieving distinctions in a state examination in Pali. Then, having received a state scholarship, he left for India in 1956 to continue his education at Varanasi University, using the expanded name of Rewata Dhamma for his passport. In 1960, he obtained a BA in Mahayana Buddhism; in 1964 an MA in Sanskrit and Indian philosophy; and in 1967, a PhD. He now became a university lecturer and published works in Pali and Hindi, including the Abhidhammatta Sangaha, which was awarded the Kalidasa Prize by the Hindi Academy in 1967.
In 1975 he relocated to England to establish a Buddhist centre in Birmingham which catered for both Theravadins and followers of the Tibetan Karma Kagyu school. Later he set up his own monastery and then went on to sponsor the Dhamma Talaka Pagoda, which officially opened in 1998. He also helped establish meditation centers throughout Europe as well as in North, Central and South America. During that time he lectured at several universities on Buddhist subjects and attended numerous conferences dealing with the application of religious practice to bringing about political and economic justice, harmony among religions and ecological responsibility. From the 1990s too, books by him in English began to appear, the last three only posthumously. In 2002, the Burmese government conferred on him the title Agga Maha Pandita.
Throughout his career, Dr Rewata Dhamma championed the cause of national reconciliation, speaking to international bodies such as the United Nations and Amnesty International. He was one of Aung San Suu Kyi's most influential Buddhist mentors, first meeting in Rangoon and becoming acquainted with Khin Kyi and Suu Kyi during their residence in India, in the 1960s, and then becoming reacquainted while conducting meditation retreats at the Oakenholt Centre near Oxford.
Bibliography
Anuruddhacariya's Abhidhammatta Sangaha with Sumangala Samitthera's Abhidhammattha Vibhavantika, edited and revised by Bhandanta Rewatadhammathera. Bauddha Swadhyaya Satra, Varanasi, India, 1965. [Hindi language]
Anuruddhacariya, Abhidhammattasangaha I-II, with Hindi translation & Abhidharma-Prakasini commentary. Critically edited, translated & commented by Bhadant Rewatadhamma and Ram Shankar Tripathi, Varanasi Sanskrit University, India,1967.
Buddhaghosâcariya, Visuddhimaggo I-III, with Paramatthamañjusatika of Bhadantacariya Dhammapala. Edited and revised by Dr. Rewatadhamma, Varanasi Sanskrit Univ., India, 1969–1972. [Hindi language]
The First Sermon of the Buddha. 1st ed. Dhamma Talaka Publications, Birmingham, 1994; 2nd ed. as The First Discourse of the Buddha, Wisdom Pbls, Boston, USA, 1997. French translation by Tancrède Montmartel as Le premier enseignement du bouddha, le sermon de Bénarès. Eds Claire Lumière, Saint-Cannat, France, 1998.
Maha Paritta: The Great Protection - Buddhist chants. Dhamma Talaka Pbls, Birmingham, 1996.
A Comprehensive Manual of Abhidhamma: The Abhidhammattha Sangaha - Pali Text, Translation and Explanatory Guide. Introduction and Explanatory Guide by U Rewata Dhamma & Bhikkhu Bodhi. BPS Pariyatti Editions, Onalaska WA, 2000.
The Buddha and his Disciples. Dhamma Talaka Pbls, Birmingham, 2001.
Emptying the Rose-apple Seat - a guide to Buddhist meditation methods. Triple Gem Pbls, Chino Hills CA, USA, 2004; 2nd ed. The Buddha Educational Foundation, Taipei, Taiwan, 2005.
The Buddha's Prescription – selected talks and essays, edited by Yann Lovelock. Triple Gem Pbls, Chino Hills CA, USA, 2005.
Process of Consciousness and Matter – the philosophical psychology of Buddhism; edited by Dr Ottaranyana. Triple Gem Pbls, Chino Hills CA, USA, 2007.
References
Burmese Buddhist monks
People from Ayeyarwady Region
Burmese expatriates in the United Kingdom
1929 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Buddhist monks
Burmese recipients of Agga Maha Pandita
The puna yellow finch (Sicalis lutea) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
References
puna yellow finch
Birds of the Puna grassland
puna yellow finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Rosedale Odd Fellows Temple in Boise, Idaho, is a 2-story building with a prominent stepped gable. An early example in Boise of cast concrete block construction, the building was designed by Tourtellotte & Co., and it was completed in 1907.
The Rosedale Odd Fellows Temple was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The International Order of Odd Fellows was an active fraternal organization in Idaho at the beginning of the 20th century. Boise already included lodge No. 3, organized in 1868, lodge No. 77, organized in 1900, and lodge No. 97, organized in 1902. The Rosedale lodge, No. 102, was organized in 1904 in South Boise, and it was described by the Idaho Statesman as "one of the best equipped fraternal buildings in Idaho."
See also
Ada Odd Fellows Temple
Chinese Odd Fellows Building
References
External links
Grand Lodge of Idaho, I.O.O.F.
National Register of Historic Places in Ada County, Idaho
Buildings and structures completed in 1907
Buildings and structures in Boise, Idaho
Odd Fellows buildings in Idaho
Seba (Sewa) is a Bantu language of DR Congo.
References
Sabi languages
Languages of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1523.
Events
June 9 – Simon de Colines, a Paris printer, is fined for printing Commentarii initiatorii in quatuor Evangelia, a Biblical commentary by Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples, without approval from the Paris Faculty of Theology.
New books
Pietro Aron –
Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples – Nouveau Testament, translation of the New Testament into French
Anthony Fitzherbert
The Boke of Husbandrie
The Boke of Surveyinge and Improvements
Martin Luther
, translation of the Pentateuch into German
The Adoration of the Sacrament ()
Maximilianus Transylvanus – De Moluccis Insulis, the first published account of the Magellan–Elcano circumnavigation
New poetry
Alexander Barclay – The Mirror of Good Manners, translating Dominic Mancini's De quatuor virtutibus (approximate date)
Hans Sachs – Die Wittenbergische Nachtigall (The Wittenberg Nightingale)
John Skelton – The Garland of Laurel
New drama
Farsa de Inês Pereira (The Farce of Inez Pereira)
Births
February 13 – Valentin Naboth, German mathematician, astronomer and astrologer (died 1593)
February 20 – Jan Blahoslav, Czech Christian humanist writer (died 1571)
March 16 – Antoine Rodolphe Chevallier, French Protestant Hebraist, tutor of Queen Elizabeth I of England (died 1572)
March 21 – Kaspar Eberhard, German theologian (died 1575)
unknown date – Girolamo Maggi, Italian polymath (died 1572)
Deaths
August 29 – Ulrich von Hutten, German scholar, poet and reformer (born 1488)
October – William Cornysh, dramatist, poet, actor and composer (born 1465)
unknown date – Stephen Hawes, English poet (born c. 1474)
References
1523
1523 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
İbrahim Şâhidî (1470–1550) was a Mawlawi Sufi master and scholar, the author of a famous Persian-Turkish rhymed vocabulary, Tuhfe-i Şâhidî (Gift of Şâhidî), in 1514–15, which was written "for schoolboys and beginning students receiving a Mawlawi education". According to Nile Green, he was "the second major Ottoman focus of Persian learning".
References
Sources
1470 births
1550 deaths
16th-century writers of the Ottoman Empire
People from Muğla
George Thomas Robinson FSA (c.1827 - 6 May 1897) was an English architect who started in Wolverhampton, moved to Manchester, Leamington Spa and later to London.
Life
He was a pupil of John R. Hamilton and James Medland. He started his own practice in 1848 and worked in partnership with Henry John Paull as the firm of Paull and Robinson. He was appointed architect of the Coventry Archidiaconal Church Extension Society.
He was also a journalist and art critic for the Manchester Guardian. He was in Metz during the siege of the city in the Franco-Prussian War in 1870, and attempted to send messages to his editor by attaching them to balloons.
He died on 6 May 1897 at his home, 20 Earls Terrace, Kensington.
Works
Wolverhampton Baths, Bath Street 1849 - 1850
Christ Church, Gailey 1849 - 1851
St James' Church, Brownhills 1850 - 1851
Wolverhampton Corn Exchange 1850 - 1853
St John's Church, Bishopswood 1851
Bolton Market Hall 1855
Old Town Hall, Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent 1852 - 1857
Monument to Cleophas Ratliff, Coventry Cemetery 1858
Memorial to J. Howells, Holy Trinity Church, Coventry 1859
St Patrick, Salter Street, Earlswood, west tower. 1860
St Luke's Church, Blakenhall, Wolverhampton 1860 - 1861
St James' Church, Bulkington, chancel arch and organ chamber arch 1865
Milverton Lawn (now The Sunshine Home), Warwick New Road, Leamington Spa, Warwickshire 1860 - 1870
East side of Cadogan Square 1879
Esher Place, Surrey 1890s
References
1827 births
1897 deaths
The Guardian journalists
19th-century English architects
Architects from Staffordshire
Fromelles Military Cemetery can mean:
V.C. Corner Australian Cemetery and Memorial, 2 kilometres northwest of the village of Fromelles
Fromelles (Pheasant Wood) Military Cemetery, on the outskirts of the village itself
Tarand-e Pain (, also Romanized as Ţārand-e Pā'īn; also known as Ţārand-e Soflá) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 847, in 188 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Willem Grasso (20 April 1833 – 20 March 1903) was the founder of Grasso's Royal Machine Factories Ltd.
Biography
Grasso was born at Tilburg, the son of a smith. He moved with his family in 1845 to 's-Hertogenbosch. In 1858, he started his own little forge in 's-Hertogenbosch. In 1868, he built a new factory / living house. Thanks to his good contacts with Jurgens, who had received the rights for producing margarine in 1871. Willem Grasso was the first to have the chance to produce machines for this fast growing industry. The name Grasso soon would be well known.
In 1894, his son Henri Grasso would take over the company. In 1896, he started a refrigeration department in Vught. In 1913, he returned to 's-Hertogenbosch, when the opportunity came up to build a brand-new factory there. In the same year, he was the first in the Netherlands to start producing refrigeration machines, using the name Grasso. He died in Boekel.
A few generations later (on the 13th or August in 2003) Willem Patrick Gijsbercht Grasso was born. A young very muscular and intelligent man capable of many things he started off his life in a Dutch school but later moved on to the English system. Due to many mathematical contests, he made over 6.3 million euros before his sixteenth birthday. Half of his money was sent to charity and the other half he had invested in his own company. Which is now valued over 2.5 billion euros.
References
1833 births
1903 deaths
Dutch businesspeople
People from Tilburg
KCHK-FM (95.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Licensed to New Prague, Minnesota, United States, the station is currently owned by Ingstad Brothers Broadcasting, LLC and features programming from ABC Radio .
History
The station went on the air as KCHK-FM on January 21, 1988. On July 11, 2002, the station changed its call sign to KRDS-FM, and back to KCHK-FM on April 3, 2013.
References
External links
Radio stations in Minnesota
Radio stations established in 1988
Classic country radio stations in the United States
Bannada Gejje is a 1990 Indian Kannada-language film written and directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ravichandran and Amala. The music is scored by Hamsalekha. The supporting cast features Bharathi Vishnuvardhan, Kalyan Kumar, Suresh Heblikar, Amjad Khan and Devaraj. The film was simultaneously shot in Telugu as Prema Yuddham.
Cast
Ravichandran as Manu
Amala as Menaka
Bharathi Vishnuvardhan as Vaijayantidevi
Kalyan Kumar as Peter
Suresh Heblikar as Suresh Jayasimha
Amjad Khan Taxi Driver
Devaraj as Deluxe
Tennis Krishna
Sihi Kahi Chandru
Soundtrack
Hamsalekha composed the film's background score and music for its soundtrack, also writing its lyrics. The soundtrack album consists of seven tracks. The songs were chartbusters and created a massive hype.
References
1990s Kannada-language films
1990 films
Films scored by Hamsalekha
Kannada films remade in other languages
Films directed by Rajendra Singh Babu
Francisco Vázquez may refer to:
Francisco Vásquez de Coronado (c. 1510–1554), Spanish conquistador
Francisco Vázquez Gómez (1860–1933), Mexican personal physician and politician
Francisco H. Vázquez (born 1949), Mexican-American scholar and public intellectual
Fran Vázquez (born 1983), Spanish basketball player
Francisco Vázquez (cyclist) (born 1952), Mexican Olympic cyclist
Francisco Vázquez Vázquez (born 1946), Spanish politician and ambassador
Diana Blumenfeld (1 April 1903 – 3 August 1961) was a folksinger, pianist, and actress.
Early life and education
She was born in Warsaw, Poland. In 1921 she studied piano in the conservatory for one year, and then continued her studies at Khrinivietska's Polish Dramatic School, graduating in 1924.
She married Jonas Turkow in 1923.
Career
In 1924 Blumenfeld played with Esther-Rukhl Kaminska's troupe in Vilna. Toward the end of the same year, she performed with a company at Warsaw's Central Theater, and then became one of the first members of the Warsaw Yiddish Art Theater (Varshever Yidisher Kunst-teater; VYKT).
In 1925 she toured with Turkow's company, and in 1926 to 1927, with the Kraków Yiddish Dramatic Theater. In 1929 she starred in the film Di Poylishe velder (The Polish fields). With her beautiful alto voice, and talent as a pianist, Blumenfeld achieved great popularity as a performer, even inspiring some of Warsaw's best songwriters to compose songs for her.
Internment in the Warsaw Ghetto and escape
In 1940 she and her husband were among those confined in the Warsaw ghetto. During this period she continued to sing, performing in cafes, and in the ghetto theater Femina, on Leshno Street. Mordechai Gebirtig sent her his new songs, in the hope that through her performances she could spread them throughout the ghetto.
She and Turkow escaped the liquidation of the ghetto.
Post World War II
After the war the couple attempted to rebuild Polish-Jewish culture. In 1944 she helped organize a concert through the Association of Jewish Writers, Journalists and Actors. She sang on the Polish radio, touring displaced persons' camps, and gave concerts for survivors.
Blumenfeld and her husband left Poland in 1945 and toured Europe; later they also performed in North and South America, and Israel. They settled in the United States in 1947.
Death
Diana Blumenfeld died in The Bronx, New York in 1961.
Selected recordings
A Brivele Der Mamen (Solomon Smulevitz)
Fisher Lid (Aliza Greenblatt)
My Yiddishe Momme (Jack Yellen - Lou Pollack & Jack Yellen)
Filmography
1924: [The Vow; literally: The Handshake]; screenplay by Henryk Bojm, based on a play by Perez Hirschbein
1929: [In Polish Woods], as Rachel; screenplay by Henryk Bojm, based on a novel by Joseph Opatoshu
References
External links
Guide to the Papers of Diana Blumenfeld and Jonas Turkow (RG 355). YIVO Institute for Jewish Research
1903 births
1961 deaths
Jewish cabaret performers
Yiddish theatre performers
Polish cabaret performers
20th-century Polish Jews
Polish emigrants to the United States
Actresses from Warsaw
20th-century Polish actresses
20th-century comedians
Flight of Black Angel is a 1991 TV (Showtime) aviation film directed by Jonathan Mostow, featuring William O'Leary and Peter Strauss.
Plot
Captain Eddie Gordon, a top gun pilot of an Air Force academy, is a talented and aggressive pilot who proves too much for his fellow instructees to match. His flight instructor, Matt Ryan (Peter Strauss) tries to encourage him to practice restraint, but with little success.
After his birthday party at his home in Las Vegas, Eddie puts a religiously motivated long-organized plan into action: He kills his brother (Rodney Eastman) and his parents (Ben Rawnsley and K. Callan). He then holds Captain Melissa Gaiter (Patricia Sill) of the Air Force base at gunpoint and forces her to arm his IAI Kfir C1 with live ordnance, a radar-jamming pod and a tactical nuclear weapon. Melissa refuses to co-operate further and is murdered.
Later, Colonel Bill Douglas (James O'Sullivan) of the base's flight control is informed of the triple murder at the Gordons' residence while a training exercise involving Eddie is under way. Eddie takes this opportunity to shoot down his fellow instructees. Ryan manages to alert the base and tries to lure Eddie into the firing range of the base's surface-to-air missiles (SAMs). Eddie however, destroys the SAMs, Ryan's plane, and the airbase runway.
Eddie lands in Garrison, Utah to hide his jet in a deserted barn, but is accidentally discovered by a family on vacation, Richard (Michael Keys Hall) and Valerie (Michele Pawk) Dwyer and their baby. Before Valerie can raise the police on the CB radio, Eddie takes them hostage.
While Eddie works on defeating the fail-safes on the tactical nuke, he is exposed to lethal radiation, and his health quickly deteriorates. The next day, he and Valerie leave for a hardware store in a nearby city to obtain tools. Valerie uses a traveler's check and writes their hostage location on the back, but the clerk (Scott Menville) does not notice. Valerie then persuades Eddie to go to a drug store to find a cure for his vomiting and nausea. She repeats the same practice; this time, the pharmacist (John D. Brancato) notices Valerie's notes on the check.
Two police officers (George Fisher and Steven D. Simpson) arrive to investigate. Eddie kills one and engages the other in a firefight. Richard and Valerie try to flee with their baby; however, Eddie shoots the second officer, Richard and Valerie. Richard dies and Valerie is seriously wounded. Painstakingly, Valerie manages to collect her baby and crawl to the roadside, where she is picked up by a truck driver.
Ryan is cross-checking police leads when the report of Valerie Dwyer comes in. She insists that she has seen Eddie working on a bomb. Just before a surgery, Ryan learns Eddie's target from Valerie: Las Vegas. Subsequently, Ryan convinces Douglas to concentrate on Las Vegas; he travels to Hill AFB to take an F-16 fighter plane to fly lead. An AWACS plane confirms what Valerie had said.
It has been determined that although Eddie cannot launch the bomb, his jet fuel could detonate the bomb if he is fired upon. Ryan successfully talks Eddie into chasing him out into the desert by provoking Eddie into a duel to see if God made him "the one". After evading Eddie's last missile, Ryan orders the other pilots to clear away, and then fires on Eddie. Both pilots and 36 people on the ground are incinerated.
A recovering Valerie receives sanitized TV news on the incident in her hospital bed with her baby in her arms. The report assert that the pilots were on a "training mission" in the area.
Release
The film was released on video in Japan on January 25, 1991, before being broadcast on Showtime on February 23, 1991. The DVD was first released in Finland on September 9, 2003. It was released under the title Flight of the Black Angel in some regions.
References
External links
Film Trailer on YouTube
Flight of Black Angel at The New York Times Online
Flight of Black Angel at Yahoo! Movies
1991 television films
1991 films
American aviation films
Films directed by Jonathan Mostow
Showtime (TV network) films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The 2008 Vodacom Cup was played between 22 February and 16 May 2008 and was the 11th edition of this annual domestic cup competition. This edition of the Vodacom Cup was played between the fourteen provincial rugby union teams in South Africa from the Currie Cup Premier and First Divisions.
Competition
There were fourteen teams participating in the 2008 Vodacom Cup competition. These teams were geographically divided into two sections - the Northern Section and the Southern Section – with seven teams in each section. Teams played all the teams in the other section once over the course of the season, either at home or away.
Teams received four points for a win and two points for a draw. Bonus points were awarded to teams that scored four or more tries in a game, as well as to teams that lost a match by seven points or fewer. Teams were ranked by points, then points difference (points scored fewer points conceded).
The top four teams in each section qualified for the play-offs. In the quarter finals, the teams that finished first in each section had home advantage against the teams that finished fourth in the other section and the teams that finished second in each section had home advantage against the teams that finished third in the other section. The winners of these quarter finals then played each other in the semi-finals, with the higher placed team having home advantage. The two semi-final winners then met in the final.
Teams
Changes from 2007
There were no changes from the 2007 Vodacom Cup.
Team Listing
The following teams took part in the 2008 Vodacom Cup competition:
Tables
Northern Section
Southern Section
Results
Round One
Round Two
Round Three
Round Four
Round Five
Round Six
Round Seven
Quarter Finals
Semi-Finals
Final
Winners
Players
Player statistics
The following table contain points which were scored during the 2008 Vodacom Cup season.
See also
Vodacom Cup
2008 Currie Cup Premier Division
2008 Currie Cup First Division
External links
References
Vodacom Cup
2008 in South African rugby union
2008 rugby union tournaments for clubs
In enzymology, a 2-methyleneglutarate mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
2-methyleneglutarate 2-methylene-3-methylsuccinate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 2-methyleneglutarate, and one product, 2-methylene-3-methylsuccinate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-methyleneglutarate carboxy-methylenemethylmutase. This enzyme is also called alpha-methyleneglutarate mutase. This enzyme participates in c5-branched dibasic acid metabolism. It employs one cofactor, cobamide.
References
EC 5.4.99
Cobamide enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Norte Chico (Small North, Near North, Little North) is one of the five natural regions into which CORFO divided continental Chile in 1950. Its northern border is formed by the limit with the Far North, to the west lies the Pacific Ocean, to the east the Andes mountains and Argentina, and to the south the Zona Central natural region. Although from a strictly geographic point of view, this natural region corresponds to the Chilean territory between the rivers Copiapó and Aconcagua, traditionally the Norte Chico refers to the zone comprising the regions of Atacama and Coquimbo. This region was home to the Diaguita people.
Geography
The near north (Norte Chico) extends from the southern border of the Atacama Desert to about 32° south latitude, or just north of Santiago. It is a semiarid region whose central area receives an average of about 25 mm of rain during each of the four winter months, with trace amounts the rest of the year. The near north is also subject to droughts. The temperatures are moderate, with an average of 18.5 °C during the summer and about 12 °C during the winter at sea level. The winter rains and the melting of the snow that accumulates on the Andes produce rivers whose flow varies with the seasons, but which carry water year round. The slopes of the Andes are precipitous, the general surface is rough, and in the north the higher ground and coast are still barren.
As in the far north, the coastal areas of the near north have a distinct microclimate. In those sections where the airborne moisture of the sea is trapped by high bluffs overlooking the ocean, Valdivian temperate rainforest develop as the vegetation precipitates the vapor in the form of a misty rain. Notable examples can be found in the Bosque de Fray Jorge National Park. Because the river valleys provide breaks in the coastal elevations, maritime moisture can penetrate inland and further decrease the generally arid climate in those valleys. The higher elevations in the interior sections are covered with shrubs and cacti of various kinds.
Norte Chico is a highly mountainous district where distinct ranges or elongated spurs cross the country from the Andes to the coast, forming transverse valleys of great beauty and fertility. The most famous of these is the Elqui Valley. The deep transverse valleys provide broad areas for cattle raising and, most important, fruit growing, an activity that has developed greatly since the mid-1970s. Nearly all Chilean pisco is produced in the near north (Chilean laws defines the pisco as a drink produced in the Near North). The cultivation of the soil becomes possible, at first through irrigation and then with the aid of light periodical rains.
Some areas of Norte Chico feature a very dry air and negligible cloud cover, which make them an excellent location for telescopes. Notable astronomical observatories in the district include Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory and La Silla Observatory.
The Andes of Norte Chico are home to the first, second and fourth mountain highest in Chile. Corresponding respectively to Ojos del Salado, Nevado Tres Cruces and Nevado de Incahuasi.
Hydrography
Rivers
The principal rivers of this natural region are Copiapó, Huasco, Elqui, Limarí and Choapa.
The Copiapó, which once discharged into the sea, is now practically exhausted in irrigating a small fertile valley in which stands the city of that name. The Copiapó and Huasco rivers have comparatively short courses, but they receive a considerable volume of water from the higher sierras. The latter is also used to irrigate a small, cultivated valley. The rivers of the region of Coquimbo (the Elqui, Limarí and Choapa) exist under less arid conditions, and like those of the northern portion of the Valparaíso Region (namely: Petorca, La Ligua and Aconcagua), are used to irrigate a much larger area of cultivated territory.
See also
Astronomy in Chile
Chilean silver rush
References
Norte Chico
Geography of Chile
Leon Harry Leuty (23 October 1920 – 15 December 1955) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Career
Born in Meole Brace, Leuty played non-league football for Rolls-Royce, before spending nine seasons in the Football League with Derby County, Bradford Park Avenue and Notts County. He played for Derby County in the 1946 FA Cup Final, and captained the England B team on two occasions.
Leuty died of leukemia on 15 December 1955, while still club captain of Notts County.
References
1920 births
1955 deaths
English footballers
Rolls-Royce Leisure F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
Deaths from leukemia
Deaths from cancer in England
England B international footballers
English Football League representative players
Association football central defenders
Sportspeople from Shrewsbury
FA Cup Final players
Ian Herbert White (born November 22, 1949) is an Australian business executive currently based in Canada with the Canadian Wheat Board.
The early years
White was born to parent Alfred and Noelene White and sister Janelle. He grew up in the inner western suburbs of Sydney and attended Homebush Boys High School. He then went on to study Economics at University of Sydney with Honours. It was during his time at University of Sydney that he met Joan Allen whom he later married.
Career
His career started in the Federal Government of Australia's Beurau of Statistics, Australian Grants Commission, and Department of Transpoprt in the 1970s. He and his wife developed an interest in farming and lived on a small property named Willsfield out of Canberra. In the late 70's they moved to Queensland and owned a number of small businesses. In the early 1980s they moved to a grain farm on the Darling Downs in Queensland with their business partners. It was at this time that he embarked on his corporate career. Initially employed by Elders Grain Ltd in Australia and Canada (1985–1989),he joined the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool as CEO of AgPro Grain (1989–1991) and Grainco Australia as their first CEO (1991–1996). He has since been CEO or Managing Director for Defiance Mills Ltd (1996–1998), Queensland Cotton USA Operations (1998–2000), Queensland Sugar (2000–2008). In 2008 he and his wife returned to Canada taking the role of the President of the Canadian Wheat Board in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He holds a bachelor of Economics ( Hons )degree from Sydney University, is a member of the Australian Society of CPA's, a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, and a member of the Canadian Director's College.
Family life
Ian and wife Joan were married on December 31, 1971. They have three adult children Clare, Scott and Louise.
References
External links
http://www.cbr.ca/PersonProfile.aspx?PersonID=118861
1949 births
Living people
Australian businesspeople
University of Sydney alumni
Fellows of the Australian Institute of Company Directors
"The C Word" is the 14th episode of the first season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock. It was written by series creator Tina Fey and directed by Adam Bernstein. The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 15, 2007. Guest stars in this episode include Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman, Rachel Dratch, John Lutz, Keith Powell, Lonny Ross, Rip Torn, and Charlyne Yi.
In the episode, after being criticized for her working habits by her co-workers, head writer Liz Lemon (Fey) decides to be more lenient with her writing staff. Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) brings Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) to a major golf event to get closer to Don Geiss (Torn), the CEO of General Electric (GE), but his plan backfires when Tracy decides to drop "truth bombs".
"The C Word" has received generally positive reviews from television critics. According to the Nielsen ratings system, the episode was watched by 5.0 million households during its original broadcast, and received a 2.5 rating/6 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic.
Plot
Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), Vice President of East Coast Television and Microwave Oven Programming for General Electric (GE), invites Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) to a GE diabetes charity golf event. Jack hopes that bringing Tracy along can help him get close to GE CEO Don Geiss (Rip Torn). At the event, Tracy becomes the hit of the party, but quickly begins to feel that the reason he was brought along was to be "the funny black man". Tracy insults Geiss by accusing him of not hiring more black people, which results in Tracy and Jack not being invited to golf along with Geiss. Jack blames Tracy for this, but Tracy doesn't care, as he tells Jack that he cannot help but drop "truth bombs". Jack explains to Tracy that his failure to "play the game" with movie producers in the past has ended his movie career. Later, to make amends with both Jack and Geiss, Tracy gives a heartfelt speech about his daughter battling diabetes, which moves Geiss. This results in Geiss inviting Jack, Tracy, and Tracy's daughter to the Vineyard. Tracy admits to Jack that he does not have a daughter, which prompts Jack to say, "Let's have a casting session on Monday."
Meanwhile, at the 30 Rock studios, TGS with Tracy Jordan head writer Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) and her writing staff are discussing potential topics to use in the show. J. D. Lutz (John Lutz) suggests one of his sketches, "Dancing with the Hobos", which Liz criticizes, thus embarrassing him in front of everyone. Later, Liz talks to Greta Johansen (Rachel Dratch), the show's cat wrangler. At the same time, she overhears Lutz calling her the C word. Outraged by this, Liz tells Pete Hornberger (Scott Adsit) and Frank Rossitano (Judah Friedlander) about what Lutz called her and wants to fire him. Frank reveals that Lutz's poor behavior is due to the passing of his grandmother. After it is pointed out that she has been a terrible boss to the staff, Liz begins acting nice, but this backfires when they take advantage of her. Angered by this, Liz confronts the writers about their actions, and tells Lutz she knows what he called her. Liz warns all of them that if they call her that "horrible word" she will fire them.
At the same time, Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) struggles with his feelings for another page, Grace Park (Charlyne Yi) who demonstrates affection for him. Kenneth explains to Pete that he is afraid of "disgracing the peacock" by becoming romantically involved with her. Throughout the episode, it is shown to be sexually awkward for the two of them during their job, though towards the end, Kenneth confronts her with his feelings about her. Their kiss is interrupted by Kenneth's work, which allows him to abruptly forget about her.
Production
"The C Word" was written by series creator, executive producer and lead actress Tina Fey, making it her seventh writing credit after the pilot episode, "The Aftermath", "Tracy Does Conan", "The Head and the Hair", "Black Tie", and "Up All Night". The episode was directed by supervising producer Adam Bernstein, making it his fifth for the series. "The C Word" originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 15, 2007, as the fourteenth episode of the show's first season.
In an April 2007 interview with Entertainment Weekly, Fey revealed that she was once called "the c word" by one of her writers at Saturday Night Live. In discussion of this, she said, "That C-word thing actually did happen. I was furious, and I had this weird reaction where I kept saying, 'You can't say that! My parents love me!'" She said the episode "was a little bit based on the experience of having someone call you that and not knowing how to deal with it." In December 2015, Fey revealed that the writer who had called her "the c word" was Colin Quinn.
"The C Word" was actor Rip Torn's debut as GE CEO Don Geiss.
Reception
In its original American broadcast, "The C Word" was watched by 5.0 million households, according to the Nielsen ratings system. It earned a 2.5 rating/6 share in the 18–49 demographic.
This means that it was seen by 2.5 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 6 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This was a decrease from the previous episode, "Up All Night", which was watched by 5.2 million American viewers.
IGN contributor Robert Canning, wrote, "Even in an episode like 'The 'C' Word,' where some of the ideas fall a bit short, there were still plenty of laugh-out-loud moments to talk about. [...] In the end, the great writing outweighed the slightly bothersome contrivances to make this yet another laugh-filled episode of 30 Rock." He said that the pairing of Jack and Tracy "gave us another opportunity to enjoy the pairing of the polar opposite personalities". Canning reported that the Liz plot had "its funny moments", but opined that it was hard to "get past the fact this wasn't exactly the Liz we knew", in regards to her being a "domineering boss that cares little about her employees." Canning gave the episode a 7.8 out of 10 rating. Julia Ward of AOL's TV Squad wrote that putting Alec Baldwin and Rip Torn together "was a genius move." She was complimentary towards Tina Fey, citing that it was "another great week" in her "continuing portrayal of what being a hard-working gal is actually like." Ward enjoyed Tracy's speech, noting that it was "priceless", and was glad to see him having "ample screen time ... which was a nice change of pace." TV Guide's Matt Mitovich wrote he enjoyed all of the episode's storyline pairings, but much enjoyed Jack and Tracy. Further in his recap, Mitovich reported that Liz's plot could have been better had the comedy show How I Met Your Mother "not gone there with the C-word" in an episode. Though, he said that Liz's story "had a fitting message – that she is held to a different standard, yet shouldn't be, as a female head writer. Plus, her story gave us that winning flurry of flashbacks to times when she was a... not very nice lady."
References
External links
2007 American television episodes
30 Rock (season 1) episodes
Television episodes about profanity
Television episodes written by Tina Fey
Justice George may refer to:
James Z. George (1826–1897), chief justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi
Ronald M. George (born 1940), chief justice of the Supreme Court of California
Walter F. George (1878–1957), associate justice of the Supreme Court of Georgia
This is a list of fictional dogs in live-action film and is a subsidiary to the list of fictional dogs. It is a collection of various non-animated dogs in film.
Film (live-action)
References
Sources
Some of the prose in this article was copied from http://www.lingerandlook.com/Names/DogsallList.php and related pages, which are available under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported license and the GNU Free Documentation License.
Lists of fictional canines
Fictional dogs
is a Japanese manga artist and illustrator. He is best known as the writer and artist for the Dogs manga series, but has also contributed illustrations to various tribute books, and magazines, including Square Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan. Miwa sometimes publishes under the circle name of m.m.m. + Gee. He is also an official member of Doujin Band Supercell as Illustrator and Designer. Miwa also worked on the character designs for most games in the 7th Dragon series and Soul Hackers 2.
Works
Shirow's debut manga, Black Mind, a short series created in collaboration with Darai Kusanagi, was serialized in Ultra Jump in 1999, and was followed by his first solo series, Dogs, which was serialized from 2000 to 2001. The sequel, Dogs: Bullets & Carnage, began serialization in 2005. In August 2008, the Dogs prequel and sequel were announced to have been licensed by Viz Media; Dogs was subsequently released in April 2009 as Dogs, Volume 0: Prelude using the Bullets & Carnage logo. In 2009, Dogs was adapted into a 4 episode OVA series by David Production. Shirow also made the character designs for the anime Joker Game and Kiznaiver in 2016. He has also worked with Rooster Teeth to make a novel for their animated series RWBY, which was published on May 19, 2017.
Publications
Black Mind
Devil May Cry light novel
Dogs
Dogs: Bullets & Carnage
RWBY
Anime
Kiznaiver (character designer)
Joker Game (character designer)
Video games
7th Dragon 2020, 7th Dragon 2020-II, 7th Dragon III Code: VFD (artist and character designer)
Soul Hackers 2 (character designer)
References
External links
Living people
People from Toyama (city)
Manga artists
Manga artists from Toyama Prefecture
1978 births
The Château de Pregny, sometimes referred to as the Rothschild Castle, is a castle in the municipality of Pregny-Chambésy of the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The chateau was built in 1858 by the Swiss banker, Adolphe Carl de Rothschild, who died childless in 1900. He bequeathed to a cousin, Maurice de Rothschild of the Rothschild banking family of France, who in turn left it to his son, Edmond Adolphe de Rothschild. The property remains in the family and as at 2013 is the principal residence of Edmond's widow, Nadine.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Castles in the canton of Geneva
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Geneva
Rothschild family residences
This is a list of notable women mass spectrometrists with significant scientific contribution towards advancement in theories, instrumentation and applications of mass spectrometry. The list is organized by the chemical societies and their major awards related to mass spectrometry, as well as presidency.
American Chemical Society
The Frank H. Field and Joe L. Franklin Award for Outstanding Achievement in Mass Spectrometry is the major mass spectrometry award offered by the American Chemical Society.
Frank H. Field and Joe L. Franklin Award for Outstanding Achievement in Mass Spectrometry (since 1985)
2021 Veronica M. Bierbaum
2020 Kimberly A. Prather
2019 Jennifer S. Brodbelt
2018 Carol Vivien Robinson
2017 Vicki H. Wysocki
2015 Hilkka I. Kenttämaa
2010 Catherine E. Costello
2008 Catherine C. Fenselau
1990 Marjorie G. Horning
American Society for Mass Spectrometry
The major awards from the American Society for Mass Spectrometry are John B. Fenn Award for a Distinguished Contribution in Mass Spectrometry, Biemann Medal, Research Award, Research at Primarily Undergraduate Institutions (PUIs) Award, and Al Yergey Mass Spectrometry Scientist Award. A number of notable women mass spectrometrists served as presidents of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry.
John B. Fenn Award for a Distinguished Contribution in Mass Spectrometry (since 1990)
2017 Catherine E. Costello
2012 Catherine C. Fenselau
2009 Vicki H. Wysocki
Biemann Medal (since 1997)
2022 Erin S. Baker
2020 Ying Ge
2019 Sarah Trimpin
2016 Kristina Håkansson
2014 Lingjun Li
2008 Julia Laskin
2000 Julie A. Leary
Research Award (since 1986)
2022 Gloria Sheynkman
2021 Xin Yan
2019 Eleanor Browne
2014 Kerri A. Pratt
2013 Yu Xia
2012 Ileana M. Cristea and Sharon J. Pitteri
2011 Judit Villen
2010 Sarah Trimpin
2007 Rebecca Jockusch
2006 Heather Desaire
2005 Kristina Hăkansson
2004 Lingjun Li
2003 Andrea Grottoli
2001 Deborah S. Gross
2000 Elaine Marzluff
1998 Mary T. Rodgers
1997 M. Judith Charles
1994 Kimberly A. Prather
1993 Susan Graul
1992 Vicki H. Wysocki
1991 Hilkka I. Kenttämaa
1990 Jennifer Brodbelt
1987 Susan Olesik
Research at Primarily Undergraduate Institutions (PUIs) Award (since 2019)
2021 Christine Hughey
2019 Callie Cole
Al Yergey Mass Spectrometry Scientist Award (since 2019)
2022 Martha M. Vestling
2020 Rachel Ogorzalek Loo
President and Past Presidents (since 1953)
2020–2022 Susan Richardson
2016–2018 Vicki Wysocki
2014–2016 Jennifer Brodbelt
2012–2014 Susan Weintraub
2006–2008 Barbara S. Larsen
2002–2004 Catherine E. Costello
1996–1998 Veronica M. Bierbaum
1982–1984 Catherine Fenselau
International Mass Spectrometry Foundation
The major awards from the International Mass Spectrometry Foundation are the Thomson Medal Award and the Curt Brunnée Award.
Thomson Medal Award (since 1985)
2022 Vicki Wysocki and Lidia Gall
2020 Alison E. Ashcroft
2014 Carol V. Robinson
2009 Catherine E. Costello and Catherine. C. Fenselau
Curt Brunnée Award (since 1994)
2022 Erin S. Baker
Australian and New Zealand Society for Mass Spectrometry
The major awards from the Australian and New Zealand Society for Mass Spectrometry (ANZSMS) are the ANZSMS Medal, Morrison Medal, Bowel Medal, Michael Guilhaus Research Award and ANZSMS Fellows.
ANZSMS Medal (since 2009)
The award has not been given to a female mass spectrometrist since award inception in 2009.
Morrison Medal (since 1990)
2017 Kliti Grice
2003 Margaret Sheil
Bowie Medal (since 2009)
2021 Michelle Colgrave
2017 Tara Pukala
Michael Guilhaus Research Award (since 2015)
The award has not been given to a female mass spectrometrist since award inception in 2015.
ANZSMS Fellows (since 2014)
2014 Margaret Sheil
Brazilian Society of Mass Spectrometry
The major award of the Brazilian Society of Mass Spectrometry is the BrMASS Manuel Riveros Medal.
BrMASS Manuel Riveros Medal
Maria Fernanda Georgina Gine Rosias
Conchetta Cacheres
British Mass Spectrometry Society
The major awards of the British Mass Spectrometry Society (BMSS) are the Aston Medal and the BMSS Medal.
Aston Medal (since 1987)
2011 Carol V. Robinson
BMSS Medal (since 2002)
2019 Alison Ashcroft
Canadian Society for Mass Spectrometry
The major award of the Canadian Society for Mass Spectrometry is the Fred P. Lossing Award.
Fred P. Lossing Award (since 1994)
2018 Ann English
2017 Helene Perreault
German Mass Spectrometry Society (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Massenspektrometrie, DGMS)
The major awards of the German Mass Spectrometry Society (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Massenspektrometrie, DGMS) are the Mattauch-Herzog Award for Mass Spectrometry, Wolfgang Paul Lecture, Mass Spectrometry in the Life Sciences Award, and Life Science Prize.
Mattauch-Herzog Award for Mass Spectrometry (since 1988)
2022 Charlotte Uetrecht
2004 Andrea Sinz
Wolfgang Paul Lecture (since 1997)
2019 Vicki Wysocki
2015 Catherine E. Costello
1998 Chava Lifshitz
Mass Spectrometry in the Life Sciences Award (since 2009)
2022 Andrea Sinz
2018 Michal Sharon
2015 Jana Seifert
2009 J. Sabine Becker
Life Science Prize (2002–2007)
2002 Jasna Peter-Katalinic
Swiss Group for Mass Spectrometry
The major award of the Swiss Group for Mass Spectrometry (SGMS) is the SGMS Award.
SGMS Award (since 2014)
2016 Paola Picotti
Taiwan Society for Mass Spectrometry
The major award of the Taiwan Society for Mass Spectrometry is the Outstanding Scholar Research Award.
Outstanding Scholar Research Award (since 2011)
2018 Shu-Hui Chen 陳淑慧
2012 Mei-Chun Tseng 曾美郡
2011 Yu-Ju Chen 陳玉如
Canadian National Proteomics Network
The major awards of the Canadian National Proteomics Network (CNPN) are the CNPN-Tony Pawson Proteomics Award, and the New Investigator Award.
CNPN-Tony Pawson Proteomics Award (since 2010)
2020 Anne-Claude Gingras
2019 Jennifer Van Eyk
New Investigator Award (since 2020)
The award has not been given to a female mass spectrometrist since the award inception in 2020.
Human Proteome Organization
The major awards of the Human Proteome Organization are the Distinguished Achievement in Proteomic Sciences Award, Discovery in Proteomic Sciences Award, Clinical & Translational Proteomics Award, Science & Technology Award, and Distinguished Service Award.
Distinguished Achievement in Proteomic Sciences Award (since 2004)
2021 Nicolle H. Packer
2020 Karin Rodland
2019 Jennifer Van Eyk
2018 Kathryn K. Lilley
2015 Amanda Paulovich
2012 Carol Robinson
2004 Angelika Gorg
Discovery in Proteomic Sciences Award (since 2007)
2021 Paola Picotti
2019 Anne-Claude Gingras
2018 Ulrike Kusebauch
2017 Ileana Cristea
2008 Catherine E. Costello
Clinical & Translational Proteomics Award (since 2014)
2021 Ying Ge
2018 Peipei Ping
2015 Jennifer Van Eyk
Science & Technology Award (since 2011)
2019 Olga Ornatsky
Distinguished Service Award (since 2004)
2015 Catherine E. Costello
2013 Peipei Ping
2006 Catherine C. Fenselau
U.S. Human Proteome Organization
The major awards of the U.S. Human Proteome Organization are the Donald F. Hunt Distinguished Contribution in Proteomics Award, Catherine E. Costello Lifetime Achievement in Proteomics Award, Gilbert S. Omenn Computational Proteomics Award, and Robert J. Cotter New Investigator Award.
Donald F. Hunt Distinguished Contribution in Proteomics Award (since 2018)
2021 Peipei Ping
2019 Jennifer Van Eyk
Catherine E. Costello Lifetime Achievement in Proteomics Award (since 2019)
2022 Catherine C. Fenselau
2019 Catherine E. Costello
Gilbert S. Omenn Computational Proteomics Award (since 2016)
2021 Olga Vitek
Robert J. Cotter New Investigator Award (since 2013)
2022 Stephanie M. Cologna
2020 Si Wu
2018 Leslie Hicks
2016 Paola Picotti
2014 Judit Villen
2013 Rebecca Gundry
References
Mass spectrometrists
Francis Arthur "Frank" Badgery (1852 – 28 August 1915) was a British-born Australian politician.
He was born in Exeter, the eleventh child of farmer Henry Badgery and Mary Ann Reilly. He came to New South Wales at a young age and attended Camden College in Newtown. On 27 October 1876 he married Elizabeth Evans, with whom he would have five children. He owned property at Sutton Forest and at Roma Downs in Queensland, and later at Queanbeyan. From 1906 he was a Wingecarribee Shire councillor, and he was involved in local government as the first president of the Shires Association. In 1913 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Wollondilly, serving until his death at Sutton Forest in 1915.
His brother, Henry Badgery, served in the Legislative Assembly from 1878 to 1885.
References
1852 births
1915 deaths
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Little Wapwallopen Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Rice Township, Dorrance Township, Conyngham Township, and Hollenback Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of . The creek is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery and is not considered to be impaired. It has two named tributaries: Pond Creek and Nuangola Outlet. Wild trout naturally reproduce in the creek.
Little Wapwallopen Creek ranges from slightly acidic to slightly basic. It is a significant source of flooding in Conyngham Township, Dorrance Township, and Rice Township. Numerous bridges have been constructed across the creek. The surficial geology in its vicinity consists of alluvium, alluvial terrace, alluvial fan, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, Wisconsinan Till, and wetlands. Numerous bridges have also been constructed across the creek.
Course
Little Wapwallopen Creek begins in Boyle Pond in Rice Township. It flows west for several tenths of a mile and passes through another pond before turning south-southwest for more than a mile (two kilometers). It then turns west for a few tenths of a mile and receives Nuangola Outlet, its first named tributary, from the right. The creek turns south-southwest for more than a mile before turning southwest and crossing Interstate 81 and entering Dorrance Township. Several tenths of a mile further downstream, it passes through Andy Pond and turns west-northwest for a short distance. It then turns west-southwest for considerably more than a mile before turning west and then west-northwest. The creek then turns north for a few tenths of a mile before turning west for several tenths of a mile. For the next few miles, it flows roughly west-southwest, entering Conyngham Township. The creek then turns south for several tenths of a mile, briefly entering Hollenback Township before turning north and flowing alongside Hess Mountain as it reenters Conyngham Township. Its valley broadens and it flows west-southwest for a few miles, receiving the tributary Pond Creek and crossing Pennsylvania Route 239. A short distance further downstream, it reaches its confluence with the Susquehanna River.
Little Wapwallopen Creek is approximately long. It joins the Susquehanna River upriver of its mouth.
Tributaries
Little Wapwallopen Creek has numerous unnamed tributaries and two named tributaries: Nuangola Outlet and Pond Creek. Pond Creek joins Little Wapwallopen Creek upstream of its mouth. Its watershed has an area of . Nuangola Outlet joins Little Wapwallopen Creek upstream of its mouth. Its watershed has an area of .
Hydrology
The discharge of Little Wapwallopen Creek near its mouth has been observed to range from . The turbidity level of the creek at this location was once measured to be fewer than 5 Jackson Turbidity Units. Its specific conductance ranged from 60 to 80 micro-siemens per centimeter at . The creek's pH ranged between a slightly acidic 6.3 and a slightly basic 7.4. The concentration of water hardness ranged from . The creek is not considered to be impaired as of 2006.
The concentration of dissolved oxygen in the waters of Little Wapwallopen Creek was measured in the 1970s to be . The carbon dioxide concentration ranged from . The concentration of bicarbonate ranged from and no carbonate was observed.
The concentration of organic nitrogen in Little Wapwallopen Creek was once measured to be and the ammonia concentration was once measured to be . The concentration of nitrogen in the form of nitrates was measured to be and the concentration of nitrogen in the form of nitrites was measured to be .
In the 1970s, the concentration of calcium in the waters of Little Wapwallopen Creek were found to range from . The magnesium concentration ranged from . The combined concentrations of sodium and potassium ranged from and the recoverable iron concentration was once measured at . The sulfate concentration ranged from 12.0 to 16.0 milligrams per liter and the concentration of chloride ranged from .
The concentration of dissolved solids in Little Wapwallopen Creek was once measured to be .
At its mouth, the peak annual discharge of Little Wapwallopen Creek has a 10 percent chance of reaching . It has a 2 percent chance of reaching and a 1 percent chance of reaching . The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching . Upstream of the tributary Pond Creek, the peak annual discharge of the creek has a 10 percent chance of reaching . It has a 2 percent chance of and a 1 percent chance of reaching . The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching .
At a point downstream of Blue Ridge Trail, the peak annual discharge of Little Wapwallopen Creek has a 10 percent chance of reaching . It has a 2 percent chance of reaching and a 1 percent chance of reaching . The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching . At a point upstream of Blue Ridge Trail, the peak annual discharge of the creek has a 10 percent chance of reaching . It has a 2 percent chance of and a 1 percent chance of reaching . The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching .
Geography, geology, and climate
The elevation near the mouth of Little Wapwallopen Creek is above sea level. The elevation of the creek's source is approximately above sea level. The course of the creek is tortuous.
Alluvium, which consists of stratified sand, silt, and gravel, as well as some boulders, occurs in the valley of Little Wapwallopen Creek to a depth of or more. Numerous deposits of Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift are present as well. Alluvial terrace also occurs near the creek, which is the only place in the quadrangle of Sybertsville that contains it in the surficial geology. Wisconsinan Loess, which consists of windblown silt and fine sand, occurs in the southern part of the creek's valley in the Sybertsville quadrangle. The remains of outwash terraces also occur near the creek in that quadrangle.
In the Sybertsville quadrangle, the surficial geology in the valley of Little Wapwallopen Creek mainly consists of alluvium, alluvial terrace, alluvial fan, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, and some small patches of Wisconsinan Till. The surficial geology on the valley slopes and uplands mainly consists of bedrock. In the quadrangle of Freeland, the surficial geology near Little Wapwallopen Creek mainly features Wisconsinan Till, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, and alluvium. The surficial geology near the creek in the Wilkes-Barre West quadrangle mainly consists of Wisconsinan Till, with some scattered areas of bedrock and alluvium.
The Berwick Axis, which is also known as the Montour Axis, crosses the Susquehanna River half a mile downstream of the mouth of Little Wapwallopen Creek. There is concealed Marcellus shale near the creek in Hollenback Township.
The water temperature of Little Wapwallopen Creek near Wapwallopen was measured several times during the 1970s. The values ranged from in May 1971 to in September 1972.
Watershed
The watershed of Little Wapwallopen Creek has an area of . The mouth of the creek is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Berwick. However, its source is in the quadrangle of Wilkes-Barre West. It also flows through the quadrangles of Freeland and Sybertsville. The creek is one of the major streams in Luzerne County.
The land in the 100 year floodplain of Little Wapwallopen Creek mainly consists of agricultural and forested land. However, there are also some areas of rural residential land. A natural gas pipeline in diameter and owned by the Transcontinental Gas Pipeline Company crosses an unnamed tributary of Little Wapwallopen Creek. Numerous bridges have also been constructed across the creek.
A lake known as Lilly Lake is in the watershed of Little Wapwallopen Creek, on one of its tributaries. A pond known as Triangle Pond is also in the upper reaches of the watershed. Henry C. Bradsby's book History of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania described Round Pond as being in the watershed as well. A swamp known as Turner Swamp is also in the watershed. Other lakes in the creek's vicinity include Andy Pond, Lake Blytheburn, Boyle Pond, Nuangola Lake, and the Ice Ponds. Many patches of wetlands are found in the watershed's upper reaches.
A package wastewater treatment facility operated by the Crestwood School District discharges into Little Wapwallopen Creek in Rice Township. It has a capacity of per day. Another package wastewater treatment facility is operated by Wilbar Realty in the same township and discharges into the creek. It serves 176 homes in Laurel Lake Village and has a capacity of .
Little Wapwallopen Creek is one of the main sources of flooding in Conyngham Township, along with the Susquehanna River. The creek is also the main source of flooding in Dorrance Township and one of the main sources in Rice Township. A 100 year flood of the creek would flood substantial areas. Such flooding would also be exacerbated by backwater flooding from the Susquehanna River.
History
Little Wapwallopen Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1179707.
Historically, a Native American path went from Council Cup up the Little Wapwallopen Creek valley and to Wilkes-Barre. The path ran from Council Cup to the creek and then northeast alongside it before going past Lily Lake and over Penobscot Mountain towards where Wilkes-Barre is now located. The first person to settle in Conyngham Township was Martin Harter, who settled on the creek near its mouth in 1795.
In the late 1800s, there was an old ferry road near the mouth of Little Wapwallopen Creek. A railroad bridge also crosses the creek. Historically, a road ran from a small settlement on Big Wapwallopen Creek to an even smaller one on Little Wapwallopen Creek, near where Church Road presently is. The Glen Brook Water Company once had plans to construct a dam on the creek and also on its tributary Pond Creek. The Wilkes-Barre Ice Company and the Hazleton Ice Company also dammed a stream in the creek's watershed in 1912 and 1916 respectively, forming the Ice Ponds.
Numerous bridges have been constructed across the creek. A concrete stringer/multi-beam or girder bridge carrying Blytheburn Road was built over Little Wapwallopen Creek in 1920. It is long. A concrete slab bridge was built across the creek in 1935 and repaired in 2007. It is long and carries T-477/Weyhenmyr Street. In 1940, a bridge carrying Pennsylvania Route 239 was constructed over the creek in Conyngham Township. This bridge is a steel stringer/multi-beam or girder bridge with a length of long.
A three-span bridge carrying Interstate 81 northbound over Little Wapwallopen Creek was constructed in Rice Township in 1964 and repaired in 1987. This bridge is a prestressed box beam bridge with a length of . A bridge of the same type was built over the creek for Interstate 81 southbound in 1965. This bridge was also repaired in 1987 and is long. In 1975, a prestressed stringer/multi-beam or girder bridge carrying State Route 3008/Ruckle Hill Road was built over the creek. This bridge is long and is in Conyngham Township. A prestressed box beam or girders bridge was built in Dorrance Township in 1988. It is long. Another bridge of the same type, but with a length of was constructed in 1996 for T-406/Georges Road. A steel girder and floorbeam system bridge was built over the creek in 1997. It is long and carries T-392/Hollow Road.
Floodwaters from Little Wapwallopen Creek reached a height of over St. Marys Road in Dorrance Township during a storm in 1972. This is the only recorded flooding of a developed area caused by a major storm in the township. The creek also once flooded to a depth of over Hislop Road in Rice Township.
In August 2002, the Pennsylvania Environmental Council received $57,897.76 to carry out a restoration plan on the upper reaches of Little Wapwallopen Creek. Since 2005, a project to remedy streambank erosion on the creek has been successful. The creek has a watershed association known as the Little Wapwallopen Creek Watershed Association.
Biology
The drainage basin of Little Wapwallopen Creek is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. Wild trout naturally reproduce in the creek from its mouth upstream for to T-392. They also do so in the tributary Pond Creek from its headwaters downstream to its mouth.
Henry C. Bradsby's 1893 book History of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania stated that Long Pond and Round Pond, two ponds in the watershed, had a large fish population. The creek was stocked with 700 fingerling, yearling, and adult brook trout in 1909.
The greenway of Little Wapwallopen Creek has been proposed as a conservation area in the Open Space, Greenways & Outdoor Recreation Master Plan for Luzerne County and Lackawanna County.
See also
Rocky Run (Susquehanna River), next tributary of the Susquehanna River going upriver
Big Wapwallopen Creek, next tributary of the Susquehanna River going downriver
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
External links
Image of Little Wapwallopen Creek
Another image of the creek
Rivers of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of the Susquehanna River
Rivers of Pennsylvania
The 1968–69 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 30th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1968 in Norwegian sport
1969 in Norwegian sport
Mister Bolivia is an annual Bolivian male beauty pageant held since 1996 and responsible for selecting the country's representatives to the Mister International and Mister World pageants.
History
The contest was founded in 1996 and Gloria Suárez de Limpias has been the event's director since 1996. In the same organization, Gloria organizes Miss Bolivia national competition which the winner traditionally represents Bolivia to the Miss Universe pageant.
International winners
On December 19, 2009 Bruno Kettels was crowned as Mister International 2009 at Plaza International Hotel, Taichung, Taiwan on December 19, 2009. He was overcome the 28 Contestants at the pageant to get the title of Mister International. He is the first Bolivian to get title of Mister International in the history of the pageant.
In 2010 Jorge Langenbacher of Bolivia was declared the winner of Mr. Tourism International 2010 held last Saturday November 27 at Carpa Banca- American Fest de Isla Perico in Panama City, Panama
Official Divisions
Beni
Chuquisaca
Cochabamba
La Paz
Oruro
Pando
Potosí
Santa Cruz
Tarija
Titleholders
In 2006 and 2011 there is no Mister Bolivia pageant. In 2012 Mister Bolivia was selected by appointment.
List of Mister Bolivia at International pageants
Color key
See also
Miss Bolivia
References
External links
Mister Bolivia official site
Beauty pageants in Bolivia
Recurring events established in 1996
Bolivian awards
Israel participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 September 1974 to 16 September 1974. This was the last appearance of Israel in Asian Games. Athletes from Israel won overall 19 medals, including seven gold, and finished sixth in a medal table.
In these Games, athletes from the Arab nations, Pakistan, China and North Korea refused to play with Israel in tennis, fencing, basketball and football events, due to political reasons.
Expulsion after the Games
Two years after the Games, Asian Games Federation barred Israel from participating in the 1978 Asian Games. In July 1976 the 25 members of the Asian Games Federation were canvassed to see if Israel should participate in the 1978 Games, with all 12 responses received voting against including Israel.
Medals
Athletics
Men
Women
Basketball
Preliminary Round - Group B
Standings
Games
Second Round - Group B
Standings
Games
Final round
Bracket
Semi-finals
Finals
Roster
Coach: Abraham Hemo
Motti Aroesti
Shamuel Avishar
Miki Berkovich
Tal Brody
Jacob Eisner
Hanan Keren
Itamar Marzel
Avigdor Moskowitz
Shamuel Nachmias
Shuki Schwartz
Boaz Yanai
Shmaryahu Zaslevsky
Fencing
Women
Football
Preliminary round - Group C
Standings
Matches
Second round - Group B
Standings
Matches
Finals
Shooting
Air pistol
Free pistol
Air rifle
Small bore rifle prone
Small bore rifle 3 positions
Small bore standard rifle 3 positions
Swimming
Medal summary
Men
Men's results
100 m freestyle
Heats
Final
200 m freestyle
Heats
Final
400 m freestyle
Heats
100 m butterfly
Heats
Final
200 m butterfly
Heats
Final
200 m individual medley
Heats
Women
100 m breaststroke
Heats
Final
200 m breaststroke
Heats
Final
200 m individual medley
Heats
Final
Tennis
Medalists
Weightlifting
Medal summary
Medalists
Results
82.5 kg
90 kg
110 kg
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
All is the tenth studio album by French musician Yann Tiersen. It was released on 15 February 2019 through Mute Records.
Track listing
Charts
References
2019 albums
Yann Tiersen albums
Mute Records albums
Wilhelm Halpern (5 February 1895 – 4 March 1973) was an Austrian footballer. He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1917 to 1918.
References
External links
1895 births
1973 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Alberto Salinas Carranza (November 15, 1892 – October 31, 1970) was a Mexican aviator who participated in the Mexican Revolution.
Carranza was born in Cuatro Ciénegas, Coahuila, Mexico on November 15, 1892, the oldest of 3 children of Jose Maria Salinas Balmaceda and Mary Garza Carranza. He married Peruvian Delfina Duque, who unfortunately died in 1936. In 1938 he married Sara Berta Stephens.
He studied mechanical engineering at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He returned to Mexico during the government of Francisco I. Madero, and he studied at the Moissant School of Aviation, along with his cousin Gustavo Salinas, and graduated in 1912. After the usurpation of Victoriano Huerta in February 1913 he joined the constitutionalist movement led by his uncle, who was commissioned to organize an air fleet of three aircraft, which participated in several battles.
In 1915 Carranza participated in the Battle of El Ebano, San Luis Potosí, against Villa's forces, and helped Yucatán campaign Salvador Alvarado. He organized the Department of Aviation, with its aeronautical workshops and a school for training military pilots. He was also the head of a cartridge factory.
After the war Carranza was exiled in Lima, Peru, and then in the United States. He was a Senator of the Republic in the XXXVII Legislature. In June 1942 he was conferred the rank of General, and in January 1951 reached the rank of Brigadier General. He was a military air attache at the embassies in Washington, Paris, Rome and Belgrade.
In the early 1960s he worked as a counselor in the presidency. He led the Veterans of the Revolution and was a board member of the Mexican Legion of Honor. He wrote several works including The Punitive Expedition. He died in Mexico City on October 31, 1970.
Mexican aviators
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
Members of the Early Birds of Aviation
People from Cuatro Ciénegas
1892 births
1970 deaths
Mexican expatriates in the United States
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumni
The Land Titles Building is located at 76 Fairford Street West in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada. The architectural firm of Storey and Van Egmond designed the building. The building is a designated Heritage Property.
The restoration of the Land Titles building and its change to The Yvette Moore Gallery began in January 1999. Paint stripper uncovered the copper doors and window frames that are now part of the gallery's distinctive décor. Chandeliers in the main Gallery are reproductions of the copper fixtures, to match the décor. It is furnished with some of the original steel cabinets, dating back to the early 1900s.
References
Buildings and structures completed in 1910
Buildings and structures in Moose Jaw
Heritage sites in Saskatchewan
Bangladesh Badminton Federation is the national organization for badminton and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. Abdul Malek is the president of the federation and Kabirul Islam Sikder is the general secretary.
History
Bangladesh Badminton Federation was established in 1972 after the Bangladesh Liberation war. Md. Yousuf Ali was the founding president of the organization and served till 1976.
The federation is headquartered at Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmed National Indoor Stadium, in Dhaka. In December 2020, they sought to limit use of the stadium by locking the electrical panels that power the main lights. General secretary Hossain said it was necessary to reduce their electric bill and maintenance costs.
In August 2021, Ekattor TV reported that the stadium was in disrepair. The courts had broken wooden floors which dipped when walking. During the quarter final 'Bangabandhu Bangladesh Games' in April, player Gazi Nur Alam Tushar tore a ligament, which the report blamed on the condition of the floors. The federation contributed towards Tushar's medical expenses.
References
Badminton in Bangladesh
National members of the Badminton World Federation
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Badminton
Organisations based in Dhaka
Indonesia Shang Bao (), is a Mandarin-language newspaper published in Indonesia. Shang Bao primarily covers business, politics, entertainment and financial news. Indonesia Shang Bao also is a daily newspaper business and finance Chinese which first published in the reform era after the collapse of the New Order government on May 12, 1998. Indonesia Shang Bao was first launched on April 17, 2000. Indonesia Shang Baos the biggest partners are the Bisnis Indonesia group and Sinar Harapan newspaper.
Publications established in 2000
Chinese-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Indonesia
Mass media in Jakarta
Quitaúna is a train station, belonging to CPTM Line 8-Diamond, located in the municipality of Osasco.
History
Built by Estrada de Ferro Sorocabana (EFS) on 29 May 1929, in the district of Quitaúna. In 1934, the main building was renovated, due to the increase of commuter demand. With the installation of Brazilian Army Headquarters in the end of the 1930s and beginning of the 1940s, the station was renamed to Duque de Caxias, name used between 1939 and 1948. On 8 April 1953, the station receives a new building. In 1971, FEPASA absorbs EFS and rebuilts the station, reopened on 25 January 1979. In 1996, CPTM absorbs the old FEPASA West Line, renaming it to Line B-Grey. In March 2008, the line was renamed again to Line 8-Diamond.
References
External links
CPTM Official Page (in Portuguese)
Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos stations
Railway stations opened in 1929
This article summarizes the events, album releases, and album release dates in hip hop music for the year 2020.
Events
January
On January 1, Saint Paul, Minnesota rapper Lexii Alijai died of an accidental drug overdose.
On January 2, DaBaby was detained by Miami police for robbery investigations.
On January 6, G Herbo pled guilty to battery. On the same day, Florida rapper 9lokkNine was arrested for carrying a concealed firearm and potentially faces up to five years in prison.
On January 9, New Orleans bounce rapper 5thward Weebie died of a heart attack.
On January 17, Eminem released his eleventh studio album, Music to Be Murdered By, with no prior announcement and he became the first artist ever to have 10 consecutive albums debuting at number one on the Billboard 200. On the same day, New York rapper Pop Smoke was released from jail on a bond of $250,000 after having been arrested with a stolen Rolls-Royce vehicle worth $375,000. He was prohibited to leave the United States without the government's permission.
On January 26, Tyler, the Creator won a Grammy for Best Rap Album with Igor, and 21 Savage won a Grammy for Best Rap Song with "A Lot" featuring J. Cole. Nipsey Hussle posthumously won two Grammys for Best Rap/Sung Performance with "Higher" with DJ Khaled and John Legend, and Best Rap Performance for "Racks in the Middle" with Roddy Ricch and Hit-Boy.
February
On February 19, Pop Smoke was murdered in an apparent home invasion robbery in Hollywood Hills California.
On February 21, it was announced that Paul Rosenberg would be stepping down as CEO of Def Jam.
March
On March 2, after 35 years with the group, Flavor Flav was fired from Public Enemy. It would later become a hoax.
On March 8, a person was shot at a Lil Baby concert in Birmingham.
On March 30, Kodak Black was sentenced to 12 months in prison.
April
On April 2, 6ix9ine was released from prison because of his health condition due to Coronavirus concerns. He was on house arrest for the remainder of his sentence which ended in August the same year. On the same day, YNW Melly told fans he was diagnosed with COVID-19 in a Florida jail.
On April 3, Playboi Carti was arrested on gun and drug charges in Georgia. Police found guns, 12 bags of marijuana, Xanax, codeine and oxycodone.
On April 6, Mac P Dawg, a frequent collaborator of Shoreline Mafia, was shot and killed.
On April 8, rapper and model Chynna died of an apparent drug overdose.
On April 16, French Montana and Jim Jones squashed their beef after 15 years.
On April 21, Lil Wayne launched Young Money Radio on Apple Music.
On April 23, Fred the Godson died of COVID-19 complications.
On April 28, Orlando, Florida rapper LPB Poody and three other people were shot during a visual.
June
On June 19, rapper Tray Savage was shot and killed. On the same day, Hurricane Chris was arrested for murder in Louisiana.
On June 25, rapper Huey was shot and killed in St Louis, Missouri.
On June 30, rapper Stepa J. Groggs from Injury Reserve died.
July
On July 4, Kanye West announced his 2020 presidential campaign.
On July 12, rapper Marlo was shot and killed.
On July 13, Tory Lanez was arrested for gun possession. He is also accused of shooting Megan Thee Stallion in the foot.
On July 16, Logic announced his new album No Pressure was releasing July 24, and he would retire later on.
On July 29, American rapper and singer Malik B. died. He was a founding member of hip hop group The Roots. On the same day, British rapper Wiley was permanently suspended from Twitter over antisemitism comments. He was banned from Facebook and Instagram just days prior.
August
On August 1, prior to the 25th anniversary of Only Built 4 Cuban Linx..., Raekwon announced the third installment.
On August 4, Chicago rapper FBG Duck was shot and killed at a shopping area in Chicago's Gold Coast.
On August 5, Juelz Santana was released from prison.
On August 6, rapper YBN Nahmir announced via Twitter that the YBN collective has officially disbanded. Rapper and member YBN Cordae subsequently dropped the "YBN" portion of his stage name.
On August 9, Rick Ross squashed his beef with 50 Cent.
On August 11, the XXL 2020 Freshman Class was revealed, in which rappers Polo G, Lil Tjay, Jack Harlow, Baby Keem, Lil Keed, Calboy, Fivio Foreign, Latto, NLE Choppa, 24kGoldn, Rod Wave, and Chika.
On August 29, Silentó was arrested for domestic violence in Santa Ana, California.
September
On September 8, Juicy J and DJ Paul sued Suicideboys for $6.4 million.
On September 15, Cardi B filed for divorced from Offset.
On September 30, Nicki Minaj gave birth to a son with her husband Kenneth Petty.
October
On October 1, 6ix9ine was hospitalized due to overdosing on caffeine and weight loss pills.
On October 7, Chip released two diss records directly aimed towards fellow UK rapper, Stormzy.
On October 8, Tory Lanez was arrested for the felony assault with a weapon in the shooting incident of Megan Thee Stallion.
On October 12, Blac Youngsta was arrested for possession of a firearm. On the same day, Fivio Foreign was arrested for assault.
On October 13, Saint Dog was pronounced dead after being found unresponsive.
On October 14, Lil Xan was sued for pulling a gun on a man during a 2Pac argument.
On October 23, Young Buck was arrested for domestic assault.
On October 31, MF Doom died. His death wasn't publicly announced until December 31.
November
On November 4, Drakeo the Ruler was released from prison.
On November 4, Glenn Johnson, brother of DaBaby, committed suicide at the age of 34 in Charlotte, North Carolina.
On November 6, King Von was shot and killed in Atlanta, Georgia.
On November 11, MO3 was shot and killed in Dallas, Texas.
On November 12, it was announced that Jeezy would be senior advisor of Def Jam and signed a new deal.
On November 15, Benny the Butcher was shot in Houston outside of a Walmart.
On November 17, Lil Wayne was arrested and charged with possession of a firearm.
On November 19, Gucci Mane and Jeezy squashed their beef after 15 years during a Verzuz battle.
On November 23, the brother of 21 Savage was stabbed to death in London, England, the same day that the brother of YoungBoy Never Broke Again was shot in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
On November 28, Lil Yase was shot and killed in Alameda County, California.
December
On December 1, Casanova was charged by the FBI for racketeering murder, narcotics, firearms, and fraud offenses. Later on, he turned himself into the authorities.
On December 2, G Herbo was allegedly charged in fraud scheme for using fake identification.
On December 4, Young M.A was arrested for reckless driving.
On December 8, A Boogie wit da Hoodie was arrested for drug and gun possession.
On December 9, Zoey Dollaz was shot multiple times in Miami, Florida.
On December 11, Lil Wayne pled guilty to a firearm charge.
On December 15, Rowdy Rebel was released from prison.
On December 23, Ecstasy of the group Whodini died.
On December 31, MF Doom's death was made public. He died on October 31.
Released albums
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Highest-charting songs
Highest first-week consumption
All critically reviewed albums ranked
Metacritic
AnyDecentMusic?
See also
Previous article: 2019 in hip hop music
Next article: 2021 in hip hop music
References
Hip hop
Hip hop music by year
Acrocercops arbutella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Arizona, United States.
The host plant for the species is Arbutus arizonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large upper side blotch mine. The loosened epidermis of the mine is very thin and whitish at first. Later it turns brownish. The parenchyma is either almost entirely consumed over about half the mine, or irregularly eaten over the whole mine.
References
External links
Acrocercops at microleps.org
arbutella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1925
The Episcopal Diocese of Arkansas is part of the Episcopal Church in the United States and the worldwide Anglican Communion. The Diocese is organized into 56 congregations, with its diocesan office in Little Rock. The seat of the Bishop of Arkansas is Trinity Cathedral, Little Rock.
Notes
External links
ECUSA Province Directory
Province VII website
Journal of the Proceedings of the Annual Council of the Diocese of Arkansas at the Online Books Page
Arkansas
Christianity in Little Rock, Arkansas
Episcopal Church in Arkansas
Province 7 of the Episcopal Church (United States)
Li Jianming (born 5 September 1957) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1978 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Simon Willard (1753–1848) was an American clockmaker.
Simon Willard may also refer to:
Simon Willard (Massachusetts colonist) (1605–1676), an early Massachusetts fur trader and colonist
Simon Willard (Connecticut colonist)
See also
Descendants of Simon Willard
Nicetas (Russ. Никита Nikita, Ukrain. Микита, from Greek Νικήτας Niketas) is a Christian martyr of the 4th century, venerated particularly in the Russian Orthodox Church. His feastday is 15 September.
Life
Nicetas, a Gothic soldier, lived in the Danube region at the margins of the Byzantine Empire. Presumably, he received his Greek name on the occasion of his baptism by the Gothic bishop Theophilus, a participant in the First Ecumenical Council. Pagan Goths began to oppose the spread of Christianity, which resulted in internecine strife. Nicetas fought in the Gothic civil war between the pagan Athanaric and the Christian Fritigern.
After the defeat of Athanaric and after the invention of Gothic alphabets by Ulfilas, Nicetas worked intensely among the Goths. He was condemned to the stake in 372. According to his Passio, the devil, shaped as an angel, induced Nicetas to sacrifice to the pagan gods for saving his life; Nicetas, however, put him to flight by means of prayer and assisted by archangel Michael. His body was buried it in Cilicia, and later transferred to Constantinople.
In Greece, Russia, Ukraine, Serbia, and Cyprus there are several churches and monasteries named after St Nicetas. See Church of Saint Nicetas.
St Nicetas is prayed to for the preservation of children from birth defects.
The veneration of this saint in the medieval period gave rise to the Slavic forms of his name: Nikita, Mykyta and Mikita
See also
Gothic persecution of Christians
Sabbas the Goth
References
External links
Story and legend (German)
4th-century Christian martyrs
4th-century Christian saints
4th-century Romans
4th-century Gothic people
Year of birth unknown
, formerly known as Fellows!, is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Enterbrain. Created in 2008, the magazine was originally called Fellows! and was published with a frequency of publication of two months. In December 2012, Enterbrain announced a revamp on the magazine beginning with its February issue in 2013 with the publication changing its name of Fellows! to Harta and also changing its frequency from bimonthly to ten issues per year from February to August and then October to December.
The name is inspired by Indonesian word "Harta", which means "treasure."
Unlike many of the manga magazines in Japan in which the cover features a series currently serialized on the magazine, every issue since the magazine was still called Fellows! is an original illustration by different artists, with this heritage continuing with the change for Harta.
Serialized titles
A Bride's Story (ongoing)
Aoi Horus no Hitomi: Dansou no Joou no Monogatari
Cuprum no Hanayome (ongoing)
Delicious in Dungeon (ongoing)
Furo Run
Gisèle Alain
Go with the Clouds, North by Northwest
Hakumei and Mikochi (ongoing)
Hakuginhi
Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto
Hinamatsuri
Iki nokotta 6-nin ni yoru to (ongoing)
Isabella Bird in Wonderland
Migi to Dali
Ran and the Gray World
Reki Yomi
Immortal Hounds
Shinobuna! Chiyo-chan
Subaru to Suu-san (ongoing)
Shirley
Uwagaki
Wanko ni Kuchizuke
References
External links
ハルタ (Harta)
Magazines established in 2008
2008 establishments in Japan
Seinen manga magazines
Jacob Hinds (1800 – October 20, 1873) was an American politician from New York.
Life
In 1826, he married Almira Waldron (1805–1874), and they had five children, among them Franklin Hinds, Harrison Hinds, Mary Katherine Hinds (1832–1913) and Minerva A. Hinds (1830–1890).
About 1830, he removed to Murray, Orleans County, New York, and was among the founders of the village of Hindsburgh (now Hinsburg).
During the administration of Governor William H. Seward, he was appointed Superintendent of Canal Repairs for a section of the Erie Canal.
He was one of the first three Canal Commissioners elected under the New York State Constitution of 1846, and drew the three-year term, being in office from 1848 to 1850. In 1850, he was accused of misadministration, but defended himself successfully before a special committee of the New York State Legislature.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (page 42; Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858) [gives "Tonawanda" as residence for Hinds]
The New York Annual Register (1840; page 394)
Reimbursement of his legal fees, in The Laws of the State of New York (Seventy-eighth Session, 1855; pages 1024f)
The New York Mercantile Union Business Directory (1849; page 412) [gives "Hindsville" as residence for Hinds]
The Pioneer History of Orleans County, NY, Chapter XXIV, The Village of Hindsburgh by Arad Thomas
Burial records from Mt. Albion Cemetery, Albion NY, at RootsWeb
Burial records from Transit Cemetery, Murray NY, at RootsWeb
Waldron genealogy
1800 births
1873 deaths
People from Murray, New York
Erie Canal Commissioners
The Harper Family House is a historic house on Maine State Route 5 in Limerick, Maine. Estimated to date to 1809, it is one Limerick's few brick 19th-century houses, and possibly its oldest. It was owned by a single family for 144 years. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
Description and history
The Harper Family House is located on the west side of Route 5, in southern Limerick between Woodridge Drive and Austin Lane. It is a brick Cape style house, stories in height, with a side gable roof, two chimneys, and a granite foundation. The main facade, facing roughly east, is eight bays wide, reflecting an original five-bay block and a wing whose front is flush with that block. A wood-frame ell extends to the rear, joining the house to a modern garage and barn. The front facade has two entrances, one an elaborate Federal period surround with sidelights at the center of the original main block. Alterations to the building have been relatively limited, including the addition of dormers and the replacement of the front door.
The house is believed to have been built about 1809, although there is no documentary evidence to support this. It was the centerpiece of a farm that also included a blacksmithy. The house was probably built by Samuel Harper, who settled the land in 1787, around the time of his son Ezekial's marriage. The only other brick houses in Limerick of 19th century origin are Greek Revival and Italianate in style, dating to the middle of the century. This house was sold out of the Harper family in the 1950s.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Maine
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Federal architecture in Maine
Houses completed in 1809
Houses in York County, Maine
Limerick, Maine
National Register of Historic Places in York County, Maine
Reverend Joshua Dyke (September 15, 1849 – August 11, 1934) was an English-born Methodist minister, business owner and politician in Ontario, Canada. He served as mayor of Fort William from 1902 to 1903.
He was born in Wednesfield, Staffordshire and came to Canada in 1871. Dyke founded Wesley Methodist Church (later Wesley United Church) in Fort William in 1890. After beginning to lose his voice, Dyke left his post as a minister and became involved in business. He was a real estate and insurance agent. He also owned the Dyke Block, a commercial building, in Fort William. Dyke supported a publicly funded streetcar system for Port Arthur and Fort William since private sources of funding were not interested in the project.
During his time as mayor, a municipal telephone system was established and Vickers Park was donated to the town. Also, the first Fort William town hall was destroyed by fire. Dyke submitted his name for the 1909 mayoral election but was forced to withdraw after he suffered a stroke.
Dyke died in Fort William at the age of 84.
His daughter Edith, one of the first women to practice law in Thunder Bay district, established the Joshua Dyke Family Scholarship in his honour.
References
1849 births
1934 deaths
Mayors of Fort William, Ontario
Canadian Methodists
Datun may also refer to:
The datun, the Indian name for teeth-cleaning twigs.
The Datun Volcanoes, mountains in Taiwan
Datun Sahib, a tree in Ladakh
See also
Datsun, a car brand by Nissan
William Aubrey Thomas (June 7, 1866September 8, 1951) was an American scientist and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1904 to 1911.
Biography
Born in Y Bynea, near Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, Wales, Thomas immigrated to the United States in 1868 with his parents, who settled in Niles, Ohio. He attended the public schools of Niles, Mount Union College, and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where he majored in metallurgical chemistry.
He was an analytical chemist in Niles from 1886 to 1888 and was engaged in the iron and steel business. He served as president of The Mahoning Valley Steel Company and as secretary and director of the Niles Firebrick Co.
Thomas was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Charles W. F. Dick on this election to the Senate. He was reelected to the Fifty-ninth, Sixtieth, and Sixty-first Congresses and served from November 8, 1904, to March 3, 1911. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress.
He moved to Alabama in 1918 and continued his interest in the manufacture of iron, steel, and firebrick. He served as president of the Jenifer Iron Co. He died in Talladega, Alabama on September 8, 1951, aged 85. He was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery in Youngstown, Ohio.
Thomas became a Mason in 1887, and was the youngest Master in Ohio when he led his lodge for two terms. He became a member of the Elks in 1892 and was a Presbyterian.
References
1866 births
1951 deaths
American manufacturing businesspeople
American metallurgists
People from Niles, Ohio
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumni
Welsh emigrants to the United States
University of Mount Union alumni
People from Talladega, Alabama
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Bryanston Distributing Company (formerly known as Bryanston Distributors and also traded as Bryanston Pictures) was an American film distribution company that was active during the 1970s. The company was founded by Louis Peraino and Philip Parisi in 1972. It went bankrupt in 1976, amid the company's numerous legal troubles.
History
The company's first title was Deep Throat (1972), a pornographic film which had a $22,000 budget that generated $30–50 million in box office revenues.
Among the company's other notable releases were The Party at Kitty and Stud's (1970), Flesh for Frankenstein (1973), Dark Star (1974), Return of the Dragon (1974), The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974), Coonskin (1975), The Devil's Rain (1975) and That's the Way of the World (1976).
In the early 1970s, sons of Colombo crime family member Anthony Peraino, Louis Peraino and brother Joseph Peraino Sr. were the president and vice‐president/secretary‐treasurer, of Bryanston respectively. On August 28, 1974, Louis Peraino agreed to distribute The Texas Chain Saw Massacre worldwide, from which production manager Ron Bozman and Texas Film Commissioner Warren Skaaren would receive $225,000 (about $ inflation-adjusted) and 35% of the profits. Years later Bozman stated, "We made a deal with the devil, [sigh], and I guess that, in a way, we got what we deserved." They signed the contract with Bryanston and, after the investors recouped their money (with interest),—and after Skaaren, the lawyers, and the accountants were paid—only $8,100 (about $ inflation-adjusted) was left to be divided among the 20 cast and crew members. Eventually the producers sued Bryanston for failing to pay them their full percentage of the box office profits. A court judgment instructed Bryanston to pay the filmmakers $500,000 (about $ inflation-adjusted), but by then the company had declared bankruptcy.
In 1976, there was a series of federal cases in Memphis, Tennessee, where over 60 individuals and companies, including the Perainos and actor Harry Reems, were indicted for conspiracy to distribute obscenity across state lines for Deep Throat. Director Gerard Damiano and actress Linda Lovelace were granted immunity in exchange for testimony. Federal District Court judge Harry W. Wellford heard the case with the trial ending with a conviction. This was the first time that an actor had been prosecuted by the federal government on obscenity charges (Lenny Bruce had been prosecuted in the 1960s by local authorities). On appeal, Reems was represented by Alan Dershowitz, and his conviction was overturned: the Miller test (the three-pronged standard from the U.S. Supreme Court's 1973 decision in Miller v. California that determines what constitutes obscenity) had been applied in his case. The Federal Bureau of Investigation case known as "Miporn" convicted and sentenced, on April 30, 1977, Michael Cherubino to five months' imprisonment and fined $4,000, Anthony Novello to six months' imprisonment, Joseph Peraino Sr. to one year's imprisonment and fined $10,000 (including a $10,000 fine to his company, Plymouth Distributors Inc.), Louis Peraino to one year's imprisonment and fined $10,000 (including a $10,000 fine to each of his two companies, Bryanston Distributors Inc. and Gerard Damiano Productions Inc.), Anthony Battista to four months' imprisonment and fined $4,000, Carl Carter to six months' imprisonment and fined $6,500, Mel Friedman to nine months' imprisonment and fined $7,500, and Mario Desalvo to three months' imprisonment and fined $3,500.
In January 1982, Joseph Peraino Sr., who was convicted in Miami on December 6, 1981, of six counts of interstate shipments of pornography, was the target of a shooting that left him injured, and his son Joseph Peraino Jr., dead.
In 1983, New Line Cinema acquired the distribution rights from Bryanston and gave the producers a larger share of the profits.
References
Entertainment companies established in 1972
Entertainment companies disestablished in 1976
Film distributors of the United States
1972 establishments in the United States
1976 disestablishments in the United States
A hex editor (or binary file editor or byte editor) is a computer program that allows for manipulation of the fundamental binary data that constitutes a computer file. The name 'hex' comes from 'hexadecimal', a standard numerical format for representing binary data. A typical computer file occupies multiple areas on the storage medium, whose contents are combined to form the file. Hex editors that are designed to parse and edit sector data from the physical segments of floppy or hard disks are sometimes called sector editors or disk editors.
Details
With a hex editor, a user can see or edit the raw and exact contents of a file, as opposed to the interpretation of the same content that other, higher level application software may associate with the file format. For example, this could be raw image data, in contrast to the way image editing software would interpret and show the same file.
Hex editors may be used to correct data corrupted by system or application program problems where it may not be worthwhile to write a special program to make the corrections. They are useful to bypass application edit checks which may prevent correction of erroneous data. They have been used to "patch" executable programs to change or add a few instructions as an alternative to recompilation. Program fixes for IBM mainframe systems are sometimes distributed as patches rather than distributing a complete copy of the affected program.
In most hex editor applications, the data of the computer file is represented as hexadecimal values grouped in 4 groups of 4 bytes (or two groups of 8 bytes), followed by one group of 16 printable ASCII characters which correspond to each pair of hex values (each byte). Non-printable ASCII characters (e.g., Bell) and characters that would take more than one character space (e.g., tab) are typically represented by a dot (".") in the following ASCII field.
Size limits
Unlike conventional text editors, Hex editors are able to efficiently handle files with indefinite sizes, as only a portion of the file is loaded while browsing it and modified when saving it, rather than the entire file at once.
Early history
Since the invention of computers and their different uses, a variety of file formats has been created. In some special circumstances it was convenient to be able to access the data as a series of raw digits. A program called SUPERZAP (AMASPZAP) was available for IBM OS/360 systems which could edit raw disk records and also understood the format of executable files. Pairs of hexadecimal digits (each pair can represent a byte) are the current standard, because the vast majority of machines and file formats in use today handle data in units or groups of 8-bit bytes. Hexadecimal and also octal are common because these digits allow one to see which bits in a byte are set. Today, decimal instead of hexadecimal representation is becoming a popular second option due to the more familiar number base and additional helper tools, such as template systems and data inspectors, that reduce the benefits of the hexadecimal numerical format.
Template systems
Some hex editors offer a template system that can present the sequence of bytes of a binary file in a structured way, covering part or all of the desired file format. Usually the GUI for a template is a separate tool window next to the main hex editor. Some cheat engine systems consist only of such a template GUI.
Typically, a template is represented as a list of labeled text boxes, such that individual values of a file can be easily edited in the appropriate format (e.g., as string, color, or decimal number). Without template support, it is necessary to find the right offset in a file where the value that is to be changed is stored. Also, raw hex editing may require conversion from hexadecimal to decimal, catering for byte order, or other data type conversion peculiarities.
Templates can be stored as files, thereby exchanged by users, and are often shared publicly over the manufacturer's website. Most if not all hex editors define their own template file format; there is no trend to support a standard or even compatibility between the various formats out in the wild.
Scripting systems
Advanced hex editors have scripting systems that let the user create macro like functionality as a sequence of user interface commands for automating common tasks. This can be used for providing scripts that automatically patch files (e.g., game cheating, modding, or product fixes provided by community) or to write more complex/intelligent templates.
Scripting languages vary widely, often being product specific languages resembling MS-DOS batch files, to systems that support fully-fledged scripting languages such as Lua or Python.
Plugin systems
A few select editors have a plugin system that allows to extend the GUI and add new functionality, usually loading dynamic link libraries written in a C-compatible language.
See also
Comparison of hex editors
Disk editor
Hex dump
Hexadecimal
Octal
References
Computer data
Hexadecimal numeral system
Utility software types
J. Kenneth Lee (1923-2018) was a prominent civil rights attorney and one of the first black students to attend the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's School of Law. Lee was one of four black students who joined a lawsuit in 1949 that would lead to the desegregation of the UNC School of Law.
Lee and fellow plaintiffs were represented by Thurgood Marshall in the lawsuit. Marshall was the director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund at the time of the suit and would later become an associate justice of the United States Supreme Court.
In June 1951, Lee and four others — Harvey Beech, James Lassiter, Floyd McKissick and James Robert Walker — enrolled at the UNC School of Law, according to the university. They were the first black students to be admitted in the history of the law school, according to the university.
Lee helped to open doors for others who followed him into the law profession in that state. He was legal counsel for over seventeen hundred civil rights lawsuits, including suits to integrate public elementary and secondary schools in North Carolina, and he defended students who began the sit-in movement in Greensboro. In addition to his civil rights activities, he was a businessman who founded or helped to establish shopping centers, a nursing facility, rental and commercial property enterprises, and the state's first federally chartered savings and loan association.
References
North Carolina lawyers
American civil rights activists
20th-century American lawyers
Sayyidah Zaynab (; meaning "Lady Zaynab"), commonly known as Sitt Zaynab (), is a town in the Rif Dimashq Governorate of Syria, south of Damascus, the national capital. With a population of 136,427 (2004 census), it is the 10th most populous city in Syria and the most populous satellite city of Damascus. Administratively, the town is located in Markaz Rif Dimashq district and belongs to the nahiyah ("subdistrict") of Babbila. The municipality of Sayyidah Zaynab is still considered as a rural community by the governorate of Rif Dimashq. The city contains the Qabr Essit Palestinian refugee camp.
Etymology
The name of the town is derived from the shrine that contains the grave of Zaynab, daughter of ‘Alī and Fātimah and granddaughter of Muhammad. It is believed by Shī‘a Muslims that the Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque is the authentic burial place of Lady Zaynab, whereas the mosque in Cairo by the same name belongs to Zaynab bint Yahya bint Zayd bint ‘Alī Zayn al-‘Ābidīn (i.e. the great granddaughter of the Imam).
Religious significance
Sayyidah Zaynab is one of the most important destinations for Shī‘a Muslim pilgrims. It has also become an important center of learning in the Shī‘i world.
In the 1980s, during the Iran–Iraq War, as well as during the 1990s, the flow of the visitors increased significantly because the Shī‘a shrines in Iraq were inaccessible. Until 2011, around 1 million tourists visited the town of Sayyidah Zaynab every year.
Shī‘a Muslim pilgrims especially came to the shrine town of Sayyidah Zaynab in order to ask for healing.
Currently, 33 public schools and a number of religious institutions are operating in the town.
Recent history
On September 27, 2008, there was a car bomb attack on the intersection leading up to the mosque, killing 17 people with 17 others wounded.
On June 14, 2012, the town became the target of a suicide car bomb attack where around 14 people were heavily wounded.
Since mid summer 2012 the town has been under attack from armed militants in neighbouring Sunni towns. Many Shia and pro government families were driven out of their homes in southern Damascus and sought refuge in Sayyidah Zaynab. Constant shelling became more frequent in this predominantly Shia town, and rockets landing on random places in the town became common. In January 2013 a mortar shell landed on the Sayyidah Zaynab Shrine causing some damage to one of the minarets. Sayyidah Zaynab was reported to be a pro-government stronghold as of 7 December 2012. on 4 February 2013, it was reported that Sayyidah Zaynab was contested between rebels and hezbollah/iraqis
On January 31, 2016, at least 71 people were killed in a double bomb blast in the Koa sodhda area, near the Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque. At least 40 people were also wounded in the blasts, which were caused by car bombs. The attacks came as delegates from the Syrian government and opposition groups gathered in Geneva for provisional peace talks.
On February 21 2016, at least 134 people were killed and 180+ injured in up to four explosions including a car bomb and two suicide blasts. The Islamic State claimed responsibility.
ISIL claimed responsibility for a bomb blast in June that injured 55 people. SANA reported 12 people killed, while the SOHR said 20 died.
According to the Times of Israel on 21 May 2022, citing a Twitter, account which follows Israeli military activity in Syria, it was alleged that "the strikes targeted sites in the suburb of Sayyidah Zaynab, south of Damascus".
See also
Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque
References
Populated places in Markaz Rif Dimashq District
Cities in Syria
Shia Muslim communities in Syria
The Tenderloin was an entertainment and red-light district in the heart of the New York City borough of Manhattan during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
The area originally ran from 24th Street to 42nd Street and from Fifth Avenue to Seventh Avenue. By the turn of the 20th century, it had expanded northward to 57th or 62nd Street and west to Eighth Avenue, encompassing parts of what is now NoMad, Chelsea, Hell's Kitchen, the Garment District and the Theater District.
Etymology
New York Police Department Captain Alexander S. "Clubber" Williams gave the area its nickname in 1876, when he was transferred to a police precinct in the heart of this district. Referring to the increased number of bribes he would receive for police protection of both legitimate and illegitimate businesses there – especially the many brothels – Williams said, "I've been having chuck steak ever since I've been on the force, and now I'm going to have a bit of tenderloin."
The name became a generic term for a red-light district in an American city; San Francisco, California is among the other cities having a well-known "Tenderloin District".
History
Early in the 19th century, the major vice district had been located in what is now SoHo, called at the time "Hells' Hundred Acres", but as the city grew steadily northward, the theater district along Broadway and the Bowery moved uptown as well, as did the legitimate and illegitimate businesses that were usually connected with show business. For some time, the city's "Rialto" theater district centered on Union Square and 14th Street, but the Fifth Avenue Hotel broke new ground when it opened at 23rd Street and Fifth Avenue in 1859, beginning the expansion of the Union Square Rialto to 23rd Street and Madison Square. By the 1870s, the Fifth Avenue Hotel had many competitors in the area, and where the hotels were, the prostitutes followed.
By the 1880s, the Tenderloin encompassed the largest number of nightclubs, saloons, bordellos, gambling casinos, dance halls, and "clip joints" in New York City, to the extent that one estimate made in 1885 was that half of the buildings in the district were connected with vice. Reformers referred to the area as "Satan's Circus", and one anti-vice crusading minister, the Rev. Thomas De Witt Talmage, denounced the entire city of New York as "the modern Gomorrah" for allowing it to exist.
The clientele of these establishments was not necessarily working-class: one set of seven sisters ran side-by-side brothels in a residential neighborhood on West 25th Street, inviting their upper class customers with engraved invitations. On some nights only gentlemen in formal evening dress were allowed to attend, and the girls of these houses were as socially adept as they were sexually; on Christmas Eve profits were given to charity.
Other well-known venues in the Tenderloin included Koster and Bial's Music Hall at Sixth Avenue and 23rd Street, a concert saloon where inebriated customers could watch the can-can being performed; the Haymarket, a dance hall on Sixth below 30th Street, where rich clients could dance with prostitutes, but not too closely, although they could take them into curtained-off galleries to have discreet sex, and sex exhibitions were on display in the balconies; West 29th Street, which featured an almost uninterrupted row of brothels; and the many gambling dens run by John Daly or the Madison Square Club of Richard A. Canfield on West 26th Street.
The "Main Street" of the district was Broadway between 23rd and 42nd Streets, which was known as "The Line". In the mid-1890s, after the advent of electric lighting, the stretch of Broadway from 23rd Street to 34th Street came to be called "The Great White Way" because of the numerous illuminated advertising signs there. This moniker was transferred to Times Square when the theater district moved uptown.
Eventually, the processes which created the Tenderloin also served to dismantle it. Once again, theaters and hotels began moving uptown, and the brothels and dance halls and so on followed after them. As early as 1906, McAdoo noted that the northern boundary of the district had moved to 62nd Street, and the "New Tenderloin", as he called it, was now bounded by 42nd Street on the south. The movement, he said, "is rapidly depleting the ranks of the sporting vicious element in the Old Tenderloin".
Crime
Crime was also a major aspect of the Tenderloin, which was considered to be the worst crime-ridden area of what was thought to be the most crime-ridden city of the United States. To a certain extent, police corruption kept crime under control as it regularized the financial relationship between the police and the criminals, but the area was too large, and the pickings too easy, for street crime to be managed completely. In 1906, William McAdoo, who was the city's Police Commissioner in 1904 and 1905, wrote that the "Tenderloin [police] precinct, as every one knows, is the most important precinct in New York, if not in the United States, or probably in the world, from the amount of police business done there and from the character of the neighborhood."
Occasionally there would be organized attempts to clean up the Tenderloin, and reformist mayors, such as William Russell Grace and Abram S. Hewitt, would authorize raids on saloons and brothels, even those under the protection of "Clubber" Williams, but the effects were generally temporary: prostitutes would decamp to outlying areas, and return when the latest crusade was over. The net effect of these "shake-ups" or "shake-downs" was simply to drive up the cost of protection afterwards, making Williams even richer – he retired a millionaire – and putting more money into the pockets of Tammany Hall, which was deeply entwined in the graft and corruption connected with the district.
Frustration at this state of affairs led to Anthony Comstock's anti-vice crusade, which operated with Federal authority from the Post Office and with the support of the New York Chamber of Commerce and leading citizens such as J. P. Morgan. Comstock's crusade knew no boundaries – he was as likely to target "smut" in the public libraries as he was sex-for-hire in the Tenderloin – but along with Rev. Talmage, he was able to get state legislation passed banning pool halls, even though they continued to operate openly.
Race riot
Aside from its commercial activities, the Tenderloin was also the home neighborhood for a large part of Manhattan's African American population, especially in the downtown and western portion of the district: Seventh Avenue within the Tenderloin, in fact, became known as the "African Broadway". This was a neighborhood of blacks with middle class aspirations.
In August 1900, an undercover police officer attempted to arrest a black woman for soliciting. The woman's boyfriend intervened and the officer struck him with a club. He then stabbed the officer with a penknife, and ran away. The officer died. At the murdered officer's funeral, police and white gangs attacked African-Americans, and burned their property while other police officers looked on. In defense, black citizens armed themselves and formed the Citizens' Protective League. Their appeals for justice to Mayor Robert A. Van Wyck went unanswered, and the state and the Police Boards did nothing.
In popular culture
The Tenderloin of the early 20th century is described from a police perspective in Behind the Green Lights, the memoirs of Police Captain Cornelius Willemse.
Owen Davis set a series of stories for the Police Gazette in the dance halls and restaurants of the district, and often referred to that section of Broadway running through the district as “The Line”. The stories were later collected as Sketches of Gotham (1906) under the pseudonym "Ike Swift". They chronicled the high jinks and low life of the Tenderloin as it was between the 1890s and World War I in a lively and memorable manner. Swift described the district so:
It may be that you -whoever you are or wherever you are- don't know what it means to go “down the line”. But in New York -in order that we may start right- “The Line” means that part of Broadway where at night the lights burn brightest, and where the mob -swell and otherwise- move back and forth like the ebb and flow of the tide - hunting, hunting, ever on the hunt.
From Twenty-third street to Forty-second, and back again, and you have gone down The Line. Sometimes it costs you nothing for this innocent little amusement; this feast of the eyes; and then again it is liable to cost you a great deal.
It all depends on who you are, and what you are and how easy you are.
And there you are.
The now-lost film Tenderloin was a crime film taking place in the Tenderloin district.
The brothels of the Tenderloin, repeatedly raided by Anthony Comstock's vice squad, were the setting for the 1960 musical Tenderloin by Sheldon Harnick and Jerry Bock, based on a novel by Samuel Hopkins Adams
The Tenderloin, at the turn of the 20th century, is the setting for one of author Victoria Thompson's Gaslight Mysteries, Murder on Sisters' Row.
The Cinemax television series The Knick featured the 1900 race riot in the season one episode "Get the Rope".
The Ubisoft game The Division features an area on the map labeled Tenderloin.
The TNT and Netflix series The Alienist centres on crimes committed in or linked to The Tenderloin. The series is based loosely on characters created by Caleb Carr in the novel of the same title.
See also
John W. Goff
Lexow Committee
Charles Henry Parkhurst
Tammany Hall
Tenderloin, San Francisco
Red-light district
Pennsylvania Station (1910–1963), razed 2 full blocks to construct, from Seventh Avenue to Eighth Avenue and 31st to 33rd Streets.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Origin of name
New York City Police Dept. activities: cells in new Tenderloin station - Bain News Service - loc.gov
Tenderloin - The Bowery Boys: New York City History
The Tenderloin, a red-light district that flourished between the Civil War and WWI - Manhattan Unlocked
Tenderloin, the musical
"Tenderloin" from Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance, Vol. 2, Book R.
Historical red-light districts in the United States
Neighborhoods in Manhattan
Race riots
Prostitution in New York (state)
African-American history in New York City
Former New York City neighborhoods
The Digos River is a river in the city of Digos in Davao del Sur province of the Philippines, flowing into the Davao Gulf.
Rivers of the Philippines
The Beginning of Times is the tenth studio album by Finnish metal band Amorphis, released on 25 May 2011 in Finland, 27 May in Europe and 7 June in the United States. Like previous Amorphis albums, The Beginning of Times, is a concept album. The central character of the songs is Väinämöinen, described by the band as "the iconic hero of Finnish mythology".
Release
Singles
On 11 April 2011, Amorphis premiered the first single "You Need" on their Facebook page. It was released digitally in Finland on 20 April 2011, and in other countries on 22 April 2011. Early the next month, the band released another new song, "My Enemy", again on Facebook.
Reception
The Beginning of Times had a strong sales debut week, charting at No. 1 on the Finnish Albums Chart and No. 16 on the German Media Control Charts.
In a professional review for PopMatters, Adrien Begrand praised the album, going so far as to say that Amorphis have never sounded better with their current line-up and describes the album as "a slick, classy blend of death metal and melodic hard rock". Amateur reviews have also been positive, with Craig Hartranft of DangerDog proclaiming "The Beginning of Times finds Amorphis in grand form, doing what they do best".
Track listing
Personnel
Amorphis
Tomi Joutsen – vocals
Esa Holopainen – lead guitar
Tomi Koivusaari – rhythm guitar
Niclas Etelävuori – bass guitar
Santeri Kallio – keyboards; synthesizers; piano; organ
Jan Rechberger – drums
Additional personnel
Savotta Choir – additional male vocals
Netta Dahlberg – additional female vocals
Iikka Kahri – flute, clarinet & saxophone
Marko Hietala - vocals production
Mikko Karmila - mixing
Travis Smith - cover art
Pekka Kainulainen - lyrics
Additional personnel 2
Erkki Virta - lyric translation
Sami Koivisto - engineering
Thomas Ewerhard - layout
Svante Forsbäck - mastering
Stefan de Batselier - photography
Charts
References
2011 albums
Amorphis albums
Albums with cover art by Travis Smith (artist)
Music based on the Kalevala
The sibilant sirystes (Sirystes sibilator) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It was formerly considered conspecific with the western sirystes, the white-rumped sirystes, and Todd's sirystes.
Distribution and habitat
It is found from northwestern Brazil to northeastern Argentina. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
sibilant sirystes
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
sibilant sirystes
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rusty Russell was the coach of the Southern Methodist University's football team from 1950 to 1952. He compiled a 13–15–2 record, and was succeeded by Woody Woodard.
1950
1951
1952
References
SMU Mustangs football seasons
The Hundred of Auld, is a hundred in the County of Chandos, South Australia.
History
The traditional owners of the Hundred of Auld are the Ngargad Australian Aboriginal tribes. The hundred was founded in 1912.
References
Auld
Parmeniskos group is a conventional term distinguished by Virginia R. Grace (1956) to describe a type of pottery (amphorae) produced in Macedon during the 3rd century BC. The capital of Pella appears to be the center for this group's production. Amphorae of this type were spread over the northern Aegean, Corinth, Troy and the Black Sea.
The group included the following potters:
References
Pella ~ 300–200 BC Epigraphical Database SEG 50:613,1 till 50:614,2
Google Parmeniskos group
Ancient Greek potters
Ancient Macedonian artists
3rd-century BC Macedonians
Clifford Hall may refer to:
Clifford Hall (cricketer) (1902–1982), English cricketer
Clifford Hall (painter) (1904–1973), British painter
Alt Rosenthal station is a railway station in the municipality of Vierlinden in the Märkisch-Oderland district of Brandenburg, Germany.
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1954
Buildings and structures in Märkisch-Oderland
Believe Me may refer to:
"Believe Me", a song by American group, The Royal Teens, 1959
"Believe Me" (Fort Minor song), 2005
"Believe Me" (The Guess Who song), 1966
"Believe Me" (Lil Wayne song), 2014
"Believe Me" (Melody song), 2004
"Believe Me" (Usher song), 2014
"Believe Me" (Yulia Savicheva song), 2004
Believe Me (film), 2014 film
"Believe Me", a song by Fleetwood Mac from the Rumours sessions
"Believe Me", a song by the Beastie Boys from Aglio e Olio
"Believe Me", a song by Ellie Goulding on the album Bright Lights
"Believe Me", a song by Seabird from Rocks into Rivers
See also
Believe Me, If All Those Endearing Young Charms
Vladimir Vladimirovich Leonov (; born 26 April 1987) is a Russian professional motorcycle racer. He has competed in the 250cc World Championship, the Moto2 World Championship and the Supersport World Championship. Leonov was the first Russian to achieve a podium finish in the latter category, a third place in rainy conditions in the 2012 Assen round.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Donetsk, Russia
Russian motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Rostov Oblast
Weibern is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
The Bulletin de la Société de Pathologie Exotique was a multi-disciplinary French-language journal specializing in tropical diseases, and it accepted manuscripts not only from physicians, but also from biologists, veterinarians, social scientists and other researchers.
It was founded in 1908 by Alphonse Laveran, who discovered the cause of malaria to be a protozoan parasite, and the journal was published by the Société de pathologie exotique.
In 2021, the society behind the journal renamed itself to Société francophone de médecine tropicale et santé internationale (Francophone Society of Tropical Medicine and International Health, SFMTSI), and the journal also received a new name, Médecine Tropicale et Santé Internationale. The new journal is only published online, and its content is freely available under the CC-BY license.
Sources
Weblinks
Bulletin de la Société de Pathologie Exotique (archive)
Médecine tropicale et santé internationale
Tropical medicine and hygiene journals
ISMI may refer to one of the following
income support mortgage interest, social benefit in the UK to pay the mortgage interest
Isotopic Solutions for Medicine and Industry Limited
Institute for the Study of Modern Israel
Institute for the Study of Man, Inc.
International Sematech Manufacturing Initiative
Ismi, a German exonym for a Hungarian place Izmény
The Jodhpur State Railway (JSR) was formed in 1924 and took over responsibility for working the Jodhpur section of the Jodhpur–Bikaner Railway, and the British section of the Jodhpur-Hyderabad Railway.
History
Predecessors
Earlier named the Jodhpur Railway the first section opened as a metre gauge line in 1882, later becoming the Jodhpur–Bikaner Railway (JBR) in 1889. In 1908 the JBR operated in the territories of Sind (under British control) and the States of Jodhpur and Bikaner. By 1918 the ‘JBR System' had expanded to , of its own track and which the JBR operated under agreements with other railways. A further were sanctioned or under construction by JBR in 1918.
Creation of the Jodhpur State Railway
In 1924, the JBR was divided into two new systems, the Jodhpur State Railway (JSR) and Bikaner State Railway (BSR) formed to take over responsibility for working the railway. The JSR taking the Jodhpur Section of the Jodhpur–Bikaner Railway, together with the Jodhpur-Hyderabad Railway (British Section). The exact mileage comprising the Jodhpur section is not known but in 1918 it was plus of the Jodhpur-Hyderabad Railway (British Section).
Writing critically in 1929 about third class travelling, Mahatma Gandhi condemned the latrines in JSR carriages as being "absolutely intolerable, insanitary and unfit for human use. The State railways should really be a model to the British system; whereas the actual state of things is the other way."
In 1936-37, the route mileage for the JSR had expanded to . They were also operating the British section of the Jodhpur–Hyderabad Railway (British Section), expanded to and also the long Mirpur Khas–Khadro Railway. All these were metre gauge lines.
In 1947, the British section of the Jodhpur-Hyderabad Railway and the western portions of Jodhpur State Railway and Bikaner State Railway was ceded to the government of Pakistan becoming part of Pakistan Railways. The remaining portions of the Jodhpur State Railway and the Bikaner State Railway became part of the Northern Division of Indian Railways in 1952.
Rolling stock
In 1936, the company owned 107 locomotives, 243 coaches and 2611 goods wagons.
Conversion to broad gauge
The network was converted to broad gauge progressively in the 2000s and 2010s.
References
Transport in Jodhpur
Defunct railway companies of India
Metre gauge railways in India
Rail transport in Rajasthan
History of Rajasthan
is a Japanese business leader and politician. He served in the House of Representatives of Japan and was the minister of justice from 1998 to 1999.
Career
Nakamura was a business leader. He served in the lower house of the Japanese Diet. He also held the positions of state minister for the environment agency and parliamentary vice-minister for finance.
He was appointed justice minister in the cabinet led by Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi on 30 July 1998. Nakamura replaced Kokichi Shimoinaba as justice minister. Nakamura's term ended on 8 March 1999 when he resigned from office over the controversy sparked when Arnold Schwarzenegger was allowed to enter Japan without a passport in October 1998. Takao Jinnouchi became justice minister on 8 March 1999, replacing Nakamura in the post.
Personal life
Nakamura was among the richest members of the lower house and was ranked fourth with assets worth about 1.5 billion yen in 2000.
References
External links
20th-century Japanese politicians
1934 births
Japanese defense ministers
Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) politicians
Living people
Members of the House of Representatives (Japan)
Ministers of Justice of Japan
"Singularity" is the thirty-fifth episode (production #209) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the ninth of the second season. The science fiction episode is set in the 22nd century of the Star Trek universe, where the NX-01 Enterprise with Captain Archer is exploring space.
The crew obsess over trivial matters when they explore a black hole in a trinary star system and succumb to its radiation.
Plot
It is August 14, 2152, and Enterprise decides to explore a unique black hole nestled within a trinary star system. Cruising at impulse, it will take a few days to get there, freeing the crew up for other activities. Captain Archer uses the chance to work on the preface for a book about his father, and also asks Commander Tucker to look at the Captain's chair on the bridge. Meanwhile, Ensign Sato volunteers to help in the galley, Lieutenant Reed begins works on some new ship wide security protocols, and Doctor Phlox examines Ensign Mayweather's headache.
Over the next few days the crew starts obsessing about their selected tasks. Their behavior is also affecting their interactions — Reed and Tucker nearly come to blows, and Phlox sedates a frustrated and non-consenting Mayweather to perform an invasive medical test. The situation becomes so acute that Sub-Commander T'Pol, who remains unaffected, easily notices that everyone else is behaving oddly. Her investigation into the cause reveals that a peculiar form of radiation emitted from the black hole is the underlying cause. It will take two days to reverse course and leave the radiation field, and while she was determining this, everyone else on board has fallen unconscious.
There is an alternate path, but it will require piloting Enterprise closer to the dangerous black hole and she cannot navigate the treacherous field and pilot at the same time. T'Pol rouses the groggy captain with a cold shower and hot coffee, enough that he is able to man the helm. His ability to fly is sluggish, and as they near the exit, a large crumbling asteroid blocks Enterprise's path. Reed's obsession created an automatic "Tactical Alert" that automatically kicks in and brings all defensive systems fully online, thus allowing T'Pol to blast the asteroids with the fully charged phase cannon. Once clear, things on-board soon return to normal, with the exception of the captain's improved chair and Reed's newly proven security protocol.
Reception
"Singularity" was first broadcast November 20, 2002 on UPN. According to Nielsen it was watched by 4.83 million viewers.
In 2015, Geek.com rated this episode as having one of the top 35 moments in all of Star Trek, the genesis of Star Trek'''s "red alert".Den of Geek recommended this episode and "Affliction" as important for character Reed.
In 2021, The Digital Fix said this episode was "entertaining", and one of the "good episodes" from season two.
In his 2022 rewatch, Keith DeCandido of Tor.com gave it 7 out of 10.
Home media release
This episode was released for home media use on DVD as part of the second series box set of Star Trek: Enterprise''. Season Two was released on Blu-ray Disc August 20, 2013.
References
External links
Star Trek: Enterprise (season 2) episodes
2002 American television episodes
was a prominent Japanese master of aikido. He was the son of Morihei Ueshiba, founder of aikido, and became the international leader of aikido after his father's death.
Early life
Ueshiba was born on June 27, 1921, in the city of Ayabe, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. He was the third son and fourth child of Morihei Ueshiba and Hatsu Ueshiba (née Itokawa). Ueshiba began training under his father around 1937.
Aikido career
In 1942, while he was still studying at Waseda University, Morihei Ueshiba (who was retiring to Iwama) appointed him the head of the Kobukan Dojo in Shinjuku, Tokyo. He saved the dojo from fire bombing several times during the World War II. Ueshiba graduated from Waseda University, Faculty of Economics and Political Science with a degree in economics in 1946.
Speaking about the period just after World War II, Moriteru Ueshiba said, "there was not yet much activity at the Hombu Dojo. For a time my father [Kisshomaru Ueshiba] was actually in Iwama instead ... starting around 1949, he worked for about seven years at a company called Osaka Shoji. He had no other choice. Even if you have a dojo, you can't make a living if nobody is coming to train, which was largely the case after the war. So, he took a job as an ordinary company employee during the day and taught only in the mornings and evenings."
Beginning in 1948, Ueshiba oversaw the development of the Aikikai Honbu organization (and eventually the tearing down of the Kobukan Dojo in 1967 to construct the Aikikai headquarters). In 1952, Ueshiba became a founding member and appointed head of the Aikido Division of the Kokusai Budoin (International Martial Arts Federation) by Prince Kaya Tsunenori to help spread aikido worldwide. In 1969, Kisshomaru Ueshiba assumed the title of Doshu with the passing of the Founder.
Later life
After Morihei Ueshiba's death in 1969, Kisshomaru Ueshiba took on the mantle of Doshu (hereditary head). In 1986, in recognition of his contributions to the public good through the development and growth of Aikido, Kisshomaru Ueshiba received the Medal of Honor with Blue Ribbon from the Japanese Government. In 1990, In recognition of his distinguished services and contributions to cultural exchange between France and Japan, Ueshiba received a gold medal Sports Merit award from the French government. This is the first time a Japanese citizen has received this medal. In 1995, Ueshiba received the Third Order of the Sacred Treasure Award from the Japanese government. By 1998, Ueshiba's health had declined and this necessitated visits to hospital.
Ueshiba died around 5:30 PM on January 4, 1999, in a Tokyo hospital. The cause of death was respiratory failure. As his father was the first Doshu, he was the second Doshu, and after his death, his son Moriteru Ueshiba became the third Doshu, following the iemoto system.
Publications
Kisshomaru Ueshiba, A Life in Aikido: The Biography of Founder Morihei Ueshiba (2008), Kodansha International,
Kisshomaru Ueshiba, The Art of Aikido: Principles and Essential Techniques (2004) Kodansha International,
Kisshomaru Ueshiba, Best Aikido: The Fundamentals (2002) Kodansha International,
Kisshomaru Ueshiba, The Spirit of Aikido (1987), Kodansha International,
Kisshomaru Ueshiba, Aikido (1985), Japan Publications Trading,
References
1921 births
1999 deaths
Japanese aikidoka
Martial arts writers
People from Kyoto Prefecture
People from Tokyo
Waseda University alumni
Imjonseong Fortress () is a historic site located in Yesan County, South Chungcheong Province, South Korea. It is designated on January 21, 1963 under number 90.
The fortress was built by Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea, as an outpost, presumably against the invasion of Goguryeo. It was located at the top of the mountain and was surrounded by a thick wall reinforced by stone. The circumference of the wall was approximately .
Currently, only remains of two gates, of a well, and of an unidentified building are present on the site.
References
Historic Sites of South Korea
Castles in South Korea
Yesan County
The Confederation of Workers of Colombia (Spanish: Confederación de Trabajadores de Colombia, CTC) is a trade union centre in Colombia. It was formed in 1936, and is affiliated to the International Trade Union Confederation.
In 1976 José Raquel Mercado, a former president of CTC, was assassinated by the M-19 movement.
References
Trade unions in Colombia
International Trade Union Confederation
Trade unions established in 1936
George Powell may refer to:
George Powell (MP) (fl. 1597), for Downton
George Powell (playwright) (1668–1714), London actor and playwright
George Gabriel Powell (1710–1779), acting governor of St Helena, and politician in South Carolina
George Powell (sealer) (1794–1824), English seal hunter and Antarctic explorer
George Powell (collector) (1842–1882), British translator of Icelandic literature and owner of the Nanteos Cup
George Powell (golfer) (1869-1927), American golfer
George Henry Powell (1880–1951), British songwriter
George Howell (soldier) (1893–1964), Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross
Gap Powell (George A. Powell, 1898–1989), American football player for Oregon State University
George Powell (Australian cricketer) (1918–1994), Australian cricketer
George Powell (Jamaican cricketer) (born 1955), Jamaican cricketer
George Powell (footballer) (1924–1989), footballer with QPR
George Powell (musician), member of the American band Pure Prairie League
George B. Powell (1900–1967), American football coach
George Powell (British Army officer) (1883–1961), British Army officer and MP
See also
George Baden-Powell (1847–1898), British Member of Parliament and Arctic explorer
George Powell-Shedden (1916–1994), Royal Air Force pilot, United Kingdom
Mission Estate Winery is New Zealand's oldest surviving winemaking concern, first established in the Hawke's Bay in 1851 by French Catholic Marist missionaries for producing sacramental wine. It is one of the largest wineries in the Hawke's Bay and remains wholly New Zealand owned.
History
Marist missionaries, in order to make sacramental wine, were the first to introduce viticulture to the Hawke's Bay Region, planting the first vineyards in 1851 at the original mission station in Pakowhai. The mission moved north to Meeanee in 1858, taking its cottage with it using steam-powered traction engines, and subsequently building residence halls, a school, and St Mary's Church (built 1863). More vineyards were planted at Meeanee, and the mission recorded its first commercial sale of wines in 1870. In 1880 the mission built its seminary building at Meeanee, the two-storey (French, "the grand house"), and purchased a large plot of land nearby in Taradale in 1897, where more vineyards were planted. The vines were tended by travelling from Meeanee, however disastrous flooding in 1909 prompted the mission to move its operations to the Taradale location. In 1911 the wooden La Grande Maison building was sawn into 11 separate pieces and transported to its current location over two days, using traction engines. The 1931 Hawke's Bay earthquake caused extensive damage to the region and the mission estate, including the loss of nine lives when the stone chapel was destroyed.
The early 21st century saw Mission Estate undergo considerable expansion, mirroring the overall expansion of the New Zealand wine industry. New buildings and facilities at Mission Estate were opened in 2007, greatly increasing its wine production capacity. In 2012, Mission Estate purchased of Marlborough vineyards after the 2008 Financial Crisis forced Cape Campbell Wines, the former owner of the land, into receivership. In 2017, Mission Estate took over ownership of founding Bridge Pa Triangle winery Ngatarawa Wines when its owners, Alwyn and Brian Corban (whose family established the Corbans winery), reached retirement age.
Concerts
Following the death of Michael Jackson in 2009, Mission Estate Winery announced their hosting of The Motown Event; a concert featuring various artists of the Motown music era, to take place on February 13th 2010. Featuring various artists such as Jimmy Barnes, The Temptations, The Four Tops, Joan Osborne and Martha Reeves, the concert sold out and was a critical and financial success.
Following this concert, Mission Estate has garnered a positive reputation as a hosting venue, and has since hosted many other high profile musicians. These include Sting (2011), Sir Rod Stewart (2012/2019/2022), Ben Harper (2016), Dixie Chicks (2017), Avalanche City (2017), Phil Collins (2019), Michael Buble (2020), and Sir Elton John (2020).
Robbie Williams is scheduled to headline at Mission Estate on November 11th, 2023.
References
Wineries of New Zealand
Bikaner State was a princely state in the Rajputana from 1465 to 1947. The founder of the state, Rao Bika, was the eldest son of Rao Jodha, ruler of Jodhpur. Rao Bika chose to build his own kingdom instead of inheriting his father's. Bika defeated the Jat clans of Jangladesh along with his uncle Rao Kandhal and his adviser Vikramji Rajpurohit and founded his own kingdom. Its capital was the city of Bikaner in the northern area of present-day Rajasthan State in India. Karni Mata has been designated as the kuldevi of the Royal family of Bikaner.
The state was noted for the Bikaner style of painting.
Covering an area of , Bikaner State was the second largest state under the Rajputana Agency after Jodhpur State with a revenue of Rs.26,00,000 in 1901. Heeding the 1947 call of Vallabhbhai Patel to integrate the princely states into the new independent India, Bikaner's last king, Maharaja Sadul Singh, advised by his dewan K. M. Panikkar, a respected historian, was one of the first rulers of a princely state to display willingness to join the Indian Union. By issuing a public appeal in April 1947 to his fellow princes to join the Constituent Assembly of India, the Maharaja of Bikaner set an example for other heads of the native states to follow.
History
The state of Bikaner was founded in 1465. It became a British protectorate on 9 March 1818. They were accorded a 17 gun salute by the British authorities. By the time of Indian Independence, the territory of the state of Bikaner shared a border with Pakistan. The accession to the Indian Union was signed by the Maharaja on 7 August 1947.
Rulers
The rulers were Rathor Rajputs. Related to the ruling family of Jodhpur.
Rao/Raja's
1465 – 1504 Rao Bika
1504 – 1505 Rao Nar Singh (Naro)
1505 – 1526 Rao Lunkaran
1526 – 1542 Rao Jait Singh
1542 – 1571 Rao Kalyan Mal (acknowledged the suzerainty of Emperor Akbar)
1571 – 1612 Rao / Raja Rai Singh I (Important General in the Mughal army. Given title of Raja. From 1585 to 1594 he was employed in the Deccan by Emperor Akbar, where he was Subedar of Burhanpur)
1612 – 1613 Raja Dalpat (Sur Singh revolted against his elder brother Dalpat and killed him along with his guards with the consent of Emperor Jahangir)
1613 – 1631 Raja Sur Singh
1631 – 1667 Raja Karan Singh (deposed by Aurangzeb and exiled to Karanapura in the Deccan)
1667 – 1669 Interregna
Maharaja's
1669 – 1698 Maharaja Anup Singh (First to be granted title of Maharaja by Emperor Aurangzeb)
19 Jun 1698 – 15 December 1700: Maharaja Sarup Singh (b. 1689 – d. 1700)
15 Dec 1700 – 16 December 1735: Maharaja Sujan Singh (b. 1690 – d. 1735)
16 Dec 1735 – 15 May 1746: Maharaja Zorawar Singh (b. 1713 – d. 1746)
15 May 1746 – 25 March 1787: Maharaja Gaj Singh (b. 1723 – d. 1787)
25 Mar 1787 – 25 April 1787: Maharaja Raj Singh II (b. 1744 – d. 1787)
25 Apr 1787 – 9 October 1787: Maharaja Pratap Singh (b. 1781 – d. 1787)
25 Apr 1787 – 25 March 1828: Maharaja Surat Singh (Regent to 9 October 1787) (b. 1766 – d. 1828)
25 Mar 1828 – 7 August 1851: Maharaja Ratan Singh (b. 1790 – d. 1851)
7 August 1851 – 16 May 1872: Maharaja Sardar Sungh (b. 1818 – d. 1872)
16 May 1872 – 19 August 1887: Maharaja Dungar Singh (b. 1854 – d. 1887)
19 Aug 1887 – 2 February 1943: Maharaja Ganga Singh (b. 1880 – d. 1943) (from 24 July 1901, Sir Ganga Singh)
19 Aug 1887 – 16 December 1898: the British Political Agents-Regent
2 February 1943 – 15 August 1950: Maharaja Sadul Singh (b. 1902 – d. 1950) (from 1 January 1946, Sir Sadul Singh)
Titular Rulers
1950 – 1971 Maharaja Karni Singh (Privy purses were withdrawn in 1971 and post & titles were also withdrawn)
1988-present Maharajah Narendra Singh Bahadur
Dewans
The Dewans and Chief Ministers of the state were:
1460–1465 Bothra Bachhraj (Mantri-Dewan / Jodhpur) / Rao Jodha
1465–1505 Bothra Bachhraj (Founding Dewan / Bikaner) / Rao Bika
1504–1526 Karam Singh Bothra Bachhawat (Descendants of Bachhraj were known as Bachhawats) / Rao Nar Singh and Rao Lunkaran
1526–1535 Var Singh Bothra Bachhawat / Rao Jait Singh
1535–1542 Nagraj Bothra Bachhawat / Rao Jait Singh and Rao Kalyan Mal
1542–1571 Sangram Singh Bothra Bachhawat / Rao Kalyan Mal
1571–1591 Mehta Karam Chand bothra Bachhawat (Title of Mehta granted by Emperor Akbar) / Rao Kalyan Mal and Raja Rai Singh
1619–1620 Mehta Bhag Chand Bothra Bachhawat / Raja Sur Singh
1619–1620 Mehta Lakshmi Chand Bothra Bachhawat / Raja Sur Singh
17.. – 26 February 1733: Anand Ram Khawas (d. 1733)
1735 – Feb 1751: Mohata Bakhtawar Singh (1st time) (b. 1707 – d. 1779)
Feb 1751 – 1752: Amar Singh Chaturbhujani
1752 – 1756: Mohata Bakhtawar Singh (2nd time) (s.a.)
1756 – Dec 1757: Mohata Prithvi Singh
1757 – 1762: Mohata Bakhtawar Singh (3rd time) (s.a.)
1762 – Sep 1765: Shah Mool Chand Bardiya
Sep 1765 – 1779: Mohata Bakhtawar Singh (4th time) (s.a.)
1779 – 178.: Mohata Swaroop Singh
178. – 1787: Mohata Thakursi
1787 – 1791: Mohata Madho Rai
1791 – 1794: Pratap Mal Baid
1794 – 1805: Mohata Rao Sahib Singh Gun Roop
Apr 1805 – Apr 1815: Amar Chand Surana
Apr 1815 – Feb 1816: Mohata Bhom ji
Feb 1816 – 1828: Abhai Singh Mohta
1828 – 184.: Hindu Mal Baid
c. 1841: Sri Narayan Singh Bhati
1844 – 1852?: Sarana Shri Lakshmichand
1852 – 1853: Guman Singh Baid (1st time)
1853 – 1853: Leeladhar Mohata + Jalam Chand Kochar
1853 – 1854: Lachhi Ram Rakhecha
1854 – 1856: Guman Singh Baid (2nd time)
1856: Pandit Dojainant
1856 – 1863: Ram Lal Dwarkani (1st time)
1864 – 1865: Guman Singh Baid (3rd time)
1865 – 1866: Ram Lal Dwarkani (2nd time)
1866: Man Mal Rakhecha
1866 (3 months): Sheo Lal Nahata
1867 (15 days): Fateh Chand Surana
1867: Ganga Ram Purohit
1867: Shah Mal Kochar
1868: Man Mal Rakhecha
1868: Sheo Lal Mohata
1868: Lakshmi Chand Nahata
Jun 1868 – Aug 1869: Visayat Hussain
Aug 1869 – 13 December 1873: Pandit Manphool
Dec 1873 – 188.: Maharaj Lal Singh
188. – 1884?: Maharao Hari Singh Baid
1884 – 11 October 1888: Amin Muhammad
12 Dec 1888 – 1896: Sodhi Hukam Singh
1896 – 1898: Raghubar Singh Chauhan
1898 – 1903: Hamidu Zafar Khan
1903 – 1916: Post abolished
Chief ministers
1916 – 19..: Shri Bhairon Singh
7 September 1920 – Jan 1925: Prince Kunwar Sardul Singh (s.a.)
Dewans
The post of Dewan was reinstated in 1927.
1927 – 1934: Manubhai Nandshankar Mehta (b. 1868 – d. 1946)
3 October 1932 – 31 October 1934: Ram Prasad Dube (acting)
1 November 1934 – Jan 1936: Maharaj Shri Bhairun Singh
Jan 1936 – Dec 1936: Thakur Sadul Singh
Dec 1936 – 1938?: V.N. Mehta
Dec 1938 – Jul 1939: Kailash Narain Haksar (b. 1878 – d. 1954)
Jul 1939 – 1944?: Sire Mal Bapna (b. 1882 – d. 1964)
1944 – 13 March 1948: Kavalam Madhava Panikkar (b. 1895 – d. 1963)
14 March 1948 – Oct 1948: Kanwar Jaswant Singh
Oct 1948 – 30 March 1949: Cadambi Sheshachar Venkatachar (b. 1899 – d. 1999)
Family tree of the rulers of Bikaner
I. Rao Bikaji, of Bikaner (1438–1504; Rai: 1488; r. 1465–1504)
II.Rao Naroji, of Bikaner (1468–1505; r. 1504–1505)
III.Rao Lunkaraji, of Bikaner (1470–1526; r. 1505–1526)
IV. Rao Jetaji, of Bikaner (1489–1542; r. 1526–1542)
V.Rao Kalyan Mal, of Bikaner (1519–1574; r. 1542–1574)
VI. Rai Singh I, Raja of Bikaner (1541–1612; r. 1574–1612)
VII. Dalpat Singh, Rai of Bikaner (1565–1613; r. 1612–1613)
VIII. Sur Singh, Raja of Bikaner (1594–1631; r. 1613–1631)
IX. Karan Singh, Raja of Bikaner (1616–1669; r. 1631–1667)
X. Anup Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1638–1698; r. 1667–1698; Rao: 1667; Maharaja: 1675)
XI. Sarup Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1689–1700; r. 1698–1700)
XII. Sujjan Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1690–1735; r. 1700–1735)
XIII. Zorawar Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1713–1746; r. 1735–1746)
Anand Singh
XIV. Gaj Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1723–1787; r. 1746–1787)
XV. Raj Singh II, Maharaja of Bikaner (1744–1787; r. 1787)
XVI. Pratap Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1781–1787; r. 1787)
XVII. Surat Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1765–1828; r. 1787–1828)
XVIII. Ratan Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1790–1851; r. 1828–1851)
XIX. Sardar Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1818–1872; r. 1851–1872)
Chhatar Singh (1762–1779)
Dalel Singh
Sagat Singh
Lall Singh (1831–1887)
XX. Dungar Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1854–1887; r. 1872–1887)
XXI. Ganga Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner GCSI, GCIE, GCVO, GBE, KCB (1880–1943; r. 1887–1943)
XXII. Sadul Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner GCSI, GCIE, CVO (1902–1950; r. 1943–1949; titular ruler: 1949–1950)
XXIII. Karni Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1924–1988; titular Maharaja: 1950–1971; family head: 1971–1988)
XXIV. Narendra Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1946–2003; family head: 1988–2003)
Amar Singh (1925-2007)
Chandra Shekhar Singh (b. 1948)
XXV. Ravi Raj Singh, Maharaja of Bikaner (1977-2022; family head: 2003–2022)
See also
Mughal Empire
Maratha Empire
Rajputana
History of Bikaner
Political integration of India
Rajputana Chronicles: Guns and Glories – The thousand-year story of the Bachhawat clan
References
External links
States and territories disestablished in 1947
Princely states of India
History of Bikaner
History of Rajasthan
Rajputs
Rajputana Agency
1465 establishments in Asia
15th-century establishments in India
1947 disestablishments in India
Historical Hindu empires
Rajput princely states
Elisabeth Borchers (27 February 1926 – 25 September 2013) was a German writer and poet.
Life
Borchers was born in Homberg in 1926 and lived during World War II in Alsace. She wrote fiction and poetry and plays. She also wrote for children and translated from French.
Her novel Gedichte (Poems) won the Roswitha von Gandersheim Medal in 1976, an award made to outstanding women writers in German. She worked for publishers until 1998 where she helped the eventual nobel laureate Wislawa Szymborska.
Borchers died in Frankfurt am Main in 2013.
References
1926 births
2013 deaths
People from Duisburg
German women poets
20th-century German poets
20th-century German women writers
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
International tourism advertising is tourism-related marketing on the part of a private or public entity directed towards audiences abroad, and might target potential travelers and non-travelers alike. Wholly private firms such as travel agencies, hotel chains, cruise agencies, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) often run their own advertising campaigns to market their existence, mission, or services and/or goods offered to the consumer, and these advertisements seldom carry intentional political messages.
On the other hand, advertising distributed by governments themselves, such as through tourism ministries or government-owned private sector enterprises, is sometimes intended to convey more than simply the value of the product, service, or experience; governments can use tourism ads as a channel for communicating directly to the public of other countries because tourism is a common and internationally encouraged industry and the advertising of it is subject to minimal content regulation.
As the global travel market continues to expand with yearly increasing flights among international destinations, advertising efforts on the part of the major actors in this market are also increasing. Advertising campaigns to promote travel to destinations abroad are particularly prevalent in western countries where the general public's expenditures on tourism tend to be consistently high, even in light of the economic recession.
Many advertisers, which include both private entities and foreign governments themselves, share the intended goal of increasing their own revenue by popularizing their service (e.g., airline or hotel chain) or destination to boost receipts from travelers; however, some travel campaigns have additional or alternative purposes, such as promoting good public sentiments or improving existing ones towards them among the target audience. Sometimes, states may use the branding of a product or service, itself, as a means of conveying a specific message without explicitly stating the message; this tactic is often used to soften the implied message itself, thus allowing the brander to sidestep or minimize controversy and/or opposition.
Types
Tourism advertising can take many forms, utilize a wide array of advertising tactics, and be driven by a scope of private or public intents. Destination advertising is designed to make a location itself seem more appealing, while travel services advertising seeks to gain an audience's buy-in for the tourism-related service or product. Below are some instances of international tourism advertising overlapping with states' political, economic, and/or social interests.
Destination advertising
A great degree of ads promoting foreign countries are produced and distributed by the tourism ministries of those countries, so these ads often serve as vehicles for political statements and/or depictions of the destination country's desired foreign public perception(s). Following are only a few of the many examples of government-produced tourism destination advertising that also serve political or social functions.
Bahamas
The Bahamas are commonly considered to be a focal point of leisure and recreational travel in the Caribbean and the island nation advertises itself as such. Television ads and website produced by the government of the Bahamas specifically foster the image of the islands providing a care-free, exciting, culturally rich, and even romantic experience for travelers; a recent slogan for the marketing campaign was "It's better in the Bahamas" to reinforce the contrast between the desired perception as a low-stress getaway and the hectic nature of whatever living environment tourists would be leaving behind. The Bahamas have, however, actually traditionally seen high violent crime rates, so the tourism marketing attempts to focus the audience's attention on the azure water and beaches and draw it away from any negative elements of life there. Managing perceptions is a common part of advertising of many consumer products and services, focusing the audience's mind solely on the desirable aspects of whatever is being sold and away from any possible drawbacks or consequences.
India
The common impression of India in the West has long been either negative—including perceptions of widespread poverty, lack of sophisticated hygiene, and violent ethnic and religious clashes—or ambivalent, so the Indian government's Ministry of Tourism began a marketing campaign, "Incredible !ndia," to emphasize the country's rich culture, historic sites, tourist attractions, and general sense of excitement and dynamism to western audiences. Tourism is an extremely lucrative and growing global industry so it is no surprise that India, a developing nation, is striving to capitalize on that market to boost its economy. In addition, India is also looking to strengthen its international security and diplomatic ties while broadening and deepening its trade relationships, especially with the U.S., so it is in India's interest to promote a positive light for itself among the American and western voting populations in order to garner future international support and aid.
Kazakhstan
After the 2006 release of the Sacha Baron Cohen comedy Borat, which depicts a politically incorrect and socially oblivious fictional Kazakhi reporter who travels throughout the United States interviewing and meeting Americans from various walks of life, the government of Kazakhstan was highly offended by the depiction of its less than two-decade-old country and criticized the film and its creator as being defamatory and slanderous. The issue of preserving Kazakhstan's public image in light of the movie was of such high importance that Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev had it listed as a main issue when he traveled to the U.S. in September 2006 to meet with then-President George W. Bush. Coupled with Nazarbeyev's visit, according to Kazakhstan embassy spokesman Roman Vassilenko, the Kazakh government staged a large-scale public relations "blitz," including "running four-page ads in The New York Times and U.S. News and World Report and commercials on CNN and the local ABC affiliate in Washington, D.C.", as well as launching TV ads to promote tourism to Kazakhstan. These travel ads specifically featured cultural and historical features of the country as well as views of its developed infrastructure, specifically to counter the type of impression given by the Borat character to the West that Kazakhstan is socially and physically underdeveloped.
Mexico
Recently in 2010 the Tourism Board of Mexico, a public office that aggregates the resources and interests of the federal, state, and municipal governments, launched a tourism advertising campaign in the United States and Canada—Mexico's two North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) partners—geared towards renovating common public political and social perceptions of Mexico, including impressions of poverty, government and law enforcement corruption, petty and organized crime and drug trading, and illegal immigration into the U.S.; the new campaign's purpose is expressly demonstrated by its marketing slogan, "Mexico, the place you thought you knew." The print and television ads feature views of Mexico's beaches, natural wonders, cultural festivities, and historical artifacts like Mayan pyramids and Spanish churches in order to provide a counterbalance to the less preferable popular preconceptions. The Tourism Board's stated goal of the advertising surge is to "generat[e] more than three [positive] impressions per person" among the North American audience. The eventual goal is likely to increase tourism revenue for the country, but, for now, the Tourism Board is focusing on managing perceptions among the general populations of Mexico's two major neighboring trade partners.
Destination slogans
Many countries use slogans in their international tourism advertising. Destination slogans aim to promote a positive identity for the country. Academic studies of these slogans have identified several common themes such as the physical beauty of the location or the positive experiences travellers can expect to have there.
Travel services advertising
Additionally, a wide range of foreign airlines and travel-related services which also advertise separately from the destinations, themselves, are owned by their respective governments, such as the Emirates airline (Dubai), Qatar Airways (Qatar), China Airlines (Taiwan/Republic of China), and Air China (People's Republic of China).
China Airlines and Air China
China Airlines is the official flag carrier airline of Taiwan. The Taiwanese government refers to its state as the Republic of China and considers itself to be the legitimate, non-Communist leadership-in-exile of all of China since the Communist overthrow in the mid-1950s. The name of the airline carries the message of the long-lasting and ongoing cultural and political conflict between Communist "mainland" China (PRC) and Taiwan, that the Republic of China is the "true" China and that the state commonly referred to as "China" is illegitimate and usurped control of the country from the rightful leadership. Similarly, the PRC counters this message by having named one of its largest international carriers "Air China" to reinforce the PRC's claim to be the legitimate of the "two Chinas." The implicit conflict between the two states is likely lost on the majority of the general public outside the immediate region, such as the United States and Europe, but the strategic use of using advertising and targeting the international community through tourism is apparent on both sides.
Emirates
Through advertising for the Emirates airline, one of the major themes that Dubai promotes is its evolving status as a geographic and economic player in the Middle East. Emirates advertising describes Dubai as "the perfect hub for an expanding global network" and illustrates this claim in the airline's "Centre of the World" television ad. On the other hand, Dubai subtly promotes an official stance of multinationalism and a stated intent to cater to the comfort of travelers from abroad in the Emirates' "Multinational Cabin Crew" television ad. These positions, among others, are portrayed via visually and audibly appealing commercials which are designed to relate to the target audience(s) and make the ads' messages maximally amenable to global viewers. Emirates additionally adds to its effort to appeal to the West through its sponsorship of the Arsenal Football Club, including constructing the team's new venue, Emirates Stadium, which opened in July 2006 and prominently displays the Emirates branding on the exterior; in this way, any depictions of the stadium will result in de facto advertising and reinforce the public recognition of the Emirates company as one that is associated with western sports and culture. In May 2013 three Arsenal players, Kieran Gibbs, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Carl Jenkinson took an A380 flight simulator challenge. Swapping their usual airline passenger seats and stepping into the cockpit, the players attempted to land an A380 in Dubai.
Emirates, along with the aviation services company Dnata, is owned by the parent company The Emirates Group which, in turn, is wholly owned by the Government of Dubai. The chairman and CEO of The Emirates Group, Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al Maktoum, is the younger brother of the former ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Rashid Bin Saeed Al Maktoum, and uncle of the current ruler, Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum. In 1985, Sheikh Ahmed was appointed President of the Dubai Department of Civil Aviation (DCA), the governing body for airline regulation and airport control and operation. The DCA was restructured and expanded in 2007, thus creating the Dubai Civil Aviation Authority (DCAA) which has since been the airline regulatory authority in the Emirate and the Dubai Airports company which owns and operates Dubai's airports, Dubai International and the currently under-construction Dubai World Central – Al Maktoum International. Dubai International (IATA: DXB) is a primary international hub in the Middle East, offering flights to every continent except Antarctica. As of November 2010, DXB is the 6th busiest airport in the world for cargo traffic, and the 14th highest passenger throughput of all international airports.
Sheikh Ahmed currently simultaneously holds the positions of Chairman and CEO of Emirates Airline & Group, which includes the Emirates airline and Dnata air services company, Chairman of the Dubai Airports company, and President of the Dubai Civil Aviation Authority. Because Dubai's government leadership is directly involved and intertwined with private-sector enterprises, including the Emirates airline and many other facets of the tourism industry, the government there necessarily has a vested interest in the public perception of Dubai.
References
External links
Forbes: "Emirates Air: Spoiling for a Fight"
World Economic Forum's "The Travel & Tourism Competitiveness Report 2009
Advertising
Tourism campaigns
The Raptors 905 are a Canadian professional basketball team located in Mississauga, Ontario. The club competes in the NBA G League, and began play in the 2015–16 season. The club, which is the G League affiliate of the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s Toronto Raptors, plays their home games at the Paramount Fine Foods Centre, replacing the Centre's former basketball tenant, the Mississauga Power of the National Basketball League of Canada. The team regularly plays approximately 2-4 home games at the Scotiabank Arena, the home of their parent club, the Toronto Raptors. The Raptors 905 is the eighth NBA G League team to be owned by an NBA team and the first NBA G League team to be located outside of the United States.
The name "905" refers to the local area code of the suburban Greater Toronto Area, and is a common shorthand referring to the suburbs surrounding Toronto.
History
In 2008, Raptors president and general manager Bryan Colangelo said that Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) was considering launching an NBA Development League franchise in the Toronto area within a couple of years to serve as a developmental team for the Raptors. Hamilton's Copps Coliseum and Oshawa were reportedly under consideration to host the franchise. However, a Canadian-based franchise posed difficulties due to tax and visa issues, and Rochester, New York, which is just across the United States border, was considered as an alternative.
In April 2015, Colangelo's replacement Masai Ujiri announced that MLSE's board had approved purchasing a franchise, and that they were in negotiations with the NBA over where the team would play and whether it could be launched in time for the 2015-16 season. In June 2015 it was announced that MLSE had purchased a D-League franchise, which would be named the Raptors 905 and would begin play that fall at the Hershey Centre in Mississauga, Ontario, a suburb of Toronto. The team is named after the area code used by much of suburban Greater Toronto Area. The franchise reportedly cost $6 million. An agreement was negotiated with the Mississauga Power of the National Basketball League of Canada, which held the basketball lease at the Hershey Centre, with the Power folding. The team planned to play some games at Toronto's Air Canada Centre, home of their NBA affiliate the Toronto Raptors.
On July 7, 2015, Jesse Mermuys was hired as head coach and Dan Tolzman as general manager. Mermuys left his position as an assistant coach under Toronto Raptors head coach, Dwane Casey. On July 28, 2015, veteran coach Tim Lewis was named lead assistant coach. On November 4, 2015, Raptors 905 unveiled their new uniforms and an alternate logo.
On June 13, 2016, it was reported that Mermuys would leave the 905 for the LA Lakers, joining them as an assistant coach. In September, the Raptors announced that Jerry Stackhouse would be the head coach of the Raptors 905 team.
In 2016–17, the 905 finished with a 39–11 record (the second best record in G-League history) clinching their first division title and with a record of 21–4 on the road (a D-League record). Stackhouse was awarded the Coach of the Year, while Center Edy Tavares was awarded Defensive Player of the Year. Making their way to the playoffs as the top seed, they swept the Canton Charge in the first round and then swept the Maine Red Claws in the second, clinching their first conference title. In the finals, they met the Western Conference champion Rio Grande Valley Vipers whom they beat in three games and claimed their first title in franchise history. Pascal Siakam was named the Finals MVP after recording 32 and 17 points in Games 2 and 3 respectively.
Season-by-season
Current roster
Alumni
The following players have appeared in the NBA:
Head coaches
Awards
Most Valuable Player
Lorenzo Brown (2018)
Chris Boucher (2019)
Finals MVP
Pascal Siakam (2017)
Defensive Player of the Year
Edy Tavares (2017)
Chris Boucher (2019)
Gary Payton II (2021)
Coach of the Year
Jerry Stackhouse (2017)
All Stars
Ronald Roberts (2016)
Scott Suggs (2016)
Axel Toupane (2016, 2017)
Edy Tavares (2017)
All League teams
Edy Tavares (2017 First team)
Axel Toupane (2017 Third team)
Lorenzo Brown (2018 First team)
Chris Boucher (2019 First Team)
Jordan Loyd (2019 First team)
Henry Ellenson (2021 Second Team)
Malachi Flynn (2021 Second team)
Alize Johnson (2021 Second team)
All Defensive League teams
Edy Tavares (2017)
Chris Boucher (2019)
Gary Payton II (2021)
All Rookie teams
Malachi Flynn (2021)
Slam Dunk Champion
John Jordan (2016)
Jason Collier Sportsmanship Award
Scott Suggs (2016)
Most Improved Player
Axel Toupane (2016)
Executive of the Year
Chad Sanders (2021)
Franchise of the Year
(2019-20)
NBA affiliates
Toronto Raptors (2015–present)
References
External links
2015 establishments in Ontario
Sport in Mississauga
Toronto Raptors
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment
Basketball teams established in 2015
Space City or space city may refer to:
Space City (newspaper), an underground newspaper published in Houston from 1969 to 1972
Space City USA, a planned theme park near Huntsville, Alabama
Houston, Texas or Space City
Titusville, Florida or Space City
Space habitat, a space station intended to provide a permanent home for a large population
See also
Space City Kicks
Space City Sigma
1971 Space City 300
Léonie Geisendorf, née Kaplan (8 April 1914 – 17 March 2016), was a Polish-born, Swedish architect. She lived most of her professional life in Stockholm, Sweden. At the time of her death, she was living in Paris, France.
Education and career
Born in Łódź, Poland, she studied architecture at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich followed by an internship with Le Corbusier, who became a source of inspiration and a mentor. In 1938, after her internship, Geisendorf moved to Sweden and was hired by architects Sven Ivar Lind (1902-1980) and Paul Hedqvist (1895-1977). Counting as her first own work is a proposal for a new office building, drawn together with Ralph Erskine and Curt Laudon (1906-1964).
In 1940, she married Swiss architect Charles-Edouard Geisendorf (1913-1985).
In 1950 Geisendorf and her husband started their own architectural firm, L. & C. E. Geisendorf, in Stockholm with a branch in Zurich.
Together they designed both private and public work. Notable works include Villa Ranängen at Djursholm (1950-1951), Villa Delin (1966) and St. Görans Gymnasium, (1970).
Images
Images, buildings
References
Sources
Geisendorf, Léonie; Gullström Charlie (1990). Arkitektur. Stockholm: Byggförlaget. Libris 7678723.
Daniel A. Walser, Léonie Geisendorf (1914-2016), Nachruf. In: Werk, bauen + wohnen, Nr. 6, 2016, S. 6
External links
KulturNav.org
Obituary - Dagens Nyheter
"In memoriam" from Dagens Nyheter which gives date of death as March 17.
1914 births
2016 deaths
Swedish centenarians
Architects from Warsaw
Polish women architects
Swedish women architects
Polish emigrants to Sweden
20th-century Swedish architects
21st-century Swedish architects
Women centenarians
Polish centenarians
Wojciech Onsorge (born 13 April 1994 in Poznań) is a Polish footballer who plays as a centre-back for Lech Poznań II.
Biography
Playing career
He began his career at a club in Mosina before coming through the ranks at Warta Poznań. He spent his career at Warta until February 2019, when he moved to Elana Toruń. He then went on to play half-a-season with Polonia Środa Wielkopolska in 2020 before joining Lech Poznań's reserve team on 6 February 2021. As an experienced player, his role was to help and mentor the youth and work towards a coaching licence.
Illness
In June 2021, Onsorge fell gravely ill and underwent a head MRI scan; he was subsequently diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour, specifically in the parietal lobe. In order to help fight the life-threatening situation, a fundraiser for his medical costs was started, promoted by both Poznań clubs and the people associated with them.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Poznań
Polish footballers
Association football defenders
Lech Poznań players
Warta Poznań players
Elana Toruń players
Polonia Środa Wielkopolska players
Lech Poznań II players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
IV liga players
Reifferscheid is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde Adenau and is one of the highest points in the High Eifel.
History
The oldest traces of settlement are finds from the early Celtic Protohistory. Reifferscheid was first mentioned in a document from St. Maximin's Abbey in Trier in 975. From 1276, the place belonged to the county of Nürburg and thus to the Electorate of Cologne. A Schultheiß belonging to the electoral office of Nürburg had its seat in Reifferscheid until the end of the 18th century.
Schools
It was recorded first in 1654 that a school has been established in Reifferscheid.
Lately there has been a primary school only, which has been closed in by end of July 2018. The school was closed, due the low number of children attending it. Right before it closed, only 10 children have been in the school in class 1-4.
The children that remained had to change to the school of Antweiler.
There has been an old school-building, which served as a community-building until it was sold lately, it was built in 1897.
Due to the new community-hall "Gemeindehaus Eifelblick" its use became obsolete.
Culture
Like many villages in the rural regions of Germany, Reifferscheid also has a broad variety of unincorporated associations. They contribute a major share to the cultural and public life of the region.
One of them it the "Jungesellenverein Einigkeit", which is a bachelors-club - named "unity", in which only unmarried men are allowed. The founding-date is 1913 and was founded by a group of men, being part of the local choir at that time.
The Junggesellenverein contributes to the public life, as they will put up the Maypole, a decorated tree, in the center of the village during the first of May. Apart from other villages, that perform this task on 30 April, in Reifferscheid is it done on the first of May and by hand only.
It's maypole has been the second-highest in Germany, ranking right behind Berlin in 1936.
This tradition has been only broken once in 2001, where the tree has been such big, that a truck-crane had to support the manual erection for safety reasons.
The local kermis is also organized by the Junggesellenverein and traditionally takes-place at the end of September, celebrating St. Michaels day.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Fidelity Records was an independent record label based in Hillsdale, New Jersey, United States, owned by Jonathan Strauss.
Bands
The Escape Engine
We're All Broken
Race The Sun
Madison
History
Jonathan Strauss launched Fidelity Records out of his New Jersey home in 2003. The label was formed to sign The Escape Engine, whose lead singer was a friend of Strauss's since grade school.
The Escape Engine's debut album success included a video that regularly appeared on the MTV2 music channel, numerous articles and press interviews in national music magazines such as Alternative Press Magazine and CMJ New Music Monthly, performing on 2003's Vans Warped Tour and CMJ Music Marathon, soundtrack credits on Warren Miller's Journey, and songs that appear on several nationally distributed music compilations.
Kevin B. Robbins teamed up with Jonathan in late 2003 and by 2004, the two had added We're All Broken and Race The Sun to the label's roster.
Because of Fidelity Records' success with The Escape Engine, the label came to be known as one of the most perplexing music industry occurrences of 2003; a small label, started by a 20-something from New Jersey with almost no prior record industry experience, who signed a band for their first release and seemingly from out of nowhere the band is a buzz and appearing on MTV.
Although the success was a gift by putting Fidelity on the map, it was just as much a curse as people waited for Fidelity prove itself once again.
Unfortunately, none of the other bands were able to surpass the success that Fidelity experienced with The Escape Engine. Some claim it was because of finances that were wrapped up in the label's first release, or that the label lost its steam, or because it was simply beginners luck. Whatever the case, by 2005, after the release of four albums and the break-up of several of the bands, the label appeared to have slow down almost to a halt.
In 2006 Jonathan Strauss along with Michel Bezoza & Dave Miller started Heroine Clothing.
Current
No additional bands have since been signed and no new releases are scheduled.
See also
List of record labels
External links
Fidelity Records
References
American record labels
Alternative rock record labels
Indie rock record labels
Anne Borg may refer to:
Anne Borg (dancer) (1936–2016), Norwegian ballet dancer
Anne Borg (physicist) (born 1958), Norwegian physicist
William Van Winkle "Jimmy" Wolf (May 12, 1862 – May 16, 1903), also known as Chicken Wolf, was an American professional baseball player from Louisville, Kentucky. He played all or part of eleven seasons in Major League Baseball. He was primarily a right fielder, but occasionally played other positions in the infield.
Wolf played for his hometown team, the Louisville Colonels of the American Association, from 1882, when they were called the Eclipse, to 1891. He was the only player to appear in that league in all ten seasons of its existence. He set a number of career American Association records: most games, most plate appearances, most hits, most triples, most total bases.
When the American Association folded, he then played for the St. Louis Browns of the National League in 1892, his last season in the majors. He played in just three games for the Browns before being let go. He played in the minor leagues until 1894 before retiring.
Apart from his playing exploits, Wolf is well-known for an incident that took place on August 22nd, 1886 when he hit an inside-the-park, walkoff home run against the Cincinnati Red Stockings. The Reds' outfielder Abner Powell might have been better-placed to prevent the run had he not been impeded by an angry dog who had been sleeping next to the fence.
In 1889, with the team 2–8 after ten games under player-manager Dude Esterbrook, the managerial reins were handed over to Wolf, who won only 14 of the 65 games he managed. The other two managers to follow, Dan Shannon and Jack Chapman, didn't fare any better, as Louisville won only 27 games that year with 111 losses. In 1890, he led the American Association in batting with .363.
Wolf died in 1903 at the age of 41, from the effects of brain trauma he suffered a few years before in a fire-fighting accident, and is interred at Cave Hill Cemetery in Louisville. This cemetery is where other Louisville ballplayers have been buried as well, including childhood friend and teammate Pete Browning.
See also
List of Major League Baseball career stolen bases leaders
List of Major League Baseball career triples leaders
List of Major League Baseball player-managers
References
External links
SABR Biography "Chicken Wolf"
Major League Baseball right fielders
Louisville Eclipse players
Louisville Colonels players
St. Louis Browns (NL) players
Louisville Colonels managers
Syracuse Stars (minor league baseball) players
Utica Stars players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Savannah Modocs players
Macon Hornets players
Major League Baseball player-managers
Baseball players from Louisville, Kentucky
19th-century baseball players
Burials at Cave Hill Cemetery
1862 births
1903 deaths
Uplands is a neighborhood in west Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
West Baltimore
The Passivhaus-Institut (PHI) is responsible for promoting and maintaining the Passivhaus building program. The "Passivhaus Institute" was founded in 1996, and is based and active in Darmstadt, Germany.
The English spelling was used for the Passive House Institute US (PHIUS) when it formed in 2007 originally under the umbrella of the Passivhaus Institute. The two separated in 2012.
Though PHI and PHIUS sustainable design standards are different, they both share common goals for drastic energy conservation and carbon reduction through Sustainable architecture design techniques and specifications to create Low-energy houses and other structures with Low energy building practices for the public benefit worldwide.
See also
List of low-energy building techniques
History of passive solar building design
Energy-efficient landscaping
References
Appropriate technology organizations
Architecture organizations
Engineering organizations
Non-profit organisations based in Hesse
Low-energy building
Sustainable architecture
Sustainable building in Germany
Sustainability organizations
Organizations established in 1996
Green Acres is a census-designated place in Riverside County, California. Green Acres sits at an elevation of . The 2010 United States census reported Green Acres's population was 1,805.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 1.4 square miles (3.6 km), all of it land.
Demographics
At the 2010 census Green Acres had a population of 1,805. The population density was . The racial makeup of Green Acres was 1,192 (66.0%) White, 34 (1.9%) African American, 41 (2.3%) Native American, 25 (1.4%) Asian, 2 (0.1%) Pacific Islander, 396 (21.9%) from other races, and 115 (6.4%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 856 people (47.4%).
The census reported that 1,794 people (99.4% of the population) lived in households, 3 (0.2%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 8 (0.4%) were institutionalized.
There were 557 households, 238 (42.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 284 (51.0%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 91 (16.3%) had a female householder with no husband present, 51 (9.2%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 45 (8.1%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 5 (0.9%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 92 households (16.5%) were one person and 32 (5.7%) had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 3.22. There were 426 families (76.5% of households); the average family size was 3.54.
The age distribution was 518 people (28.7%) under the age of 18, 188 people (10.4%) aged 18 to 24, 424 people (23.5%) aged 25 to 44, 473 people (26.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 202 people (11.2%) who were 65 or older. The median age was 34.7 years. For every 100 females, there were 108.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.6 males.
There were 641 housing units at an average density of 457.7 per square mile, of the occupied units 363 (65.2%) were owner-occupied and 194 (34.8%) were rented. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.6%; the rental vacancy rate was 9.3%. 1,115 people (61.8% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 679 people (37.6%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in Riverside County, California
Census-designated places in California
The Battle of Evans Creek took place in Southwest Oregon in 1853. The U.S. victory brought about a short-lived peace in the Rogue River Valley.
Nomadic bands of Rogue River Indians had been raiding settlements in Southwest Oregon causing settlers to retaliate occasionally targeting innocent tribes. When several tribes grew tired of the retaliations they joined together under Apserkahar (nicknamed "Chief Jo"). Captain Bradford R. Alden brought a small detachment of 10 soldiers of the 4th U.S. Infantry from Fort Jones, California. Along the way Alden collected volunteers from Yreka, California and further volunteers from Oregon Territory. Before Alden could mount an effective offensive, Chief Toquahear ("Chief Sam") forced a small detachment of California volunteers to retreat and inflicting 8 casualties. In Jacksonville, Oregon Alden met up with two more companies of Oregon volunteers under General Joseph Lane. Lane then assumed command of the expedition.
Lane divided the force into two battalions under Colonel John E. Ross and Alden, now using a ceremonious title of "Colonel". Lane would accompany Aldon's battalion (composed of two Oregon companies under Jacob Rhodes and James P. Goodall) toward Table Rock to rendezvous with Colonel Ross at a designated point on Evans Creek.
Four days into the expedition, Alden's battalion encountered the warriors' camp. Alden proceeded dismounted with Goodall's company while Rhodes' company made a flanking maneuver to the left. The warriors were well supplied and their camp sufficiently guarded with log breastworks. Goodall's company skirmished through thick forest while Lane personally brought reserves forward. When he arrived on the field Lane found Alden severely wounded and continued the attack himself. The soldiers came as close as 30 yards to the warriors camp when Lane too was wounded. The battle lines held for another 3 hours until a message was delivered that the Natives wanted to cease fire and make peace. Even though Lane's other battalion arrived on the field, Colonel Ross was urged not to renew the fighting.
Lane concealed his wounded shoulder and entered the warriors' camp and spoke with Chief Jo. He was surprised to see the warriors well armed and supplied but was informed the chiefs were tired of war. The chiefs agreed to meet again several days later at Table Rock where they signed the Treaty of Table Rock.
Evans Creek
Evans Creek
Evans Creek
Evans Creek
Stough can be an anglicization of the German/Swiss surname Stauch.
People
B. D. Stough, zoologist (Troglostrongylus wilsoni)
Bessie Callender (née Stough), American sculptress
Carl Stough (1926–2000), American choral conductor
Charley Stough III, American journalist, former employee of the Dayton Daily News
Charlotte L. Stough, American philosopher/educator/administrator/psychologist, former intelligence officer with the Central Intelligence Agency
Con Stough, Australian neuroscientist
Craig Stough, American politician (mayor of Sylvania, Ohio)
Dale P. Stough, American historian
Dowling Stough, American dermatologist
Durden Stough, American author
Eric Stough, American animation director/producer
Erin Stough, American contributor at LaughingPlace.com
Furman Charles "Bill" Stough, American clergyman, Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Alabama
Glen Stough, American football player, a 27th-round draft pick in 1945 for the Pittsburgh Steelers
H. Paul Stough III, American aviation engineer
Israel Stough, American military officer, leader of the 153rd Ohio Infantry, commanded a Union regiment at the Battle of Folck's Mill and the Battle of Old Town
John Stough, American clergyman, one of the original settlers of Aurora, West Virginia
Jonas Stough, American miner, co-founder of the Atlantic Cable Quartz Lode
Joshua Stough, American computer scientist and professor at Bucknell University
Laura M. Stough, author
Roger R. Stough, American economist, co-author of Public Policy in an Entrepreneurial Economy: Creating the Conditions for Business Growth with Zoltan Acs, co-author of New Directions in Regional Economic Development: The Role of Entrepreneurship Theory and Methods, Practice and Policy with Sameeksha Desai and Peter Nijkamp
S. Stough, neuroscientist
Steven Stough, American, a plaintiff in Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District
Zac Stough, American musician, former vocalist of Urban Waste
Places and geographical features
Stough Canyon, Burbank, California
Stough Cemetery, Thorncreek Township, Whitley County, Indiana
Stough Creek Basin (contains Stough Creek Basin Trail, one of the trails in Fremont County, Wyoming)
Stough Elementary School, Raleigh, North Carolina
Stough Memorial Baptist Church, Pineville, North Carolina
Stough Street, Hinsdale, Illinois (site of West Hinsdale (Metra station))
Stough-Beckett Cottage, Historic Landmark #146 in San Diego, California
References
Germanic-language surnames
English-language surnames
Lists of people by surname
Carolina Schutti (born 1976) is an Austrian writer. Born in Innsbruck, she studied an eclectic range of subjects: German philology, English and American Studies, and music. She obtained her PhD on the work of the Nobel Prize-winning writer Elias Canetti. She then taught at the University of Florence, before joining Literaturhaus am Inn as a researcher. She has published widely on literary matters. Schutti received the 2015 EU Prize for Literature for her novel Einmal muss ich über weiches Gras gelaufen sein (Once I must have trodden soft grass).
References
1976 births
Living people
Writers from Innsbruck
Austrian women novelists
21st-century Austrian women writers
21st-century Austrian novelists
University of Florence faculty
Hammer of the Gods (also known as Thor: Hammer of the Gods) is a 2009 made-for-TV film, starring Zachery Ty Bryan, directed by Todor "Toshko" Chapkanov and produced by Jeffery Beach and Phillip J. Roth for the Syfy channel. It tells the story of the thunder god Thor, after he defeated the Midgard Serpent and died, then was reincarnated into a mortal man. Thor, along with his two brothers and friends travel to a mysterious island at Midgard's edge, seeking glory and fame. Upon arriving they encounter strange creatures and they start searching the island for answers. Meanwhile, Thor keeps seeing visions of a mighty warrior and a big hammer and Freyja tells him that his visions are clues. So they start searching for the hammer.
Plot
Thor follows his brother Baldur and a band of Norsemen on a voyage that leads them to the shores of a mysterious new land. While there, the group encounters a settlement filled with villagers living in mortal fear of a pack of werewolves that have taken over the surrounding forest. The whole time, Thor is plagued with visions of a mysterious warrior wielding a mighty hammer. He believes Baldur is destined to wield such a weapon and become a legendary hero until he witnesses his brother's death at the hands of the werewolves who follow the monstrous god Fenris. Thor takes command of the surviving Norsemen, culminating in a showdown between Fenris and Thor, armed with the one weapon that can kill Fenris once and for all: Mjölnir.
Cast
Zachery Ty Bryan as Thor
Alexis Peters as Sif
Mac Brandt as Baldur
Daz Crawford as Ulfrich
Melissa Osborne as Freyja
Vladimir Kolev as Hermoid
Raicho Vasilev as Heimdall
Nicole Ennemoser as Hel
George Zlatarev as Vali / The Narrator
Hristo Mitzkov as Garmur
John Laskowski as Hodur
Maxim Genchev as Bragi
Richie Manteliev as Vidar
Lazar Radkov as Borr
Velislav Pavlov as Aegir
Peter Meltev as Freyr
Rafael Jordan as Campfire Viking
Critical reception
Richard Cross of 20/20 Movie Reviews.com, lamented the film's poor writing, characters, production quality and filming of action sequences.
Production
Hammer of the Gods was filmed in Sofia, Bulgaria during January 2008.
References
External links
2009 television films
2009 films
Syfy original films
Films about Thor
Films set in the Viking Age
Films scored by Lucas Vidal
2000s American films
Przysiółek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 42.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Walter Dexter (12 June 1876 – 12 February 1958) was an English artist, painting in oil and watercolour. He lived in King's Lynn for much of his life, and many of his pictures show the area.
Life
Dexter was born in Wellingborough in Northamptonshire, son of Walter Sothern Dexter, a photographic artist, and his wife Emily. The family came from King's Lynn; they returned there, and Walter was educated in the town. He was also taught to paint by Henry Baines (1823–1894; a well-known artist of West Norfolk and brother of Thomas Baines).
From 1892 to 1897 he trained at the Birmingham School of Art, and also studied in Belgium and Holland, afterwards returning to King's Lynn. In 1915 he married Helen Chadwick; they had no children.
He was an art teacher at Bolton Grammar School from 1916 to 1920. From 1941 to 1944 he was art teacher at King Edward VII School, King's Lynn. He was a member of the Norfolk and Norwich Art Circle from 1902 to 1955, and was elected a member of the Royal Society of British Artists.
Dexter painted in oil and watercolour, painting landscapes, including many of the King's Lynn area; also interiors, portraits and still life; he exhibited in many galleries. His picture The Carpenter's Workshop, an oil painting of 1904, has been regarded as his best work. He wrote regularly about Norfolk for the East Anglian Evening News and the Eastern Daily Press. Also working as a commercial artist, he illustrated books and produced posters.
He died in 1958, as a result of an accident with a motorcycle while crossing a road in King's Lynn.
References
External links
1876 births
1958 deaths
People from Wellingborough
People from King's Lynn
20th-century English painters
Pedestrian road incident deaths
English watercolourists
Sir William Gammie Ogg FRSE LLD (1891–1979) was a British horticultural scientist and Director of Rothamsted Experimental Station
Life
He was born at Craigbank Farm in Peterculter near Aberdeen on 2 November 1891 the son of James Ogg and his wife, Janet Gammie. He was educated at Robert Gordon's College in Aberdeen then studied Science at the University of Aberdeen specialising in Chemistry. He graduated from MA in 1912 then took a further degree in Agriculture gaining a BSc in 1913.
In the First World War he worked as a chemist at the explosives factory at Oldbury and at Greetland in Yorkshire. After the war, in 1924, he began working as an Advisory Officer at the East Of Scotland College of Agriculture. In 1925 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Alexander Lauder, Sir James Walker, George Barger and Ralph Allan Sampson.
In 1930, he went to the Macaulay Institute in Aberdeen as its Director. In 1943 he moved to Rothamsted Experimental Station. His colleagues there included Douglas M. C. MacEwan FRSE.
He was knighted by King George VI in 1949.
He served as President of the Chemistry Institute of Great Britain 1953 to 1955.
He retired in 1958 and died at Arnhall in Edzell, Angus on 25 September 1979. He is buried in Edzell Churchyard.
Family
In 1922 he married Helen Hilbert.
References
1891 births
1979 deaths
People educated at Robert Gordon's College
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
British horticulturists
Mark Jonathan Moore (born 25 April 1961) was the disgraced headmaster (Head of College) of Clifton College in Bristol from 2005-2015.
Education and teaching
Moore was educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School and read English at [[Downing College, Cambridge
Moore was previously the Head of English and the Director of University Entrance at Radley College and taught at Marlborough College and Eton College .
Sporting achievements
At Cambridge, Moore captained the university Eton Fives team and was the national Eton Fives champion.
References
External links
BBC news article on Mark Moore
Clifton College website
Good Schools Guide
Living people
Schoolteachers from the West Midlands
Headmasters of Clifton College
People educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School
Alumni of Downing College, Cambridge
1961 births
Bordj Omar Driss is a town and commune in In Amenas District, Illizi Province, Algeria. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 5,736, up from 3,547 in 1998, and an annual population growth rate of 5.0%. Its postal code is 33210 and its municipal code is 3304.
Geography
Bordj Omar Driss lies at an elevation of at the south-western end of the Hamada de Tinrhert Desert, a vast rocky region of the Sahara Desert that extends eastwards into Libya. To the south of the town is an area of sand dunes, beyond which lies the mountain range Djebel Essaoui Mellene, an extension of the Tassili n'Ajjer range.
Climate
Bordj Omar Driss has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), with long and extremely hot summers with averages high temperatures well above 40 °C (104 °F) during June, July and August and brief and very warm winters with averages low temperatures below 4 °C (39.2 °F) in January, the coldest month of the year as well as very little precipitation throughout the entire year as the town averages only about 25 mm of rainfall.
Transportation
A road connects Bordj Omar Driss to the N3 national highway (to Hassi Messaoud to the north and In Amenas to the east) at the village of Hassi Bel Guebour. The town in served by Bordj Omar Driss Airport.
Education
4.5% of the population has a tertiary education, and another 11.1% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 73.0%, and is 81.9% among males and 62.7% among females.
Localities
The commune is composed of eight localities:
Centre de Bordj Omar Driss
Zaouia Sidi Moussa
Hassi Bel Guebour
Tit
Tinfouye
Dayen
Hassi Tamenkort
Rhoud Ennous
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
In Amenas District
Tuareg
Communes of Illizi Province
James Buchanan (1804–1870) was a preacher and theological writer. He was born in 1804 at Paisley, and studied at the university of Glasgow. In 1827 he was ordained Church of Scotland minister of Roslin, near Edinburgh, and in 1828 he was translated to the large and important charge of North Leith. In this charge he attained great fame as a preacher, being remarkable or a clear, vigorous, and flowing style, a graceful manner, a vein of thrilling tenderness, broken from time to time by passionate appeals, all in the most pronounced evangelic strain. In 1840 Buchanan was translated to the High Church (St. Giles'), Edinburgh, and in 1813, after the disruption, he became first minister of St. Stephen‘s Free Church. In 1815 he was appointed professor of apologetics in the New College (Free church), Edinburgh, and in 1847, on the death of Dr. Chalmers, he was transferred to the chair of systematic theology, continuing there till his resignation in 1868.
Life
James Buchanan was born in Paisley on 14 April 1804 as the eldest son of James Buchanan, a wine merchant. He was educated at Paisley Grammar School.
After studies at Glasgow University and Edinburgh University, he was licensed to preach as a Church of Scotland minister by the Presbytery of Paisley in 1826.
He was ordained as a minister of the Church of Scotland at Roslin in November 1827 and translated the North Leith Parish Church in September 1828 in place of Walter Foggo Ireland, where he attained great fame as a preacher. In 1840, Buchanan was called to second charge of St Giles Cathedral in Edinburgh, in place of George Husband Baird. In this role he was under Rev Robert Gordon in first charge.
In the Disruption of 1843 he left the established church and joined the Free Church of Scotland. From 1843 to 1845 he was minister of the Free High Church of Edinburgh then moved to St Stephen's Free Church in Stockbridge, Edinburgh in 1845. From May 1845, he was additionally appointed as Professor of Apologetics at the newly-built New College of the Free Church on the Mound in central Edinburgh. In 1847 he succeeded Thomas Chalmers as Professor of Systematic Theology, which he held until 1868 when he retired.
He received an honorary Doctor of Divinity (DD) from Princeton University in 1844 and an honorary Doctor of Laws (LLD) from Glasgow University in 1852.
He died on 19 April 1870 at 51 Lauriston Place, Edinburgh. He is buried in the north-east section of the Grange Cemetery, facing the main north path.
Family
In February 1829 he married Elizabeth Cochrane, daughter of John Cochrane, a Glasgow merchant. They had a son James (1829-1888) and a daughter Elizabeth (b.1831) before his wife's early death in May 1832. In December 1836 he married Mary Morison, daughter of John Morison of Hetland, with whom he had a daughter, Janet (b.1840).
Mary Morison died in 1887 and is buried with her parents in St Cuthbert's Churchyard in Edinburgh.
Works
1837, Comfort in Affliction
1840, Improvement of Affliction
1842, The Office and Work of the Holy Spirit
1843, On the Tracts for the Times
1855, Studies in apologetics, Faith in God and atheism compared in their essential nature, theoretical grounds and practical influence
1857, Modern Atheism under its forms of Pantheism, Materialism, Secularism, Development, and Natural Laws
1861, The ‘Essays and Reviews' Examined
1864, Analogy Considered as a Guide to Truth and Applied as an Aid to Faith
1867 Doctrine of Justification - An Outline of Its History in the Church and of Its Exposition from Scripture (1866 Cunningham lectures)
See also
Justification (theology)
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Scottish Calvinist and Reformed theologians
1804 births
1870 deaths
On 30 November 2021, a severely overloaded boat carrying more than 50 people, mostly children aged between 8 and 15, capsized on the Watari Dam in Kano State, Nigeria. At least 29 are confirmed dead and 13 more are missing.
Background
Boat accidents are common in Nigeria due to overloading, bad weather, poor maintenance and lack of regulations to protect the safety of passengers. In May, about 100 people were killed when a boat sank on the Niger River on the boundary of Kebbi and Niger States.
Accident
The vessel was carrying Islamic school pupils from Badau village to the town of Bagwai on the other side of the river for a religious ceremony. According to Saminu Abdullahi, the spokesperson for Kano State's fire service, the boat was meant to carry 12 people, however, more than 50 people were on the ferry at the time of the accident.
Seven passengers were rescued and were sent to the hospital while 13 more remain missing. Rescue operations involved the police, fire services, volunteers and members of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps.
Reactions
President Muhammadu Buhari described the accident as a sad and painful event, and the Commissioner for Information in Kano, Muhammad Garba announced a committee to investigate the incident and prevent other incident like it. The committee had been ordered by Kano State Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje who expressed shock after hearing news of the capsizing, calling the incident "a state tragedy," and thanked rescuers, saying "[w]e salute the courage and the patriotic posture of the rescue teams."
References
Boat accident
21st century in Kano State
November 2021 events in Nigeria
2021 boat disaster
Maritime incidents in 2021
June Whitley (born June Culbertson) is a Canadian actress who has performed on radio, television, and film.
Early years
Whitley was born June Culbertson in Vancouver. She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Culbertson. Her early acting experience came in the Vancouver Little Theatre and Theatre Under the Stars.
Career
Whitley performed on Canadian Broadcasting Corporation radio programs before leaving in 1947. Her work for CBC included having featured roles on Stage Party and Vancouver Theatre. She moved to Hollywood, where she acted in films and on radio. From 1949 through 1953, she portrayed Margaret Anderson, the wife and mother on the radio version of Father Knows Best. She also appeared on other radio programs, including Suspense and The Mercury Theatre on the Air.
Whitley's television debut came on The Alan Young Show, and she became a regular on that program, Other TV programs on which Whitley appeared include Dragnet and Mr. and Mrs. North.
Whitley's first film was One Sunday Afternoon. She also appeared in A Steak for Connie in a supporting role and dubbed its Spanish version. That experience led to her dubbing other films. Her other film appearances included Confidentially Connie, Easy to Love, and Bright Victory.
Personal life
She married journalist Bill Whitley in 1943.
References
Canadian film actresses
Canadian radio actresses
Canadian stage actresses
Canadian television actresses
Living people
20th-century Canadian actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Diosbert Alexander Rivero Cantillo (born 3 May 2000) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays for Spanish club CD Calamonte as a forward.
Club career
Born in Guanare, Rivero was a llanero de Guanare youth graduate. He started to appear with the first team during the 2017 season, with the club in the second division, and scored three league goals during his two-year spell at the main squad, helping in their promotion in 2018.
In January 2019, Rivero moved abroad and joined Spanish club Extremadura UD, being initially assigned to the reserves in Tercera División. He made his professional debut on 4 June, coming on as a late substitute for Kike Márquez in a 1–0 away win against Cádiz CF in the Segunda División championship.
On 15 July 2019, Rivero signed a four-year contract with Segunda División B side Burgos CF.
Honours
Llaneros de Guanare
Venezuelan Segunda División: 2018
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
People from Guanare
Venezuelan footballers
Association football forwards
Venezuelan Segunda División players
Llaneros de Guanare players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Tercera Federación players
Extremadura UD B players
Extremadura UD footballers
Burgos CF footballers
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right is a 2016 book by sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild. The book sets out to explain the worldview of supporters of the Tea Party Movement in Louisiana.
Summary
Hochschild's book was written after speaking to focus groups and interviewing Tea Party supporters. She focuses her efforts in Lake Charles, Louisiana, in Calcasieu Parish. The bayou area has a high concentration of petrochemical plants as well as a high level of pollution in its waterways. Hochschild wanted to understand why there was little support for environmental regulation in this area, despite what would seem to be the self-interest of its residents. Hochschild's research led her to focus on the cultural values that led people to oppose government regulation. Prominent among these were their attitudes about taxes, their religious convictions, and challenges to their honor.
The core of the book is Hochschild's attempt to distill the worldview of Tea Party supporters, who formed part of the same constituency that heavily backed Donald Trump in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. According to Hochschild, Tea Party supporters have reacted against the changing face of America in the last few decades. They perceive a situation where women, immigrants, and racial minorities have been "cutting in line" to achieve the American dream. And they also feel as though some government officials (such as President Barack Obama) have been waving these same groups to the front of the line through affirmative action programs and other kinds of support. As a result of these perceptions, the older, largely white, and disproportionately male supporters of the Tea Party increasingly feel, as Hochschild's title indicates, like strangers in "their" own land.
Reception
Finalist for the 2016 National Book Award for Nonfiction The citation notes, "She writes unflinchingly of deep reasons people act against their apparent self-interest and makes the unlikely case that even in 2016 mutual compassion and understanding between the right and the left are possible."
Selected by the New York Times as one of "6 Books to Understand Trump's Win" and it has been a New York Times Best Seller. It has been reviewed by Jason DeParle in the New York Times Book Review, by David Brooks in his July 4, 2017 New York Times op-ed, by Jedediah Purdy in the New Republic, by Nathaniel Rich in The New York Review of Books, by Gabriel Thompson in Newsday and by Ralph Benko in Forbes.
References
2016 non-fiction books
Books about conservatism
Books about men
Works about White Americans
Tea Party movement
The New Press books
Leucocroton is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1861. The entire genus is endemic to Cuba. It is a member of the Leucocroton alliance, which also includes Garciadelia and Lasiocroton. Species in this alliance are dioecious.
Species
formerly included
moved to other genera (Garciadelia and Lasiocroton)
Leucocroton leprosus - Garciadelia leprosa
Leucocroton microphyllus - Lasiocroton microphyllus
References
Adelieae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of Cuba
Dioecious plants
Volkert Doeksen (born 23 January 1963) is a private equity investor and founder of AlpInvest Partners (originally NIB Capital), one of the largest private equity investments managers globally with over €40 billion of assets under management. Today, he serves as managing partner and Chief Executive Officer of AlpInvest Partners which has offices in Amsterdam, Hong Kong and New York.
Additionally, Volkert is member of the Board of NXP Semiconductors in the Netherlands. He also serves on the Advisory Board of private equity firm Warburg Pincus.
Prior to founding AlpInvest, Doeksen was a director of Dresdner Kleinwort Benson (today Dresdner Kleinwort), managing over $3 billion of private equity investments. From 1992 to 1994, Doeksen served as head of the bank's Benelux region, based in the firm's London office. In 1994, he moved to New York to head up DKB's private equity investments, including U.S. leveraged buyouts, mezzanine debt and fund of funds.
Prior to Kleinwort Benson, Doeksen worked as an investment banker focusing on mergers and acquisitions for Dillon Read from 1989 through 1992. He began his career as a financial analyst in corporate finance for Morgan Stanley International in London in 1987.
Doeksen received his M.A. in Law from Universiteit Leiden (The University of Leiden).
Other
Doeksen serves as the Chairman of the Millennium Promise Netherlands Foundation and serves on the board of directors.
He also serves on the board of the digital consultancy SparkOptimus.
Doeksen is a Dutch national and hails from the Doeksen family which controls various shipping and transportation concerns in the Netherlands.
References
Citations
General references
http://www.alpinvest.com/leadership/index.asp?viewType=ByRegion&d_Bio_ID=2&Section=7,1,0
http://www.efinancialnews.com/investmentbanking/fn100/content/1046694625/volkertdoeksen
http://www.thedeal.com/servlet/ContentServer?pagename=TheDeal/TDDArticle/TDStandardArticle&bn=NULL&c=TDDArticle&cid=1053702577660</ref>
http://www.altassets.com/news/arc/2002/nz860.php
1963 births
Living people
Private equity and venture capital investors
Dutch money managers
Dutch chief executives in the finance industry
Businesspeople from The Hague
Leiden University alumni
Investor Awareness is a term used in investor relations, by public companies and similar bodies, to describe how well their investors, and the investment market in general, know their business. Its significance is that investors are expected to base their investment decisions on awareness and knowledge, and a lack of these may lead to a low profile amongst its peers in the market (i.e. competing businesses and investment opportunities), to the detriment of the business.
More
Investor awareness is knowledge the investment community has of a company. It can be looked at like this: “Do investors know about your company?” If the answer is “yes,” then it could be said that the company has “good investor awareness” which means investors have knowledge of, are conscious of, or have a perception of a company and are very aware of its products and services. If we were to assume that a company has “no investor awareness” or “poor investor awareness,” then the company has probably done a poor job at creating visibility in the investment community and likely no one outside of the company's offices (or friends and family) has knowledge of the company.
References
Investment
Swynnerton's robin (Swynnertonia swynnertoni) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is monotypic within the genus Swynnertonia. The common and Latin names commemorate the entomologist Charles Swynnerton.
Range and habitat
It is found in Tanzania, Mozambique, and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
In Zimbabwe this species is found in relict montane forests in the Eastern Highlands. It is protected in the Bunga and Chirinda Forest Botanical Reserves (also possibly in the Chimanimani and Nyanga National Parks). Within the forests it occurs at high population densities and almost always nests in the small indigenous Dracaena plants.
Description
It is superficially similar to the larger White-starred robin, but has a white crescent on the upper breast, which is bordered below with a black line, and its grey tail lacks yellow windows. Its sexually dimorphic plumage is unusual among African robins. The female has duller plumage and an olive wash over the crown and face. Juveniles are spotted buffy yellow on the head and upper parts, while the chest crescent is pale greyish brown.
References
External links
Swynnerton's robin - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Swynnerton's robin
Birds of Southern Africa
Swynnerton's robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Adam Malcher (born 21 May 1986) is a Polish handball player for Gwardia Opole and the Polish national handball team.
He participated at the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship and at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
National championships
2006/2007 Polish Championship, with Zagłębie Lubin
National team
2009 IHF World Championship
References
1986 births
Living people
People from Opole
Sportspeople from Opole Voivodeship
Polish male handball players
Peter Settman (born 24 February 1969) is a Swedish actor, comedian, television presenter, screenwriter, and television producer. Settman is known for his appearances on the comedy shows Byhåla (featuring the characters Ronny and Ragge), Så ska det låta and Dansbandskampen.
Early life
Settman was raised by his mother in Sätra. He is an only child born to parents Gunnar Törnstrand and Marianne Settman, both of whom never married each other. His father died of cancer when he was fourteen years old.
Education and career
Settman started acting in Skärholmen at the age of ten and studied at Södra Latin along with eventual Ronny and Ragge actors Fredde Granberg and Gila Bergqvist. At age 21 he acted in skits in the youth television show Kosmopol on local television in Växjö. In 1989 Settman started his production company Baluba, which he still owns and runs today.
Ronny och Ragge was one of Settman's most prominent shows. Settman played Ronny to Granberg's Ragge; the duo was depicted as typical raggare. The characters were introduced in a parody of a popular soap opera, Storstad, and became an instant hit. Settman and Granberg featured on their own show called Byhåla, which was broadcast on Sveriges Television from 1991 to 1993. Upon the suggestion of Swedish musician Christer Sandelin, Ronny and Ragge released their own album with lyrics set to Sandelin's music, which sold 138,000 copies.
Settman and Granberg co-starred in shows such as Megafon, Äntligen Måndag, Stereo and Bara med Bruno. They went their separate ways in the late 1990s. In 2001 Settman acted in the TV4 show En ängels tålamod, where he played the character Gabriel. In 2004, he presented Melodifestivalen 2004, and became Melodifestivalen 2005'''s producer the following year. In 2006, he started presenting Så ska det låta (That's the Spirit!) on SVT and Sommarkrysset in 2005 on TV4. Between late 2008 and early 2009, he presented Dansbandskampen on Sveriges Television. During the winter of 2013-2014, he presented the talk show Settman på plats on Sveriges Television.
Personal life
Settman has two sons, Oscar and Elis, by his first wife, Sara Carlsson, and two sons, Simon and Eric, by his second wife, Anna. He resides in the Östermalm district of Stockholm.
Television and film TulpanmysterietHalloj Holland1985:August Strindberg ett liv (TV)
1991: Kosmopol, SVT
1991:Sommarlov SVT
1991:Gerilla TV - Laijv SVTMegafon SVTStereo (Tratten och Finkel) SVT
1994–95: Äntligen måndag/Egäntligen måndag Snutarna1999:Browalls2000:The Road to El Dorado (Swedish voice)
2001:En ängels tålamod2004:Melodifestivalen
2005:Melodifestivalen
2005:Sommarkrysset
2006:Så ska det låta
2007–2010: Svenska Idrottsgalan
2008:Dansbandskampen 2008
2009:Dansbandskampen 2009
2010:Minuten
2012:Idéfabriken
2013:Settman På Plats''
References
External links
1969 births
Swedish television hosts
Swedish male television actors
Living people
Swedish male comedians
Swedish screenwriters
Swedish male screenwriters
Swedish television producers
Entertainers from Stockholm
20th-century Swedish comedians
21st-century Swedish comedians
Almighty DP 2 is a collaborative mixtape by hip hop recording artist Chief Keef and producer DP Beats. It is the sequel to the project Almighty DP, released by the duo earlier in 2015. It was self-released on September 11, 2015. It is available on the mixtape website DatPiff.
Track listing
All tracks produced by DP Beats.
References
2015 mixtape albums
Chief Keef albums
Self-released albums
Sequel albums
Influenced by Neenasam (Neelakanteshwara Natya Sangha) of Heggodu in Sagar taluk of Shimoga district, Panditaaradhya Swamiji founded the institute Sri Shivakumara Rangaprayoga Shale in 1997. Late C.G. Krishnaswamy, amateur theatre exponent, helped swami in setting up the institute. This theatre institute is the brainchild of Panditaaradhya Shivacharya Swamiji, head of the Veerashaiva religious institution at Saanehalli. The seer is a playwright.
Shivakumara Kalasanga
Admissions
Shivkumar Ranga Prayoga Shale is a reputed, residential school, which gets around 50 applicants every year among whom only the best 18-20 are selected. These students are trained in various aspects of theatre like Abhinaya, Aharya, and Western theatre at the end of which they need to give their exam to get a diploma. The school also absorbs the best of these students to create a new play that tours all over the country for a year. It provides them free board and lodging and education for one year.
Shivasanchara repertory
The institute's repertory organises shows in different parts of the State every year. “Shivasanchara” has produced 36 plays and presented 1,750 shows in various parts of the State and elsewhere.
See also
Neenasam, Heggodu
Rangayana, Mysore
Rangashankara, Bangalore
References
Schools in Chitradurga district
William Coulthard (fl. 1932–1937) was an English footballer who made 119 appearances in the Football League playing as a full back for Darlington in the 1930s. He was on the books of Southend United and Tottenham Hotspur, but without representing either in the league, and played non-league football for Spennymoor United and South Shields.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Sportspeople from Darlington
Footballers from County Durham
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Southend United F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Spennymoor United F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
South Shields F.C. (1936) players
English Football League players
Place of death missing
Rehfelde station is a railway station in the municipality of Rehfelde in the Märkisch-Oderland district of Brandenburg. It is served by the line .
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1874
1874 establishments in Prussia
Buildings and structures in Märkisch-Oderland
Stefano Badami (December 10, 1888 – March 31, 1955) was the first boss of the Elizabeth crime family. Badami controlled the family from Elizabeth, New Jersey. In 1937, after Gaspare D'Amico went into hiding, his family gained rackets in Newark, New Jersey. Badami was murdered in 1955 in a power struggle between rival factions of his crime family.
References
1888 births
1955 deaths
DeCavalcante crime family
Murdered American gangsters of Italian descent
Senjedkuh (, also Romanized as Senjedkūh; also known as Senjedkū'īyeh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Gladys Malvern (July 17, 1897 – November 16, 1962) was an American vaudeville and Broadway actress, radio scriptwriter, and writer. As a child actress, she appeared in the 1908 Broadway production of The Man Who Stood Still. Gladys often collaborated on stage with her younger sister Corinne Malvern, who also illustrated her books. Gladys Malvern is perhaps best remembered for her prolific writing of historical and biographical novels for young adults, including The Foreigner, According to Thomas and Behold Your Queen!.
Biography
Gladys Malvern was born in Newark, New Jersey on July 17, 1897, the daughter of Edward Malvern and Cora Lillian Malvern, a theater company wardrobe mistress. She was raised as a stage child by her mother in New York, New Jersey, Virginia, and California.
Theater years (1900–1920)
Young Gladys Malvern won her first role on a New York stage at the age of three. In 1908, at age 11, Gladys appeared at the Circle Theater on Broadway in The Man Who Stood Still. By 1910, the two Malvern sisters were working regularly in traveling vaudeville productions, as well as in the burgeoning New York movie industry; Gladys as an ingenue and Corinne as "fairies, babies, witches, and other funny little people." By the age of 14, Gladys began playing leading roles in traveling stock theater companies. Her fellow troupers called her "the youngest stock leading woman in the business." When interviewed about this period in her life, Malvern is quoted as saying: …until I was twenty-one, home to me was anywhere—hotels, trains, boarding houses; for my sister, Corinne Malvern, and I were ‘stage children.' When I stopped being a ‘stage child,' I became what they called an ingenue, and then a leading lady. But by this time I had decided I didn't like wandering about, and I began to think how nice it would be to have a home like other people.
Life in Los Angeles (1921–1933)
During the 1920s, the Malvern family moved to Los Angeles, where Corinne worked as a fashion artist, and Gladys began working at a department store. Later, Gladys began writing copy for advertising agencies, while her sister Corinne studied art under Theodore Lukits. According to census records, at some point during this time period Gladys married, and subsequently divorced. After the publication and success of her first few novels, Gladys moved back to New York with her sister; both of them working from an apartment which overlooked the Hudson River. Of this period in her life, Malvern was quoted as saying: <blockquote>Advertising is a very good business. I liked it immensely and stuck with it for about twelve years. But after work, being very stubborn in this matter, I continued to write. And I wrote. And I wrote. Finally—oh, after I'd torn up any number of manuscripts—I sold a book… And somehow or other I began to feel encouraged. In fact, after I'd sold three novels, I felt so brave I gave up my advertising job. We sold the lamps and the easy chairs and most of the books, and came blithely to New York.</blockquote>
Novels for young adults (1934–1962)
Having learned the discipline of writing from her 12 years as an advertising writer and copy editor, Malvern produced several successful novels for young adults in the first years following her return to New York. In 1943, Gladys Malvern penned Curtain Going Up, a widely read biography of 20th-century actress and legend, Katharine Cornell. The same year, Malvern won the Julia Ellsworth Ford Foundation Award for the historical novel, Valiant Minstrel: The Story of Sir Henry Lauder. Gladys Malvern continued writing biographies of other performers, including Joseph Jefferson, Anna Pavlova and Rossini. She also occasionally wrote under the pseudonyms Vahrah von Klopp and Sabra Lee Corbin.
Malvern corresponded with actress Helen Hayes in 1944 about a potential biographical story for American Girl magazine, but never published her story. It is now available as a 12-page part of the Malvern Papers, currently held at the New York Public Library in the "Performing Arts Research Collection".
In 1958, Malvern's Behold Your Queen!, a story of the Biblical character of Esther, was a main selection of the Junior Literary Guild. Malvern wrote several other Biblical stories, including The Foreigner - A Story of Ruth, According to Thomas, Tamar and Saul's Daughter.
Gladys Malvern never returned to the stage, but she would go on to write more than 40 successful historical novels, including Patriot's Daughter - The Story of Anastasia Lafayette and Dear Wife - A Story of the American Revolution, many of them illustrated by her sister Corinne, who died in 1956. Gladys moved to Weston, Connecticut, where she continued to write until her own death in November 1962.
Posthumous editions
Several novels were published posthumously by Vanguard Press in 1971, including The Six Wives of Henry VIII and The World of Lady Jane Grey. However, by 1990, most of the books authored by Gladys Malvern had gone out of print, and could only be found in auctions and the rare book market. In 2011, several Malvern titles were re-issued by publisher Special Edition Books. In 2012, many Malvern titles were re-issued as interactive ebooks by YA publisher Beebliome Books, including titles such as Stephanie and So Great a Love.
Selected bibliography According to Thomas. 1947. New York, R.M. McBride & Co.Ann Lawrence of Old New York. 1947. New York, Julian MessnerBehold Your Queen! 1951. New York, Longmans, Green & Co., New YorkBlithe Genius; The Story of Rossini. 1959. New York, Longmans, GreenDancing Star: the Story of Anna Pavlova. 1942. New York, J. MessnerDear Wife. 1953. New York, Longmans, Green & Co.Eric's Girls. 1949. New York, J. MessnerForeigner, The. 1954. New York, Longmans, Green & Co.,Gloria, Ballet Dancer. (A Romance for Young Moderns; also pub. in German as Gloria). 1946. New York, J. Messner, Inc.Heart's Conquest. 1962. Philadelphia, McRae Smith CompanyHollywood Star. (A Romance for Young Moderns). 1953. New York, J. MessnerJonica's Island. 1945. New York, Julian Messner, Inc.Kin. 1931 New York, Dodd, Mead. (written as Vahrah von Klopp)Mamzelle. 1955. Philadelphia, McRae SmithPatriot's Daughter. 1960. Philadelphia, McRae Smith CompanyPrima Ballerina. (A Romance for Young Moderns.) 1951. New York, J. MessnerQueen's Lady, The. 1963. McRae Smith Company, Philadelphia (posthumous)Rhoda of Cyprus. 1958. Philadelphia, McRae Smith CompanyRogues and Vagabonds. 1959. Philadelphia, McRae Smith CompanySaul's Daughter. 1956. New York, Longmans, Green & Co.Secret Sign, The. 1961. Abelard-Schuman, New YorkSix Wives of Henry VIII, The. 1972. Vanguard Press, Inc., New York (posthumous)Stephanie. 1956. Philadelphia, McRae SmithTamar. 1952. New York, Longmans, Green & Co.The World of Lady Jane Grey. 1964. New York, Vanguard Press (posthumous)There's Always Forever. 1957. New York, Longmans, GreenValiant Minstrel, the Story of Sir Harry Lauder. 1943. New York, J. Messner, Inc.
See also
Corinne Malvern
Vaudeville
Book of Ruth
Esther
Young adult fiction
References
Additional sources News of the Theaters, Chicago Daily Tribune, January 22, 1907Autobiographical Sketch of Gladys Malvern, The Junior Book of Authors, Second Edition, H.W. Wilson Publishers, 1951
Barbara Sicherman, Carol Hurd Gree, Notable American Women: the Modern Period, Volume 4, Harvard University Press, 1986
John T. Gillespie, Historical Fiction for Young Readers'', Greenwood Publishing Group, 2008,
External links
Gladys Malvern papers, 1944-1957, held by the Billy Rose Theatre Division, New York Public Library for the Performing Arts
1897 births
1962 deaths
20th-century American actresses
20th-century American novelists
Actresses from Newark, New Jersey
American child actresses
American children's writers
American stage actresses
American women novelists
Vaudeville performers
Writers from Newark, New Jersey
American women children's writers
20th-century American women writers
People from Weston, Connecticut
Novelists from New Jersey
Jurgis Blekaitis (July 8, 1917 Kellomäki, Finland – June 25, 2007 Laurel, Maryland) was a Lithuanian American poet, theater producer, and former editor for the Voice of America.
Early life
Blekaitis was born in Kellomäki, Finland, which at the time was still part of the Russian Empire, while his family was on vacation. His father worked in the Russian Imperial Army. The Blekaitis family lived in St. Petersburg. However, the Russian Revolution erupted just months after Blekaitis's birth.
The Blekaitis family escaped the effects of the revolution in St. Petersburg by fleeing to the family's hometown of Birštonas, Lithuania. Lithuania gained independence from Russia following the Russian Revolution. Blekaitis learned Polish, his mother's native tongue, as well as Russian and Lithuanian. Throughout the rest of his life Blekaitis continued to learn new languages. He eventually also learned English, French and German. Blekaitis earned a degree in theater from Vytautas Magnus University in Kaunas, Lithuania, and began work as an actor and director.
Blekaitis was nearly sent to a concentration camp in Liepāja, Latvia, with other Lithuanian intellectuals near the end of World War II. However, with the advance of the Soviet army, Blekaitis was forced to flee to a refugee camp in Germany. While in Germany, Blekaitis enrolled in a Freiburg art school. He helped organize acting troupes and toured several refugee camps throughout Germany.
Career in the United States
Blekaitis immigrated to the United States in 1949 and settled in New York City. He produced Russian theater in Brooklyn and other ethnic theater programs.
Blekaitis joined the Voice of America in New York in 1952. He moved to the Washington, D.C. area when the Voice of America moved its headquarters in 1954. He worked in the VOA's Lithuanian service from 1952 until his retirement in 1987. He became a senior editor at the VOA.
Blekaitis continued writing while in the United States. He was noted for translating works by Ivar Ivask, Czesław Miłosz, and Joseph Brodsky to English.
He published two books of original poetry, as well as a Lithuanian memoir.
Blekaitis died on June 25, 2007, at his home in Laurel, Maryland of Alzheimer's disease.
References
External links
Washington Post: Jurgis Blekaitis; Theater Producer, Poet Was Editor of Voice of America
People from Laurel, Maryland
1917 births
2007 deaths
Lithuanian emigrants to the United States
Neurological disease deaths in Maryland
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Vytautas Magnus University alumni
The Bolivian recurvebill (Syndactyla striatus) is a bird species in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
It was formerly classified as a vulnerable species by the IUCN. But new research has shown it to be not as rare as it was believed. Consequently, it is downlisted to near threatened status in 2008 and least concern in 2012.
Footnotes
References
BirdLife International (BLI) (2008): 2008 IUCN Redlist status changes. Retrieved 2008-MAY-23.
Birds of Bolivia
Endemic birds of Bolivia
Syndactyla
Endemic fauna of Bolivia
Birds described in 1935
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
International League of Associations of Rheumatology (ILAR) is an international body of the associations of Rheumatologists from around the world. It comprises partner organisations PANLAR, Paamerican League of Associations for Rheumatology, EULAR, European League against Rheumatism, APLAR, Asia Pacific League of Associations of Rheumatology and AFLAR, African League of Associations for Rheumatology. ILAR has taken leadership in the development of global consensus on the diagnosis of rheumatological diseases especially juvenile idiopathic arthritis It published the ILAR Journal.
References
Rheumatology organizations
José Manrique was the Governor of New Mexico from 1808 to 1814 during the period just before the Republic of Mexico gained independence from Spain.
Career
Manrique's predecessor as New Mexico Governor, Joaquín del Real Alencaster, made himself unpopular by raising taxes and suppressing the smuggling of contraband.
One source says that in 1808 Manrique started to raise a militia company in Santa Fe, which he said was for local defense.
He was jailed by Alencaster. Later that year Alencaster was removed from office, and don Alberto Maynez was made the interim Governor.
Records are scanty and dates are uncertain.
Maynez has been identified as acting governor from 1807-1808.
He was succeeded by Manrique, who perhaps for a while was acting Governor while Alencaster remained technically the Governor.
Manrique continued Maynez's policy of letting the New Mexico colonists embark on large-scale expeditions to trade with the Plains Indians.
Apart from the economic benefits, this served to counterbalance U.S. influence.
On 21 August 1809 Manrique was called to the Pecos Pueblo to parley with Comanches.
Jose Manrique was concerned to prevent uprisings by the Pueblo Indians, and after 1810 supported their use of the Protector de Indios office to obtain justice, an office that had fallen out of use since around 1720 but which he revived.
In March 1810 a New Mexican patrol caught a small group of traders from the United States in the north of the territory, and took them to Santa Fe. Manrique sent them down to Chihuahua, where they spent two years in jail.
It was during Manriques governorship that the first and last election was held for a representative for New Mexico in the Spanish Cortes. The main candidates were Antonio Ortiz, Juan Rafael Ortiz and Pedro Bautista Pino, with the last being chosen to make the long journey to Cadiz.
Lieutenant Colonel don José Manrique and his wife, doña Inez Tellez, are both recorded as residents of Chihuahua when they became the godparents in 1814 of Ramón Ortiz y Miera, son of Antonio Ortiz, who was later to become an influential and patriotic priest during the Mexican–American War of 1846-1848.
References
Citations
Sources
Colonial governors of Santa Fe de Nuevo México
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
RTV Jablanica or Televizija Jablanica is a local Bosnian public cable television channel based in Jablanica municipality. It was established in 1999 when local Radio Jablanica started television broadcasting.
RTV Jablanica broadcasts a variety of programs such as local news, local sports, mosaic and documentaries. Program is mainly produced in Bosnian language.
Radio Jablanica is also part of public municipality services.
References
External links
Official website of RTV Jablanica
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 1999
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
1999 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Steven John Lindsey Croft (born 29 May 1957) is a Church of England bishop and theologian specialising in mission. He has been Bishop of Oxford since the confirmation of his election on 6 July 2016. He was the Bishop of Sheffield from 2008 until 2016; previously he was Archbishops' Missioner and Team Leader of Fresh Expressions, a joint Church of England and Methodist initiative. He falls within the open evangelical tradition of Anglicanism.
Early life and education
Croft was born on 29 May 1957. He attended Heath Grammar School in Halifax and studied classics and theology at Worcester College, Oxford, graduating in 1980. He trained for ordination at Cranmer Hall, Durham, earning a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in 1984 with his thesis The identity of the Individual in the Psalms.
Ministry
Croft was ordained as deacon in the Diocese of London on 25 September 1983 by Bill Westwood, Bishop of Edmonton, at St Andrew's Enfield (his title church). The following year, he was ordained as priest by Graham Leonard, Bishop of London, at St Paul's Cathedral on 23 September 1984. From 1983 to 1987 he was curate of the parish church of St Andrew's Enfield. After that, he became vicar of Ovenden, an Urban Priority Area parish in the Diocese of Wakefield, from 1987 to 1996. In 1997, Croft was made a member of the Church of England Evangelical Council, which he was a part of until 2000.
1996–2004: Warden (i.e. head) of Cranmer Hall
2004–2008: Archbishops' Missioner and first Team Leader of Fresh Expressions
Croft was appointed by the archbishops of Canterbury and York to help found Fresh Expressions, a joint Church of England and Methodist initiative "to help Christians of any denomination think about ways of starting and growing fresh expressions of church in their area" where a fresh expression is defined as "a form of church for our changing culture, established primarily for the benefit of people who are not yet members of any church". In recognition of this work he was awarded the silver Cross of St Augustine by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Episcopal ministry
Croft was nominated as the next bishop of Sheffield, succeeding Jack Nicholls, who retired in July 2008, and formally elected by the Chapter of Sheffield Cathedral in November 2008 (and that election having been confirmed in the interim), he was consecrated as a bishop by John Sentamu, Archbishop of York, on 25 January 2009, at York Minster; and started work in the diocese following his formal enthronement on 9 May 2009. This was followed by three Welcome Eucharists celebrated in various locations around the diocese to allow more people to meet the new bishop.
In 2012, Croft was nominated by Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury, to be the Anglican fraternal delegate to the Synod of Bishops in Rome.
Croft became a member of the House of Lords on 15 July 2013. On 12 April 2016, it was announced that he was to be translated to become Bishop of Oxford in "autumn" 2016; he was duly elected to that see and that election was confirmed at Lambeth Palace on 6 July 2016, at which point Croft became the bishop of Oxford. He was (re-)introduced to the Upper House as Bishop of Oxford on 19 July 2016. Croft is the first bishop of Oxford to reside at the new Bishop's Lodge, Kidlington; "for decades" previously, bishops had resided at Linton Road in North Oxford.
Personal life
Croft was born in Halifax, West Riding of Yorkshire, in 1957. He is married to Ann and has four children.
Protest at his enthronement
Two survivors of clerical child sexual abuse staged a peaceful protest outside Croft's inauguration as Bishop of Oxford on 30 September 2016. One of them said that he had told Croft three times in 2012 and 2013, when Croft was Bishop of Sheffield, of his rape by a serving priest, but the bishop and other senior figures had failed to respond or take action despite the abuser still being alive. The cover of the protest brochure handed out to the public pictured all six bishops who the survivor claimed had failed to respond, including John Sentamu, Archbishop of York. The survivor commented to the Church Times that he was angry that the church had the "nerve" to enthrone bishops after safeguarding complaints had been made against them. He went on to say The protest was shown on ITV and the BBC. Croft met with one of the survivors in front of the news cameras.
Police investigation
In 2018 it was reported in media that Croft was being investigated by South Yorkshire Police, alongside Archbishop Sentamu, Bishop Martyn Snow and Bishop Peter Burrows, for failure to respond properly to a report of clerical child abuse. The priest against whom the allegation was made committed suicide the day before he was due in court in June 2017. The archbishop of York's office said:
A Guardian editorial contrasted Sentamu's response to a statement from Archbishop Justin Welby at the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse, in which Welby stated
Matt Ineson, the victim of the alleged abuse, called for the resignations of Sentamu and Croft. In May 2018, Archbishop Welby declined to discipline Croft,
and said he "will take no further action" other than ensuring that Croft received further safeguarding training and understood his responsibilities as a diocesan bishop.
Styles
The Reverend Steven Croft (1983–1984)
The Reverend Doctor Steven Croft (1984–2009)
The Right Reverend Doctor Steven Croft (2009–present)
Works
The Identity of the Individual in the Psalms, Sheffield Academic Press, 1987
Growing New Christians, CPAS/Marshall Pickering, 1993
Making New Disciples, Marshall Pickering, 1994
Emmaus: the Way of Faith (with Stephen Cottrell, John Finney, Felicity Lawson and Robert Warren), NS/CHP, six volumes, 1996; two volumes, 1998; second edition 200–2003.
Man to Man: Friendship and Faith, Scripture Union, 1999
Ministry in Three Dimensions: Ordination and Leadership in the Local Church, DLT, 1999, second edition, 2008
Travelling Well: A companion guide to the Christian faith (with Stephen Cottrell), NS/CHP, 2000.
The Lord is Risen: Luke 24, Emmaus Bible Resources 1, NS/CHP, 2002
Missionary Journeys, Missionary Church: Acts 13-20, Emmaus Bible Resources 2, NS/CHP 2002
Transforming Communities: Re-Imagining the Church for the 21st Century, DLT, 2002
A Theology of Christian Leadership in Focus on Leadership, Foundation for Church Leadership, 2005.
Learning for Ministry (with Roger Walton), CHP, 2005
Evangelism in a Spiritual Age (with Rob Frost, Mark Ireland, Anne Richards, Yvonne Richmond and Nick Spencer), CHP, 2005
Moving on in a Mission Shaped Church (booklet with George Lings), CHP, 2005
Starting a Fresh Expression (booklet with George Lings and Claire Dalpra), CHP 2006
Listening for Mission (booklet with Bob Hopkins and Freddy Hedley) CHP, 2006
Bishops' Mission Orders: a beginners' guide (booklet with Paul Bayes) CHP, 2008
Encouraging fresh expressions (booklet), Fresh Expressions, 2008
The Future of the Parish System: shaping the Church of England for the 21st Century (editor and contributor), CHP, 2006
The Advent Calendar (a novel for adults and children), DLT, 2006
Mission-shaped Questions: defining issues for today's church, (editor and contributor), CHP, 2008
Reflections for Daily Prayer: Advent to 2 before Lent(section on Ecclesiastes), CHP, 2008
Jesus' People - What the church should do next, CHP, 2009
References
External links
Croft's blog
1957 births
Living people
Bishops of Sheffield
Lords Spiritual
People from Halifax, West Yorkshire
21st-century Church of England bishops
Alumni of Worcester College, Oxford
People educated at Heath Grammar School
Recipients of the Cross of St Augustine
Alumni of Cranmer Hall, Durham
Staff of Cranmer Hall, Durham
Evangelical Anglican bishops
Evangelical Anglican theologians
The District Council of Upper Wakefield was a local government area in South Australia centred on the town of Auburn from 1854 until 1970.
History
The District Council of Upper Wakefield was proclaimed on 19 October 1854 by secession of the Hundred of Upper Wakefield from the District Council of Clare, which had been established in the preceding year.
In 1970 the council amalgamated with the District Council of Saddleworth to form the District Council of Saddleworth and Auburn.
Chairs
Incomplete list:
Joseph Stear Cole (1854–?)
James English (c1883–?)
J. J. Duncan
J. Robertson (1901–1904)
J. G. Williams (1904–?)
E. W. Castine (1907)
D. Garrett (?–1921)
G. W. Parker (1922–1923)
B. H. Roberts (1924–1933)
G. W. Williams (1934–1935)
References
Upper Wakefield
1854 establishments in Australia
1970 disestablishments in Australia
John McGurk (born 3 November 1965) is a former dual player of Gaelic games who played Gaelic football at senior level for the Derry county team in the 1980s and 1990s. He was part of Derry's 1993 All-Ireland Championship winning side and also won two Ulster Championships with the side. For his performances in the 1993 Championship he won an All Stars Award.
McGurk also won the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship in 1991 with his club Lavey, where he was captain. He was one of very few players in Ireland to complete this unique double and almost did the extreme rarity of winning both competitions in the same year in 1993, but Lavey were defeated in the All-Ireland club after winning their second Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.
McGurk played most football career in defence, but did play in attack for Lavey sometimes.
Personal life
McGurk was born in Lavey, County Londonderry, and attended school at St Patrick's College, Maghera. All seven of his brothers were keen sportsmen. Anthony McGurk won All Star awards in 1973 and 1975, Collie was also in the 1993 panel and Hugh Martin captained Derry in the 1980s.
He has three sons, James, Patrick and Marc and a daughter, Fíadh, with his girlfriend Helen, who won an All-Ireland intermediate club camogie championship with Lavey.
In April 2016, McGurk pleaded guilty to the theft of £572,206 from a construction company between 2006 and 2011. He was sentenced to ten months imprisonment in May 2016, of which he served 5 and a half.
Inter-county career
McGurk won an Ulster Minor Championship and All-Ireland Minor Championship with Derry in 1983.
He made his Derry senior debut in 1988 as a 19-year-old against Antrim in the National Football League. He was part of Derry's 1993 Ulster Championship and All-Ireland winning team, which beat Cork in the final. McGurk added a second Ulster Championship medal in 1998.
He won National Football League medals with Derry in 1992, 1995 and 1996.
Hurling
Among McGurk's hurling honours was winning the Ulster Under 21 Hurling Championship with Derry in 1986, defeating Antrim and Down along the way. He scored 1-01 against Antrim in the semi-final at Loughguile in a 2-20 to 1-06 victory. They beat Down in the final after a reply; 3-09 to 1-02. McGurk's brother Collie was also part of the panel.
Club career
He made his club debut when 15 years old and won a large array of medals with Lavey. He won four Derry Senior Football Championships and two Ulster Senior Club Football Championship. The highlight of his club career was captaining Lavey to victory in the 1991 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship. He said "My greatest memory is of lifting the Cup and seeing the whole parish of Lavey down below me in Croke Park". He also won the Derry Senior Hurling Championship on a number of occasions.
References
1965 births
Living people
Derry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Derry hurlers
Dual players
Lavey Gaelic footballers
Lavey hurlers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
Radical 95 or radical profound () meaning "dark" or "" is one of the 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are only six characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical. In addition, the final dot stroke of the character in the Kangxi Dictionary was omitted () to avoid using the same character in Kangxi Emperor's name (see naming taboo).
This radical is not used in Simplified Chinese dictionaries.
Evolution
Derived characters
Variant forms
There is a design nuance in different printing typefaces for this radical character, akin to the differences found in radical 亠 and 幺. Traditionally, the first stroke is a vertical dot in printing typefaces, and the two turning strokes are broken into two respectively to adapt to the carving of movable type systems, and usually there is a gap between the third and the fourth strokes. Currently, in both Simplified Chinese and Traditional Chinese, the first stroke becomes a slant dot, and the discontinuous turning strokes are merged into one to imitate its handwriting form, though the traditional printing form is still widely used in Traditional Chinese publication. The traditional form remains standard in modern Japanese and Korean printing typefaces.
The difference of the upper part 亠 applies to both printing typefaces and handwriting forms; The difference of the lower part 幺 exists only in printing typefaces, not in any handwriting form.
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+7384
Chinese Etymology
Chinese Text Project (character list)
095
The 2004 Sabah state election was held on Sunday, 21 March 2004, concurrently with the 2004 Malaysian general election. This election featured 12 new state seats increasing the total seats from 48 to 60. There was also an additional three parliament seats in Sabah following the 2003 delineation of electoral boundaries. The Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition comprehensively won this election after the only major opposition party in Sabah Parti Bersatu Sabah joined the BN coalition in 2002.
Results
Barisan Nasional won 59 out of 60 state seats. Out of the 59 seats won, 8 seats was won uncontested. One state seat was won by independent candidate Johan Ghani in Kuala Penyu.
BN also won 24 out of 25 parliamentary seats in Sabah, where 9 seats was won uncontested. One parliamentary seat was won by independent candidate Chong Hon Ming in Sandakan.
|-
! rowspan=2 colspan=4 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" | Party
! rowspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Candidates
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Vote
! colspan=3 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Seats
|-
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |Won
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" |+/–
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" | National Front || BN || 60 || || || 59 || 98.33 || +28
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| rowspan=7|
| style="background-color: #E62020;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |United Malays National Organisation || UMNO || 32 || || || 32 || 53.33 || +8
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #ADD8E6;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |United Sabah Party|| PBS || 13 || || || 13 || 21.67 || -4
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #00008B;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |United Pasokmomogun Kadazandusun Murut Organisation || UPKO || 6 || || || 5 || 8.33 || New
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: ;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Sabah Progressive Party || SAPP || 4 || || || 4 || 6.67 || +1
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #FF7F00;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Liberal Democratic Party || LDP || 3 || || || 3 || 5.00 || +1
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #0000FF;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Malaysian Chinese Association || MCA || 1 || || || 1 || 1.67 || +1
|-style="background:#EFEFEF;"
| style="background-color: #FEDF00;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |United Sabah People's Party || PBRS || 1 || || || 1 || 1.67 || +1
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" |Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party|| PAS || || || || 0 || 0.00 || 0
|-
| style="background-color: ;" |
| colspan=2 style="text-align:left;" | Independents || IND || || || || 1 || 1.67 || +1
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Valid votes|| ||rowspan=2 colspan="4" style="background-color:#dcdcdc"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Invalid/blank votes||
|-
| colspan="5" style="text-align:left;" | Total votes (voter turnout: %) || || 100.00 || 60 || 100.00 || +12
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Did not vote|| ||rowspan="4" colspan="4" style="background-color:#dcdcdc"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Registered voters||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Voting age population (aged 21 years and above)||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="5" |Sabah's population||
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan=10 |
Source:
|}
References
2004
2004 elections in Malaysia
Rajamäki may refer to:
Place
Rajamäki (village), Finland
Surname
Antti Rajamäki (born 1952), Finnish sprinter
Kari Rajamäki (born 1948), Finnish politician
Marko Rajamäki (born 1968), Finnish football manager
Susanna Rajamäki (born 1979), Finnish athlete
ICFAI University, Jharkhand, or in its full name Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India University, Jharkhand, is a private university located in Ranchi, Jharkhand, India.
See also
Education in India
List of private universities in India
List of institutions of higher education in Jharkhand
References
External links
Private universities in India
2008 establishments in Jharkhand
Universities in Jharkhand
Ioannis Marangos (; ; 31 March 1833, Ano Syros – 17 December 1891, Smyrna), was a Roman Catholic archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Athens.
Biography
After primary preliminary studies in Ano Syros and the School of the Franciscans in Naxos, Marangos, at the suggestion of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Syros Aloisiou Vlaga, he departed for Rome to prepare for the priestly vocation. In 1856 he was ordained a priest and returned to Syros. Due to lack of priests he was called to Patras where there served the Catholic community in the Parish Church of Saint Andrew.
In 1856, at the age of 33, Marangos was elected assistant bishop of Tinos and Mykonos next to Bishop Francis Zaloni. With Zaloni's death in 1866, Pope Pius IX named him Bishop of Tinos-Mykonos. Besides the great efforts he raised the intellectual and cultural level of the congregation at that time, that numbered 6,000 faithful, made completions in the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary of Xynaras, built a new Hall Episcopal Seminary and founded the church administration. Beside these facts, he organized the Archives of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naxos, Andros, Tinos and Mykonos, which is among the East's richest archives. Marangos took part in the First Vatican Council, where, because of his high theological training, he was elected Rapporteur of the Commission on Dogma.
On 10 August 1874, King George I of Greece by royal decree recognized Marangos as being entrusted with the episcopal functions in those parts of the Kingdom in which no other Western Church Bishops had.
With the reestablishment of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Athens, Pius IX appointed him to it. Marangos helped to support those affected by the earthquakes of Cephalonia and Aigio, as well as helped those in need after the unfortunate Cretan Revolt against the Turks. For this reason he was honored by the Greek State to the distinction of Commander of the Royal Order of the Redeemer.
He died aged 58 in Smyrna where he had traveled to participate in the local session. The funeral sequence was in the Cathedral Basilica of St. Dionysius the Areopagite and was attended by the Prime Minister of Greece, ministers, the mayor and the crowd of Catholic and Orthodox faithful.
References
Sources
Gazette of the Kingdom of Greece, No. 52/1874, p. 1
M. N. Roussos, Epifaneis Syrianoi, Athens, 1986, pp. 53–58
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bmarango.html
1833 births
1891 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Greece
Apostolic Nuncios to Greece
People from Ano Syros
Participants in the First Vatican Council
Roman Catholic archbishops of Athens
History of Christianity in Greece
Murder in Greenwich Village is a 1937 American mystery film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Richard Arlen, Fay Wray and Raymond Walburn. The screenplay involves an heiress who is falsely accused of murder. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Lionel Banks and Stephen Goosson.
Plot
When she is falsely accused of murder, an heiress ropes in a photographer to provide her with an alibi.
Cast
Richard Arlen as Steve Havens Jackson Jr.
Fay Wray as Kay Cabot aka Lucky
Raymond Walburn as The Senator
Wyn Cahoon as Flo Melville
Scott Kolk as Larry Foster (as Scott Kolton)
Thurston Hall as Charles Cabot
Marc Lawrence as Rusty Morgan
Gene Morgan as Henderson
Mary Russell as Antoinette aka Angel Annie McGillicutty
George McKay as Officer
Leon Ames as Rodney Hunter
Barry Macollum as Murphy
Marjorie Reynolds as Molly Murphy
See also
List of American films of 1937
References
External links
1937 films
1937 mystery films
1930s English-language films
American mystery films
Films directed by Albert S. Rogell
Columbia Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Elections for the Maryland Senate were held on November 6, 2018, with all 47 seats being contested. Republicans had initially hoped to break the Democrats' supermajority in the upper chamber by knocking off five incumbents, known as their "Drive for Five" plan. Though they did make a net gain of one seat, they came short of their goal. Three seats switched hands: District 9 in Carroll and Howard Counties flipped from Republican to Democratic while District 38 in Somerset, Wicomico, and Worcester Counties and District 42 in Baltimore County both flipped from Democrats to Republicans.
The Maryland Senate has been in Democratic hands since the elections of 1900. Despite Governor Larry Hogan's success in his gubernatorial race at the top of the ticket, nobody expected Republicans to come close to recapturing the majority. In terms of popular vote, Maryland's Republican Senate candidates performed significantly worse than they previously had in 2014.
Summary
Closest races
Seats where the margin of victory was under 10%:
Election results
All election results are from the Maryland Board of Elections.
District 1
District 2
District 3
District 4
District 5
District 6
District 7
District 8
District 9
District 10
District 11
District 12
District 13
District 14
District 15
District 16
District 17
District 18
District 19
District 20
District 21
District 22
District 23
District 24
District 25
District 26
District 27
District 28
District 29
District 30
District 31
District 32
District 33
District 34
District 35
District 36
District 37
District 38
District 39
District 40
District 41
District 42
District 43
District 44
District 45
District 46
District 47
References
2018
Senate
Maryland General Assembly
The 1985–86 season was Clydebank's twentieth season in the Scottish Football League. They competed in the Scottish Premier Division for the second time in their history and finished at the foot of the table but spared relegation due to league reconstruction when the Premier League expanded to 12 teams from the following season. They also competed in the Scottish League Cup and Scottish Cup.
Results
Premier Division
Final League table
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Cup
References
Clydebank
Clydebank F.C. (1965) seasons
Mongolia participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974. Athletes from Mongolia won overall 15 medals, including two gold, and finished tenth in a medal table.
Medal summary
Medals by sport
Medalists
Athletics
Boxing
Shooting
Weightlifting
Wrestling
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
Events from the year 1750 in Great Britain.
Incumbents
Monarch – George II
Prime Minister – Henry Pelham (Whig)
Parliament – 10th
Events
17 January – John Canton reads a paper in the presence of the Royal Society of London on a method of making artificial magnets.
8 February – an earthquake is felt in London.
8 March – a second more powerful earthquake is felt in London.
20 March – Samuel Johnson begins publication of the periodical The Rambler.
11 April – Jack Slack (A Butcher of Norwich) Defeats Jack Broughton to become bare knuckle boxing Champion of England
24 June – Iron Act, passed by Parliament, comes into effect, restricting manufacture of iron products in the American colonies.
5 October – Treaty of Madrid, a commercial treaty with Spain, is signed.
18 November – Westminster Bridge is officially opened for the general public to use, the only fixed crossing of the River Thames between London Bridge and Putney.
Undated
Establishment of the Jockey Club.
Thomas Gainsborough's painting Mr and Mrs Andrews.
Births
24 January – Helen Gloag, Scottish-born slave Empress of Morocco (died 1790)
18 February – David Bogue, nonconformist leader (died 1825)
April – Joanna Southcott, religious fanatic (died 1814)
2 May – John André, British Army officer of the American Revolutionary War (died 1780)
6 June – William Morgan, actuary (died 1833)
13 June – James Burney, admiral (died 1821)
26 September – Cuthbert Collingwood, 1st Baron Collingwood, admiral (died 1810)
Deaths
7 February – Algernon Seymour, 7th Duke of Somerset, aristocrat (born 1684)
8 February – Aaron Hill, dramatist (born 1685)
29 March – James Jurin, physician and mathematician (born 1684)
7 April – George Byng, 3rd Viscount Torrington, general (born 1701)
28 July – Conyers Middleton, religious controversialist and classical scholar (born 1683)
8 August – Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond, aristocrat, philanthropist and cricket patron (born 1701)
3 October – 'Captain' James MacLaine (or Maclean), gentleman highwayman (born 1724) (hanged at Tyburn)
13 December – Philemon Ewer, shipbuilder (born 1702)
References
Years in Great Britain
Arnold Orowae (born June 15, 1955 in Aiopa) is a Papua New Guinean clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wabag. He was appointed bishop in 2008.
See also
Catholic Church in Papua New Guinea
References
External links
Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Wabag
Living people
1955 births
Vithal Venkatesh Kamat is an Indian hotelier and environmentalist who is Executive Chairman and Managing Director of Kamat Hotels Group Limited. He is a Konkani GSB. Well known successful marathi personality
Early life and career
He was born to Venkatesh Kamat in Mumbai. His father worked as a dishwasher and busboy. In 1952 he opened his first restaurant 'Satkar'. Vithal joined his father in 1970 and is now the Chairman of Asia's first Ecotel hotel "The Orchid".
He worked as a cook in a restaurant in London and learnt the hotel business skills there. After returning to India he started with the basic principles of green development, and opened India's first Ecotel hotel "The Orchid". He visits faculty at IIM Ahmedabad, BITS Pilani and many management institutes in India and abroad. In 1984 Kamat bought a four-star hotel 'Airport Plaza' and changed its name to Kamat Plaza.
Environmentalist
He planted more than 60 lakh trees and transformed over 100 acres of hillock into medicinal plants and local trees for forestation. He is also credited with constructing the first Butterfly Garden in Mumbai and other gardens across Mumbai and Navi Mumbai, in addition to the Child Gives Birth to a Mother monuments erected in various parts of the country.
Kamat is involved with more than 1200 Advance Locality Management for maintaining clean and hygienic streets in India. His annual practices include the conversion of over 100 tons of ‘Nirmalya' (flower offerings) into manure after the Ganapati immersions in Mumbai. His hotel is also fully eco-friendly.
Conservationist
As a conservationist and an ornithologist by nature, he has created ‘Raghu–Chivu Galli' (Parrot & Sparrow Street) in Mumbai, preservation and procreation of Turtle Eggs in Konkan and Orissa, and the conservation of deer near Fort Jadhavgadh, Pune. He is also in the process of setting up a ‘Dolphin Observatory Centre' in Chilika Lake, Orissa. A keen Antiquarian with a collection of over 35,000 exhibits, Kamat has also set up ‘Aai' - The ‘Mother Museum' in Mumbai and Fort Jadhavgadh, Pune.
Art Collector
Kamat is also a fine art collector who collects artifacts and antiquities from across the country. Kamat opened a small public showcase of antiques called Aai Museum in The Orchid hotel Mumbai. His Churchgate residence has 10,800 Ganesha statues and 11,000 turtle artifacts. He also owns India's first museum hotel - Fort Jadhavgadh.
Awards and recognition
Kamat received more than 110 national and international awards that includes Best CEO of Industry Award by The Indian Express, Golden Peacock Award received from the Dalai Lama, Lifetime Achievement Award 2012 in Germany, Green Hotelier Award 2010, Rajiv Gandhi Environment Award 2010, Golden Peacock Environment Management Award 2010 by Ola Ullsten.
He was the President of the Maharashtra Economic Development Council (MEDC), Vice President of the Hotel and Restaurant Association of Western India, Member of the Priyadarshini Academies Global Award Advisory Committee, and Chairman of the Technical Education Mumbai Board to name a few.
Bibliography
Yash Apyash Aani Mi,
Idli Orchid & Will Power,
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Indian hoteliers
Indian business executives
Businesspeople from Maharashtra
People from Maharashtra
Indian male writers
The Women's 1500m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 11 at 14:55 local time.
Results
References
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships
World
Angela Orebaugh is a cyber technology and security author and researcher. In 2011, she was selected as Booz Allen Hamilton's first Cybersecurity Fellow. She is an assistant professor at the University of Virginia School of Continuing and Professional Studies, and serves there as the program director for certificates in cybersecurity.
Education
Orebaugh received undergraduate and masters degrees from James Madison University, completing the masters in 1999. She completed a PhD at George Mason University in 2014 under the direction of Jeremy Allnutt and Jason Kinser. Her thesis title was Analyzing Instant Messaging Writeprints as a Behavioral Biometric Element of Cybercrime Investigations.
Works
Books
Orebaugh, A. et al. Nmap in the Enterprise, Syngress Publishing, , 2008.
Orebaugh, A. et al. How to Cheat at Configuring Open Source Security Tools , Syngress Publishing, , 2007.
Orebaugh, A. et al. Wireshark & Ethereal Network Protocol Analyzer Toolkit, Syngress Publishing, , 2006.
Orebaugh, A., Biles, S., Babbin, J., Snort Cookbook, OReilly Publishing, , 2005.
Orebaugh, A., Rash, M., Babbin, J. and Pinkard, B., Intrusion Prevention and Active Response: Deploying Network and Host IPS, Syngress Publishing, , 2005.
Orebaugh, A., Ethereal Packet Sniffing, Syngress Publishing, Boston, MA., , 2004.
NIST Publications
NIST Information Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM) for Federal Information Systems and Organizations. Special Publication 800-137, 2011.
NIST Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment, Special Publication 800-115, 2008.
NIST Guide to SSL VPNs, Special Publication 800-113, 2008.
NIST Guide to IPSEC VPNs. Special Publication 800-77, 2005.
Article
, (with Ed Covert)
References
Writers about computer security
American computer scientists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American technology writers
People from Virginia
American women computer scientists
James Madison University alumni
George Mason University alumni
Harvard University alumni
People associated with computer security
University of Virginia faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
The Rugby League World Cup is an international rugby league tournament currently played every four years. The first tournament was held in 1954, hosted by France who had pushed for such a tournament to be approved. Since the first edition, 14 others have been held at sporadic intervals.
Establishment
Since 1935, the French had been campaigning this initiative of an international tournament like the World Cup. Previously, nations had done tours of other test playing nations, however there wasn't one particular unifying tournament between rugby league's best nations. Eventually, in 1951, Paul Barrière, the president of French Rugby League at the time, raised the idea of the World Cup. A year later, Rugby Football League secretary Bill Fallowfield persuaded the Rugby League Council to back the idea. The following year, at a meeting in Blackpool, the International Board accepted Barrière's proposal of the World Cup. Then, in 1954, the first tournament was conducted in Barrière's home nation, with Great Britain, Australia and New Zealand rounding out the four team tournament. In the final, Great Britain downed France 16–12 at the Parc des Princes in Paris in front of 30,368 fans on 13 November. France then donated the trophy (now known as the Paul Barrière Trophy) to the International Board. The cup, at the time, was worth eight million francs and is still in use today.
Early tournaments
In the next tournament three years later, it was decided that the four nations from the first tournament would play each other again in a round-robin format, however with no final, so the team which finished on top would be the victors. Australia went on to win the 1957 tournament on home soil. The tournament returned again three years later, with Great Britain taking the tournament out at home. That tournament was widely regarded as a great success.
It was not until eight years later when the tournament would return. There were plans, announced at a 1962 International Board meeting by Bill Fallowfield, for a 1965 tournament which would return to France and feature South Africa for the first time. These plans were later scrapped after a poor tour of Australia by the planned hosts France. In 1968, the competition returned with Australia beating France in the first final since the inaugural competition 20–2 at the Sydney Cricket Ground in front of 54,290 people. That tournament also featured Australia's highest crowd for a World Cup match, with 62,256 people in attendance at the SCG for their pool match against Great Britain. The hosts won that match 25–10. The tournament was then held every two years, with Australia becoming the first nation to retain their title, doing so over in England in 1970 and Great Britain winning their third and last competition in France in 1972. They won this tournament, despite tying with Australia 10–all in the final, because of their superior group stage record.
Decentralised tournament
In 1975, the tournament faced a major change, with matches being played on a home and away basis all over the world instead of in one central location. Also, for the first time, England and Wales participated instead of Great Britain, creating a five team tournament. A final was not planned for that tournament, with the winner meant to have come from the team who finished top. However, despite finishing first, Australia hadn't defeated England yet so they played a challenge match against the English at Headingley. This didn't prove to be an issue for the Australians however, as they won that match 25–0 in front of 7,680 people.
In 1977, Great Britain returned as a single, combined entity and the World Cup temporarily returned to having a centralised host, with Australia and New Zealand sharing the privilege. The final was closely fought, with Australia coming out on top against Great Britain 13–12 at the SCG. However, due to the constant tinkering with the format of the tournament, the public was starting to lose interest, and it would be eight years until the tournament returned.
The next tournament was held across four years, from 1985 to 1988, with the teams playing each other twice both at home and away. This tournament also saw the debut of Papua New Guinea, who triumphantly beat New Zealand 24–22 at the PNG Football Stadium (then called Lloyd Robson Oval) in Port Moresby. This tournament culminated with Australia defeating New Zealand 25–12 in the final at Auckland's Eden Park in front of 47,363 people, the largest rugby league crowd New Zealand has ever seen. The format remained for the following edition, which ran between 1989 and 1992. This tournament was won again by Australia, who defeated Great Britain 10–6 in the final at the Wembley Stadium in front of 73,361, a record crowd for the tournament not broken until the 2013 final at Old Trafford. That tournament would also be the last to feature Great Britain, with England and Wales taking their place.
Expansion
For the 1995 World Cup, various changes were made to the format and running of the tournament. The tournament returned to having a centralised host, with England and Wales jointly hosting the tournament. The tournament also expanded to ten teams, with Fiji, Samoa, South Africa and Tonga making their tournament debuts. Also, due to the Super League war, the Australian team was weakened as players contracted to the Super League clubs were unable to be selected for the Kangaroos. The teams were split into three groups, with Group A containing four teams whilst B and C contained three teams each. The top two teams of Group A, alongside the winners of Groups B and C, formed the semi final stage. Here, England beat Wales 25–10 while Australia beat New Zealand 30–20 after extra time. The final was won by Australia, 16–8 at the Wembley Stadium. This tournament also celebrated the 100th anniversary of rugby league and was a success, with crowds upwards of 250,000 people attending the group stages and 66,540 at the final match.
The 2000 World Cup then took place five years later in the British Isles and France. This time it held a further expanded field of sixteen teams, including the debuts of Cook Islands, Ireland, Lebanon, Russia, Scotland and Aotearoa Māori, who were a representative team made up of players of Māori descent. These teams were drawn into four groups of four teams each, where the top two teams in each group qualified for the knockout stage. The Final was played at Manchester's Old Trafford in front of 44,329 people. It was played between Australia and New Zealand, with Australia winning 40–12.
To mark the centenary of rugby league in Australia, the World Cup was brought back eight years later, and the 2008 World Cup occurred along the east coast of the nation. This tournament saw the number of teams cut to ten, with one super group of four and two smaller groups with three teams in each. Prior to the tournament, Australia beat New Zealand 58–0 in a warm-up match. However, this was not at all a foreshadowing of the tournament which was just about to occur. The opening ceremony took place on 26 October, with a match between the Indigenous Dreamtime and the New Zealand Māori representative teams acting as a curtain raiser for the tournament at the Sydney Football Stadium. The Dreamtime side won 34–26. Australia beat New Zealand in the official tournament opener 30–6 in front of 34,157 fans. After their massive loss before the tournament, the Kiwis went into the final destined for revenge, but an upset would be needed to stop the rampaging Australian side, who had defeated Fiji 52–0 in the semi-finals. To the shock of the rugby league world, the Kiwis won against the Kangaroos, 34–20, in one of the shock international rugby league results of all time. This would be the first World Cup win for the Kiwis, who had participated in every edition of the tournament. Controversy occurred after the match, with Australia coach Ricky Stuart verbally attacking Geoff Carr, the head of the ARL, alongside aggressively intimidating referee Ashley Klein and Stuart Cummings, the RFL director of match officials, at the hotel. This led to Stuart's resignation. Off the field, the tournament was a massive success, with an average attendance 91% higher than that of the tournament eight years prior. The final also sold out months in advance.
Regular competition
Five years following, England and Wales, with games also in Ireland and France, hosted the 14-team 2013 World Cup, which has been considered the most successful tournament to date. The tournament opened with a double-header at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, with debutants Italy beating Wales 32–16 before Australia defeated England 28–20 in front of 45,052 fans. This crowd was the largest opening day crowd and the largest rugby league crowd in Wales. The tournament also saw the largest rugby league crowd in Ireland, with 5,021 watching Ireland go down to Australia 50–0 at Limerick's Thomond Park. Another success story of the tournament was the United States making the quarter finals on their tournament debut, before succumbing to Australia 62–0. The semi-finals were played at Wembley Stadium, with 67,545 people attending the double-header, with New Zealand defeating England 20–18 thanks to a last minute try by Shaun Johnson before Australia defeated Fiji 64–0 directly after. The final was then played at Old Trafford, where Australia won their tenth World Cup, defeating New Zealand 34–2 in front of 74,468 people, the largest international rugby league crowd of all time.
After the successful 2013 tournament, a regular schedule was determined with the tournament planned every four years. As a result of this, the 2017 World Cup took place in Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea four years later. The tournament initially grew traction after high-profile stars Jason Taumalolo and Andrew Fifita led a wave of players pledging their international allegiance to Tonga, their nation of heritage, instead of New Zealand and Australia. Using the same format as the previous tournament, various upsets sprung in the matches, with Lebanon defeating France, and both Tonga and Fiji defeating New Zealand, giving the Kiwis their worst result since the expansion of the tournament in some rugby league's shock all-time results. Lebanon and Tonga both saw their best tournament performances, reaching the quarter finals and semi finals respectively. The tournament also featured three sell-out matches at the PNG Football Stadium in Port Moresby involving the home nation and a full crowd of 30,003 at Auckland's Mount Smart Stadium, who witnessed the tense semi-final between England and Tonga. One particular controversy was that Sydney only hosted two low/mid-drawing matches both involving Lebanon. The tournament organisers however defended this "Sydney Cup snub". The final was again played at Brisbane's Lang Park, with 40,033 fans witnessing Australia defeat England 6–0 to claim their eleventh tournament.
The 2021 World Cup, hosted by England, will return to the 16-team format utilised in 2000. The tournament will also feature the debuts of Greece and Jamaica. On 5 August 2021, following the withdrawals of Australia and New Zealand due of the COVID-19 pandemic, the tournament was postponed to 2022.
Evolution of the format
Winning teams, captains and managers
References
Rugby League World Cup
History of rugby league
Lindsay Grigg (born May 26, 1993) is a women's ice hockey player. Having played at the NCAA level with the RIT Tigers women's ice hockey program, she was a member of the Buffalo Beauts of the National Women's Hockey League during the 2015–16 NWHL season, the first in league history. Grigg has also competed for the Canada women's national inline hockey team. For the 2016–17 season, Grigg has signed a contract to play with the HV71 club, part of Sweden's Riksserien league.
Playing career
During the 2010–11 PWHL season, Grigg played for the Oakville Hornets, serving as team captain. Of note, she would also have the honor of the captaincy bestowed upon her during her junior and senior seasons at RIT.
NCAA
With 6:17 left in the second overtime of the 2014 College Hockey American championship game, Grigg scored the game-winning goal, as RIT won their first conference championship in NCAA Division I play, prevailing by a 2–1 tally against the Mercyhurst Lakers.
During her junior season at RIT, Grigg blocked 127 shots, which led the NCAA, setting a new program record. Of note, she would lead the Tigers in scoring during her senior season.
Inline hockey
Grigg joined the Canadian women's senior inline hockey team in 2012, capturing a gold medal at the World Championships. With Canada's inline team, she was their scoring leader at the 2016 Inline World Hockey Championships in Asiago, logging ten points. Of note, she ranked fifth overall among all female competitors
In addition, Grigg served as an assistant coach for the Canadian junior women's inline hockey team that competed at the FIRS world junior championships in 2014, hosted by France.
Awards and honours
2014–15 CHA Best Defensive Forward
2015 CHA All-Tournament Team
2015 College Hockey America All-Academic honors
Career stats
References
External links
Lindsay Grigg at RIT Tigers
1993 births
Buffalo Beauts players
Canadian women's ice hockey defencemen
Canadian women's national inline hockey team players
Living people
Premier Hockey Federation players
RIT Tigers women's ice hockey players
Miss University of Florida Pageant and the Miss Florida Gator Pageant is the University of Florida's official pageant competition that is part of the larger Miss Florida and Miss America pageants. Florida Blue Key organizes the Miss University of Florida pageant.
Winners
See also
Florida Blue Key
References
External links
Florida Blue Key Miss University of Florida
Photos of Miss University of Florida contestants and winners in the University of Florida Archives Photographs Collection, one of the collections in the University of Florida Digital Collections
University of Florida
1950 establishments in Florida
American awards
University of Florida
Awards established in 1950
History of women in Florida
Percy Heath was a musician.
Percy Heath may also refer to:
Percy Heath (cricketer) in Hong Kong national cricket team
Percy Heath (screenwriter) (1884-1933), American screenwriter
The Midland Group was an organisation that presented new art in Nottingham and the East Midlands between 1943 and 1987.
History 1943–1987
The Midland Group of Artists was established in Nottingham in 1943. Its first gallery occupied one room, at 38 Bridlesmith Gate. After several moves the group settled at 11 East Circus Street from 1961–1977. Throughout the sixties, it provided 'a forum for progressive and experimental visual arts in Nottingham'. In 1976 the group was re-formed as the Midland Art and Community Centre Ltd, although it continued to be popularly known as the Midland Group. With the aid of a series of Arts Council grants, it re-located to new premises in the Lace Market district of Nottingham, leasing a property at Carlton Street from Nottingham City Council. The move officially took place in 1977, although the new premises only became usable in stages as various parts of the building were renovated and refurbished according to the Group's plans, creating designated spaces for administration, exhibitions, performance and cinema, as well as a roof terrace, bar and shop.
The Midland Group frequently reached out to other regional arts centres around the country. Most prominent among these were Bristol's Arnolfini Gallery and the Ikon in Birmingham. A representative from the Arnolfini served on the general committee of the Midland Group in 1974 and in the same year, in the lead-up to company registration, a committee member had reported that the Ikon's constitution could 'serve as a good model' on which to base that of the Midland Group . In addition, there are records of an official visit conducted by the Director to the Arnolfini (1975) and an 'experimental cultural visit' to Amsterdam with the Ikon (1983).
At Carlton Street, the Midland Group continued to programme a wide range of events and exhibitions. Following its reincorporation as an Art Centre in 1976, a number of sub-committees were created in areas including Craft, Film, Fine Art, Photography and Performance. In the 1980s the Midland Group had a particularly profound effect on the development of Performance and Live Art, Its 'Performance Platform' organised by Steve Rogers, was the starting point for the National Review of Live Art.
Also important to its work as an arts centre at this time was the Group's education programme, including outreach work with local schools during the 1970s and 1980s.
When the Midland Group dissolved in 1987, its New Cinema was merged with the Nottingham Film Theatre to become City Lights Cinema. Likely contributing factors to its eventual dissolution in the 1980s were government spending cuts and problematic management regimes. Although they may be a subject of intrigue, the causes of its demise do not relate directly to the work that was carried out by the Group in terms of exhibitions, events and education.
Legacies
The New Midland Group is an artists' led consortium for Nottingham city made up of three independent artist studios Backlit, One Thoresby Street and Primary developing the ongoing legacy of The Midland Group.
The Midland Group Archives (Nottinghamshire County Archive)
The Midland Group's collected paperwork was deposited with Nottinghamshire County Archive in January 1988. The period following company registration (1976-1987) contains the most comprehensive holdings and the earliest extent of the archive is a series of secretarial reports from 1961–1965. The period documented by the Archives records the Group's changing form, from a gallery to an arts centre, with the development of the new Carlton St premises being a key part of that process.
Up until its incorporation as a limited company in 1976, the Midland Group is said to have 'always been organised on a fairly informal basis' . During this time, the key actor was Sylvia Cooper, who, in her role as the Group's first full-time Director from 1963, organised much of the Group's activities including writing to artists, events management, fundraising, curating exhibitions and hiring staff. During this time a general committee did exist, including representatives from the local city and county councils and the UK Arts Council.
After Silvia Cooper's retirement from the Group in 1979, a number of group members were employed as Director or Acting Director. In 1983, funding was devolved from the Arts Council to East Midlands Arts, coinciding with the East Midlands Arts review of the Midland Group . In 1981 it was noted that the Arts Council and East Midlands Arts were 'unhappy with the structure of the Midland Group', a view which indicates the increased involvement of national and regional structures in the direction of the Group at this time.
Selected exhibitions and events (1961–1986)
1961 Midland Young Contemporaries
1961 Modern Argentine Painting & Sculpture
1962 Group Project One – A Demonstration of Visual Sensations
1962 New Art from Rhodesia
1966 New American Painting & Sculpture (Incl. Roy Lichtenstein, Jackson Pollock, Andy Warhol)
1968 Six Latin American Countries: Argentina: Angelica Caporaso, Cesar Cofone, Armando Durante, Lea Lublin, Gabriel Messil, Honorio Morales, Julio Le Parc, Armando Rearte, Emilio Renart, Antonio Segni, Uruburu; Brazil: Dora Basilio, Sergio Camargo, Lygia Clark, Servulo Esmeraldo, Marcelo Grassman, Roberto Delamonica, Helio Oiticica, Rossini Perez, Arthur Luiz Piza; Chile: Nemesio Antunez, Jose Balmes, Ernesto Barreda, Gracia Barrios, Roberto Matta, Guillermo Nunez, Rodolfo Opazo, Dolores Walker, Enrique Zanartu; Mexico: Feliciano Bejar, Jorge Dubon, Raul Herrera, Emilio Ortiz, Felipe Pena, J. Tellosa, Francisco Lopez Toledo, Rodolfo Zanabria; Uruguay: Taller De Montevideo, Torres Garcia; Venezuela: Carlos Cruz-Diez
1969 Bridget Riley
1969 Ten Dutch Artists (Kees van Bohemen, Bonies, Mark Brusse, Ad Dekkers, Jos Manders, Martin Rons, Jan Schoonhoven, Ray Staakman, Peter Struycken and Carel Visser)
1970 The John Player Biennale
1970 Visions, Projects and Proposals
1970 Experiment
1971 Experiment II
1971 Five Belgian Artists (Beekman, Van Hecke, Landuyt, Broodthaers, Roquet).
1972 Venezuelan Exhibition / Esteban Castillo, Rafael Franceschi, Victor Lucena, Asdrubal Colmenarez, Pedro Taran, Ruben Nunez, Carlos Cruz-Diez, Cesar Andrade, Acindinao Quesada, Esther Ojeda, Armando Perez, Manuel Mérida, Edison Parrs, Mirna Salamanques, Rafael Martinez, Alexis Yanez, Francisco Salazar, Mary Brandt
1972 Postal Exhibition
1973 Experiment III
1973 Fluxshoe
1974 Ian Breakwell, 'The Diary and Related Works'
1975 Conrad Atkinson, Northern Ireland 1968 – Mayday 1975
1976 Sites
1976 Stephen Willats, Life Codes and Behaviour Parameters
1977 Oliver Kilbourn, My Life as a Pitman
1977 Gerhard Richter
1977 Ian Breakwell, The Diaries 1968-76
1978 Paul Waplington
1978 Photography as Fine Art
1979 David Hockney
1980 Hans Haacke & Sarah McCarthy
1982 Sean Scully
1982 Helen Chadwick – Activated installation
1982 Sense and Sensibility in Feminist Art
1982 Feminist Art Group (Pauline Lucas, Margaret Howitt, Shirley Cameron, Evelyn Silver, Sue Sareen, Rachel Finkelstein)
1983 Artists International Association
1983 British Polaroid Open Exhibition
1984 Pandora's Box / Women's Images Collective
1984 Rose Garrard
1984 Paula Rego
1984 Robert Mapplethorpe
1985 Jo Spence
1985 Participate
1985 Eight Days: Anne Bean, Holly Warburton, Hidden Grin, AD/BC, Gaby Agis, Oscar McLennan, Kathy Acker, Ron Geesin (National Review of Live Art)
1985 The Miner's World—Miners in Photography and Literature, Edith Tudor-Hart, Edwin Smith, Bruce Davidson, Dennis Thorpe, Jane Bown, John Davies, Raissa Page, John Sturrock, Brenda Price, Ian Berry, Humphrey Spender, David Hurn, John Harris, Bill Brandt. Shown in Nottingham then toured during 1985 and 1986. Funded by Arts Council England.
1985 Total Black Art Showcase
1985 Victor Burgin, The Bridge
1985 Surrealist Traces (including Luis Buñuel, Salvador Dalí, Marcel Duchamp, Man Ray)
1986 Caribbean Art Now
1986 National Review of Live Art
References
External links
The Live Art Development Agency
Live Art Archives at the University of Bristol Theatre Collection, University of Bristol
National Review of Live Art Reviews Database hosted by AHDS Performing Arts
Live Art Archive and Digital Performance Archive educational resources hosted by AHDS Performing Arts
Chelsea Theatre: dedicated performance art venue - London
Arts Council Correspondence
Artist-run centres
Performance artist collectives
Hakimabad (, also Romanized as Ḩakīmābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 41 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Semioscopis steinkellneriana is a species of moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found from most of Europe (except the southern part of the Balkan Peninsula and Portugal) east to the eastern parts of the Palearctic realm.
The wingspan is 19–25 mm. The forewings are light brown, sometimes rosy-tinged, with a few dark fuscous scales; a small black subcostal dot near base; a bent blackish longitudinal mark in disc before middle; second discal stigma forming an angulated blackish transverse mark, connected with a fuscous spot on costa; 2 and 3 stalked. Hindwings are light grey. The larva is whitish-green; dorsal line darker; head and plate of 2 black-marked.
Adults are on wing in April and fly very early in the morning.
The larvae feed on Prunus spinosa, Crataegus, Cotoneaster, Fraxinus and Sorbus species. They live within a spun or rolled leaf and overwinter as a pupa.
References
Semioscopis
Moths described in 1775
Moths of Europe
Taman Flora Utama (Jawi: تامن فلور اوتام; ) is a township in Bandar Penggaram, Batu Pahat, Johor, Malaysia. It was constructed in 2005. Taman Flora Utama is located beside Jalan Tan Siew Hoe. The new township is developing rapidly. This township is mainly for shopping, leisure and commercial activities.
There are many shophouses in this township. Two shopping malls are also located in this township, a Carrefour hypermarket and the Square One Shopping Mall. There is a McDonald's drive-through. This township is under the control of Majlis Perbandaran Batu Pahat (MPBP).
See also
Batu Pahat
Bandar Penggaram,Batu Pahat
Majlis Perbandaran Batu Pahat
SMK Tinggi Batu Pahat
Taman Setia Jaya 2
Pura Kencana
Taman Bukit Pasir
Segenting (石文丁)
Pantai Minyak Beku
Batu Pahat Mall
External links
Majlis Perbandaran Batu Pahat's official site.
Batu Pahat District
Townships in Johor
Hemmelig Tempo is a quasi-scientific, improvisational and partly satirical Norwegian sound experiment group notable for performances, concerts, installations, satirical video productions, album releases and a number of collaborations with artists and ensembles in other fields. Characteristically dressed in laboratory-coats, their output has been described as a "strong commentary to our technological existence".
Biography
Hemmelig Tempo made their first public appearance dressed in white laboratory coats in Bergen, Norway in 2007. Combining a quasi-scientific approach with performance, improvisation and avant-garde electronical sound art, the group became known for their satirical role-play and "live research" performances featuring a vast number of diy electronical gadgets, synthesizers, transistor radios, household objects and machines.
During the Bergen Electronic Music & Art Festival in 2008, the group contributed with an installation in which the group replaced themselves with three toy robots producing random Aleatoric music. Reflecting the group's sense of satire, the installation was called Do we really need musicians?. The same year, the group also collaborated with the Norwegian contemporary dance ensemble Molitrix for a series of dance performances called Skin. Across the following years, the group produced a series of YouTube videos with titles such as 6 Unlikely Duos, 4 Unlikely Trios, and Bicycle Mixing Session. The latter experiment in Spatial music, described as a combination of a public health initiative and sound-engineering, consisted of three bicycles equipped with an amplifier and speaker which transmitted the sound of pre-recorded musical instruments. By placing microphones at each extreme side of a large-sized hall and manoeuvering the bicycles around the hall, a giant mixing system was in effect created, "allowing unpredictable volume and panning effects that could not be replicated with a normal mixing board" (op.cit). Here possibly making a reference to Kraftwerk's well documented interest in bicycles, Hemmelig Tempo has consistently placed themselves within the tradition of electronic music by making references to composers such as Arne Nordheim and John Cage in their album releases.
The group also collaborated with other artist, film-makers and ensembles during the next years, including making sound-design for the contemporary dance ensemble Winter Guests, appearing in a Visual Dissertation short film produced by Amehn Productions and shown at the Borealis Film Festival, collaborating with actors Liv Ullmann, Dennis Storhøi and Anders Baasmo Christiansen on a short, unreleased Radio play, and improvising live in a series of performances with Carte Blanche, the largest contemporary dance ensemble in Norway, in 2016.
Releases
In 2011, the group released the album Who Put John Cage on the Guestlist on a sublabel of the French label Musea. The album received good reviews and was quoted as one of the Favorite Releases of the year by the US online magazine Asymmetry Music Magazine. One reviewer referred to the music as some of the most uncompromising electronic music I've ever encountered, while another described it as totally experimental, far out, challenging, sometimes exciting, sometimes a bit too weird but always intriguing for patient people.
In 2012, the group contributed with two tracks for the compilation Muu For Ears 9, produced by MUU, an artist run, Finnish interdisciplinary artist association, founded in 1987 to represent and promote new and experimental forms of art. The same year, the group also contributed on two tracks on the album Magic Handshake by the Norwegian space-rock band Seid.
In 2016, the group released the album Are You Part of Some Kind of Cult?, a concept album about an island of pseudo-science worshippers, inspired by the BBC Radiophonic Workshop.
In 2017, Professor Waffel released a solo album, Assemblages, constructed around tiny sampled fragments of classical modernist and ethnic music, field recordings, foley and live performances on a number of acoustic and electronic instruments.
Members
In the booklet for the 2011 release "Who Put John Cage on the Guestlist", the following members are listed:
Professor Waffel
Doktor Døv
Professor Fokuda-san
References
Free improvisation ensembles
Norwegian electronic music groups
Pierre Chébly (born Pierre Scebli; 19 December 1870 – 30 May 1917) was an archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut.
Life
Pierre Scebli was born in Defoun, Lebanon. He was ordained to the priesthood on 14 July 1897, and appointed Archbishop of Beirut on 14 February 1908, aged 36. He was consecrated bishop the following day by Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Elias Peter Hoayek. On 30 May 1917, he died in Beirut, aged 46, after nine years as Archeparch of Beirut.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bscebli.html
1870 births
1917 deaths
Lebanese Maronites
20th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
The Garrys are a Canadian indie rock band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, consisting of sisters Erica, Julie and Lenore Maier. They are most noted for their 2021 album Get Thee to a Nunnery, which was longlisted for the 2022 Polaris Music Prize.
The band, who describe their sound as "garage surf doom-wop", was formed in 2015 as an acoustic duo consisting of Lenore and Erica Maier, before Julie joined the following year on bass and drums. They released their first album, Warm Buds, in 2016, and followed up with Surf Manitou in 2017.
In 2020 they recorded a score for the 1922 silent film Haxan: Witchcraft Through the Ages.
Get Thee to a Nunnery, their fourth album, was produced by Dallas Good of The Sadies.
References
External links
Canadian indie rock groups
Surf music groups
Musical groups from Saskatoon
Musical groups established in 2015
Canadian musical trios
USS Winnetka was a harbor tug in service with the United States Navy, built in 1944 at Port Arthur, Texas, by the Gulfport Boiler & Welding Works, Inc. She was placed in service on 28 June 1944. She departed Galveston, Texas on 18 July and proceeded via the Panama Canal to the Pacific. The tug served for some time at Pearl Harbor but, by the beginning of 1945, had moved west to the Marianas Islands for operations principally at Guam and Saipan. She was later reassigned to the naval base at Iwo Jima in the Volcano-Bonins chain and served there until January 1946 when she ran aground on Iwo Jima. Damaged beyond economic repair and not economically salvageable, Winnetka was abandoned where she lay. Her name was struck from the Navy list on 19 July 1946.
Ship Awards
American Campaign Medal
World War Two Victory Medal
Asiatic Pacific Campaign Medal
External links
USS Winnetka YTB-376
NavSource, YTB-376
1944 ships
Ships of the United States Navy
Ships built in Port Arthur, Texas
Nayini (Na'ini), or Biyabanak, is one of the Central Iranian varieties of Iran, one of five listed in Ethnologue that together have 35,000 speakers.
Anarak dialect is divergent. Other dialects, or closely related languages, are Abchuya'i, Keyjani and Tudeshki. Sources differ on whether Zefra'i is a dialect of Nayini or of Gazi.
Ethnologue provisionally lists Khuri as a dialect. However, that appears to belong to a different branch of Central Iranian.
References
Western Iranian languages
Tough it Out is the second studio album released by British hard rock band FM. Tough It Out is the follow-up album to their 1986 debut album Indiscreet and was released in 1989 on the Epic Records label.
Critical reception
British music newspaper Music Week gave very positive response to the album. Kirk Blows called it as "triumphant return". In the view of the writer, as opposed to Indiscreet "FM have succeeded in marrying the polish of their debut with the cut and thrust that was previously lacking, to create finely crafted, melodic rock with universal appeal".
Track listing
"Tough It Out" - 5:36 (S. Overland/C. Overland/J. Harms)
"Don't Stop" - 3:53 (M. Goldsworthy/P. Jupp/D. Digital)
"Bad Luck" - 4:07 (S. Overland/C. Overland/Desmond Child)
"Someday (You'll Come Running)" - 3:57 (J. Randall/R. Randall/T. Sciuto)
"Everytime I Think of You" - 4:37 (S. Mullen/J. Cesario/G. Jones)
"Burning My Heart Down" - 4:01 (S. Overland/C. Overland/D. Child)
"The Dream That Died" - 4:36 (S. Overland/C. Overland)
"Obsession" - 4:08 (M. Goldsworthy/P. Jupp/D. Digital)
"Can You Hear Me Calling?" - 3:40 (S. Overland/C. Overland)
"Does It Feel Like Love" - 4:21 (S. Overland/C. Overland)
"Feels So Good" - 4:13 (S. Overland/C. Overland)
2005 remaster bonus tracks
"Let Love Be the Leader" - 3:45
"Love Lasts Forever" - 3:52
"This Could Be the Last Time" - 3:44
"Hurt is Where the Heart is" - 3:58
"Everytime We Touch" - 4:46
"Let Love Be the Leader (Live)" - 6:36
"Frozen Heart (Live)" - 5:09
2012 remaster bonus tracks
"Hurt is Where the Heart is" - 3:58
"This Could be the Last Time" - 3:44
"Someday (Extended)" - 5:22
"Alibi" - 3:50
"Everytime We Touch" - 4:46
Personnel
Steve Overland - Lead vocals, guitar
Merv Goldsworthy - Bass, backing vocals
Pete Jupp - Drums, backing vocals
Chris Overland - Lead guitar
Didge Digital - Keyboards
Background vocals by "The Abrasive Brothers". (Merv, Pete, Steve and Terry Brock)
Background vocals on "Someday" - "The Abrasive Brothers" and Robin Beck
Production
Produced by Neil Kernon
Mixed by Nigel Green
Recorded at CBS Rooftop Studios (London) and Air Studios (London)
Mixed at Battery Studios (London)
Assisted by Richard Hollywood, Karen Down and Andrew (Carb) Canelle (Rooftop), Matt Howe and Rupert Coulson (Air) and (Def) Geoff Hunt (Battery)
References
FM (British band) albums
1989 albums
Albums produced by Neil Kernon
Epic Records albums
Fannie Sperry Steele (March 27, 1887 – February 11, 1983), born Fannie Sperry, was an American bronc rider and rodeo performer from Montana. She was one of the first women inducted into the Rodeo Hall of Fame of the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum in 1975, and the first Montana native in the National Cowgirl Hall of Fame in 1978.
Biography
Born Fannie Sperry on March 27, 1887 in the Beartooth Mountains to Rachel and Datus Sperry, Fannie was a first-generation Montanan. She was taught to ride by the time she could walk by her mother Rachel, since her father was prevented from riding by an old injury.
The only woman rider of the time to ride her entire career without tying her stirrups under the horse's belly (a practice rodeo judges allowed for women only), Sperry Steele inherited her love of horses, especially Pintos, from her mother Rachel. She won several awards for her riding in professional rodeos during her lifetime, including Women's Bucking Horse Champion of Montana in 1904 at the age of 17, and Lady Bucking Horse Champion of the World of the first Calgary Stampede rodeo in 1912, where hundreds of cowboys from Western Canada, the United States and Mexico competed for thousands of dollars in prizes. In the Calgary Stampede, Sperry Steele had ridden the horse Red Wing, a wild bronc who had trampled fellow rider Joe LaMar to death only days earlier.
She married Bill Steele, a fellow rodeo rider and arena clown, on April 30, 1913, and together they began operating their own Wild West show and performed with the Miller Brothers' 101 Wild West Show and the Irwin Brothers' Wild West Show. Besides her horsemanship, Sperry Steele was also skilled with a rifle. During their shows, she would often shoot cigars out of her husband's mouth.
Sperry Steele competed for the last time in 1925 at Bozeman, and continued riding exhibition into her 50s. Fannie and Bill became stock contractors near Helena, providing horses and bulls for rodeos all over the West. She also became one of four women in the US who were licensed outfitter-guides. She did not completely retire from riding until 1974, at the age of 87, when she entered a rest home in Helena, Montana. In 1975, she became the first woman inducted into the Rodeo Hall of Fame of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum and in 1978, she was inducted into the National Cowgirl Hall of Fame. She died on February 11, 1983.
See also
Bonnie McCarroll
Annie Oakley
Calamity Jane
Lucille Mulhall
May Lillie
Ruth Roach
References
1887 births
1983 deaths
Wild West shows
Saddle bronc riders
Cowgirl Hall of Fame inductees
The 2013 season was the Minnesota Vikings' 53rd in the National Football League. It also marked the Vikings' final season playing their home games at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome; the team played their home games at TCF Bank Stadium for the 2014 and 2015 seasons while construction of U.S. Bank Stadium, which opened in 2016, took place on the site of the Metrodome. Following a Week 9 loss to the Dallas Cowboys, the Vikings were no longer able to match their 10–6 record from 2012, and their loss to the Baltimore Ravens five weeks later sealed their elimination from playoff contention.
The Vikings failed to win a road game (0–7–1) for the first time since 2001. Much like in 2001, the Vikings did moderately well (13th) on offensive yardage (344.2 yards per game) despite a quarterback carousel not present in 2001, but ranked among the worst in defensive yardage (397.6 yards per game); only the Dallas Cowboys gave up more yards on defense with 415.3 per game. The Vikings' defense also allowed the most points in the NFL in 2013 at 480 (30.0 points per game), four points shy of matching the most points the team ever allowed in a single season.
It took until Week 10 for the Vikings to record their first win on American soil, their only other victory up to that point having come in the NFL International Series game against the Pittsburgh Steelers at London's Wembley Stadium in Week 4. Despite winning their last four home games to finish with an overall record of 5–10–1, the Vikings fired head coach Leslie Frazier after just over three seasons with the team.
Offseason
Draft
Notes
The Vikings traded WR Percy Harvin to the Seattle Seahawks in exchange for Seattle's first- and seventh-round selections (25th and 214th overall), and 2014 third-round selection (96th overall).
The Vikings traded their second-, third- and seventh-round selections (52nd, 83rd and 229th overall), as well as the fourth-round pick they received from the Detroit Lions (102nd overall), to the New England Patriots in exchange for New England's first-round selection (29th overall).
The Vikings traded the 2012 fifth- and seventh-round selections (138th and 223rd overall) they received from the New England Patriots to the Detroit Lions in exchange for Detroit's 2012 seventh-round selection (219th overall) and 2013 fourth-round selection (102nd overall).
During the 2012 NFL Draft, the Vikings traded the 2012 seventh-round selection they received from the Cleveland Browns (211th overall) to the Tennessee Titans in exchange for Tennessee's 2013 sixth-round selection (176th overall).
The Vikings traded the sixth-round selection they received from the Tennessee Titans (176th overall) to the Arizona Cardinals in exchange for Arizona's seventh-round selection (213th overall) and CB A. J. Jefferson.
The Vikings traded their sixth-round selection (189th overall) to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in exchange for the sixth-round selection they received from the Denver Broncos (196th overall) and the seventh-round selection they received from the Vikings via the New England Patriots (229th overall).
Roster changes
Denotes this is a reserve/future contract.
Denotes a signing to the Practice Squad.
Preseason
Schedule
The Vikings' preseason opponents and schedule were announced on April 4, 2013. Their preseason began with a loss to the Houston Texans at Mall of America Field on August 9, followed by road defeats against the Buffalo Bills and the San Francisco 49ers; the game against the 49ers was the Vikings' second preseason matchup against the same opposition in two years. The preseason program concluded on a positive note – a home victory against the Tennessee Titans on August 29.
Game summaries
Week 1: vs. Houston Texans
Week 2: at Buffalo Bills
Week 3: at San Francisco 49ers
Week 4: vs. Tennessee Titans
Regular season
Schedule
Team names in bold indicate the Vikings' divisional opponents.
# Blue/red indicates the International Series game in London.
Game summaries
Week 1: at Detroit Lions
Week 2: at Chicago Bears
Week 3: vs. Cleveland Browns
Week 4: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers
NFL International Series
Week 6: vs. Carolina Panthers
Week 7: at New York Giants
Week 8: vs. Green Bay Packers
With Josh Freeman ruled out after suffering a concussion in the previous game, Christian Ponder reclaimed his spot as starting quarterback. Cordarrelle Patterson got the game off to a good start for the Vikings, returning the opening kickoff 109 yards for a touchdown to tie the NFL record. However, Aaron Rodgers responded for the Packers by leading his offense on a 14-play, 90-yard drive, culminating in an 11-yard touchdown pass to Jordy Nelson. The sides then exchanged field goals before Rodgers found Nelson again in the second quarter for a 76-yard touchdown. On the Vikings' next possession, they were forced to punt, but Micah Hyde was able to return the kick 93 yards for another Packers touchdown to make the score 24–10. A controversial pass interference call against Packers cornerback Tramon Williams late in the half set the Vikings up with a first down on the Packers' 14-yard line; two plays later, Adrian Peterson had the ball in the end zone for an 8-yard touchdown, which kept the Vikings in with a chance going into the second half.
But the Packers offense remained unstoppable as Rodgers again led a long drive, capped by a 1-yard touchdown run from Eddie Lacy after they had converted three times on third down and once on fourth down during the series. After another three-and-out for the Vikings, the Packers offense picked up four first downs in the space of five plays on the way to a 25-yard touchdown run for James Starks. The Vikings again went three-and-out on their next possession, but this time their defense was able to stop Green Bay at the goal line, limiting them to a 20-yard Mason Crosby field goal to make the score 41–17 with just over six minutes to play. Patterson again had a big return on the ensuing kickoff, taking it 51 yards to the Minnesota 42-yard line to set up a short field. Five plays later, Toby Gerhart narrowed the deficit to 17 points with a 13-yard touchdown run. Vikings cornerback Josh Robinson was penalized on the onside kick that followed for touching the ball before it had gone 10 yards, allowing the Packers to run down the clock before Crosby slotted another field goal, this time from 45 yards. Inside the two-minute warning, Ponder threw an incompletion on fourth down, only for Tramon Williams to again be penalized for pass interference against Patterson, allowing To Ponder the opportunity for a 19-yard touchdown run two plays later. The Vikings were unable to recover the onside kick, and Green Bay knelt out the clock for a 44–31 win.
Week 9: at Dallas Cowboys
Following the high-scoring loss to the Packers, the Vikings, continuing with Christian Ponder as their quarterback, travel to Arlington, Texas to face the Dallas Cowboys. The first quarter was all field goals, as Dallas scored first with a 41-yarder by Dan Bailey, followed by a 23-yarder for the Vikings by Blair Walsh. In the second quarter, Bailey made another field goal from 44 yards to put the Cowboys up by 3, but the Vikings took a 10–6 lead into halftime, capping the ensuing 79-yard drive with a 6-yard run by Ponder.
After the half, Cowboy quarterback Tony Romo completed two consecutive 26-yard passes to tight end Jason Witten to give them an early touchdown and restore their three-point lead. On the very next play from scrimmage, Ponder fumbled the ball as he was sacked in the end zone, and the Cowboys' Nick Hayden recovered it for a touchdown, meaning the Vikings went from 10–6 up to 20–10 down in the space of two scrimmage plays. The Vikings responded immediately with a quick, six-play drive, culminating with a 31-yard pass from Ponder to Kyle Rudolph to cut the Cowboys' lead back to three points.
After a series of punts going into the fourth quarter, Adrian Peterson scored for the Vikings with an 11-yard run with almost six minutes to go, but Walsh pushed the extra point kick wide right, giving the Vikings a three-point lead over the Cowboys. Vikings cornerback A. J. Jefferson intercepted Romo on the Cowboys' ensuing drive, putting the Vikings in a position to potentially take over the game, but the offense went three-and-out and was forced to punt. The Cowboys progressed downfield quickly, never faced with a third down, and scored with a 7-yard touchdown pass from Romo to Dwayne Harris, the third time the Vikings had given up a game-winning score in 2013. With less than 30 seconds to play, but they were unable to make any significant territorial gains and Ponder's last-second hail mary fell short, giving the Cowboys a 27–23 win.
Week 10: vs. Washington Redskins
Week 11: at Seattle Seahawks
Week 12: at Green Bay Packers
The Vikings traveled to Green Bay in week 12 to face a Packers team missing quarterback Aaron Rodgers, who had suffered a fractured left collarbone three weeks earlier. After successive punts from each side started the game, the Packers were the first to score as backup QB Scott Tolzien ran in for a 6-yard touchdown, but two field goals from Blair Walsh and a 1-yard touchdown run for Adrian Peterson meant the Vikings took a 13–7 lead into halftime. They extended their lead midway through the third quarter as Christian Ponder hit tight end Rhett Ellison for a 12-yard touchdown, and Walsh made it a 16-point lead with a 29-yard field goal on the second play of the fourth quarter.
The Packers pulled the struggling Tolzien after the Ellison touchdown and replaced him with the recently re-signed Matt Flynn. Flynn then led the Packers on three consecutive scoring drives in the fourth quarter, starting with a 3-yard touchdown run for Eddie Lacy. Flynn's pass to Andrew Quarless on the two-point attempt fell incomplete, but Flynn was able to find Jarrett Boykin for a 6-yard touchdown on the next drive to reduce the Vikings' lead to three points. Inside the two-minute warning, Flynn combined with James Jones for a 28-yard completion on 4th-and-6, setting up Mason Crosby for the game-tying, 27-yard field goal. The Packers won the overtime coin toss and took the opening possession down to the Minnesota 2-yard line before having to settle for a field goal, only for Walsh to respond with a 35-yard effort. The two sides then exchanged possession as neither was able to put together a significant drive and the game ended in a 26–26 tie.
Week 13: vs. Chicago Bears
Week 14: at Baltimore Ravens
Playing in the snow in Baltimore, the Vikings sought out their first road win of the season. During the first half, Adrian Peterson injured his ankle and was dropped from the game. Despite taking the lead with a touchdown late in the fourth quarter, the Vikings were unable to hold on as the Ravens scored a game-winning touchdown with four seconds left. With the loss, the Vikings dropped to 3–9–1 and were officially eliminated from postseason contention.
Week 15: vs. Philadelphia Eagles
Week 16: at Cincinnati Bengals
Week 17: vs. Detroit Lions
In the last game to be played at the Metrodome before its demolition, the Vikings hosted their divisional rivals, the Detroit Lions. This turned out to be the only game of the Vikings' season (including preseason) in which the opposing team scored fewer than 20 points. A 50-yard run from Cordarrelle Patterson for the first score of the game put the Vikings up 7-0, where the score remained through halftime. After the half, Reggie Bush struck back with a 19-yard touchdown reception to tie the game at 7-7 in the third. The fourth quarter saw David Akers make two field goals to put the Lions in the lead 13-7. However, Matt Cassel threw a TD pass to Patterson to put the Vikings back in the lead 14-13, which they managed to hold onto for the remaining nine minutes of the game.
Head coach Leslie Frazier was fired as head coach of the Minnesota Vikings the following day. His tenure ended with a record of 21–32–1 in over three years.
Standings
Division
Conference
Staff
Roster
Statistics
Team leaders
* Vikings single season record.
League rankings
References
External links
2013 Minnesota Vikings at ESPN
2013 Minnesota Vikings at Pro Football Reference
Minnesota
Minnesota Vikings seasons
Minnesota
Cyril Jackson may refer to:
Cyril Jackson (priest) (1746–1819), Dean of Christ Church, Oxford 1783–1809
Cyril Jackson (astronomer) (1903–1988), South African astronomer
Cyril Jackson (educationist) (1863–1924), British educationist
United Nations Security Council resolution 689, adopted unanimously on 9 April 1991, after recalling Resolution 687 (1991), the council noted a report by the Secretary-General and decided to establish the United Nations Iraq–Kuwait Observation Mission to monitor the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait, known as the Kuwait–Iraq barrier.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the council established the Mission for an initial period of six months, deciding to review the question of its termination every six months. Its presence was to deter border violations and monitor hostile or potentially hostile action mounted by either country against the other.
See also
1991 uprisings in Iraq
Gulf War
Invasion of Kuwait
Iraq–Kuwait relations
Iraqi no-fly zones
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0689
0689
History of Kuwait
1991 in Iraq
1991 in Kuwait
0689
April 1991 events
The bar-winged wren-babbler (Spelaeornis troglodytoides) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is found in Bhutan, China, India, and Myanmar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
There are variations among the populations and three subspecies are named.
sherriffi Kinnear, 1934 from eastern Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh
indiraji Ripley et al., 1991 from Arunachal Pradesh (Namdapha National Park) which is named after Indira Gandhi.
souliei Oustalet, 1898 - northern Arunachal Pradesh (NE India) Myanmar and S China
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
bar-winged wren-babbler
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Central China
Birds of Yunnan
bar-winged wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Raajjé Online (ROL) (Dhivehi: ރާއްޖެ އޮންލައިން) is a broadband internet service provided by Focus Infocom Private Limited.
History
ROL internet services was initially delivered using fixed and wireless (nomadic/mobile) radio technology.
Investor Relations
WARF Telecom International - a joint venture company formed between Ooredoo Maldives, Reliance Infocomm of India and Focus Infocom to install a Submarine fibre cable system between the Maldives and India linking Maldives to the global submarine fibre cable system.
Technical Partners
SingTel - Providing international Internet backbone connectivity, V-SAT and other IP services
Ooredoo Maldives - Partner in Submarine optic Fibre Cable system and provision of microwave backhaul connectivity to islands
Reliance Infocom (India) - Partner in the implementation of submarine optic fibre cable system
Smart Bridges Singapore -Provision of Wireless Radio Systems
Local cable operators - Provision of HFC network Capacity for Distribution of Internet
Sky Pilot Networks (USA)
See also
Telecommunications in the Maldives
References
Corporate Info
Haveeru Daily (January 18, 2004). "Focus Infocom starts service as second ISP in the Maldives"
Haveeru Daily (May 24, 2003). "Second ISP license given to Focus Infocom"
Notes
External links
ROL Official website
Telecommunication companies of the Maldives
Internet service providers of the Maldives
Malé
Wishaw is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It elects four councillors and covers the town centre of Wishaw plus the neighbourhoods to its south and east including Gowkthrapple, Netherton, Overtown, Pather and Waterloo, with a population of 17,974 in 2019; created in 2007, its territory remained almost unchanged in a 2017 national review, other than the loss of a few streets by moving a section of the boundary south from the Temple Gill burn to the edge of Belhaven Park.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2017 Election
2017 North Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 North Lanarkshire Council election
On 8 March 2016, Labour councillor Sam Love resigned from the party and became Independent.
Labour councillor Frank McKay resigned from the party and became Independent on 21 November 2016.
2015 by-election
SNP councillor Marion Fellows was elected as an MP for Motherwell and Wishaw on 7 May 2015. She resigned her Council seat on 25 May 2015 and a by-election was held 13 August 2015 – the seat was held by the party's Rosa Zambonini.
2007 Election
2007 North Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Wishaw
Cassandra is the 1997 debut instrumental album from the band Zoar.
Track listing
Cassandra (Part 1) – 6:26
Cassandra (Part 2) – 3:35
Cassandra (Part 3) – 6:31
The Passing of a Plague – 4:19
Death by Denial – 7:14
Nine Days North – 6:21
Ligeia – 2:26
If Only You Knew – 5:29
An Early Disobedience – 4:56
A Handful of Poison – 10:26
References
External links
Zoar (band) albums
1997 albums
Instrumental albums
"Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?" is a song by Bruce Springsteen from the album Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., released in 1973. The song was part of the demo that Springsteen recorded for John Hammond of CBS Records in advance of getting his first recording contract. This demo version was released on Tracks in 1998.
The song is loosely based on a bus ride Springsteen once took to visit a girlfriend in uptown Manhattan. As a result, the song is basically set in Spanish Harlem, although it contains some anomalous references, such as to actress Joan Fontaine. The characters are more thinly sketched than in other songs on Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., but the song does contain the incongruous rhyming of other Springsteen songs of the period and is full of good humor. Springsteen only rarely plays "Does This Bus Stop at 82nd Street?" in concert, but when he does it is usually enjoyed by the fans.
Structure and themes
"Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?" is a beat-style pastiche of a journey through city streets. It is fast-paced and has no chorus. One recognizable theme is a movement towards the sky, as in the lines "drink this and you'll grow wings on your feet", "interstellar mongrel nymphs" and "(Mary Lou) rides to heaven on a gyroscope."
Personnel
According to authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon:
Bruce Springsteen – vocals, acoustic guitars
Vini "Mad Dog" Lopez – drums
Gary Tallent – bass
David Sancious – piano
References
1973 songs
Songs about buses
Songs about streets
Bruce Springsteen songs
Songs written by Bruce Springsteen
Song recordings produced by Mike Appel
Songs about New York City
Lesotho Paramilitary Forces is a Lesotho football club based in Maseru. It is based in the city of Maseru in the Maseru District.
In 1983 the team has won the Lesotho Premier League.
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the 1000 capacity Ratjomose Stadium.
References
External links
Lesotho Premier League clubs
Military association football clubs
Organisations based in Maseru
Canyon County is located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 231,105, making it the second-most populous county in Idaho. The county seat is Caldwell, and its largest city is Nampa. Canyon County is part of the Boise metropolitan area.
History
Hudson's Bay Company established Fort Boise in 1834 near what is now Parma, but abandoned it in 1855. Emigrants traveled through Canyon County on the Oregon Trail.
Discovery of gold in the Boise Basin in 1862 brought settlement to the region again. The lower Boise River was fully contained within Boise County from 1863 until the formation of Ada County in 1864. Settlement of the lower Boise River west of Boise City was limited prior to the completion of the Oregon Short Line Railroad. Middleton was the first settlement of Canyon County, starting in 1863. The 1870 Census for Ada County listed 76 residents of the Boise Valley, excluding Boise City and the 1880 Census listed 44 residents at Middleton. The arrival of the railroad at Caldwell led to the establishment of a town there as of August 1883.
Businessmen James A. McGee and Alexander Duffes filed the plat for nearby Nampa in 1886. Parma was settled around the same time, with the Old Fort Boise post office being moved to the town's location; it was incorporated in 1904. Ada County established precincts for each of the settlements with a combined 1890 Census population of 2,311. Significant settlement of Greenleaf and Notus started around 1904 with the two settlements listed as precincts at the 1910 census. Notus was incorporated in 1921 while Greenleaf was incorporated prior to 1980. Melba was incorporated in 1912 while Wilder was incorporated in 1919. The City of Star annexed a portion of territory in northeast Canyon County prior to 2007, becoming the county's ninth incorporated city. The majority of Star is located within Ada County.
The Idaho Legislature created Canyon County from Ada County in an act approved March 7, 1891, effective at the November 26, 1892 election. Caldwell was established as the county seat. The county originally contained all Canyon and Payette counties and part of Gem; Gem County formed in 1915 and Payette County in 1917. Some sources attribute the name to the canyon of the Boise River near Caldwell, while western writers John Rees and Vardis Fisher believed it was named for the Snake River canyon, which forms a natural boundary with Owyhee County to the south and west.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.7%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Payette County (north)
Gem County (northeast)
Ada County (east)
Owyhee County (south)
Malheur County, Oregon (west)
National protected areas
Deer Flat National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Snake River Birds of Prey National Conservation Area (part)
Major highways
Interstate 84
US 20
US 26
US 30
US 95
SH-19
SH-44
SH-45
SH-55
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census, there were 131,441 people, 45,018 households and 33,943 families living in the county. The population density was 223/square mile (86/square km). There were 47,965 housing units at an average density of 81/square mile (31/square km). The racial makeup of the county was 83.10% White, 0.32% Black or African American, 0.85% Native American, 0.80% Asian, 0.13% Pacific Islander, 12.17% from other races, and 2.62% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 18.61% of the population. 15.9% were of German, 12.7% English, 10.3% American and 7.6% Irish ancestry.
There were 45,018 households, of which 39.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.70% were married couples living together, 10.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.60% were non-families. 19.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.28.
30.90% of the population were under the age of 18, 10.70% from 18 to 24, 28.30% from 25 to 44, 19.10% from 45 to 64, and 11.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.30 males.
The median household income was $35,884 and the median family income was $40,377. Males had a median income of $29,418 compared with $22,044 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,155. About 8.70% of families and 12.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.50% of those under age 18 and 10.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 188,923 people, 63,604 households, and 47,481 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 69,409 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 83.0% white, 1.1% American Indian, 0.8% Asian, 0.6% black or African American, 0.2% Pacific islander, 11.4% from other races, and 3.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 23.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 18.8% were American, 17.4% were German, 13.0% were English, and 8.8% were Irish.
Of the 63,604 households, 42.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.3% were non-families, and 20.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.92 and the average family size was 3.36. The median age was 31.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,218 and the median income for a family was $48,219. Males had a median income of $38,132 versus $28,356 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,366. About 12.7% of families and 17.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.8% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Caldwell
Greenleaf
Melba
Middleton
Nampa
Notus
Parma
Star (partially)
Wilder
Unincorporated communities
Bowmont
Huston
Riverside
Roswell
Sunnyslope
Politics
Like the majority of Idaho, Canyon County is reliably Republican by comfortable margins. The last time a Democratic candidate carried the county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt. In elections, Republican candidates usually achieve approximately two-thirds of the vote from Canyon County.
Education
School districts include:
Caldwell School District 132
Homedale Joint School District 370
Kuna Joint School District 3
Marsing Joint School District 363
Melba Joint School District 136
Middleton School District 134
Nampa School District 131
Notus School District 135
Parma School District 137
Vallivue School District 139
West Ada School District (Meridian Joint School District 2)
Wilder School District 133
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Canyon County, Idaho
Vallivue School District
References
External links
- Canyon County
Western Canyon Chronicle - Official newspaper for Parma, Notus, Wilder & Greenleaf, in Canyon County, Idaho
Idaho counties
1891 establishments in Idaho
Boise metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1891
K-Trot in Town () is a South Korea reality show program on SBS starring Nam Jin, , , , Joo Hyun-mi and Jang Yoon-jeong as the main cast, along with Boom and Jung Yong-hwa as the show's MCs. The show airs on SBS every Wednesday at 22:00 (KST) starting from March 4, 2020.
Broadcast time moved to 20:55 (KST) beginning September 2, 2020.
Synopsis
It is a reality program where reputable veteran trot singers travel to various countries to hold busking events. Through the busking events, they aim to introduce the genre of Korean trot to the people in other countries through their performances.
From episodes 7 to 25, the program focuses more on online busking events, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Starting from episode 26, the program will go into season 2 and introduce a new project "Last Chance", in the form of an audition show for unknown trot singers, and the cast singers become judges.
Casts
Singers
Nam Jin
Kim Yeon-ja
Sul Woon-do
Jin Sung
Joo Hyun-mi
Jang Yoon-jeong
MCs
Boom (Episode 1-25)
Jung Yong-hwa (Episode 1-25)
Special MCs
Yang Se-hyung (Episode 15-18)
Jang Do-yeon (Episode 19-22)
Kim Jong-kook (Episode 38)
Shin Dong-yup (Episode 41)
Episodes
Rating
In this table, the numbers represent the lowest ratings and the numbers represent the highest ratings.
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
South Korean variety television shows
South Korean reality television series
South Korean music television shows
2020 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
Trot television series
Music competitions in South Korea
The Usambara akalat (Sheppardia montana), also known as the Usambara alethe or Usambara robin-chat, is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is endemic to the Usambara Mountains in Tanga Region of Tanzania.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Usambara akalat
Endemic birds of Tanzania
Usambara akalat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vernon Smith (born May 30, 1964) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Islanders during the 1984–85 NHL season.
Career statistics
See also
List of players who played only one game in the NHL
External links
1964 births
Albany Choppers players
Binghamton Whalers players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Capital District Islanders players
Erie Panthers players
Sportspeople from Lethbridge
Lethbridge Broncos players
Living people
Nanaimo Islanders players
New Haven Nighthawks players
New Westminster Bruins players
New York Islanders draft picks
New York Islanders players
Phoenix Roadrunners (IHL) players
Springfield Indians players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Maik Langendorf (born 11 March 1972) is a former German-based Austrian professional darts player. He won a PDC tour card on the second day of the 2017 PDC Darts Qualifying School.
He has also represented Austria in the PDC World Cup of Darts in 2010 and 2013, both times with Mensur Suljović.
Langendorf qualified for the 2018 World Series of Darts Finals on 19 October 2018, where he lost 6-5 against Damon Heta.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
German darts players
PDC World Cup of Darts Austrian team
Professional Darts Corporation former tour cardholders
Sportspeople from Hamburg
"Mary Queen of Arkansas" is a song by Bruce Springsteen from the album Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., released in 1973. Springsteen played "Mary Queen of Arkansas" at his audition for John H. Hammond at CBS Records, who signed him to his first record contract on May 2, 1972, although Hammond was less impressed with this song than with "It's Hard to Be a Saint in the City" or with "Growin' Up". The day after signing the contract, Springsteen recorded "Mary Queen of Arkansas" as part of a 12-song demo for Hammond. The demo version of the song was released on Tracks in 1998.
Themes
The song is one of the slower tracks on Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., played on acoustic guitar, and the lyrics of the song may be about a drag queen. Bruce confirmed this at a concert in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the Soldiers and Sailors Hall on 5-22-14 while speaking to the audience. The lyrics are dense and reminiscent of Bob Dylan. "Mary Queen Of Arkansas" is a slow, quiet acoustic song with a faint country feel to it. The lyrics contain repeated references to the circus (a theme explored further on his The Wild, the Innocent & the E-Street Shuffle) as in "Well I'm just a lonely acrobat, the live wire is my trade" and "The big top is for dreamers, we can take the circus all the way to the border." It comes across as a love song dedicated to "Mary."
Personnel
According to authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon:
Bruce Springsteen – vocals, guitar, harmonica
References
1973 songs
Bruce Springsteen songs
Songs written by Bruce Springsteen
Song recordings produced by Mike Appel
The Soviet Union–Pakistan relations (Russian: Союз Советских Социалистических Республик -Пакистан; or USSR-Pakistan relations) refers to historical, political, international, and cultural relationships between the state of Pakistan and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). Establishing cultural and bilateral connections between Moscow and Karachi on May 1, 1948, the relations were succeeded and predate the post-Soviet Russo-Pakistan relations (1991–present).
Brief political and territorial history
Cultural relations
According to the historian Muhammad Ahsen Chaudhry, the ancestors of the people of Pakistan (particularly West Pakistan as it was known then) "came from the Soviet Central Asia and brought a full rich Soviet culture with them."
In 1965, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto first paid a state visit to Moscow and brought a great achievement to resolve territorial and political difference between the two countries. On April 3, 1965, President Ayub Khan paid a first ever state visit to Moscow in a view to establish a strong cultural relation with the people of the USSR. Publicly, President Ayub Khan thanked Soviet Premier Alexei Kosygin, and quoted:"Soviet Union is our next door neighbor with which
Pakistan had close friendly connections in the past." During this visit, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and Andrei Gromyko signed the agreements in the field of trade, economic cooperation and cultural exchange.
As the result of President Khan's visit to the Soviet Union, both countries concluded another agreement for cultural exchanges that was signed on 5 June 1965. This agreement was on the basis of exchange the academicians, scholars, scientists, artists, sportsmen, and also the exchange of music records, radio and television programs. During the signing ceremony of this cultural agreement, S.K. Romonovsky, the Soviet Cultural Minister quoted that "many pacts between two countries would help towards better understanding among the people of Pakistan and the USSR." Finally, on 17 April 1968, Premier Kosygin paid a visit to Pakistan and was welcomed by President Ayub and the Pakistan's civil society members with cordial manner. During his visit Alexi Kosygin said: "that relations between Pakistan and the Soviet Union are very good indeed and we should want more and more to strengthen and better them."
The Soviet Premier's visit in April 1968 was the first of its kind state visit and was of outstanding significance. Kosygin agreed to the granting of aid for a steel mill, a nuclear power plant and also economic aid on a broad range of development projects. Quiet importantly, the first Soviet-Pakistan arms deal was made in 1968, which caused protests from India. During the time of Kosygin's reception, renowned poet Hafeez Jullundhri, sang out a poem, comparing Kosygin's visit to the coming of the dawn, which would bring self-determination and justice to the Kashmiri people. Kosygin enjoyed the amusing poetry, but remained silent on this issue. Alexei Kosygin said:
Trade and Economic relations
The Soviet Union had been long associated with Pakistan to help built its technical industries and consortium since late 1950s. In 1950, Soviet Union and Pakistan established the multibillion-dollar worth Pakistan Oilfields (it was known as Pakistan-Soviet Oil Fields). In 1969, the Pakistan Government employed "V/o Tyaz Promexport", a USSR technical consortium, for vertically integrated steel mills in Karachi, Sindh Province. In 1971, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto succeeded to bring full-scale Soviet investment in this project, and laid the foundations of the steel mills in 1972 with the help of Soviet Union.
In 1980–85, the Soviet direct investment increased from 10% to 15% after officially signing an economic cooperation agreement in 1985. The overall 1.6% of all Pakistan's exports were accounted in 1981, which increased to 2.5% in 1985. Particularly, the Soviet material exports exceeded the imports in three-fold method in early 1980. Unlike, India, the USSR and Pakistan were able to continue the trade of their preferable machinery and technical goods, whilst also cooperated in agricultural products. However, the Soviet Union maintained its restriction to exploit its military equipment and technology to Pakistan, instead offering an economic package (restrictively based on civilian basis) to Pakistan in 1981. Instead, Pakistan went to secure the arms deal with the United States in 1981, including the acquisition of F-16 fighter jets.
In April 1981, Pakistan and Soviet Union formed a joint private company to start the manufacture of the agriculture tractors, for which Soviet Union offered $20 million US dollars. In November 1981, the Soviet Ambassador to Pakistan, V.S. Smirnov, publicly announced that the USSR was ready to provide the financial and technical assistance to set up the export-oriented industries. In 1983, the USSR agreeably sold components of oil-drilled equipment for the construction of the Multan Heavy Water Reactor (Multan-I). In 1985, with Soviet presence, President Zia-ul-Haq inaugurated the vertically integrated and the largest Steel Mill in the South Asia, the Pakistan Steel Mills in Karachi, on 15 January 1985. This project was completed at a capital cost of Rs.24,700 million; and even as today, the Steel Mills maintains a respected history and great symbol for the relations of USSR and Pakistan.
Cooperation in Energy sector
In November 1981, the USSR financially funded and solely establishing the Guddo Thermal Power Station, and surprise Pakistan by offering to build a second nuclear power plant in May 1981. On 1 March 1990, the USSR again offered its nuclear deal with Pakistan and officially stated that the Pakistan has to increase its power generation needs and the USSR Ambassador to Pakistan, V.P. Yakunin, quoted that "once the required guarantees are provided, there is no harm in supplying a nuclear power plant to Pakistan." The Pakistan Production Minister, Shahid Zafar immediately traveled to Moscow for such offer and discussed the issue on a visit; this was followed by Foreign Secretary of Pakistan, Tanveer Ahmad, shortly visiting the country. However, after analyzing the technology, Benazir Bhutto of Pakistan (Prime minister at that time) rebuffed the plan and a made move to secure French deal which also went into cold storage.
Political relations with Left-wing sphere of Pakistan
As late in the 1960s, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto had been determined to oust the United States and the Central Intelligence Agency, and subsequently paid visit to Soviet Union as early in 1974. Since then, Pakistan Peoples Party had been sympathetic to the Soviet Union, although it never allied with the Soviet Union nor the United States. The Soviet Union had extremely close relations with the Awami National Party (ANP) and the Communist Party of Pakistan. The Awami National Party, since its inception, has been a staunch and loyal supporter of the Soviet Union. In the 1980s, the ANP had strong link that traced back to the Soviet Union and its entire leadership escaped to the Soviet Union and the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan, whilst the third and second leadership took refuge in Afghanistan, the first and top level leadership was given asylum in Moscow and parts of the Soviet Union by the Soviet government.
During the period of 1977–91, the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) started its covert political activities through the Awami National Party, many of its senior leadership served Soviets intermediary and advisers. The ANP and the PPP and other leftist entities formed the Movement for the Restoration of Democracy (MRD) that began to resisted Zia's right-wing alliance, who had been supporting the Afghan mujaheddin factions in Soviet Afghanistan. During the most of 1980s, the ANP demanded the end of backing of Afghan mujaheddin and acceptance of Kabul's terms for speedy repatriation. In 1987, calculations completed by Pakistan Institute of Public Opinions (PIPO), around ~66% of party's respondents expressed themselves against Pakistan's continuing support of Afghan mujahideen.
However, the MRD suffered many set backs because of its pro-Leninist stance which was not the "line" of Kremlin at that time. The events that led the collapse of the Soviet Union shattered Pakistan's left. It almost disappeared, until Benazir Bhutto succeeded to unite the scattered leftists mass, which integrated into the PPP, and turned the radical and pro-Soviet leftists into more Social democracy with the principles of democratic socialism and after the death of Bhutto's daughter it is the PTI chairman imran Khan who is nowadays a leftist social democratic leader and closely allied with pro-China line.
Soviet-Afghan war
Relations between Pakistan and the Soviet Union fell to a low point following the Soviet Union's military involvement in Afghanistan. Pakistan supported the anti-communist and religious extremist Mujahedeen forces who fought to overthrow the communist Afghan Government, which had usurped power in the Saur revolution in 1978, whereas the Soviets, ostensibly to support the communist People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan, entered Afghanistan, staged a coup, killed Hafizullah Amin, and installed Soviet loyalist Babrak Karmal as leader.
Pakistani support for the Mujahideen later brought in the involvement of the United Kingdom, the United States, Saudi Arabia and China's support for the same anti-Soviet cause. Pakistan would receive aid from other Muslim nations, China, and the US in the advent of war by the USSR according to General Zia. American presence in Pakistan as well as anti-Soviet/communist Mujahideen havens resulted in Soviet attempts to bombard targets in Pakistan by air that were seen as a threat to the security of Soviet forces in Afghanistan. Some of these resulted in air to air skirmishes between the Soviet Air Force and the Pakistan Air Force (PAF).
Pakistan personalities with Soviet Honors
Faiz Ahmed Faiz—Lenin Peace Prize (1962)
Abdul Sattar Edhi—Lenin Peace Prize (1988)
Abdus Salam—Lomonosov Gold Medal (1983)
Soviet personalities with Pakistan honors
Anna Molka— Tamgha-i-Imtiaz (1963) and Pride of Performance (1969)
Mikhail Koltokof— Pride of Performance (1987)
Scholars exchange cooperation
List of Pakistani scholars of Soviet studies
Abdul Sattar
Jamsheed Marker
Khurshid Kasuri
Tariq Fatemi
Further reading
Soviet-Pakistan Relations and Post-Soviet Dynamics, 1947–92 Hafeez Malik Springer, 2016 , 9781349105731
References
Bilateral relations of the Soviet Union
Soviet Union
History of the foreign relations of Pakistan
Abhishek Dhananjay Suryavanshi (born 12 March 2001) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for ATK Mohun Bagan in the Indian Super League.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Indian footballers
Association football midfielders
ATK Mohun Bagan FC players
Paulet St John, 3rd Earl of Bolingbroke (23 November 1634 – 5 October 1711), known as Paulet St John until 1688, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1663 to 1685. He inherited the peerage as Earl of Bolingbroke in 1688.
St John was the younger son of Sir Paulet St John, younger son of Oliver St John, 1st Earl of Bolingbroke. His mother was Elizabeth Vaughan. In 1663, he was elected Member of Parliament for Bedford in a by-election to the Cavalier Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Bedford in the two elections of 1679 and in 1681. In 1688 he succeeded his elder brother in the earldom and entered the House of Lords. The following year he was appointed Custos Rotulorum of Bedfordshire, which he remained until his death. He was also a Recorder of Bedford.
Lord Bolingbroke died unmarried in October 1711, aged 76. The earldom became extinct on his death while he was succeeded in the barony of St John of Bletso by his kinsman Sir Paulet St Andrew St John, 5th Baronet.
References
1634 births
1711 deaths
People from Bedford
Paulet
English MPs 1661–1679
English MPs 1679
English MPs 1680–1681
English MPs 1681
3
Barons St John of Bletso
Herbert Lottman (August 16, 1927, Brooklyn – August 27, 2014, Paris) was an American author who specialized in writing biographies on French subjects. An influential biographer, he published 17 biographies, 15 of which were related to French culture, commerce, or politics; including works on Albert Camus, Colette, Gustave Flaubert, Henri Philippe Pétain, Jules Verne, and the Rothschild banking family of France. He wrote that, just before dying, Albert Camus was pledged to marry. Camus's estate tried to block his book, partly because of this controversial statement.
Life and career
Born in Brooklyn, Lottman was the son of a Broadway press agent. His brother, Evan A. Lottman, is an Oscar nominated film editor. He graduated from New York University in 1948 with degrees in English and biology. He won a Fulbright Scholarship which enabled him to pursue further studies in Paris. There he met and married his first wife Michele before returning to New York to attend graduate school at Columbia University; graduating with a Masters in English in 1951.
In 1956 Lottman moved to Paris where he briefly attempted to pursue a career as a novelist. He ultimately settled on managing the Paris branch of the publisher Farrar, Straus and Giroux, writing freelance articles for magazines, and working as a biographer, publishing his first book, Detours From the Grand Tour, in 1970. He also worked for Publishers Weekly as a writer for four decades.
In 1991 Lottman was appointed Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, and was later made an Officer in 1996. He died at his home in Paris at the age of 87 and is buried at the Montparnasse Cemetery.
References
1927 births
2014 deaths
Burials at Montparnasse Cemetery
New York University alumni
Officiers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Writers from Brooklyn
American male writers
Evangeline is a musical with a book by Jamie Wax, lyrics by Wax and Paul Taranto, and music by Paul Taranto.
Peopled by characters introduced by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow in his 1847 epic poem of the same name, it tells the tale of Evangeline Bellefontaine and Gabriel Lajeunesse, born on the same mid-18th century day in the Acadian village of Grand-Pré in Nova Scotia. The two forge a bond that strengthens as they grow older, and they eventually become engaged. Their lives are disrupted when they are separated by British soldiers who invade the community and disperse the residents among the American colonies. Evangeline's search for her fiancé takes her on a long journey from the New England seacoast to the Louisiana bayous, where she settles in St. Martin and faithfully waits for the arrival of her beloved. Years later she joins local priest Father Felician to assist him in his ministrations to the still-homeless Acadians roaming along the Atlantic seabord, a fateful move that unexpectedly brings her closer to her destiny.
In 1995, inspired by a children's theatre production about the Acadian expulsion, music teacher Paul Taranto began working on a musical adaptation of the story. Three years later, he approached actor/playwright/lyricist Wax with a collection of songs he had written and asked if he would be interested in collaborating on the project. Unable to commit himself at the time, he recommended Taranto work with mutual friend Danny Tiberghein, who taught at the same school and had a theatrical background. When Tiberghein later was killed, Wax agreed to complete the musical with Taranto as a memorial to him.
Production history
In November 1998, Evangeline was presented in concert form at the Episcopal High School (Baton Rouge, Louisiana). The reaction was favorable enough for the creative team to pool their resources and finance the recording of a concept album.
The first full-scale production of the show, directed by Paige Parsons-Wax, was mounted at Louisiana State University in 1999. Taranto conducted the orchestra, and Wax played one of the secondary roles. Two months later, there were two concert performances, one in Lafayette and the other at the Strand Theatre in Shreveport. The latter was taped by Louisiana Public Broadcasting and, in October 2000, aired on PBS stations throughout the United States and Canada. The PBS production starred Ana Maria Andricain as Evangeline, Rod Weber as Gabriel, and Andre Chapoy as Father Felician, backed by the Centenary College Choir, the Texas Street Singers, and the Children's Choir of the Episcopal School of Baton Rouge.
Evangeline was staged at the Baton Rouge Little Theatre in 2004. It was directed Paige Parsons Gagliano, while composer Paul Taranto was a musical director. Andre Chapoy appeared once more than Father Felician. In February 2011, the musical received full-scale production at the Manship Theatre in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, presented by the Dunham School's Theatre Department and directed again by Gagliano. Judy Snow acted as musical director while Lisa Hooks-Murray was the show's choreographer. Evangeline was played by Mary Elizabeth Drake, and Gabriel by Roston Jarrell. Father Felician was Quinn Miller.
The show was staged at Theatre Baton Rouge in the fall of 2016, directed by Gagliano, with music direction by Taranto and choreography by Christine Chrest. Bailey Purvis played the title character.
Synopsis
In the French-Acadian village of Grand-Pre in Nova Scotia, it is the middle of the eighteenth century. The priest, Father Felician, announces that two children were born the same morning: Gabriel Lajeunesse and Evangeline Bellefontaine, both delivered by midwife Madame Hebert. The two children grow up together under the occupation of British troops. Eventually Gabriel proposes marriage to Evangeline. Her free-spirited friend, Praline, is unhappy about this. On the day before the wedding, the British force the Acadians from their homes and burn the village.
To end the Acadians' opposition to the British, they are forced to disperse among the American colonies. Evangeline and Gabriel become separated, but they vow to stay faithful until they can find one another. Evangeline's search, with Father Felician, takes her from New England to St. Martin in the Louisiana territory. For years, she watches for Gabriel's return, while everyone tells her to move on with her life. Praline, now wealthy and widowed, visits and urges Evangeline to join her to live a life of luxury and excitement in New Orleans, but Evangeline declines.
She leaves with Father Felician to bring medical aid to the still-homeless Acadians along the Atlantic coast. In a hospital in Canada near Grand-Pre, she finally sees Gabriel, who has been surviving as a trapper, but he is dying of a fever. He dies in her arms, declaring his love and faithfulness to her. She confirms to Father Felician that this brief reunion was worth all she had given, her entire life, and nothing less.
Song list
Act I
Prologue: The Forest Primeval
The Village of Grand Pré
The Game of Life
Someday
A Sort-of Friend
If I Know Boys
To Our Memories
My Guardian
Father Forgive Them
Act One Finale
Act II
Starting Again
Blessed Lady
Worth the Wait
Matt from Ville Platte
Common Ground
There Are Days
If I Know Men
Trust Your Heart
Someday (reprise)
Epilogue
Worth the Wait (solo version)
References
External links
Official website
Internet Movie Database listing
1998 musicals
Musicals based on poems
Adaptations of works by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Rajen Sheth is an executive at Google, where he currently runs product management at cloud AI and machine learning team. The idea of an enterprise version Google's email service Gmail was pitched by Rajen in a meeting with CEO Eric Schmidt in 2004. Schmidt initially rejected the proposal, arguing that the division should focus on web search, but the suggestion was later accepted. Sheth is known as "father of Google Apps", and is responsible for development of Chrome and Chrome OS for Business.
Career
Rajen studied Computer Engineering (1994-1999) in Stanford University like Sergey Brin and Larry Page. He graduated with Electrical Engineering and got a master's degree in Computer Engineering from Stanford University in 1999 and then joined Microsoft. At that time, Microsoft was reshaping their email service, Hotmail. After a year at Microsoft, he moved to a Silicon Valley startup known as Zaplet, where he built what he calls “future email technologies.” In 2004, he joined Google.
References
Google employees
Living people
Stanford University alumni
American Jains
People from the San Francisco Bay Area
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lake Mendota is a freshwater eutrophic lake that is the northernmost and largest of the four lakes in Madison, Wisconsin. The lake borders Madison on the north, east, and south, Middleton on the west, Shorewood Hills on the southwest, Maple Bluff on the northeast, and Westport on the northwest. Lake Mendota acquired its present name in 1849 following a proposal by a surveyor named Frank Hudson, who claimed to be familiar with local Native American languages; Lyman C. Draper, the first corresponding secretary of the Wisconsin Historical Society, proposed that 'Mendota' could have been a Chippewa word meaning 'large' or 'great.'
Early history
Lake Mendota originated after the Wisconsin glaciation, which occurred approximately 15,000 years ago. Glacial ice, which had covered the Madison lakes (Lakes Mendota, Monona, Kegonsa, and Waubesa) at a thickness of over 300 meters, began to retreat northwest about 14,000 years ago, damming a glacial lake near the City of Middleton that now serves as the source of water for Pheasant Branch, a creek that drains from the east into Lake Mendota. Water left behind by the retreating glaciers eventually filled the current lake bed of Lake Mendota. Although a large lake that stretched from the northern part of Lake Mendota down to Stoughton did exist for about 1,000 years, falling water levels caused this large lake to separate into the four current Madison lakes about 10,000 years ago, leaving numerous shallow-water marshes between those lakes.
According to reports from European settlers in the early nineteenth century, Lake Mendota once had white sand beaches and clear water, with the sand being calcium carbonate, which continually entered the lake from its gypsum-rich watershed. However, after American settlers began to populate Madison, the physical characteristics of the once-mesotrophic lake began to rapidly change. This was largely due to the Tenney Locks, which were constructed in 1849 to regulate shipping through the Madison Isthmus and led to a four-foot increase in the water level in Lake Mendota, submerging the beaches. Additionally, due to the growth of the Wisconsin dairy industry in the late nineteenth century, Lake Mendota was repeatedly inundated with runoff from nearby farms that caused the lake bed to become dark black, the color of prairie soil. The resulting spikes in the concentrations of nitrogen and phosphorus turned Lake Mendota into a eutrophic lake. The degree of eutrophication was so high that in 1882, Edward Asahel Birge, a young zoologist and future president of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, documented Lake Mendota's first known toxic cyanobacterial blooms in conjunction with his collaborator Chancey Juday, marking the first step toward long-term studies of Lake Mendota.
Geography
Lake Mendota and Lake Monona are separated by an isthmus known as the Madison Isthmus, on which the majority of Madison, WI, is located. While the lakes are separated by dry ground, they are connected by the Yahara River. Navigation along this portion of the Yahara River is controlled by the Tenney Park Lock and Dam, which was constructed to allow shallow drafting boats to cross this dredged section of river through what was once wetlands. Today, the Tenney Park Locks also help to maintain water levels in the Madison lakes, as under normal conditions, the water level in Lake Mendota is kept five feet above that in Lake Monona. By contrast, when water levels are too high, the Tenney Park Dam is closed to minimize flow from Lake Mendota into Lake Monona and Lake Waubesa, while when water levels are too low, all the dams along the Yahara River are opened to maximize water flow. In early 2021, Dane County obtained an Ellicott 'Dragon Dredge' as a means of reducing the consequences of flooding from the Yahara River and the Madison lakes by removing silt and muck deposits that have accumulated for decades at choke points between the lakes. This acquisition was part of a multi-million dollar flood mitigation effort led by Dane County Executive Joe Parisi dating back to 2019, when historic rains inundated creeks and caused the waters of Lake Monona to rise to their highest levels in over a century, that would allow Dane County to more efficiently move large volumes of water between the Madison lakes to avoid similar catastrophic impacts from flooding.
The banks of the lake largely contain expensive luxury homes and condominiums, but they also contain protected natural areas and parks, including James Madison Park, as well as UW-Madison housing, the Memorial Union, and a handful of hotels and restaurants. There are at least 25 boat launching sites and several major marinas serving the Yahara chain of lakes. The city of Madison maintains five beaches on Lake Mendota, three of which are staffed with lifeguards. On a typical summer day, the lake is filled with those engaging in water sports, including boating, fishing, water skiing, wakeboarding, tubing, canoeing, windsurfing, kayaking, and sailing. With an average freeze date of December 20, Lake Mendota is used in the winter by sports enthusiasts for ice boating, ice skating, ice fishing, cross-country skiing, ice hockey and snowkiting.
The Wisconsin State Capitol and much of the state government is located on the narrow Madison Isthmus, and the University of Wisconsin–Madison campus is situated along the southern shore of Lake Mendota. In the early 20th century, Chancey Juday and Edward A. Birge founded an influential school of limnology there as a component of the university, which was reorganized and expanded into the Center for Limnology in July 1982. The university's Hoofer Sailing Club operates at the Memorial Union.
Lake study
Lake Mendota has been called "the most studied lake in the world," with the UW–Madison Center for Limnology resting on its southern bank. The lake has a remote sensor buoy, affectionately known as 'David Buoy,' that is part of the Global Lake Ecological Observatory Network. The buoy was first anchored in Lake Mendota in 2008 and has collected data in each subsequent year from early spring until late fall, when it is removed before the lake freezes in the winter. Several of the lake and atmospheric data collected by the buoy include wind direction, wind speed, air temperature, dissolved oxygen, and chlorophyll. In March 2021, researchers from the Center for Limnology concluded that climate change and the associated lengthening of summer weather have driven the annual formation of dead zones in Lake Mendota, which are oxygen-deficient layers deep in the water column. These dead zones have been shown to remain in the lake for up to two months in the summer and have the potential to devastate the habitats of benthic fish. The increasing eutrophication of Lake Mendota has led to an increased frequency of harmful algal blooms, which sink to the bottom of the lake when they die. Once at the bottom, they are broken down by decomposers via a process that requires oxygen, thus depleting the benthic supply of oxygen and forming dead zones. In the absence of programs designed to mitigate climate change locally, the researchers indicated that the only way to reduce the frequency and severity of the dead zones is to limit the amount of fertilizer and nutrients that flow into Lake Mendota.
On September 11, 2009, the invasive spiny water flea was discovered by the limnology class at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, making it the third known inland lake to harbor this species in Wisconsin. Scientists from the Long Term Ecological Research Network had initially believed that Lake Mendota was an unsuitable habitat for the spiny water flea, which prefers cold lakes, as limnologists from the North Temperate Lakes site of the LTER had conducted over three decades of sampling trips into the lake and had never found a single spiny water flea. However, after extracting sediment cores from Lake Mendota and analyzing them at the UW–Madison Zoological Museum, researchers found evidence that spiny water fleas had been present in low concentrations in the lake for at least a decade before their sudden population increase in 2009. This conforms with recent research proposing that invasive species can spend years or decades as "sleeper populations," remaining at low population densities until environmental conditions become favorable for explosive population growth, at which point they are detected by researchers. In 2015, a reproducing population of invasive zebra mussels was found in Lake Mendota, which generated concern among ecologists because the mussels have been linked to increases in the frequency of cyanobacteria blooms and beach closures.
Biodiversity
Lake Mendota, like the other lakes in the Yahara River chain, contains many native aquatic plant species, which are the primary producers of the lake and serve as the foundation for aquatic food webs as well as shelter for northern pike and yellow perch, both of which are native fish species. A 2017 ecological survey of the Yahara lakes conducted by the Dane County Land & Water Resources Department found 24 aquatic plant species, including the coontail, muskgrass, common waterweed, small duckweed, American lotus, variable pondweed, wild celery, and common bladderwort. These native plant species play a role in partially mitigating the increasing eutrophication of Lake Mendota, as they absorb phosphorus and produce dissolved oxygen, and they aid in preserving the physical structure of the lake via their root systems, which stabilize sediment and limit shoreline erosion. The draining and damming of the wetlands that once surrounded Lake Mendota caused extensive losses of fish spawning areas, though about 34 fish species are still common in the lake, including the northern pike, white bass, walleye, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, and musky. Starting in 2006, the University of Wisconsin-Madison Lakeshore Nature Preserve began to catalogue the bird species found in and around Lake Mendota, and, so far, over 255 bird species, most of which regularly occur in southern Wisconsin, have been spotted during their annual migrations. Some of the bird species found in the Nature Preserve include the blue jay, American goldfinch, Baltimore oriole, bald eagle, great horned owl, marsh wren, and common loon.
However, in recent decades, Lake Mendota has become increasingly eutrophic, and the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources has documented the presence of numerous invasive species of both plants and animals in the lake. Eutrophication has caused a rapid increase in the abundance of aquatic plants and in the frequency of harmful algal blooms, with the latter being attributable to cyanobacteria. The dominant genera of cyanobacteria in Lake Mendota include Aphanizomenon, Anabaena, and Microcystis, with yearly cyanobacterial blooms occurring in almost every Madison lake since 2017. There are various invasive species in Lake Mendota, including the curly-leaf pondweed, Eurasian water-milfoil, freshwater jellyfish, spiny water flea, water lettuce, and zebra mussel. The spiny water flea in particular has led to devastating ecological consequences in Lake Mendota, as it consumes the native zooplankton Daphnia pulicaria, which has led to marked decreases in water clarity due to increases in the population size of phytoplankton, which are the preferred prey of D. pulicaria.
Artifacts
On November 2, 2021, a team from the Wisconsin Historical Society raised a dugout canoe to the surface of Lake Mendota. It was discovered by Tamara Thomsen and Mallory Dragt while joyriding on their scooters in June of 2021. At 1200 years old, it is the oldest known sunken boat/shipwreck in Wisconsin.
On September 22, 2022, a team from the Wisconsin Historical Society raised a dugout canoe to the surface of Lake Mendota. At 3000 years old, it is the oldest known sunken boat/shipwreck in Wisconsin
Gallery
See also
Lake Kegonsa
Lake Monona
Lake Waubesa
Lake Wingra
Lake Mendota Boathouse
List of lake monsters
Flag of Madison, Wisconsin
References
External links
Information about Lake Mendota's physical characteristics – University of Wisconsin - Madison Limnology Department
City of Madison Beaches
GAMIS Monitoring Buoy of Lake Mendota
Lakes of Dane County, Wisconsin
Tourist attractions in Madison, Wisconsin
Bodies of water of Madison, Wisconsin
Ahmad Shukri bin Abdul Shukur is a Malaysian politician that has participated in several general elections in Malaysia. He was the Member of Parliament for Padang Terap from 1974 to 1978 and the Member of Kedah State Legislative Assembly for Sala from 1969 to 1974.
Political career
He was the member of Kedah State Legislative Assembly for Sala from 1969 to 1974 after winning the 1969 Malaysian general election representing Malaysian Islamic Party. In 1964 Malaysian general election, he lost to Mahathir Mohamad, representing UMNO for the Kota Star Selatan parliamentary seat. He was also a member of Dewan Rakyat after winning the Padang Terap parliamentary seat in 1974 Malaysian general election, representing PAS, which used the logo of Barisan Nasional.
In July 1983, after PAS had failed to win back Kelantan, Ahmad Shukri followed the former PAS president, Asri Muda to establish a new party, Parti Hizbul Muslimin Malaysia. He was appointed as the Deputy President, the Spokesperson of Kedah and the Chairman of the Disciplinary Committee of the party.
See also
Parti Hizbul Muslimin Malaysia
Padang Terap (federal constituency)
Reference
Members of the Kedah State Legislative Assembly
Salehabad-e Sharqi (, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād-e Sharqī; also known as Shahrak-e Şāleḩābād-e Sharqī, Shahrak-e Şāleḩābād, Sālehābād, and Şāleḩābād) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,753, in 1,349 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
In the United States, acting white is a pejorative term, usually applied to black people, which refers to a person's perceived betrayal of their culture by assuming the social expectations of white society. It can be applied to success in education, but this view is highly debated. In 2020, 93.6% of African Americans between 25 and 39 had a high school diploma, on par with the national average.
The term is controversial, and its precise meaning is hard to define. It is theorized that some minority students are discouraged from achieving in school by the negative prejudices of ethnic peers; such a view has been expressed in articles in The New York Times, Time magazine, and The Wall Street Journal—and by public figures and academics across the political spectrum.
History of usage
The question of whether or not "acting white" attitudes are prevalent has been debated in academic literature. In 1986, Nigerian sociologist John Ogbu co-authored with Signithia Fordham a study that concluded that high-performing African-American students in a Washington, D.C. high school borrowed from hegemonic white culture as part of a strategy for achievement, while struggling to maintain a black identity, and the "acting white theory" was born.
Black comedian, media figure and subsequent convicted sex offender Bill Cosby used the term in what became a noted May 2004 speech when he challenged the black community against the idea that gaining education was "acting white." Don Lemon has also claimed that African-American communities are harmed by referring to use of proper English or finishing school as "acting white."
Black people accused of "acting white" are sometimes referred to as Black Anglo-Saxons, a term coined by comedian Paul Mooney.
Accusations of "acting white"
Barack Obama
In 2008 before Obama's election, Ralph Nader, a longtime activist, characterized the senator as "talking white."
Obama's presidential victory in the 2008 election and public image prompted a public discussion about whether he would shift the ground of critics of 'acting white'. Commentators John McWhorter and Stephen J. Dubner have said that it might. Yahanna of the Israelite School of Universal Practical Knowledge, described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a black supremacist sect, did not consider Obama to be black but "African of white descent" and advised African Americans not to vote for him.
Obama strongly criticized the idea that achievement was limited to "acting white" in his keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention. He said that "children can't achieve unless we raise their expectations and turn off the television sets and eradicate the slander that says a black youth with a book is acting white."
Russell Wilson
Seattle Seahawks football player Russell Wilson came under fire in 2014 when anonymous sources alleged that the feeling in the Seahawks locker room was that Wilson lacked "blackness." Mike Freeman, writing for Bleacher Report, speculated that this conflict was a possible reason for the trading of player Percy Harvin from the Seahawks to the New York Jets.
Case studies and research
Not all scholars define acting white in the same way. Most definitions include a reference to situations where some minority adolescents ridicule their peers for engaging in behaviors perceived to be characteristic of whites. In this scenario, they equate "white behavior" with high grades in school, a result researchers can quantify, but the term is not limited to this.
A fundamental drawback of much of the research so far is that the people studied have been asked to rate their own popularity in the eyes of others, which naturally brings those scores into question. Roland G. Fryer, Jr. has remarked, "Asking teenagers whether they're popular is like asking them if they're having sex."
Fordham and Ogbu
In 1986, Signithia Fordham co-authored with Nigerian sociologist John Ogbu a study that concluded that high-performing African-American students in a Washington, D.C. high school borrowed from hegemonic white culture as part of a strategy for achievement, while struggling to maintain a black identity. Ogbu made a related claim in his 2003 book, Black American Students in an Affluent Suburb: A Study of Academic Disengagement, concluding that black students' own cultural attitudes sometimes hindered academic achievement and that these attitudes are too often neglected.
Ogbu had earlier written in his seminal work Minority Education and Caste (1978), that school disengagement among caste-like minorities occurs because white society limits the job-success of their parents and others in their communities by a glass ceiling. In his new book, he said that non-whites "failed to observe the link between educational achievement and access to jobs."
Expressions such as "acting white" may or may not reflect black teenagers' cultural values, and their usage is sometimes counterintuitive. Ogbu (2003) himself, for instance, documented one instance where a black teenage girl with natural hair was accused of "acting white" by her black peers because "like white people, she did not have to process her hair." This kind of examples show that accusations of "acting white" are not fundamentally about black cultural attributes (although such accusations may reflect these attributes). Rather, "acting white" is just a manifestation of racial identity development for black children and teenagers, who are learning and defining for themselves what it means to be "black"—in conjunction with normal adolescent peer pressure and hassles. That is also why such accusations are less common among black adults, who have come to greater resolution regarding racial identity issues.
Other studies
In 1997 the scholars Philip J. Cook and Jens Ludwig published a report finding that blacks do not face any stronger social pressures than whites to succeed in school, nor do they have greater feelings of alienation towards education in general. They noted anecdotal and ethnographic research confirming that minority students hold these views, but they concluded that these are not inherently generalizable and do not substantially affect student behavior in the classroom. They labeled the issue "something of a distraction" from what they saw as more important educational reforms.
Though Ogbu's 1978 study's conclusion was widely discussed, a 2003 work also challenged its validity. In 2003, sociologist Karolyn Tyson and economist William Darity, Jr., of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, conducted an 18-month study at 11 North Carolina schools. The study concluded that white and black students have essentially the same attitudes about scholastic achievement; students in both groups want to succeed in school and show higher levels of self-esteem when they do better in school. They compared attitudes identified as acting white to the normal adolescent pains experienced in John Hughes' movies.
A 2010 study by Roland G. Fryer, Jr. and Paul Torelli suggested that the phenomenon probably had little to no effect on students achieving at average levels, but might explain a significant role in the disparities between black and white students at high achievement levels. Fryer has also written that, in contrast to Fordham and Ogbu's theory, "acting white" prejudices are actually more common the more integrated the school, with historically black schools free of any effects. He found that groups such as Italian immigrants in Boston's West End and the Maori of New Zealand display similar behaviors. He concluded that there is necessarily a trade-off between doing well and rejection by your peers when you come from a traditionally low-achieving group, especially when that group comes into contact with more outsiders.
Stuart Buck, a lawyer, also explored this issue in Acting White: The Ironic Legacy of Desegregation (2010). He said that segregated black schools had featured teachers, counselors, and others of the same race as the student population, and the adults often acted as mentors to the students. Integration of many public schools since the mid- to late-20th century may have resulted in schools in which black students perceived they were controlled or dominated by whites. A black student trying to achieve high educational success may then be considered as trying to leave the minority group.
Margaret Beale Spencer and Vinay Harpalani (2008) argue that usage of the term acting white by black teenagers does not reflect their cultural values; rather, it is a manifestation of their racial identity development, experienced in conjunction with normal adolescent hassles and peer pressure. Spencer and Harpalani employ William E. Cross' (1991) 'Nigrescence' framework and contend that black teenagers' use of "acting white" in relation to academic achievement is similar to white teenagers' use of the term nerd: the only difference is that black teenagers express it in racialized terms, as in addition to normal teenage peer pressure, they are grappling with racial identity and what it means to be "black."
Other languages
In Latin-American Spanish, a similar expression, hacer las cosas como los blancos ( "do things like whites") is a pseudo-positive racist statement, a rebuke commonly directed from black people to other black people who are able to do something in the "correct" manner. What is implied is that white people do things always well.
Commentary
Anne Arnett Ferguson, a professor at Smith College, wrote in 2001 that white culture "ruthlessly excludes African American cultural modes as relevant and meaningful," highlighting the insistence in schools of standard English over Black Vernacular English as an example.
In their 2003 study, sociologist Karolyn Tyson and economist William Darity, Jr. said that school staff and faculty who hold racist attitudes about the ability of black students use the acting white disparagement as a cover for disparities in student performance. Shelby Steele wrote in The Content of Our Character that what he identified as middle-class black values are falsely viewed by the majority of blacks as "white," while they are colorblind. He argued that this attitude is distinct from other issues of young blacks in poverty.
Clarence Page made the comparison to crab mentality on The News Hour with Jim Lehrer in 2004:
Kenji Yoshino, a New York University School of Law professor, in his Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights (2006), criticizes social pressures to conform to mainstream white culture. He said this violated African Americans' civil rights, and they can uphold their own social distinctions. He said they should be able to freely choose to identify with white culture if they wish. In 2008, political observer John McWhorter has commented, "[t]eenagers have a variety of identities open to them for trying on anti-Establishment postures. White kids can be stoners or goths. Black kids can be 'nonwhite'." He interpreted those kids as black "nerds," and stated that the acting white attitude developed as the creation of an "Other" among newly integrated African-American kids.
See also
African American Vernacular English
Blackface
Boba liberal
Racial achievement gap in the United States
Ethnic option
House Negro
Crab mentality
Oreo
Miss Ann
Mister Charlie
Oppositional culture
Passing (racial identity)
Race traitor
Stereotype threat
Stereotypes of African Americans
Straight-acting
Tall poppy syndrome
Uncle Tom
Uppity
Wigger
Shoneen
West Brit
References
Further reading
McWhorter, John. 2019 July 20. “The Origins of the ‘Acting White' Charge.” The Atlantic.
Morin, Richard. 2005 June 5. "The Price of Acting White." The Washington Post.
Ogbu, John U. 2004. "Collective Identity and the Burden of 'Acting White'." The Urban Review 36(1):1–35. .
Pluviose, David. 2006 April 5. "Study: ‘Acting White' Accusation." Diverse Education.
Solomon, Nancy. 2009 October 31. "Facing Identity Conflicts, Black Students Fall Behind." National Public Radio.
African-American culture
Cultural assimilation
African Americans and education
Race and education in the United States
Sociology of education
Education issues
Education policy
Politics and race in the United States
Social inequality
African-American-related controversies
White culture
Anti-African and anti-black slurs
is a 1996 Japanese film directed by Kōhei Oguri. The film stars Ahn Sung-ki, Christine Hakim, and Kōji Yakusho. The music is by Toshio Hosokawa. It is produced by Hiroshi Fujikura and Kiyoshi Kenmochi.
Cast
Ahn Sung-ki as the sleeping man
Christine Hakim as Tia
Kōji Yakusho as Kamimura
Jun Hamamura as Old man at post office
Tokie Hidari as Tomiko
Masao Imafuku as Le père de Takuji
Ittoku Kishibe as Chief
Toshie Kobayashi as Middle-aged mother-in-law
References
External links
1990s Japanese-language films
1996 films
Japanese films
Films set in Gunma Prefecture
Films shot in Japan
Films directed by Kôhei Oguri
1990s Japanese films
Bāb Antakiya (, Aleppo Arabic: , "Gate of Antioch") is a critical defense gate in Aleppo, and protects the city from the west. Bab Antakiya is located in the centre of the western wall of the old city of Aleppo, and its name was derived from Antioch, the capital of ancient Syria, as the gate was the main exit which was leading to the city of Antioch.
History
This gate was considered the main bab of the city during the Byzantine rule, but it lost its importance gradually during the Islamic and Arab rule, until the reconstruction by the Ayyubid Emir of Aleppo An-Nasir Yusuf (ruled 1242-60) on an 11th-century base. It was further rebuilt in the 15th century in Mamluk era when the gate regained its vital role as a main landmark for the old city.
During the Battle of Aleppo in the Syrian civil war the gate became a key target for rebel forces who tried to take the old Citadel.
Construction
The gate is topped by two rising parallel hexagonal bastions with a jagged entrance path, being located under the one which is on the right side due to defensive tactics, consisted of white stones of big sizes ( X (. The main axis of the old Souq of Aleppo is originated from the Antakeya gate.
References
Ziyarat
Antakeya
Mount Hotine () is a peak northeast of Mount McKerrow, in the Surveyors Range of Antarctica. It was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (1960–61) for Brigadier Martin Hotine, British Director of Overseas Surveys at the time.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
William Edward Finck (September 1, 1822 – January 25, 1901) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Somerset, Ohio, Finck attended the public schools and St. Joseph's College (Ohio).
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1843 and commenced practice in Somerset, Ohio.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1850 to the Thirty-second Congress.
He served as member of the State senate in 1851.
He served as delegate to the Whig National Convention in 1852.
He was again a member of the State senate in 1861.
Finck was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1863 – March 3, 1867).
He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for judge of the Ohio Supreme Court in 1868 and 1876.
Finck was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Hugh J. Jewett and served from December 7, 1874, to March 3, 1875.
He resumed the practice of law.
He died in Somerset, Ohio, January 25, 1901.
He was interred in Holy Trinity Cemetery.
Sources
1822 births
1901 deaths
People from Somerset, Ohio
Ohio Whigs
Ohio state senators
Ohio lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Cuneah, also Gunia, Cunneah, Cunnyha, Cunniah, Coneehaw, Connehaw, Cunneaw (Haida: Gəniyá ( 1789–1801), was the chief of Kiusta, a town at the northwestern tip of Graham Island during the era of the Maritime Fur Trade in Haida Gwaii off the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada. This town was an important port of call for acquiring sea otter skins in the early years of the maritime fur trade. Cuneah seems to have avoided the violence that plagued other Haida chiefs, like Koyah.
George Dixon visited the Kiusta area in 1787 and called the inlet where he traded Cloak Bay, for the large number of beautiful sea otter cloaks he acquired there from Cuneah's people. The first European to go ashore and meet Cuneah was William Douglas, in June 1789. In addition to trading goods, Cuneah and Douglas exchanged names, a gesture of good will and honour among the Haida. From that time on the log books of various traders mention the chief as "Douglas Cuneah".
A number of American traders visited, one of whom described Cuneah as "humane" and "friendly". Unfortunately the details about Cuneah after Douglas's visit are difficult to trace due to the fragmentary nature of the historic material available. Robert Haswell of the ship Columbia Rediviva under Robert Gray wrote an account of events at Kiusta. About Cuneah, Haswell wrote that he was "a very good old fellow - his wife was off ship and had vast authority over every person alongside."
Sigismund Bacstrom drew a picture of Cuneah's eldest daughter, Koota-Hilslinga, in 1793.
Another description of Cuneah is found in Bishop's journal of the ship Ruby. He describes Cuneah as chief of the whole district in 1795, probably meaning the area of Kaigani Strait and much of the north coast of Graham Island. Cuneah had a major influence over the Haida of Kiusta, Dadens and Kaigani. The chiefs Eldarge, Cowe, Skilkada, and Shakes were secondary to Cuneah.
By 1811 Kiusta had lost its place of prominence in the fur trade, and Chief Cuneah was either very old or dead. His successor seems to have kept the name and title, but lost the chiefdom.
See also
Cumshewa
References
Further reading
Haida people
Fur trade
Indigenous leaders in British Columbia
Pre-Confederation British Columbia people
Year of birth unknown
18th-century indigenous people of the Americas
19th-century First Nations people
Eastern Westmoreland Career and Technology Center is a public Career and Technical school, located near Latrobe, Pennsylvania, serving students in grades 10-12 in the eastern portion of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.
Participating School Districts
There are three participating High Schools that send students to the center, they are as follows:
Derry Area High School - of the Derry Area School District
Greater Latrobe Senior High School - of the Greater Latrobe School District
Ligonier Valley High School - of the Ligonier Valley School District.
References
External links
Schools in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Panagiotis Kynigopoulos (; born 24 September 1996) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a winger for Super League 2 club Kallithea.
References
External links
Panagiotis Kynigopoulos at worldfootball.net
Panagiotis Kynigopoulos at pfc1891.gr
1996 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Belgian First Division A players
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
Panachaiki F.C. players
Association football wingers
People from Imathia
Footballers from Central Macedonia
BOUML is a Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagram designer. Programmed in C++ and Qt, it is multilingual, and supports code generation and code reverse engineering. The releases prior to version 4.23 are free software licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL). BOUML 5 up to 6.12 is proprietary software. BOUML 7 and later is free software.
History
In September 2010, developer Bruno Pagès announced that he was ceasing work on BOUML (other than bug fixes), citing "copyright violations and mismanagement from Wikipedia administrators".
The version 4.23 named "ultimate" was distributed in November 2010, after which it was announced that no more updates would be released. However, several patches were released after the announcement, the last being BOUML 4.23 ultimate patch 7 in October 2011.
In February 2012, version 5 was released as the first paid version. It has a new file format, but is backward compatible in that version 5 can read project files saved by the old versions.
In August 2012, version 6 was released as the first version managing MySQL.
In May 2017, BOUML is again free of use and the version 7 was released as the first of the new free versions, it is still backward compatible in that version 7 can read project files saved by the old versions.
In August 2021, developer Bruno Pagès announced the end of the development of BOUML due to obsolescence of the used framework.
Code generation and reverse engineering
BOUML can automatically generate code from the UML class diagrams and rebuild them from existing source code using the following languages: C++, Java, PHP, and MYSQL. It can also generate code for Python and IDL, but not extract the UML model for these languages.
See also
List of Unified Modeling Language tools
References
External links
Formerly free software
UML tools
David Schuster may refer to:
David Shuster (born 1967), American television journalist and talk radio host
David Michael Schuster (born 1952), American tenor
David Israel Schuster (born 1935), American chemist
Ypenburg Airport (Dutch: Vliegveld Ypenburg), which later became Ypenburg Air Base was an airport in the Netherlands in Leidschenveen-Ypenburg near the city of The Hague. The ICAO code was EHYB.
History
The airfield was established in 1936, initially for recreational purposes. At the beginning of World War II German forces attempted to capture the airfield, in 1940, via an airborne landing during the Battle for The Hague. This failed however and Dutch forces recaptured the airfield. After the Netherlands eventually surrendered to Germany, the Luftwaffe made no use of the airfield during the remainder of the war.
After the war the field remained a civilian airport until 1955, when it was turned into an Air Base. After 1968, operations decreased significantly; the Air Base was used mainly as a VIP airport for politicians and the royal family. In 1982 it was decided to close the Air Base, but it was not until 1992 that it was abandoned by the Royal Netherlands Air Force. Among the last aircraft to use the airport were military cargo aircraft heading towards Kuwait during the Gulf War. In 1997 a new residential area was constructed on the site of the airport, Leidschenveen-Ypenburg. Very little remains of the airport today, the former air traffic control tower being a notable exception.
External links
Vliegveld Ypenburg historical website
Defunct airports in the Netherlands
Royal Netherlands Air Force bases
Airports in South Holland
Buildings and structures in Rijswijk
Transport in The Hague
Airports established in 1936
Airports disestablished in 1992
This is a summary of the electoral history of Phil Goff, Mayor of Auckland (2016–present), Leader of the Labour Party (2008–2011). He was a Member of Parliament for three electorates during his career: Roskill, New Lynn and Mount Roskill.
Parliamentary elections
1981 election
1984 election
1987 election
1990 election
1993 election
1996 election
1999 election
2002 election
2005 election
2008 election
2011 election
2014 election
Local elections
2016 Auckland mayoral election
2019 Auckland mayoral election
Notes
References
Goff, Phil
Paddy Johnston (1933 – 28 September 2001) was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder at senior level for the Kilkenny county team.
Born in Kilkenny, Johnston first played competitive hurling during his schooling at Kilkenny CBS. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked up with the Kilkenny minor team before later joining the junior side. He joined the senior panel during the 1951 championship. Johnston went on to play a brief role for Kilkenny and won one Leinster medal as a non-playing substitute.
At club level Johnston enjoyed a lengthy career with Éire Óg after beginning his career with St John's.
Throughout his career Johnston made just two championship appearance for Kilkenny. His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1953 championship.
In retirement from playing, Johnston became involved in team management, coaching and refereeing. He mentored a host of local clubs before guiding Clara to championship success. Johnston also served as a referee at club and inter-county levels. Johnston refereed the 1976 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Final between Cork and Wexford.
Honours
Kilkenny
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship (1): 1953 (sub)
All-Ireland Junior Hurling Championship (1): 1951
Leinster Junior Hurling Championship (1): 1951
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship (1): 1950
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship (1): 1950
References
1933 births
2001 deaths
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final referees
Éire Óg (Kilkenny) hurlers
Hurling managers
Hurling referees
Hurling selectors
Kilkenny inter-county hurlers
The Complejo Recreativo y Cultural La Guancha (English: La Guancha Recreational and Cultural Complex) is a recreational complex in barrio Playa in Ponce, Puerto Rico, with family recreational and cultural facilities that opened on 23 June 1998. The highlight of the complex is the Paseo Tablado La Guancha, which is flanked by a beach, an observation tower, an amphitheater, and 24 open-air kiosks. It was developed during the administration of Mayor Rafael Cordero Santiago. In October 2017, after Hurricane Maria, it closed to the public to undergo repairs but, as of January 2020, when the area suffered severe damage due to the 2020 Puerto Rico earthquakes, no repairs had been made and, as of 17 June 2020, it remained closed. By late 2020 arrangements were made for the merchants that operated from waterfront kiosks to reopen their businesses out of provisional facilities at a temporary location away from the waterfront while reconstruction of the waterfront area takes place.
History
Originally La Guancha consisted of a road and sidewalk alongside a dike built close to the easternmost shore of barrio Playa across from Ponce Yacht Club. The romantic area was frequented by families and sweethearts alike, especially on weekends, for relaxation and bonding. During the administration of Mayor Cordero, however, a number of facilities were added to the La Guancha area at a cost of over $18 million, developing it into a new recreational complex. The new facilities followed the design of engineer Axel Bonilla Cortes.
Facilities
Seven new facilities were added to the existing walkway area:
The Dr. Enrique "Coco" Vicens Recreational and Cultural Center (Spanish: Centro Recreativo y Cultural Enrique "Coco" Vicéns), which consists of an open-air amphitheater for concert-type facilities and seating some 30,000 spectators. Its stage is known as "Tarima Hector Lavoe".
A rides and amusement park area, intended for the celebration of Patron Saint's Day Festivals, fairs, and similar festivities
The Jose Angel Zayas Colon Children's Park, with over 40 games for the youngsters, plus the (Julio and Geraldo) Chamorro-Franceschini Brothers Park, with facilities for the handicapped
Several parking areas with parking for some 900 vehicles, and distributed throughout the complex
A majestic fountain, as its main axis, displaying the city's Coat-of-arms and its iconic lion
A multi-use building providing facilities for the Ponce Municipal Police, medical emergencies and ambulance, and other related agencies
A nourished beach area with over 10,000 cubic meters of new sand that replenished and built up the previous beach area, and including five beach volleyball courts, gazebos, access ramps to the Caribbean Sea, and associated illumination.
This project complemented the recently inaugurated tourist pier in the nearby Port of Ponce, and which saw an investment of $4 million.
Funding
The Complex was developed by the Department of Community and Economic Development of the Autonomous Municipality of Ponce at a cost of $18.6 million. The breakdown of the cost included $3.6 million in the acquisition of the Paseo Tablado La Guancha, 6.5 million in the purchase of over of land, $8.0 million in the construction of the project, $0.2 million for the bidding process, and $0.3 million for the upgrade of PR-12 (Avenida Santiago de los Caballeros) as infrastructure leading to the new complex.
Effects of the 2020 Puerto Rico earthquake
The complex sustained damage due to the 2020 Puerto Rico earthquake.
Gallery
See also
Paseo Tablado La Guancha
References
Further reading
Fay Fowlie de Flores. Ponce, Perla del Sur: Una Bibliográfica Anotada. Second Edition. 1997. Ponce, Puerto Rico: Universidad de Puerto Rico en Ponce. p. 13. Item 65.
Nelson Garcia. "Origen del Nombre de La Guancha." La Perla del Sur. Ponce, Puerto Rico. 23-30 enero 1996. p. 37.
External links
Complejo Recreativo La Guancha at Explore Puerto Rico
La Historia Olvidada de La Guancha. Sandra Torres Guzmán. La Perla del Sur. 27 May 2015. Accessed 26 November 2020.
Buildings and structures in Ponce, Puerto Rico
Parks in Ponce, Puerto Rico
Beaches of Puerto Rico
1998 in Puerto Rico
1998 establishments in Puerto Rico
Tourist attractions in Ponce, Puerto Rico
William Lawrence O'Brien (born July 20, 1951) is a lawyer and Republican legislator from Mont Vernon, New Hampshire who served as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives since 2004, representing district Hillsborough-4. O'Brien was elected the Speaker of the House on December 1, 2010, when Republicans took control of the House. When Democrats regained control of the House in the 2012 election, O'Brien did not run for a leadership position.
In 2014, after Republicans regained majority in New Hampshire House of Representatives, O'Brien ran for Speaker, but lost to fellow Republican Shawn Jasper.
Biography
O'Brien obtained his bachelor's degree in history in 1974, a law degree in 1977, and received an LL.M. in Intellectual Property in 2003.
He has served as Chair of the NH Republican Party Platform Committee, Vice-Chair of the Granite State Taxpayers, and Co-Chair of the House Republican Alliance. He is a past member of the Mont Vernon School Board and the Mont Vernon Police Advisory Commission. He has contributed to a couple of Democratic candidates over a decade ago and since then has contributed to the Republican campaigns and candidates, such as the NH Republican Committee (06/14/06, 05/24/07), John McCain (09/07/08), Republican National Committee (09/15/08), Robert Giuda (07/13/09 & 03/15/10), and Ovide Lamontagne (03/31/10).
O'Brien is a member of the New Hampshire Bar and the Massachusetts Bar, former Executive Director of the New Hampshire Legal Rights Foundation, and a former equity partner at Finneran, Byrne, Drechsler & O'Brien (Massachusetts). Additionally, he was a professor of law at the New England School of Law and General Counsel of several companies. In 2013, O'Brien and his wife, Roxanne, have been married for 40 years and have three grown children.
Controversies
Closing NH House Gallery
O'Brien temporarily closed the New Hampshire House gallery to the public during a debate about the state budget on March 31, 2011, after union protestors in the gallery began yelling "shame on you" and "don't harass the middle class" and thus prevented debate from being heard. O'Brien then closed the proceedings to the entire public, including a police officer and two former NH lawmakers. When asked why he closed the proceedings, O'Brien responded "I think thugs will not rule New Hampshire." O'Brien recessed the House for 10 minutes to allow state police time to clear the gallery.
Assistant Democratic Leader Gary Richardson of Hopkinton asked O'Brien to allow the public back in. Richardson cited a provision of the New Hampshire Constitution, which states, "The doors of the galleries . . . shall be kept open to all persons who behave decently." O'Brien refused. The House then voted 217–146 to keep the proceedings closed, with 48 Republicans joining the Democrats in opposing the closing. According to attorney Paul Twomey, O'Brien decided to re-open the proceedings shortly after he called to notify O'Brien's office that he would be filing a lawsuit on behalf of the former lawmakers. O'Brien's staff said that the call had nothing to do with the decision, however.
O'Brien claimed that the proceedings were not conducted secretly, since they were streamed on live video and the press was present. "The House of Representatives has the right to conduct itself with decorum without being interrupted by members of the public," O'Brien said. Richardson responded, "The Constitution doesn't talk about streaming video. [It says] the doors of the gallery should be kept open." In Merrimack County Superior Court, Judge Richard McNamara heard arguments about closing the gallery and was told that it was open again. He did not issue an order warning O'Brien not to close the gallery again and the case was dismissed against the Democratic plaintiffs, who chose not to contest or appeal the dismissal.
College student voting requirement
Remarks by O'Brien to a Tea Party-related group – explaining that a reason for a proposed law imposing more rigorous voter ID and residency requirements to be able to vote in New Hampshire elections, is that college students dominate certain local elections and "take away a town's ability to govern itself" and are "foolish, voting as a liberal" because they lack "life experience" – were widely reported in March 2011.
O'Brien said the bill was "necessary to stop students from basically doing what I did when I was a kid: voting as a liberal."
Affordable Care Act and slavery comparison remarks
In August 2013, O'Brien spoke at a rally in New Hampshire of the Americans for Prosperity, a conservative political advocacy group, where he likened the Affordable Care Act to an 1850 pro-slavery federal law. In his remarks O'Brien called the healthcare act, popularly known as Obamacare, "a law as destructive to personal and individual liberty as the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 that allowed slave owners to come to New Hampshire and seize African Americans and use the federal courts to take them back…to slave states." He later defended this characterization in an interview in the Wall Street Journal.
President Obama referred to O'Brien's remark in a September 26, 2013 speech on the Affordable Care Act at Prince George's Community College in Largo, Maryland, saying "You had a state representative somewhere say that it's as destructive to personal and individual liberty as the Fugitive Slave Act. Think about that. Affordable health care is worse than a law that lets slave owners get their runaway slaves back."
Post-Speakership
After Republicans lost control of the House, O'Brien did not run for a leadership position or seek to serve on a committee. Instead, he transitioned towards running for New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district against Democratic Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster in the 2014 elections. However, in August 2013, he announced that he would not run. Instead, he became COO of the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based U.S. subsidiary of the German software company Brainloop.
In 2014, Republicans regained the House of Representatives. O'Brien ran for Speaker of the House, but lost to Shawn Jasper. O'Brien is now the President/CEO of technology company RegDOX Solutions and a Principal and co-founder of Liberty Tree Consulting & Strategies.
References
External links
Representative O'Brien's page on official New Hampshire House of Representatives website
1951 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
New Hampshire Republicans
People from Mont Vernon, New Hampshire
Speakers of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
Candidates in the 2020 United States elections
The Community of St Denys (CSD) is an Anglican religious order of nuns founded in 1879, under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Salisbury of the Church of England. The community was established to engage in domestic and foreign missionary work, but is now engaged in adult education, parish ministry, spiritual guidance, and leading retreats.
The order was founded by Sir James Erasmus Philipps, 12th Baronet, vicar of St Denys' Church, Warminster from 1859 to 1897. From 1890 the nuns ran St Monica's School for Girls, which had a boarding house in an 18th-century building on Vicarage Street. The school merged with Lord Weymouth's Grammar School in 1973 to form Warminster School; there was also an Orphanage of Pity until 1959. In 1994, the address of the convent was given as Vicarage Street.
Ivy House on Church Street, another 18th-century house used by the girls' school, was operated as a retreat until 2014 when it was sold to Warminster School. The former convent had already been bought by the school in 1996.
Around 2007, the order was described as a dispersed community. Until 1973 a satellite community of three sisters worked in the parish of Chiswick, London, occupying a small cottage opposite St Nicholas Church which is still named St Denys' House.
The order is under the patronage of Dionysius the Areopagite. There is a registered charity of the same name, governed by a board of trustees and with an address in Warminster, Wiltshire. The charity gives away the surplus income from its investments in the form of grants to suitable projects, which in 2018–2019 totalled £130,000.
In 2019, there was one surviving Sister in Vows, who was in retirement. There were also eight oblates and five fellowship members.
References
Anglican Religious Communities Yearbook: 2004-2005. Norwich: Canterbury Press, 2003.
The Friends of Ivy House, 2014
Anglican orders and communities
Religious organizations established in 1879
Christian religious orders established in the 19th century
Warminster
Salisbury
Kainady village is located in Neelamperoor grama panchayat in Alappuzha district of Kerala, India.
Geography
Kainady is a small island and consists of picturesque paddy fields and small canals. Population consists of Hindu and Christian denominations. Our Lady of Dolours Church and Karumathra Temple are two main places of worship in Kainady.
Celebrities
Kainady is the birthplace of Pallithanam Luca Matthai (popularly known as Pallithanathu Mathaichan) who was the member of Sree Moolam Popular Assembly during the 1920s. He pioneered the backwater paddy cultivation in Kuttanadu. In 1900 he reclaimed Cherukara Kayal and Pallithanam Kayal from the Vembanad Kayal for paddy cultivation. He is considered as the father of cooperative agricultural movement in Kuttanadu. He spearheaded the debt relief struggle and was instrumental in the enactment of Agricultural Debt Relief Act, that emancipated the illfated agriculture families from the debt trap. He was the founder of Kuttanadu Karshaka Sangham, which was considered as the voice of Kuttanad's farmers.
History
In 1921, under the influence of the then member of Sree Moolam Popular Assembly, Pallithanam Luca Matthai Kainady church obtained a permission from the Travencore King to start St. Mary's School which is the main educational institution in Kainady. In 1960, this school was renamed as A.J John Memorial School in honour of the eminent Catholic leader and Chief minister A. J. John, Anaparambil.
Renowned botanist Joseph Pallithanam and former member of Kerala legislative assembly Eapen Kandakudy also belonged to this place. Social activist Thomas Pallithanam is also from Kainady.
Nature
Kainady is a very scenic place of Kerala amidst the back water paddy fields but blessed in many ways with water and road transports. This village is very much at the brink of Kuttandan Kayals but is very close and connected to Kottyam and Changanacherry towns.
References
Villages in Alappuzha district
Tullio Pozzan is a professor at the University of Padua and head of the department of biomedical sciences of the Italian National Research Council.
Education
Pozzan studied Medicine at the University of Padua and from 1978 to 1981.
Career and research
Pozzan was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Cambridge. He became a full professor in 1986 and served as department chairman at the University of Padua for 12 years. His main scientific interest has been the study of Calcium in biology and its role in second messenger systems. His interests in calcium signaling (Ca2+) began with the characterization of Ca2+ uptake and release in mitochondria. In collaboration with Roger Y. Tsien, he participated to the development of the intracellular trappable fluorescent Ca2+ indicators. His research group developed the first genetically encoded probes with selective subcellular localization. This new approach lead to a series of discoveries on the mechanisms of calcium metabolism and in particular it revolutionized the understanding of mitochondrial role in cellular Ca2+ homeostasis. He is also interested in the signaling pathway controlled by cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). His group generated the first genetically encoded fluorescent cAMP probe, contributed to establishing the concept of cAMP microdomains and described the existence of an autonomous cAMP homeostatic mechanism within the matrix of mitochondria.
Awards and honours
Pozzan is member of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO), of the Accademia dei Lincei, the National Academy of Sciences of the United States and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada (FRSC). He was elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Society (ForMemRS) in 2018.
References
Living people
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mario's Green House was an 8-episode 2009 television series on TV One starring Mario Van Peebles. The series was an environmentally conscious reality television show, in which Van Peebles made his house "greener." The series also starred Melvin Van Peebles, who required his own room for entertaining female guests. Ed Begley, Jr. was involved in the production.
References
2009 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
Environmental television
TV One (American TV channel) original programming
2000s American reality television series
Solar power in South Africa includes photovoltaics (PV) as well as concentrated solar power (CSP).
In 2016, South Africa had 1,329 MW of installed solar power capacity.
Installed capacity is expected to reach 8,400 MW by 2030.
In 2014 several solar farms were commissioned, including the 96 MW Jasper Solar Energy Project, one of Africa's largest photovoltaic power stations providing enough solar power for 30,000 homes.
Solar resource
The total solar potential of South Africa by area exceeds the level of 1,600 kWh / m2.
Government programs
As of 1 January 2016 the South African government gave a tax incentive through the South African Revenue Service for the installation of photovoltaic solar energy generation systems. Depending on the size defined in MWp (Megawatt peak) of the photovoltaic solar system, the amended section 12 B of the Income Tax Act No. 58 of 1962 stipulates the size of the tax shield available through accelerated depreciation to the commercial tax paying entity.
Photovoltaic solar systems smaller or equal to 1 MWp can be depreciated in one year, granting the commercial tax paying entity a 28% discount on the system.
The tax shield applies even if the photovoltaic solar system is installed mid-year or if the system is not new. A repayment time of one year and ongoing electricity savings for the remainder of the system's lifetime can be achieved by financing a portion of the cost of the system.
Photovoltaic solar systems greater than 1 MWp are depreciated with the schedule 50%, 30%, and 20% in the first 3 years respectively.
Adoption and government conflict of interest
Despite this aggressive tax incentive, South African companies are slow to adopt grid-connected photovoltaic solar systems due to the lack of public dialogue from the government concerning photovoltaic solar energy.
The lack of public dialog is partially due to the conflict that arises between the government, its state-owned enterprise Eskom, the local renewable energy sector as well as international obligations such as the Kyoto Protocol and the Paris Agreement of which South Africa is a signatory. The state-owned electricity utility Eskom that provides 90% (85% from coal) of South Africa's electricity and depends on electricity sales to function. Due to alleged corruption and mismanagement of funds in the years leading up to 2017, Eskom has been forced to increase tariffs by 340% over 10 years. Despite this tariff increase Eskom is in poor financial health as of 2017. The utility has stated that the increase in renewable energy generation directly impacts its revenue stream, which makes it difficult for it to meet its debt obligations. A government bailout has not been ruled out. The utility, relying mainly on coal-fired power stations also fears that renewable energy generation will directly impact coal jobs.
Through its holding in Eskom, the South African government is dependent on Eskom's revenue stream to avoid a bailout with public funds.
Municipal programs
In addition to the government tax incentive for photovoltaic solar energy generation, certain municipalities have further incentives for residential and commercial customers, such as a feed-in tariff or net metering.
Operational and projected plants
The 50 MW Touwsrivier CPV Solar Project concentrated photovoltaics (CPV) power plant was constructed in Touwsrivier, in Western Cape, South Africa in December 2014. A 75 MW solar power plant started production on September 13, 2013 in Kalkbult, in the Northern Cape (implemented by Scatec).
Two other PV plants were completed by the same company in 2014. These are located at Linde in the Northern Cape and Dreunberg in the Eastern Cape, both sun drenched regions boasting some of the best conditions for solar power in the world. Altogether, these 3 plants provide power for around 90,000 South African households.
Sonnedix and Juwi have announced that they will construct an 86 MW solar photovoltaic (PV) plant in the Northern Cape province. The Mulilo Sonnedix plant in Prieska plant will be larger than any PV plant currently online in the African continent, and was awarded through the third round of the South Africa's Renewable Energy Independent Power Producer Programme (REIPPP). Financial close on the project is targeted for July 2014, with commissioning planned for the second half of 2016.
Iberdrola has completed the Jasper Solar Energy Project solar photovoltaic (PV) power plant, which at 96 MW is the largest in Africa, the company announced. It was carried out in a desert area with extreme temperatures and involved the installation of over 325,000 PV modules. This PV plant is located in Northern Cape province in a remote, semi-desert location. It covers a surface area equivalent to 205 football pitches.
Acciona has put the Sishen solar photovoltaic (PV) plant into service in December 2014. It has a peak capacity of 94.3 megawatts (MWp) – 74 nominal MW – and is located in Dibeng in the Northern Cape province. Its horizontal tracking structures allow the PV panels to capture more radiation by following the sun's trajectory across the sky. The plant will produce electricity equivalent to the consumption of around 100,000 South African households, or around 420,000 people (2011 South African household size = 3.6 persons).
As of January 2015 a total of 593 MW produced from PV plants were connected to the grid.
A consortium led by ACWA Power International (Saudi Arabia) has completed commissioning of a 50 MW concentrating solar power (CSP) project in South Africa's Northern Cape in Dec-2015.
The Bokpoort CSP project includes 9.3 hours of thermal energy storage, which will allow it to meet demand during peak hours between 5 and 9 PM. ACWA describes this system as the largest thermal storage system ever built for a CSP plant of its size and capacity. The South African solar power plant has set a new African record (26 April 2016) for the continuous, round the clock supply of electricity.
Two CSP plants are being built by Abengoa in the Northern Cape. Khi Solar One is a Solar Tower plant of 50 MW capacity near Upington and Kaxu Solar One is a Parabolic Trough plant of 100 MW capacity near Pofadder with storage capability for 3 hours. Xina Solar One has a total installed capacity of 100 MW, also near Pofadder.
Solar thermal energy
The South African government requires renewable energy to replace 10,000 GWh of electricity by 2013. The Department of Energy estimates that 23% of this target can be met through solar water heating and Eskom is therefore actively encouraging consumers to switch to solar water heating.
According to the International Energy Agency, at the end of 2016, the cumulative installed capacity of solar thermal collectors in South Africa reached 1,336 MWth, or 1.91 Mm2 (million m2) of sensors, very far behind the world leader: China (324,510 MWth) and the United States (17,686 MWth); South Africa ranked 19th in the world with 0.3% of the world total, but 1st in Africa. The South African market was 88.4 MWth of new installations in 2016, or only 0.2% of the global market. South African solar thermal saved 146.5 kTep of energy and 472 kT CO2eq in 2016.
Residential solar PV
South Africa has experienced an increase in the installation of solar PV since 1992. The low electricity tariffs offered by Eskom prior to 2010 has led to a recently rapid installation increase. The shift in installations can be seen across all segments of consumers including industrial, agricultural, commercial and residential. There are predictions that indicate that there would be a continuous decline in the cost of Solar PV well beyond 2020.
The steady decline in solar PV and battery storage costs creates for an increasingly attractive business case to support self ownership with backup intervention and storage in the absence of grid-based power. The statistics for the absorption of solar PV presently can barely be regarded as comprehensive or official considering the fact that they are based on industry estimates.
Installation numbers remain unclear because of the absence of an official or effective Small-Scale Embedded Generation (SSEG2) registration process for low-voltage connected customers. Although the National Energy Regulator of South Africa (NERSA) confirmed that they will be initiating a formal national registration process for SSEG, chances are they may only be fully operational in the next 2 to 3 years.
However, certain municipalities have initiated their own registration processes to allow connection to their distribution grid infrastructure. "The South African Department of Energy (DoE) has recently released Schedule 2 to the Electricity Act of 2006 which revised the licensing and registration requirements for categories of generators. In accordance with these new rules, generators smaller than 1MW are exempted from having to obtain a license but need to be registered with NERSA."
An approximately 285MWP5 (DC) of small scale solar PV (rooftop and ground-mounted) was installed in South Africa as at December 2017 according to the data received from different sources. The total number of installations equates up to 139,556 units. The installation of small to medium scale solar PV leads to a market share percentage of 0.65% of the total national generation capacity of 44.134GW6. "In addition to these grid-based installations, there are 87,150 off-grid systems with a total installed capacity of 14.35MWP."
Low and middle-income households have partially participated in the growing uptake of solar PV (SSEG) systems in South Africa for reasons pertaining to affordability and access to finance. Unlike most other countries where grid-connected solar PV technologies are released to low-income households mostly on full or partial subsidization, PV implementation initiatives of such kind in South Africa are targeted generally toward households lacking electricity.
Middle-income households with average earnings of $351.52 to $703.04 per month have better purchasing power. "They generally have improved security of tenure and greater access to electricity". Middle-income households consume twice as much electricity as low-income households. Although middle-income households earn more than twice the average monthly income of low-middle households, it would yet be difficult for the majority to qualify for the loan necessary to purchase a system.
Meanwhile, a South African residential solar PV company called WiSolar is said to be "providing solar financing to homeowners in South Africa in an effort to make rooftop Solar PV systems affordable for households across the country." The Wisolar "financing allows consumers to purchase their desired solar system through a six-year payment path to ownership." In June 2020, WiSolar had installed approximately 9MW of residential solar power in South Africa, providing enough clean power for 3000 homes.
In 2014, a multinational company by the name JA Solar Holdings which is headquartered in Beijing, China began working with local construction companies in South Africa to provide small-scale rooftop Solar PV systems to the suburbs of several South African cities. These systems were installed on the roof of low-income households. With these JA Solar systems, the house dwellers were able to have access to free electricity from their roofs.
Statistics
See also
Renewable energy in South Africa
Department of Energy (South Africa)
Renewable energy in Africa
List of countries by electricity production from renewable sources
List of power stations in South Africa
Energy in South Africa
Renewable energy by country
References
External links
Enipedia - South Africa/Powerplants
SESSA
Renewable Energy South Africa Solar Power Article
www.eskom.co.za — Eskom
http://www.energy.gov.za/ — Department of Energy (South Africa)
www.nersa.org.za/ — National Energy Regulator
Energy Blog - Renewable Energy Power Plants Database
Kapiri Mposhi District is a district of Zambia, located in Central Province. The capital lies at Kapiri Mposhi. As of the 2010 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 240,638 people.
Geography
The district borders with Copperbelt Province and with the districts of Chibombo, Chisamba, Kabwe, Luano, Masaiti, Mkushi, Mpongwe and Ngabwe.
Municipalities
It is composed by 14 municipalities:
See also
Kapiri Mposhi (Zambian National Assembly constituency)
References
Districts of Central Province, Zambia
William Cochran McCauslen (1796March 13, 1863) was an American lawyer and politician who served for one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1843 to 1845.
Early life and career
McCauslen was born near Steubenville in the Northwest Territory (in what is now Ohio), and attended the public schools. After he studied law, he was admitted to the bar and practiced in Steubenville. He was a law partner of Secretary of War Stanton. He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1829, 1830, 1832, and 1833. He owned and edited a Democratic newspaper in Steubenville.
Congress
McCauslen was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1843 – March 3, 1845).
Later career and death
McCauslen was commissioned on August 31, 1846, during the Mexican War as a captain and commissary of subsistence of the Third Regiment, Ohio Infantry. He was honorably discharged June 24, 1847. He died in Steubenville, Ohio, March 13, 1863 and was interred in Union Cemetery.
Sources
1796 births
1863 deaths
Politicians from Steubenville, Ohio
United States Army officers
Burials at Union Cemetery-Beatty Park
Ohio lawyers
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Zatrephes dithyris is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1905. It is found in French Guiana and Ecuador.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1905
Samuel Ferguson was an artist and antiquary.
Samuel Ferguson may also refer to:
Samuel David Ferguson (1842–1916), Episcopal bishop in America
Samuel Lewis Ferguson (1869–1934), American lawyer, newspaper publisher and politician
Samuel W. Ferguson (1834–1917), Confederate States Army general
Champ Ferguson (1821–1865), Confederate guerrilla during the American Civil War
Dr. Samuel Fergusson, main character in the novel Five Weeks in a Balloon by Jules Verne
Samuel Thomas Ferguson (1871–1948), the eponymous owner of Samuel Ferguson's cottage in West Toodyay, Western Australia
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Junta Shima. It was serialized in Line Corporation's Line Manga website from June 2018 to June 2022, with its chapters collected into seven tankōbon volumes. A television drama adaptation aired from April to May 2022. An anime adaptation has been announced.
Media
Manga
Written and illustrated by Junta Shima, Murai no Koi was serialized under the Gene Line label of Line Corporation's Line Manga website from June 18, 2018, to June 13, 2022. Media Factory has compiled the chapters into individual tankōbon volumes. Seven volumes were published from December 2018 to June 2022.
Volume list
Drama
A television drama adaptation was announced in March 2022, starring Hikaru Takahashi. It was directed by Taichi Imura, Aya Matsuki, and Daisuke Yamamoto, based on a screenplay by Kōhei Kiyasu. Keiko Matsumoto and Hiromi Matsushita served as the producers. The eight-episode series aired on TBS from April 6 to May 25, 2022. The opening theme is by Finlands, while the ending theme is by Reaction the Buttha.
Anime
An anime adaptation was announced in June 2022.
Reception
In 2019, the series ranked second in the Next Manga Awards in the web manga category.
References
External links
2022 Japanese television series debuts
2022 Japanese television series endings
Anime series based on manga
Japanese comedy webcomics
Manga adapted into television series
Media Factory manga
Romance webcomics
Romantic comedy anime and manga
Shōjo manga
TBS Television (Japan) dramas
Webcomics in print
Francesco I Gattilusio (died 6 August 1384) was the first member of the Gattilusio family to rule the Aegean island of Lesbos as vassal of the Byzantine emperor.
Freebooter
The Gattilusio family came from the Republic of Genoa. The parents of Francesco and his brother Niccolò are not known, although based on the heraldic evidence of their inscriptions, Anthony Luttrell argues that their mother was a member of the Doria family.
Francesco enters historical record as a freebooter or pirate. In 1354, Francesco and his crew landed on Tenedos. The island served at the time as residence to John V Palaiologos, one of three co-emperors to the throne of the Byzantine Empire, the others being his father-in-law John VI Kantakouzenos and brother-in-law Matthew Kantakouzenos. John V and his in-laws were in conflict at the time.
John V and Francesco entered an alliance to enable John to regain control of Constantinople. In return he would be given the hand of Maria Palaiologina, a sister of John V, in marriage.
In early December 1354, Francesco led a fleet to Constantinople. They approached the city late at night and pretended that they were in need of assistance. They claimed that one of their ships was sinking and requested help in salvaging the cargo from shipwreck, and promised a share of it to the sentries of the city for their help. Seeing a chance to profit, the sentries opened a gate. Francesco then led about five hundred armed men through the gate, took command of the Walls of Constantinople and roused the citizens from their sleep with shouts in favor of John V. Riots in favor of John V soon started. By 4 December 1354, John VI resigned his title and retired to a monastery.
Lord
Francesco had managed to regain control of the capital for John V and removed his main rival from the political field. John V completed their agreement by making Francesco his brother-in-law.
On 17 July 1355, Francesco was further rewarded by the title of Archon (Lord) of Lesbos. John V had offered him the island as dowry for his sister.
In 1366, Francesco joined with Amadeus VI, Count of Savoy and Louis I of Hungary in a campaign to restore the stability of the Byzantine Empire. Together they captured Gallipoli from Murad I of the Ottoman Empire after two days of fighting. In october Amadeus and Gattilusio fleet going to the Black Sea coast of Bulgaria and captured several castles and coastal towns like Skafida, Sozopol, Mesembria, Emona and Anchialo.
In 1369, Francesco accompanied John V on his trip to Rome, along with Demetrios Kydones, which concluded with John V personally accepting the Catholic faith on Thursday 18 October, in an unsuccessful effort to attract Western support for the greatly weakened Empire.
On 6 August 1384, an earthquake affected Lesbos. Francesco I, Maria and their two eldest sons, Andronico and Domenico, were all killed. In a letter he wrote from Constantinople soon after the event, Kydones describes how the two dead sons' prospective brides arrived from afar and searched among the ruins for the bodies of the intended husbands they had never seen. However the third son Jacopo survived and succeeded in the rule of Lesbos under the name Francesco II.
Children
Francesco and Maria Palaiologina had three known children:
Andronico Gattilusio (c. 1356 – 6 August 1384).
Domenico Gattilusio (c. 1358 – 6 August 1384).
Francesco II Gattilusio (c. 1365 – 26 October 1404).
References
External links
"The Lesbian ancestors of Prince Rainier of Monaco, Dr. Otto von Habsburg, Brooke Shields and the Marquis de Sade" by William Addams Reitwiesner, an extensive article on the Gattilusio and their descendants
14th-century births
1384 deaths
Medieval pirates
Francesco 01
Deaths in earthquakes
Francesco 01
14th-century rulers in Europe
14th-century Genoese people
Maurizio Lazzaro de Castiglioni (Milan, 23 March 1888 – Rome, 1962) was an Italian general during World War II. From 1940 to 1942 he was head of the Operations Office of the General Staff of the Royal Italian Army. After the war he became commander of the Allied Land Forces Southern Europe in 1951-1952.
Biography
He was born in Milan on March 23, 1888, and after attending the Military Academy of Modena he graduated with the rank of second lieutenant in 1910. In 1911-1912 he fought in Libya during the Italo-Turkish War, serving with the "Edolo" Alpini Battalion and being awarded a Silver Medal of Military Valor (for his behavior during an action in Bu Mofer on 10 October 1912) and two bronze medals as well as promotion to lieutenant for merit of war on December 19, 1912.
During the Great War he fought on the Tonale and the Dolomites with the 5th Alpini Regiment; on 25 August 1915 he led the capture of Cima Payer, in the Adamello mountains, and on 14 September he led a bayonet charge which resulted in the capture of Point 2,902, for which he was awarded another Silver Medal for Military Valor. His unit, known as "Centuria Valcamonica", was the protagonist of daring enterprises during the White War until De Castiglioni was seriously wounded by an artillery shell, which resulted in the loss of his right hand. He also suffered toe amputation of several toes due to frostbite. In 1917, after recovering from his wounds, he was assigned to the Supreme Command as a staff officer, with the rank of major; in the final year of the war he served as liaison officer between the Supreme Command and Lord Cavan, commander of the Tenth Army.
After the end of the war, between 1921 and 1922 he attended the Army School of War, and in 1926 he assumed command of the "Edolo" Alpini Battalion. After promotion to colonel in 1934, he held various offices within the War School and the General Staff of the Royal Italian Army, after which he assumed command of the 2nd Alpini Regiment. From 1937 he was assigned to the Ministry of War, and in January 1940 he was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General.
With Italy's entry into the Second World War on 10 June 1940, he assumed the position of Chief of Operations of the General Staff, a post he held for over two years. On 1 October 1942, after promotion to Major General, he assumed command of the 5th Alpine Division "Pusteria", which had recently returned from Yugoslavia and was being reorganized in Liguria, in the La Spezia area. After Operation Anton, the Division was transferred to southern France for occupation duties; during this period, De Castiglioni resisted German demands to hand over Jewish refugees who had fled to his region from German-occupied France, and ordered the head of the French police in the region to release Jews who had been arrested under the Vichy regime. After the Armistice of Cassibile he managed to escape capture by German troops and reached southern Italy, where he resumed service with the Ministry of War, participating in the reconstruction of the Italian Co-belligerent Army.
After the end of the war he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general and held the posts of territorial military commander of Palermo, commander of the "Aosta" Internal Security Division in Messina, territorial military commander of Padua and then of Verona. In 1951 he became Commander of Allied Land Forces Southern Europe, but retired due reaching age limit on 30 August 1952.
He died in Rome in 1962.
References
1888 births
1962 deaths
Italian military personnel of World War II
Italian military personnel of World War I
Italian military personnel of the Italo-Turkish War
Italian generals
Recipients of the Silver Medal of Military Valor
Recipients of the Bronze Medal of Military Valor
Recipients of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Margaret Helfand (June 26, 1947 – June 20, 2007) was a Manhattan-based New York architect and urban planner who served as president of the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
Early life and education
Helfand was born in Pasadena, California on June 26, 1947. She studied at Swarthmore College (1965-1968) and completed her B.A. at the University of California - Berkeley. After graduating with her B.A. from Berkeley, she attended the Architectural Association School in London in 1970, where she also studied at the International Institute of Design. She received her M.Arch from University of California - Berkeley.
Career
Helfand was a Manhattan architect and urban planner who has been recognized worldwide for her innovative approach to design of institutional buildings, interiors, and college campuses. Her designs emphasize clean elemental forms, the use of natural materials and the integration of her buildings with the surrounding landscape.
After working in the 1970s for Skidmore, Owings & Merrill and Marcel Breuer Associates, she opened her own firm, Helfand Architecture, in 1981.
Breaking through gender typecasting which often relegates female architects to designing houses and interiors, she executed many large-scale institutional and commercial works. Her firm's designs won many awards and her work is honored in a monograph published in 1999 by Monacelli Press. Some of her work included Kohlberg Hall and the Unified Science Center at Swarthmore College and the Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, headquarters for Automated Trading Desk.
Ms. Helfand was elected to the College of Fellows by the American Institute of Architects in 1998. She was recipient of the 2002 Rome Prize in Architecture.
She helped create the Center for Architecture, a hub for exhibitions in the field and the home of the New York chapter of the institute. She was a co-chairman of New York New Visions, a civic group that advised government agencies on urban design and planning guidelines for the redevelopment of Lower Manhattan after the destruction of the World Trade Center.
Personal life
When she was studying in London, she sailed a 90' schooner with friends to Spain and the Caribbean. After she completed her master's degree, she sailed from Costa Rica across the South Pacific. She was also interested in modern dance.
Helfand was married to Jon A. Turner, who is an emeritus professor of Information Systems at New York University. She died in New York City, New York, six days before her 60th birthday, in 2007 from complications of colon cancer.
Bibliography
Margaret Helfand Architects: Essential Architecture (1999), Monacelli Press,
References
1947 births
2007 deaths
American urban planners
Women urban planners
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
Deaths from colorectal cancer
Architects from Pasadena, California
People from Manhattan
20th-century American architects
American women architects
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
WBLS (107.5 MHz) is an urban adult contemporary formatted FM radio station, licensed to New York City. It is currently owned by Mediaco Holding and operated by Emmis Communications under a shared services agreement, along with sister stations WLIB (1190 AM) and WQHT (97.1 FM). The three stations share studios in the Hudson Square neighborhood of Lower Manhattan, and WBLS' transmitter is located at the Empire State Building. It was previously owned by YMF Media LLC, owned jointly by investor Ronald Burkle and Magic Johnson, which had assumed control of WBLS and WLIB's former parent company, Inner City Broadcasting Corporation, on October 19, 2012 at a purchase price of $180 million.
History
The 107.5 frequency in New York City signed on in July 1951 as WEVD-FM, simulcasting its sister station at 1330 AM. Within a few years, WEVD-FM moved to 97.9, and 107.5 went off the air.
Several years later the New Broadcasting Company, then-owners of WLIB, was awarded a construction permit for the dormant frequency and on September 15, 1965 WLIB-FM signed on. As the Federal Communications Commission had recently instituted a rule prohibiting full-time AM/FM simulcasting in large markets, WLIB-FM was programmed with a Jazz format. The stations were split up in 1972, when Inner City Broadcasting purchased WLIB (AM); WLIB-FM was then renamed WBLS. Inner City reunited the pair with its purchase of WBLS in 1974.
From 1972 to 1978, WBLS was the flagship station of the Mutual Black Network (now the American Urban Radio Networks).
As part of the Inner City Broadcasting Corporation stations, program director Frankie Crocker held 5% of the radio market in the northeast from 1975 to 1978, only ceding the title of top R&B station to upstart WKTU when that station broke out playing disco and club music in 1979. By 1982 it had fallen to number 3 in the market.
In 1993, Calvin O. Butts, pastor of Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem, led a threat to boycott the station if they played any form of gangsta rap. Butts' protests culminated in his bulldozing a pile of hip-hop recordings during a rally. In response to the protests, WBLS excised most hip hop music from its air and carefully screened what it did play for content and language.
In 1995, after WRKS was purchased by Emmis Communications and dropped all hip-hop music in favor of a similar adult R&B format, WBLS countered with a controversial advertising campaign labeling WRKS as a "plantation station." WBLS shortly reverted to urban contemporary, only to exit again in 2004 when WBLS switched to urban adult contemporary.
WBLS acquired WRKS's intellectual property in a merger of the two outlets announced on April 26, with a joint statement on both stations' respective websites. In addition to acquiring WRKS's intellectual property, WBLS and WLIB also moved into Emmis's New York production facility in the West Village section of Manhattan, into studio space vacated by WRKS during the week of May 21, 2012.
During the 2012-13 NBA season, WBLS broadcast selected New York Knicks games in an agreement with WEPN-FM. These games conflicted with WEPN-FM's coverage of the NFL's New York Jets when both teams were scheduled to play on Sunday afternoons.
On February 11, 2014, Emmis Communications announced it would purchase WBLS and WLIB from YMF Media LLC for $131 million, pending FCC approval. The purchase was consummated on June 10, 2014. On July 1, 2019, Emmis announced that it would sell WBLS and WQHT to the public company Mediaco Holding—an affiliate of Standard General—for $91.5 million and a $5 million promissory note. Emmis will be a shareholder in Mediaco Holding and continue to operate the stations. The sale was consummated on November 25, 2019.
Online
In 2000 WBLS launched its interactive sister site WBLSi with radio internet convergence company FMITV in Burbank, California, WBLSi.com featured live original music streams to cater to a variety of tastes – The Jamz, Slow Jamz, Hip-Hop and WBLS Classics with on-demand access to concerts and music videos. Wendy Williams, Egypt Sherrod, and Rap City's Big Lez doubled on the online platform as IJ's or WBLS' the first internet jockeys. The first internet program director of WBLSi was Hakeem Khaaliq.
References
External links
Urban adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
BLS
Radio stations established in 1965
Emmis Communications radio stations
Hudson Square
Eva Therese Margaretha Merkel also known as "Tess Merkel" (born 18 April 1970) is a Swedish singer and songwriter who is one of the original members of the pop group Alcazar.
Career
Merkel was born in Nyköping, Sweden. She started her career in a number of musicals and soon landed the job as a showgirl at Wallmans salonger in 1991. She also did some choirgirl jobs for Melodifestivalen, in Melodifestivalen 1993 she did the choir behind Lena Pålsson, in Melodifestivalen 1997 she choired behind her later bandmate Andreas Lundstedt and in Melodifestivalen 2000 she choired behind Avengers during their performance. Merkel herself has participated in Melodifestivalen three times as of 2010: in Melodifestivalen 2003, Melodifestivalen 2005, Melodifestivalen 2009 and in Melodifestivalen 2010, all four times as a member of the popular pop group Alcazar. Merkel has also in 2006 hosted the final of MGP Nordic 2006 a Nordic music competition for kids. She also has an interest for Poker and has been a contestant at the European Poker Tour in Barcelona in 2006. Merkel has won 500.000 (SEK) at the Pokermiljonen in online Poker game. She participated in Melodifestivalen 2021 solo with the song "Good Life", but failed to qualify from the heats.
Personal life
Merkel lives in Stockholm with her two children from her ex-boyfriend Greger Andersson: son Neo (born 2003) and daughter Minya (born 2007). Since 2013 Merkel has been dating British actor, model and businessman Kenny Solomons who is known from Bredbandsbolagets commercials. They married in 2017.
Discography
Singles
References
Swedish women singers
People from Nyköping Municipality
Alcazar (band) members
1970 births
Living people
English-language singers from Sweden
Melodifestivalen contestants
Swedish people of German descent
The Premio Parioli is a Group 3 flat horse race in Italy open to three-year-old thoroughbred colts. It is run over a distance of 1,600 metres (about 1 mile) at Capannelle in April.
It is Italy's equivalent of the 2000 Guineas, a famous race in England.
History
The event is named after Parioli, an area of Rome to the north of the racecourse. It was established in 1907, and the inaugural running was won by Gostaco.
The race was originally open to both colts and fillies. The first filly to win was Wistaria in 1910, and the last was Saccaroa in 1950.
For a period the Premio Parioli held Group 1 status. It was downgraded to Group 2 level in 1996, and to Group 3 in 2007.
The Premio Parioli is currently run on the same day as its fillies' counterpart, the Premio Regina Elena.
Records
Leading jockey (5 wins):
Paolo Caprioli – Lauco (1924), Varedo (1927), Nogara (1931), Crapom (1933), Archidamia (1936)
Leading trainer (13 wins):
Federico Tesio – Guido Reni (1911), Burne Jones (1918), Canova (1919), Delleana (1928), Nogara (1931), Jacopa del Sellaio (1932), Bernina (1934), Niccolo da Foligno (1935), Nearco (1938), Niccolo dell'Arca (1941), Simone da Bologna (1943), Astolfina (1948), Botticelli (1954)
Leading owner (12 wins): (includes part ownership)
Federico Tesio – Guido Reni (1911), Burne Jones (1918), Canova (1919), Delleana (1928), Nogara (1931), Jacopa del Sellaio (1932), Bernina (1934), Niccolo da Foligno (1935), Nearco (1938), Niccolo dell'Arca (1941), Astolfina (1948), Botticelli (1954)
Winners since 1985
Earlier winners
1907: Gostaco
1908: Demetrio
1909: Frack
1910: Wistaria
1911: Guido Reni
1912: Makufa
1913: Nettuno
1914: Chumvi
1915: Aquilone
1916: Idolo
1917: Alcione
1918: Burne Jones *
1919: Canova
1920: Vespisedda
1921: Torcicollo
1922: Fiorello
1923: Rapido
1924: Lauco
1925: Ansac
1926: Toce
1927: Varedo
1928: Delleana
1929: Zuho
1930: Manganello
1931: Nogara
1932: Jacopa del Sellaio
1933: Crapom
1934: Bernina
1935: Niccolo da Foligno
1936: Archidamia
1937: Sinni
1938: Nearco
1939: Vello
1940: Jesolo
1941: Niccolo dell'Arca
1942: Brignano
1943: Simone da Bologna
1944: Macherio
1945: no race
1946: Gladiolo
1947: Zaratustra
1948: Astolfina
1949: Zagarolo
1950: Saccaroa
1951: Morengo
1952: Marcantonio
1953: Alberigo
1954: Botticelli
1955: Vasco de Gama
1956: Magabit
1957: Gioviano
1958: Peveron
1959: Vestro
1960: Asopo
1961: Adrasto
1962: Aernen
1963: Haseltine
1964: Crivelli
1965: Bauto
1966: Ciacolesso
1967: Raeburn
1968: Over
1969: Bonconte di Montefeltro
1970: Antelio
1971: Arnaldo da Brescia
1972: Fernet
1973: Bahadir
1974: Mannsfeld
1975: Start
1976: Ovac
1977: Capo Bon
1978: Fatusael
1979: Good Times
1980: Red Rocket
1981: Timur Lang
1982: Sorabancies
1983: Drumalis
1984: Southern Arrow
* The 1918 running took place at Milan.
See also
List of Italian flat horse races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , ,
capannelleippodromo.it – Albo d'Oro – Premio Parioli.
galopp-sieger.de – Premio Parioli.
ifhaonline.org – International Federation of Horseracing Authorities – Premio Parioli (2019).
pedigreequery.com – Premio Parioli – Roma Capannelle.
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Sports competitions in Rome
Horse races in Italy
1907 establishments in Italy
Recurring sporting events established in 1907
Jo Daviess County () is the northernmost and northwesternmost county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 22,678. Its county seat is Galena.
Jo Daviess County is part of the Tri-State Area and is located near Dubuque, Iowa and Platteville, Wisconsin. As part of the Driftless Area, Jo Daviess County is known for its scenic stretches of road, high hills and valley views. Within Jo Daviess County lies Charles Mound, the highest natural point in Illinois, as well as eight of the ten highest points in Illinois.
History
Jo Daviess County was formed in 1827 out of Henry and Putnam Counties. It is named for Maj. Joseph Hamilton Daveiss, United States District Attorney for Kentucky, who was killed in 1811 at the Battle of Tippecanoe. The local pronunciation is "Davis". Jo Daviess County was founded exclusively by immigrants from New England. These were old stock "Yankee" immigrants, meaning they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England in the 1600s. The completion of the Erie Canal caused a surge in New England immigration to what was then the Northwest Territory.
The end of the Black Hawk War led to an additional surge of immigration, once again coming almost exclusively from the six New England states as a result of overpopulation combined with land shortages in that region. Some of these later settlers were from upstate New York and had parents who had moved to that region from New England shortly after the Revolutionary War. New Englanders and New England transplants from upstate New York were the vast majority of Jo Daviess County's inhabitants during the first several decades of its history. These settlers were primarily members of the Congregational Church though due to the Second Great Awakening many of them had converted to Methodism and some had become Baptists before coming to what is now Jo Daviess County. The Congregational Church subsequently has gone through many divisions and some factions, including those in Jo Daviess County are now known as the Church of Christ and the United Church of Christ.
As a result of this heritage the vast majority of inhabitants in Jo Daviess County, much like antebellum New England were overwhelmingly in favor of the abolitionist movement during the decades leading up to the Civil War.
In the late 1880s and early 1890s Irish and German migrants began moving into Jo Daviess County, most of these later immigrants did not move directly from Ireland and Germany, but rather from other areas in the Midwest where they had been living, particularly the state of Ohio.
County border changes
1830- The northern border of Illinois and Wisconsin was formally established. Until that time, several Wisconsin towns actually were under the jurisdiction of Jo Daviess County.
1831- Rock Island County was formed from a part of the county, along with a new northern extension of Henry County and Putnam County.
1836- Whiteside, Ogle, and Winnebago counties were formed from the southern and eastern sections of the county.
1837- Stephenson County was formed from the eastern section of the county.
1839- Carroll County was formed from the southern section of the county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.9%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Galena have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1996 and a record high of was recorded in August 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in June.
Major highways
In Illinois, US 20 is designated the General Ulysses S. Grant Highway (often abbreviated the U.S. Grant Memorial Highway) and is the longest route in the United States.
In eastern Jo Daviess County US 20 is one of the few areas that remain two-lane across the entire stretch of US 20.
The road between Dubuque and Stockton was once known as the most dangerous stretch of road because of the hills and curves flanked by cliffs and valleys. Travelers were greeted with signs reminding them to drive carefully as they entered this stretch of road.
U.S. Route 20
Illinois Route 35
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 84
Adjacent counties
Lafayette County, Wisconsin - north
Stephenson County - east
Carroll County - south
Jackson County, Iowa - southwest
Dubuque County, Iowa - west
Grant County, Wisconsin - northwest
National protected area
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge (part)
State protected area
Apple River Canyon State Park
Locally protected area
Several areas are protected by the charitable organization Jo Daviess Conservation Foundation:
Buehler Preserve
Casper Bluff Land & Water Reserve
Horseshoe Mound
Schurmeier Teaching Forest
Valley of Eden Bird Sanctuary
Wapello Land & Water Reserve
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,678 people, 9,753 households, and 6,514 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 13,574 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.2% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.9% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 49.4% were German, 19.7% were Irish, 11.1% were English, and 8.5% were American.
Of the 9,753 households, 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were married couples living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.2% were non-families, and 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.81. The median age was 47.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,279 and the median income for a family was $60,381. Males had a median income of $38,372 versus $29,412 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,819. About 5.6% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.5% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
East Dubuque
Galena
Villages
Apple River
Elizabeth
Hanover
Menominee
Nora
Scales Mound
Stockton
Warren
Census-designated places
Apple Canyon Lake
The Galena Territory
Townships
Jo Daviess County is divided into twenty-three townships:
Apple River
Berreman
Council Hill
Derinda
Dunleith
East Galena
Elizabeth
Guilford
Hanover
Menominee
Nora
Pleasant Valley
Rawlins
Rice
Rush
Scales Mound
Stockton
Thompson
Vinegar Hill
Wards Grove
Warren
West Galena
Woodbine
Unincorporated communities
Aiken
Blanding
Bremen
Council Hill
Elmoville
Guilford
Massbach
Morseville
Pleasant Valley
Rice
Rodden
Schapville
Whitton
Willow
Woodbine
Historic site
Apple River Fort
Government and politics
Jo Daviess County has a fairly typical Yankee Northern Illinois political history, although it has generally voted more Democratic than nearby rural counties. It voted Democratic only four times between 1856 and 1992: for Grover Cleveland in 1892, Woodrow Wilson in 1912, Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932, and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964. Between 1996 and 2016 Jo Daviess was a swing county, voting for the national winner each time. The 2020 results were: Donald Trump, 7,166 (57.3%), Joe Biden 5,109 (40.9%); Jo Jorgensen, 125 (1%), others 96 (0.8%).
Political culture
Councillors
Ron Smith (R), District 9 (Council Hill & East Galena), Chairman
Brandon Behlke (R), District 11 (West Galena II & Rawlins)
Gerald Bennett (D), District 6 (Apple River & Warren I)
Merri Belage (R), District 13 (Elizabeth & Rice), Vice-Chair
Bill Bingham (R), District 4 (Vinegar Hill & Menominee)
Jody Covert (R), District 14 (Hanover & Rice)
Rick Dittmar (R), District 15 (Berreman, Derinda, Pleasant Valley, & Woodbine)
Robert Heuerman (R), District 16 (Stockton I & Wards Grove)
Dan Hughes (R), District 7 (Nora, Warren II, & Rush)
Randy Jobgen (D), District 10 (West Galena I)
Steve McIntyre (R), District 8 (Thompson & Guilford)
Margie Montelius (D), District 1 (Dunlieth I)
John O'Boyle (R), District 17 (Stockton II & Rush)
Steve Rutz (R), District 3 (Dunlieth III)
Terry Stoffregen (R), District 12 (West Galena III & Rawlins)
R.J. Winkelhake (R), District 5 (Scales Mound & Guilford)
Don Zillig (D), District 2 (Dunlieth II)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jo Daviess County, Illinois
Stagecoach Trail
References
External links
Jo Daviess County, IL official website
Galena/Jo Daviess County Convention & Visitors Bureau
Who was Jo Daviess?
1827 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1827
Driftless Area
Illinois counties
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
In Fijian mythology, Dakuwaqa (Dakuwanga) is a shark-god. He was greatly respected by fishermen because he protected them from any danger at sea and sometimes protected them from evil denizens of the sea.
He was once going inland to conquer Kadavu Island through the river when another goddess challenged him in the form of an octopus. After a great battle, the octopus won by pulling out his teeth with her 8 arms which enabled her to hold off the massive attack of Dakuwaqa, forcing Dakuwaqa to promise to never attack Kadavu again. That is how Dakuwaqa became the god and protector of Kadavu. Dakuwaqa can also change shape into anything, but his real form is that of a muscular Fijian man with the upper torso of a shark.
In the book Pacific Irishman, the Anglican priest Charles William Whonsbon-Aston records in Chapter 1, Creation:
In popular culture
American writer Jeff VanderMeer wrote a story about Dakuwaqa that can be found in his book, The Third Bear.
Dakuwaqa is featured and recreated in the third episode of the TV miniseries Beast Legends.
Dakuwaqa is the father of the supervillain King Shark in the DC Universe.
Dakuwanga is an Atlantean Bio-weapon in the Earth Prime setting of the Mutants & Masterminds roleplaying game.
Dakuwanga is the official pet in the "Quidditch World Cup Argentina 2014" in the Harry Potter universe.
See also
Avatea
Kamohoalii
Ukupanipo
References
External links
Fijian deities
Fish gods
Sea and river gods
Shapeshifting
Animal gods
John Wesley Asselstine (June 2, 1895 – November 2, 1966) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Saskatoon Sheiks and the Regina Capitals of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association and the Vancouver Maroons of the Western Canada Hockey League.
References
1895 births
1966 deaths
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from Ontario
People from Perth, Ontario
Regina Capitals players
Saskatoon Sheiks players
Vancouver Maroons players
Azteca brevicornis is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Mayr in 1878, the species is endemic to Brazil.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of South America
Insects described in 1878
Burnhope Burn is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Wear Valley district of north County Durham, England. It consists of a area of woodland, carr, fen and mire in the valley of Burnhope Burn, just below the dam of the Derwent Reservoir, a mile (1.6 km) north-east of the village of Edmundbyers.
It contains a range of habitats that are characteristic of poorly drained soils and that are rare or local in County Durham; such as smooth-stalked sedge (Carex levigata), bogbean (Menyanthes) and globeflower (Trollius). In a small basin-mire in the northern part of the site, there are abundant communities of a number of species that have a localised distribution elsewhere in the county.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
The 2001–02 LEN Champions League was the 39th edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs. It ran from 24 October 2001 to 25 May 2002, and it was contested by 28 teams. The Final Four (semifinals, final, and third place game) took place on May 24 and May 25 in Budapest.
Preliminary round
Blue Group
Red Group
Final Four (Budapest)
Hajós Alfréd Nemzeti Sportuszoda, Budapest, Hungary
Final standings
See also
2001–02 LEN Cup Winners' Cup
2001–02 LEN Cup
References
External links
2002 LEN Champions League - Results
LEN Champions League seasons
Champions League
2001 in water polo
2002 in water polo
Zachary Cradock (1633–1695) was a provost of Eton, and brother of Samuel Cradock.
Early life
His father was settled in Rutland. He was educated in Cambridge at Emmanuel College, and Queens' College, and elected fellow of the latter on 2 August 1654.
Career
In 1656 Ralph Cudworth recommended him to secretary John Thurloe as resident chaplain at Lisbon, and he held the post for several years. He became canon of Chichester at between 1669 and 1670, and fellow of Eton College in December 1671. He was also chaplain in ordinary to Charles II. On 24 February 1680 he was elected provost of Eton, in succession to Richard Allestree and in opposition to Edmund Waller the poet, who, according to Wood, ‘had tugged hard for it.' In June 1695 it was reported that the deanery of Lincoln was offered him. He died in September 1695, and was buried in Eton College Chapel.
He was very celebrated as a preacher. His eloquence gained him fame even in that renowned age of pulpit eloquence. It is recorded that though he always spoke ex tempore, he was so far from being vain of the accomplishment as occasionally to put on his spectacles, and spread out on the cushion before him a notebook really containing nothing but blank leaves. Diarist John Evelyn was acquainted with him and frequently visited him at Eton. A sermon by him was preached before the king was published in 1678, and went through five editions before 1695. It was reissued in 1740 and in 1742. Another sermon was issued posthumously in 1706.
References
Attribution
1633 births
1695 deaths
Fellows of Eton College
People from Rutland
Provosts of Eton College
The Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries (, TBL) was an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. On 1 January 2006 it was merged with the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries to form the Federation of Norwegian Industries.
It was founded in 1889. The name at that time was De Mekaniske Værksteders Forening. With the Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers, a trade union which is now a part of the United Federation of Trade Unions, MVF negotiated Norway's first collective bargaining agreement in 1907. The name was changed to Mekaniske Værksteders Landsforening in 1908, and to Teknologibedriftenes Landsforening on its centennial anniversary in 1989. From the same year it joined the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The idea to merge with the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries came into existence in 2003, and following negotiations the first general assembly of the new organization was held in November 2005. The merger was formally carried through on 1 January 2006.
References
Defunct employers' organisations in Norway
Organisations based in Oslo
Industry in Norway
2006 disestablishments in Norway
1889 establishments in Norway
Simingi was a Roman era civitas (town) of the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis.
The town was the seat of an ancient bishopric, suffragan of the Archdiocese of Carthage. Only two bishops of this diocese are documented.
Catholic bishop Restitutus, who attended the Council of Carthage (411) at that time the seat had no Donatist bishops.
Cresconio witnessed the Council of Carthage (525).
In modern times Simingi became a titular bishopric. Simingi's bishop is Josef Holtkotte of Paderborn, Germany.
References
Roman towns and cities in Africa (Roman province)
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Aseko is a town in central Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of . It is the administrative center of Aseko woreda.
According to the Oromia Regional government, this town currently has no telephone service, as well as no electricity.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Aseko has an estimated total population of 1,961 of whom 968 were males and 993 were females. The 1994 national census reported this town had a total population of 1,097 of whom 525 were males and 572 were females.
Notes
Populated places in the Oromia Region
Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School may refer to:
Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School (novel), a 1947 novel by author Charles Hamilton, writing as Frank Richards
Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School (TV series), a BBC Television show broadcast from 1952 to 1961
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Rixensart. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Rixensart
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Rixensart
Rixensart
Electoral reform in New Mexico refers to efforts to change election and voting laws in this arid U.S. state.
Alternate voting systems
The Constitution of New Mexico specifies that the plurality candidate must be declared elected. There have been proposals in New Mexico to use instant runoff voting as a result of Green Party candidates contributing to Republican victories by acting as spoilers in House races. Specifically, the New Mexico State Senate came close to approving a constitutional amendment in 1998 to allow IRV with a favorable vote in the Rules Committee and a tie vote in the subsequent committee.
Allocation of electoral votes
In 2007, SB 666 was introduced to allocate New Mexico's 5 electoral votes to the winner of the nationwide popular vote, but it failed.
References
New Mexico
Politics of New Mexico
The Representative Honor Guard Regiment of the Polish Armed Forces () is an Honor Guard unit of the Polish Armed Forces, of regimental size. It performs public duties for the armed forces and the President of Poland throughout the Warsaw Capital Garrison region and acts as the main drill and ceremony unit for the military. It performs during the annual Armed Forces Day parades on Ujazdów Avenue, during state arrival ceremonies at the Presidential Palace and alongside other honor units at the National Independence Day ceremony. The regiment has been described by President Andrzej Duda as one of "the best-drilled and organised formations in the world".
History
The first honor guard unit of independent Poland was formed in 1954. In 1969, it was divided into the Representative Honor Guard Company of the Polish People's Army and the newly created State Honors Company. The first company represented the armed forces during state ceremonies while the second company was supposed to guard the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, and other memorial sites in Poland. In 1982 the use of the Polish Rogatywka was restored to the soldiers of the guard of honor. The company was dissolved in 1990 following the fall of communism in the Polish People's Republic. The company was restored on January 1, 1993 with direct subordination to the Commander of the Warsaw Garrison. It eventually became the 1st Honor Guard Company of the Representative Honor Guard Battalion of the Armed Forces in 2001, acting as an independent joint-service formation with personnel from service branches of the armed forces. On 31 March 2018, the battalion became the 1st Guards Battalion, Representative Honor Guard Regiment of the Armed Forces, following yet another Armed Forces-wide reorganization of its ceremonial units. The regiment received its colors a year later at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Warsaw by President Andrzej Duda.
Composition
Regimental HQ
HQ Services Company
1st Guards Battalion
Battalion HQ Company
3 Honor Guard Companies of the Polish Armed Forces
1 Honor Guard Company (Presidential Joint Service)
2 Honor Guard Company
3 Honor Guard Company
2nd Battalion (under formation)
Support Unit
Representative Central Band of the Polish Armed Forces
State Honors Artillery Platoon
Security Staff
Presidential Horse Guard Mounted Ceremonial Squadron
The personnel that make up this battalion come from the represents the three main service branches of the Armed Forces (Polish Army, Navy and Air Force). Until recently, the Polish Special Forces were also represented in the regiment at all state functions and were even present with the entire battalion on Red Square during the 2010 Moscow Victory Day Parade.
List of commanders
Lt. Col. Adam Wronecki (January 1, 2001 - May 16, 2002)
Lt. Col. Roman Januszewski (May 17, 2002 - November 19, 2006)
Lt. Col. Tomasz Dominikowski (November 20, 2006 - January 31, 2010)
Lt. Col. Wojciech Erbel (February 1, 2010 - December 31, 2013)
Col. Leszek Szczesniak (January 1, 2014 – November 18, 2016, March 31, 2018-present)
Lt. Col. Włodzimierz Grochowiec (November 19, 2016 – December 5, 2016)
Lt. Col. Sebastian Cichosz (December 6, 2016 - March 31, 2018)
Gallery
See also
Kompania Zamkowa
15th Poznań Uhlans Regiment
Guard of honour
References
Army units and formations of Poland
Battalions of Poland
Polish ceremonial units
Military units and formations established in 2001
Military units and formations established in 2018
Military units and formations established in 1954
Werner Wnendt is a German diplomat and politician who served as the Ambassador of Germany to Canada from 2012 to 2017. Until 2007, he was the head of Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) mission in Kosovo. He was responsible for reporting Kosovo developments to the European Union and OSCE and is considered an expert in Kosovo matters in Western Europe.
External links
OSCE Report
Notes
Ambassadors of Germany to Canada
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1964 season.
Overview
It was contested by 3 teams, and Havnar Bóltfelag won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
pl:Meistaradeildin (1963)
Group C of UEFA Euro 2000 began on 13 June and ended on 21 June 2000. Spain won the group ahead of FR Yugoslavia. Norway and Slovenia were eliminated.
Teams
Notes
Standings
In the quarter-finals,
The winner of Group C, Spain, advanced to play the runner-up of Group D, France.
The runner-up of Group C, FR Yugoslavia, advanced to play the winner of Group D, Netherlands.
Matches
Spain vs Norway
FR Yugoslavia vs Slovenia
Slovenia vs Spain
Norway vs FR Yugoslavia
FR Yugoslavia vs Spain
Slovenia vs Norway
References
External links
UEFA Euro 2000 Group C
Group C
Group
FR Yugoslavia at UEFA Euro 2000
Norway at UEFA Euro 2000
Slovenia at UEFA Euro 2000
Fabrizio Convalle (born 11 April 1965 in Carrara) is an Italian former cyclist.
Major results
1989
3rd Overall Giro di Puglia
1990
1st Stage 5 Giro d'Italia
References
1965 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
People from Carrara
Sportspeople from the Province of Massa-Carrara
Cyclists from Tuscany
Peter's Friends is a 1992 British comedy film directed and produced by Kenneth Branagh, and written by Rita Rudner and Martin Bergman.
The film follows six friends (Stephen Fry, Branagh, Alphonsia Emmanuel, Hugh Laurie, Imelda Staunton and Emma Thompson), members of an acting troupe who graduated from Cambridge University in 1982 and went their separate ways. Ten years later, Peter inherits a large estate from his father and invites the group to spend the New Year's holiday with him.
Plot
Peter and his five friends act together in a Cambridge University student comedy troupe. They are shown performing on New Year's Eve, ringing in 1983 for Peter's father and his own group of middle-aged friends at the family's country estate. The stodgy partygoers are underwhelmed by the stylings of Peter and his friends, whose only supporters seem to be the family housekeeper, Vera, and her young son, Paul.
Ten years later, Peter has recently inherited the family estate, and invites his friends up for the 1992-1993 New Year's weekend.
Peter's friends are Andrew, now a writer in Hollywood; married jingle writers Roger and Mary; glamorous costume designer Sarah; and eccentric Maggie, who works in publishing. Joining them are Carol, Andrew's American TV star wife; and impolite Brian, Sarah's very recently acquired, and still married, lover. Vera, and the now grown Paul, are still at the estate, though Vera has given their notice, intending to leave immediately after the weekend, as Peter plans to sell the house after this last party.
Andrew and Carol's marriage is strained by the demands of her fame, made worse by Mary's inappropriate mention that Andrew and Sarah had been engaged a decade earlier. Roger and Mary are recovering from a devastating personal tragedy, made more difficult by Mary ringing home every few minutes and by Brian suddenly talking at length about using their twins in one of their commercials, which leads to the revelation (to Brian, and the audience) that one of the toddler twins died nine months earlier. Lonely Maggie is determined to persuade Peter they should be more than just friends, and Sarah is not as happy with her life as she appears.
The weekend does not go as planned. After a failed attempt to seduce Peter, where he reveals he is bisexual but no longer sleeping with either sex, Maggie receives a makeover from Carol and successfully seduces Paul. Carol leaves Andrew and returns to America, and after a year of sobriety Andrew returns to the bottle. Roger and Mary reach an emotional breakthrough, share their grief and address her obsessive overprotection of their remaining child. Brian calls his wife, who comes to pick him up, after he realizes that Sarah is not interested in that which she already has, but only in that which belongs to someone else. In the climax of the film, Peter reveals the real reason for his bringing them all together: he is HIV-positive. The friends emerge from their own problems and pledge their assistance to Peter.
Cast
Production and casting
Most of the cast are actually old university friends or have previously collaborated in other films. Hugh Laurie, Stephen Fry, Emma Thompson and Tony Slattery attended the University of Cambridge and had been members of the Cambridge Footlights, a student comedy troupe similar to the one portrayed in the film, at the same time. Co-writer Martin Bergman (husband of co-writer/star Rita Rudner) also attended Cambridge and was a member of the Footlights as well.
Prior to filming, Fry and Laurie were already a successful double act with TV series A Bit of Fry & Laurie and Jeeves and Wooster. At the time the film was made, Branagh was married to Thompson, who had also dated Laurie during their university days. Phyllida Law is Thompson's mother and along with Richard Briers, Imelda Staunton and Alex Lowe appeared with Branagh and Thompson in Branagh's adaptation of Much Ado About Nothing the following year. More than a decade later Fry, Law and Slattery appeared together in the ITV series Kingdom.
Filming took place at Wrotham Park. The central character of Peter is said to have been partly inspired by Nicholas Eden, the son of former British Prime Minister Anthony Eden who was diagnosed with HIV/AIDS after inheriting his father's titles.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack featured many artists from the 1980s, including Tears for Fears (whose song "Everybody Wants to Rule the World" was heard over the opening credits of the film), Eric Clapton, The Pretenders, Kiri Te Kanawa and Bruce Springsteen.
The soundtrack album did not, however, feature the cast's rendition of the Jerome Kern standard "The Way You Look Tonight", as performed in the film nor the song, 'Orpheus on the Underground', by John Hudson, which features at the beginning and end of the film.
Reception
Box office
Peter's Friends grossed over $4 million in the United States, and in 1992 alone, it grossed £3.1 million in the U.K.
Critical response
Peter's Friends was well received by most critics. On Rotten Tomatoes it has an approval rating of 64% based on reviews from 36 critics.
Roger Ebert, film critic of the Chicago Sun-Times, described the film as "more or less predictable", but awarded it three-and-a-half stars, stating, "The structure of Peter's Friends is not blazingly original - The Big Chill comes instantly to mind - but a movie like this succeeds in its particulars. If the dialogue is witty, if the characters are convincingly funny or sad, if there is the right bittersweet nostalgia and the sense that someone is likely to burst into "Those Were the Days," then it doesn't matter that we've seen the formula before. This is a new weekend with new friends."
Critic James Berardinelli spoke poorly of the film, giving it two-and-a-half out of a possible four stars and stating, "At its best, Peter's Friends is warm, touching, and funny. At its worst, it's annoying and preachy. Fortunately, there are a few more moments in the former category than in the latter." While praising Branagh's direction and performances by the cast, Berardinelli attributed most of his discontent to the film's screenplay, concluding, "This is Branagh's worst effort to date and shows, if nothing else, that no matter how talented the director and his cast, he still needs a decent screenplay. And that, ultimately, is where Peter's Friends falls short."
Accolades
Peter's Friends was nominated for a Goya Award and won two Evening Standard British Film Awards. It also ranked in eighth place on the National Board of Review's Top Ten 1992 films.
References
External links
1992 films
1992 romantic comedy films
1992 LGBT-related films
British LGBT-related films
British romantic comedy films
Class reunions in popular culture
The Samuel Goldwyn Company films
Films directed by Kenneth Branagh
Films set in England
Films shot in England
Films set in country houses
Films set around New Year
HIV/AIDS in British films
1990s English-language films
1990s British films
Ádám Borics (born July 7, 1993) is a Hungarian Mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of Bellator MMA. As of February 1, 2022, he is #1 in the Bellator Featherweight Rankings.
Early life
Ádám Borics was born in Eger on 7 July 1993. He was raised in a village called Sirok. He started his studies there and spent his free time working out and playing football. At the age of 16 he started training Muay Thai with one of his friends and at the age of 17 he took part in his very first MMA training and fell in love with the sport.
He was admitted to the University of Physical Education, but he decided to focus his financial and physical resources on sports, so he stopped his studies and took up a job in addition to training. At first, he worked as a masseuse and led training sessions himself.
Mixed martial arts career
Amateur career
During secondary school Borics took part in numerous Kempo and amateur MMA fights to develop. When he finished his studied, he moved to Eger for better possibilies. Since he was in need of money to pay his trainings, he started teaching MMA and gave massages too.
Professional career
Borics made his debut at the 5th event of HFC (Hungarian Fight Championship) on 1 August 2014. His opponent was Dániel Hajzer, who got submitted via heel hook shortly after 1 minute.
On 11 October, he faced József Tárnai on HFC 6. Ádám won by unanimous decision. He also faced Ádám Németh the same night, whom he defeated in the 2nd round with by knockout.
In his fourth match, Ádám fought for the HFC 65 kg (143 pound) belt against Benjámin Molnár. The match didn't go as planned, as in the middle of the 4th round Molnar was disqualified for using an illegal slam, so "The Kid" won the first belt on 15 November 2014, at the age of 21.
Borics' first non-Hungarian bout took place in Sarajevo at FFC 7, in featherweight. The Hungarian beat Croatia's Marko Burušić in March 2015.
In his next match, on 9 May 2015, he defended his HFC belt against Jaroslav Jarim on HFC 9. He defeated his Czech opponent with a Triangle choke at the end of the first round.
On HFC 10, he defeated Benjámin Molnár, against whom Borics had won his belt. This was Ádám's last match at the Hungarian organization, from which he left with a record of 6-0 at the end of 2015, after defending his title twice.
In his 8th professional bout, Borics was fighting again in the Final Fight Championship. At FFC 20, Matija Blažičević, a Croatian martial artist. Borics won via split decision.
FFC 23 was held in Vienna on April 18, 2016, where Borics fought against Manuel Bilić. He won via triangle choke.
Bellator
In early 2017, Borics travelled to America for 3 weeks to a training camp. He joined the Hard Knocks 365 team (Sanford MMA since 2019) for a few weeks.
Bellator 177 was held 14 April 2017, which was also the first event to be held in Hungary. They gave The Kid a chance to fight against Anthony Taylor. Borics defeated his opponent via rear-naked choke, earning him the 10th win of his career, rewarding him a contract with the Bellator MMA organization for 4 matches.
Borics moved to the United States with his wife, but he had to wait almost an entire year for his next bout, because Ádi's hand was fractured 2 weeks after moving. On 6 April 2018, he returned into the cage again in Budapest at Bellator 196 and knocked out Teodor Nikolov in the 2nd round with his signature flying knee in front of his home audience.
Next time Borics fought Josenaldo Silva, on 21 September 2018 at Bellator 205. Borics submitted Silva in the third round.
Next time he faced Aaron Pico on Bellator 222, on 14 June 2019. Ádám won by TKO via flying knee in the Madison Square Garden. After his first 4 fights in Bellator, the Borics had 4 victories, and finished all of them. With that, he also earned a new contract.
Bellator featherweight tournament
Borics was selected as one of the 16 martial artists to take part in the Bellator Featherweight Tournament.
In the first round of the tournament, Borics got former champion Pat Curran as his opponent. The fight was held on 7 September 2019 on Bellator 226. Borics won by TKO. The victory allowed him to advance to the quarterfinals of the tournament.
In the quarter-finals, Borics took on former former bantamweight Bellator champion Darrion Caldwell. The fight took place on 25 January 2020 on Bellator 238. In first round, Caldwell submitted Ádám with a rear-naked choke. This was the Hungarian's first defeat in martial arts.
Catchweight
Borics had his next two bouts in catchweight, 150 pounds. Borics faced Mike Hamell on 7 August 2020 on Bellator 243. Hamel couldn't make weight at weigh-ins. Borics won by split decision.
His next opponent was Erick Sánchez. Borics won by unanimous decision on 19 October 2020, on Bellator 250.
Return to featherweight
On April 9, 2021 at Bellator 256, Borics took on Jeremy Kennedy. Borics defeated Kennedy by unanimous decision.
Borics was scheduled to face Jay-Jay Wilson for the #1 contender status on August 20, 2021 at Bellator 265. However, at the weigh-ins, Wilson came in at 150.4 pounds, missing weight by 4.4 pounds. As a result, the fight has been scrapped and Borics was paid his show money.
Borics headlined against Mads Burnell on March 12, 2022 at Bellator 276. He won the bout via unanimous decision, in what many consider to be one of the most entertaining matches of the year.
Borics is scheduled to challenge for the Bellator Featherweight Championship against reiging champ Patrício Pitbull on October 1, 2022 at Bellator 286.
Personal life
Ádám Borics lives with his wife, Zsófia Perge in Pompano Beach, Florida, United States. They married in 2017 before moving to the US. Ádám has a brother.
Championships and accomplishments
Hungarian Fight Championship
HFC Featherweight Championship (one time)
Two successful title defenses
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|18–1
|Mads Burnell
|Decision (unanimous)
|Bellator 276
|
|align=center| 5
|align=center| 5:00
|St. Louis, Missouri, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|17–1
|Jeremy Kennedy
|Decision (unanimous)
|Bellator 256
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Uncasville, Connecticut, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 16–1
|Erick Sánchez
|Decision (unanimous)
|Bellator 250
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Uncasville, Connecticut, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–1
|Mike Hamel
|Decision (split)
|Bellator 243
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Uncasville, Connecticut, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|14–1
|Darrion Caldwell
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Bellator 238
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:20
|Inglewood, California, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–0
|Pat Curran
|TKO (punches)
|Bellator 226
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:59
|San Jose, California, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 13–0
|Aaron Pico
|TKO (flying knee and punches)
|Bellator 222
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:55
|New York City, New York, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–0
|Josenaldo Silva
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Bellator 205
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:46
|Boise, Idaho, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–0
|Teodor Nikolov
|KO (flying knee)
|Bellator 196
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center|2:25
|Budapest, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 10–0
| Anthony Taylor
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Bellator 177
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 4:12
|Budapest, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 9–0
| Manuel Bilić
| Submission (triangle choke)
| FFC 23
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 3:32
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 8–0
| Matija Blažičević
| Decision (split)
| FFC 20
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 5:00
|Zagrab, Croatia
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 7–0
| Benjámin Molnár
| Submission (triangle choke)
| HFC 10
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 4:17
|Zalaegerszeg, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 6–0
| Jaroslav Jartim
| Submission (triangle choke)
| HFC 9
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 4:14
|Győr, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 5–0
| Marko Burušić
| Decision (unanimous)
| FFC 7
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 5:00
|Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 4–0
| Benjámin Molnár
| DQ (illegal slam)
| HFC 7
|
|align=center| 4
|align=center| 2:46
|Budapest, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 3–0
| Németh Ádám
| KO (flying knee)
| HFC 6
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 3:45
|Pápa, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 2–0
| Tárnai József
| Decision (unanimous)
| HFC 6
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 5:00
| Pápa, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 1–0
| Hajzer Dániel
| Submission (leglock)
| HFC 5
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 1:09
| Siófok, Hungary
|
See also
List of current Bellator fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Hungarian male mixed martial artists
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
American male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Kenpo
Mixed martial artists utilizing Muay Thai
Bellator male fighters
Hungarian Muay Thai practitioners
American Muay Thai practitioners
Hungarian male karateka
American male karateka
The 2011 Indonesia Super League play-off was a football match which was played on Thursday, 23 June 2011, played between Bontang FC (from Bontang), who were ranked 15th in the 2010-11 Indonesia Super League and Persidafon (from Jayapura), ranked 4th.
Persidafon gained promotion to the Indonesia Super League 2011-12 season after beating Bontang FC by a score of 3-2.
Match details
See also
2010–11 Liga Indonesia Premier Division
2010–11 Indonesia Super League
References
External links
ISL Play-off Schedule
ISL Play-off Result
play
playoff
Fachry Husaini
Henry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. The 2010 United States Census, listed its population at 50,486. Its county seat is Cambridge.
Henry County is included in the Davenport-Moline-Rock Island, IA-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Henry County was formed on January 13, 1825, out of Fulton County, Illinois. It is named for Patrick Henry, Revolutionary War firebrand and champion of individual rights, to whom the slogan "give me liberty, or give me death" is attributed. The county was settled by people from New England and western New York, descendants of English Puritans who settled New England in the colonial era. The New England settlers founded the five towns of Andover, Wethersfield, Geneseo, Morristown and La Grange.
The settlement of Cambridge came about in 1843, when the owner of the land in that area (Rev. Ithamar Pillsbury) dedicated a section of his properties to a town council; lots were sold to incoming settlers, and construction of the town proper began on 9 June 1843. The incoming "Yankee" settlers made Henry County culturally similar to early New England culture.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water. It is the 29th largest of Illinois' 102 counties. The area is fairly flat, with elevations ranging from 650 feet above sea level in the northwest to 850 in the southeast. About or 86.7% of the county's land area, is used for agriculture.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Cambridge have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1996 and a record high of was recorded in July 1983. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in August.
Major highways
Interstate 74
Interstate 80
Interstate 280
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 34
Illinois Route 17
Illinois Route 84
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 81
Illinois Route 82
Illinois Route 92
Illinois Route 93
Adjacent counties
Rock Island County - northwest
Whiteside County - northeast
Bureau County - east
Stark County - southeast
Knox County - south
Mercer County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 50,486 people, 20,373 households, and 14,149 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 22,161 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.8% white, 1.6% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.6% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 30.0% were German, 14.6% were Irish, 12.3% were Swedish, 11.5% were English, and 7.2% were American.
Of the 20,373 households, 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.6% were non-families, and 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.92. The median age was 41.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $49,164 and the median income for a family was $61,467. Males had a median income of $44,589 versus $30,992 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,915. About 6.8% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Colona
Cambridge
Galva
Geneseo
Kewanee
Towns
Annawan
Atkinson
Villages
Alpha
Andover
Bishop Hill
Cambridge
Cleveland
Coal Valley (partial)
Hooppole
Orion
Woodhull
Unincorporated communities
Aliceville
Briar Bluff
Brook Lawn
Dayton
German Corner
Green River
Green Rock
Hickory Hills
Level Acres
Lynn Center
Morristown
Nekoma
Opheim
Osco
Shady Beach
Sunny Hill
Sunny Hill Estates
Timber Ridge
Ulah
Warner
Woodcrest
Former communities
Kedron
Oxford
Saxon
Townships
Alba
Andover
Annawan
Atkinson
Burns
Cambridge
Clover
Colona
Cornwall
Edford
Galva
Geneseo
Hanna
Kewanee
Loraine
Lynn
Munson
Osco
Oxford
Phenix
Weller
Western
Wethersfield
Yorktown
Politics
Henry County's political history is fairly typical of many Yankee-settled rural counties in Illinois. After being largely Democratic in its first few elections, the county turned powerfully Republican for the 110 years following the formation of that party. The only time it did not vote Republican between 1856 and 1960 was in 1912 when the GOP was mortally divided and Progressive Theodore Roosevelt won a majority of the county's ballots. In 1964, when the Republican Party nominated the Southern-oriented Barry Goldwater, Henry County voted Democratic for the first time since 1852, but as was typical for Yankee counties it returned to the Republicans with the selection of the more moderate Richard Nixon.
In the 1980s, the transition of the Republican Party into a party largely based around Southern Evangelicals severely alienated its historic Yankee base: Henry County turned to Democrat Michael Dukakis in 1988, and voted Democratic in every election between 1988 and 2012 except that of 2004 when George W. Bush carried the county by 5.1 percent. However, concern with unemployment in the “Rust Belt” resulted in a powerful swing to Republican Donald Trump in 2016 – the worst Democratic result in the county since Jimmy Carter in 1980.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Henry County, Illinois
References
External links
Henry County Tourism Bureau
Illinois Ancestors Henry County
Henry County Historical Society
1825 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Populated places established in 1825
Quad Cities
The Nels Severson Barn, also known as "Fort" Severson, is a historic barn located north of Carpenter in rural Mitchell County, Iowa, United States. It is a two-story structure composed of irregularly-cut limestone with a gable roof. Its walls are thick. It is one of a few, and possibly the only, stone structure in the area. The barn was built by Norwegian immigrant Nels Severson in 1867. He and his brother Ole were early settlers in this region. Local tradition refers to the building as a fort. Its large size and sturdy construction would protect the white settlers from Indian attacks. It is also said that it was a stop on a stage coach line. While the latter might be true, there is no evidence to corroborate either tradition. The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
References
Infrastructure completed in 1867
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mitchell County, Iowa
Buildings and structures in Mitchell County, Iowa
United Nations Security Council resolution 684, adopted unanimously on 30 January 1991, after recalling previous resolutions on the topic, as well as studying the report by the Secretary-General on the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) approved in 426 (1978), the Council decided to extend the mandate of UNIFIL for a further six months until 31 July 1991.
The Council then reemphasised the mandate of the Force and requested the Secretary-General to report back on the progress made with regard to the implementation of resolutions 425 (1978) and 426 (1978).
See also
Israeli–Lebanese conflict
Lebanese Civil War
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
South Lebanon conflict (1982–2000)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0684
0684
Israeli–Lebanese conflict
1991 in Israel
1991 in Lebanon
Arab–Israeli peace process
0684
January 1991 events
Dharitri is a social satire drama in Odia, released on 30 March 1973. It is based on Amulya Kumari Patnaik's novel of the same name. Sarat Pujari, Prashant Nanda, Sriram Panda, Parbati Ghosh and Dhira Biswal acted in key roles.
Synopsis
Girish Choudhury is a pseudo-social activist and politician. He has two sons, Subhendu and Sudhir. To get popularity in society, he gets his daughter-in-law from a poor family for his son Subhendu. Subhendu doesn't like his wife Mamata and stays in town engaged in the contracting business with the help of his father. Girish's wife always tortures Mamata and asks for dowry. Mamata silently bears all the pain and torture caused by her mother-in-law. Sudhir, a revolutionist, doesn't accept the things happening in his house and revolts against his father, mother and brother. at last he gets success uniting Subhendu and Mamata.
Cast
Sarat Pujari as Subhendu Choudhury
Bhanumati Devi as Girish's wife
Prashant Nanda as Rabi
Sriram Panda as Sudhir Choudhury
Dhira Biswal as Girish Choudhury
Sandhya Acharya as Mamata
Bhim Singh as Braja
Govind Tej as Usha's father
Shyamalendu Bhattacharjee as Sudhir's friend
Dinabandhu Das as Murali
Babaji Sahu as Mamu
Narendra Behera as Sudhir's friend
Aneema Pedini as Ragini
Alpana Nayak as Usha
Soundtrack
The music for the film was composed by Upendra Kumar.
Trivia
Actor Sriram Panda debuted in the film.
Awards
2nd Orissa State Film Awards 1974
Best Film
Best director - Nitai Palit
References
External links
Enewsodia Ollywood Entertainment News
1973 films
1970s Odia-language films
Major Moses Corbet (1728–1814) was a British Army officer who served as Lieutenant Governor of Jersey from 4 April 1771 to 6 January 1781.
Early career
Corbet joined the British Army c.1745. In 1748 he was an Ensign in the 7th Regiment of Foot and by the start of the Seven Years' War he had been promoted to Captain, sailing with his regiment from Ireland to help relieve the Siege of Fort St Philip (1756) in Menorca. The relief failed and his regiment moved to Gibraltar where he served until ill health forced his return to England.
Whilst in England he married and became Aide-de-camp to Lieutenant Colonel Lord Robert Bertie the commander of the 7th Regiment of Foot He rejoined the regiment in Gibraltar and received promotion to Major on 14 December 1761 within the 7th Regiment of Foot. Returning with the regiment to England, he left the army because of ill health and settled back in Jersey Channel Islands.
Becoming involved in politics and following corn riot disturbances in 1769, was appointed Lieutenant Governor of Jersey on 4 April 1771.
In 1779 the Franco-Dutch Invasion of Jersey was attempted at St Ouen's Bay. The defenders, led by Moses Corbet, were able to prevent the landing, suffering only a few men wounded when a cannon burst.
Battle of Jersey
On 6 January 1781 a French invading force led by Philippe de Rullecourt secured the town of Saint Helier and surprised Corbet in bed in Government House (then situated at Le Manoir de La Motte). De Rullecourt convinced Corbet that thousands of French troops had already overwhelmed Jersey. He threatened to burn the town and slaughter the inhabitants if the garrison did not capitulate and Corbet, unable to ascertain the true situation, surrendered. Major Francis Peirson, suspecting that De Rullecourt only had a small force, took command of the British troops in Corbet's absence and counter-attacked leading to a decisive engagement in which the British forces were victorious.
Corbet was subsequently tried by Court-martial at Horseguards.
The charges were
Allowing himself to be surprised by the enemy
Signing articles of capitulation when a prisoner
Attempting to induce other officers in command to concur
The French General had written the capitulation letter in his own hand and to get Corbet to sign threatened to destroy the town and shipping in the harbour, disclosing in great detail the defences of the Island, leading Corbet to believe many units had been captured and wishing to save the town from destruction by fire, and believing his powers of command had already been removed as he was a prisoner, agreed to sign. Corbet received good references from Lord Robert Bertie and others. The outcome of the Court Martial was inconclusive; he was dismissed as Lieutenant-Governor, but granted a pension of £250 p.a. for life.
Portrait
A formal full-length portrait of Major Moses Corbet's portrait was created by noted artist Philippe Jean (1755–1802). Philippe Jean was made famous for his miniature portrait of Guernsey born Sir Isaac Brock as well as his commissioned portrait of King George III.
References
1728 births
1814 deaths
Governors of Jersey
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
British Army personnel of the Seven Years' War
Royal Fusiliers officers
British Army personnel who were court-martialled
Grass mantis is a common name mostly given to various species of praying mantis that mimic grass or other slender vegetation. Species to which this name has been applied include but are not limited to:
Glabromantis mexicana (Mexican grass mantis)
Odontomantis planiceps (grass mantis)
Oxyothespis dumonti (African grass mantis)
Thesprotia graminis (American grass mantis)
Schizocephala bicornis (Indian grass mantis)
See also
Dead leaf mantis
Flower mantis
Stick mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Mantodea
Insect common names
Dora Honnywill (née Neve; 17 December 1870 – 18 March 1959) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. She was born in Benenden. Honnywill competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round competition. She took fifth place in the event with 587 points.
References
External links
profile
1870 births
1959 deaths
British female archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
People from Benenden
Craig Nicholas Winrow (born 22 December 1971 in Ormskirk) is a male retired English middle-distance runner competing primarily in the 800 metres.
Early life
Winrow was educated at Burscough Priory High School in Burscough, Lancashire. As a 14 year old student in 1986, he "shattered" the Lancashire Schools' County Athletics Championships in the event, finishing with a time of 2 minutes and 1.3 seconds, beating the previous best by 3 seconds. At the age of 15, he was running in 49 seconds and in 1 minute 51.8 seconds, which was almost level with the UK age-best for his age group. By the age of 16, he was being sponsored by local computer firm Southport Hi-Tech, where he planned to join on a youth training scheme after leaving school. As a young athlete, he looked up to Steve Ovett and was aiming to compete in the 1992 Summer Olympics. In 1987, he was described by The Guardian as being "the most exciting 800-metre prospect in Britain since the schooldays of Cram and Coe." Success in athletics came relatively early during his school days, having originally been a sprinter and was described as having "the heritage of a sprint finish that has subsequently devastated his peers".
Athletics career
In the summer of 1989, he was the winner of the 1989 European Athletics Junior Championships 800-metre event in Varaždin, Yugoslavia, having initially trailed but overtook everyone on the final lap to victory. He loved running and was known to tell others what they were missing, suggesting that if he wasn't running then he may be "working in a packing factory or something."
He represented England in the 800 metres event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. He represented Great Britain at the 1996 Summer Olympics reaching the semifinals.
His personal bests in the event are 1:45.23 outdoors (Rome 1996) and 1:47.78 indoors (Glasgow 1994).
Coaching
Nowadays he works as a coach. He has trained, among others, Andrew Osagie and Adelle Tracey.
Competition record
References
1971 births
Living people
People from Ormskirk
English male middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Sutton High School is a public high school located in Sutton, Massachusetts. The school shares its location with Sutton Middle School on a nearly 64-acre campus.
History
According to A History of the Town of Sutton, Massachusetts, written by William Addison Benedict and Hiram Averill Tracy in 1878, Reverend George Anson Willard established Sutton High School in 1835.
Between 2011 and 2015, major renovations took place to the existing school building by the Boston-based architecture firm Flansburgh Architects.
The yearbook of Sutton High is known as the Exitus, and is known to have been published as far back as 1938. The school's student newspaper is known as The Movement.
Athletics
Sutton High School athletic teams are known as the Sammies (boys) and Suzies (girls). The teams compete in District II of the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association (MIAA), specifically within the Dual Valley Conference (DVC). Competitors include: Blackstone-Millville Regional High School, Douglas High School, Hopedale Junior Senior High School, Nipmuc Regional High School, and Whitinsville Christian School.
The school offers: baseball, basketball, cross-country, field hockey, football, golf, soccer, softball, tennis, track and field, and volleyball.
Notable alumni
Ryan Fattman, member of the Massachusetts Senate
David Muradian, member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
See also
List of high schools in Massachusetts
References
External links
Official website
Official Twitter page
Educational institutions established in 1835
Schools in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Public high schools in Massachusetts
Sutton, Massachusetts
Altino Amadeu Pinto de Magalhães ; 8 May 1922 – 24 January 2019) was a Portuguese commissioned army officer in the Portuguese Armed Forces and politician who served as a deputy Minister of Defence. He was the President of the Junta Regional of the Azores. He served as a general in the Portuguese Armed Forces, who, while having a conservative style, supported the Carnation Revolution of 25 April 1974.
Career
During his time at the Army Academy, Altino studied Infantry, Transmission and Information, the general and complementary courses in Officers training, as well as taking an aviation course to provide tourist services.
He was promoted to ensign in March 1943 while in Lamego, and served with the 9th Regimental Infantry in São Miguel and Terceira. He served in Portuguese Angola between 1946 and 1948, where he was promoted to lieutenant before serving in Braga. Before returning to Angola, where he served between 1949 and 1953, he was made promoted to captain in December 1948. He served in the Ministry of the Army between 1953 and 1961, becoming a major by December 1957 and later lieutenant-colonel by May 1961, before being transferred to Madeira (Funchal). He returned to the Ministry between 1963 and 1969, being invested as colonel in 1968. He joined the Quartel General da Região Militar (Military Regional General Garrison) in Angola in 1969–71, serving in the Estado Maior do Exército (Army Staff) and regional command, advancing to the position of Brigadier by August 1973.
Presidency of the Azores
Pinto de Magalhães was nominated to the position of Military Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces in the Azores on 6 January 1975 (a function that he served until 29 August 1976).
He arrived in Ponta Delgada during a period of heightened tensions after the Revolution, during a political crisis and ideological conflict between anti-communists and separatists. On 6 June 1975 a protest in Ponta Delgada was held, in direct and conscious defiance of a law prohibiting such political gatherings. Quickly the protest turned into a separatist manifestation. The military tried to block protesters from descending on the Conceição Palace, which at the time was the residence of the Civil Governor (António Borges Coutinho). Magalhães met with Coutinho, but in the middle of the confusion, Coutinho abruptly resigned. The news of this event provoked a wave of cheers from the protesters and demands for the Azores' complete independence. What followed were negotiations between the commander-in-chief and a group of protesters. After the protesters had calmed-down, orders were sent to arrest some of the personalities considered responsible for the subversive acts related to the agitation, and they were deported to Terceira.
As a consequence of these events, a Junta Governativa Regional (Governing Regional Junta) was established under decree-law 458/B/75 on 22 August 1975. The Junta was presided over by the military Commandant, allied to a civilian council that included representatives of the leading non-communist political parties (Social Democrats, Socialists and Democratic-Centrists). It operated as a provisional government of the Azores, until the new Portuguese Constitution established the Regional Government of the Azores.
Between 26 August 1975 and 29 August 1976 Magalhães served as the president of the Junta Regional dos Açores (Azores Regional Junta). Prior to his abandoning the position of president, in February 1976, he was promoted to General.
Later life
During his career Magalhães held the highest level roles in his military postings, attaining many of the functions in the military hierarchy. Similarly, he exercises civilian functions: District Governor of Uige (1972–74); Representative of the Governing Junta in Angola (1974) and as President of the Regional Junta of the Azores (1975–76). Between 1976 and 1979 he served in the Army's Planning Directorate, and later the Armed Forces Planning Directorate (1979–1984), attaining the post of four-star General by July 1979.
He was the President of the Central Committee of the Combatants League () between 1986 and 1996. His military career included fifteen command-level accreditation, as well as in Governing and Ministerial postings. In addition, he received eight national medallions, in addition to commendations and honours from Brazil (six), France (one) and Yugoslavia (one). His national honors included three (silver and gold) Service Distinctions with Palm and a Grand Cross in the Military Order.
He became President of the Executive Commission established to by the National Association of Overseas Combatants () to guide the building of national monument to overseas troops in 1986. He held this position until about 1996.
In 1985, he became a candidate for the Presidency of Portugal.
Magalhães died on 24 January 2019 of natural causes. His body lay at the São João de Deus church in Lisbon prior to his funeral on 26 January.
References
Notes
Sources
1922 births
2019 deaths
People from Carrazeda de Ansiães
Presidents of the Government of the Azores
Polonnaruwa District (; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka, the second level administrative division of the country. It is also one of the two districts of North Central Province and has an area of 3,293 km2.
The district is administered by a District Secretariat headed by a District Secretary (previously known as a Government Agent) appointed by the central government of Sri Lanka. The capital of the district is the city of Polonnaruwa.
Administrative Units
Demographics
Ethnicity
The majority of the population are Sinhalese with a minority Sri Lankan Moor and Sri Lankan Tamil population.
Religion
According to the 2011 census 89.7% of the population were Buddhists, 7.5% Muslim, 1.7% Hindu and 1% Christian.
Politics and government
Local government
Education
Following are some of the schools in the Polonnaruwa District.
Royal Central College, Polonnaruwa
Thopawewa National School, Polonnaruwa
Polonnaruwa Muslim Central College,Kaduruwela
Ananda Balika National School, Hingurakgoda
Minneriya National School, Minneriya
Medirigiriya National School, Medirigiriya
Diulankadawala Central College, Diulankadawala
Mahasen National School, Bakamuna
Vilayaya Nationala School, Aralaganwila
Polonnaruwa Sungavil Muslim Maha Vidyalaya
Towns
Kaduruwela
Hingurakgoda
Minneriya
Bakamuna
Aralaganwila
Medirigiriya
Giritale
Elahera
Jayantipura
Galamuna
Lankapura
Sungavila
Manampitiya
Siripura
Welikanda
Dimbulagala
Thambala
Pulastigama
References
Districts of Sri Lanka
The Consensus 2008 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
2008 Consensus All-America team
The following players were consensus All-Americans.
Individual All-America teams
AP Honorable Mention:
Joe Alexander, West Virginia
Josh Alexander, Stephen F. Austin
Ryan Anderson, California
Darrell Arthur, Kansas
Jerryd Bayless, Arizona
Marqus Blakely, Vermont
Jon Brockman, Washington
Chase Budinger, Arizona
Jaycee Carroll, Utah State
Mario Chalmers, Kansas
Lee Cummard, BYU
Scott Cutley, Cal State Fullerton
Louis Dale, Cornell
Jeremiah Dominguez, Portland State
Wayne Ellington, North Carolina
Adam Emmenecker, Drake
Al Fisher, Kent State
Gary Forbes, Massachusetts
J. R. Giddens, New Mexico
Jamont Gordon, Mississippi State
Mike Green, Butler
James Harden, Arizona State
Alex Harris, UC Santa Barbara
Andrew Hayles, Alabama State
Richard Hendrix, Alabama
George Hill, IUPUI
Lester Hudson, Tennessee-Martin
Ty Lawson, North Carolina
Courtney Lee, Western Kentucky
Tony Lee, Robert Morris
Eric Maynor, VCU
O. J. Mayo, USC
Drew Neitzel, Michigan State
DeMarcus Nelson, Duke
David Padgett, Louisville
Jeremy Pargo, Gonzaga
A. J. Price, Connecticut
Arizona Reid, High Point
Tyrese Rice, Boston College
Brandon Rush, Kansas
Thomas Sanders, Gardner-Webb
Sean Singletary, Virginia
Jamar Smith, Morgan State
Tyler Smith, Tennessee
Greg Sprink, Navy
Jason Thompson, Rider
Sam Young, Pittsburgh
Academic All-Americans
On February 26, 2008, CoSIDA and ESPN The Magazine announced the 2009 Academic All-American team with Adam Emmenecker headlining the University Division as the men's college basketball Academic All-American of the Year.
2007–08 ESPN The Magazine Academic All-America Men's Basketball Team (University Division) as selected by CoSIDA:
References
NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans
All-Americans
Jan Hanzlík (born March 21, 1982) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He currently plays for BK Mladá Boleslav of the Czech Extraliga.
He previously played for HC Kometa Brno between 2013 and 2016 and HC Sparta Praha from 2003 to 2013.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Kometa Brno players
HC Sparta Praha players
Sportspeople from Mladá Boleslav
The Diocese of Terlizzi (Latin: Dioecesis Terlitiensis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Terlizzi the region of Apulia in southern Italy, in the province of Bari, lying to the west of the seaport of Bari on the Adriatic Sea. Erected in the 11th century, in 1749, it was united with the Diocese of Giovinazzo to form the Diocese of Giovinazzo e Terlizzi.
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Eduardo Márquez Talledo (February 22, 1902 - January 29, 1975) was a Peruvian composer.
See also
Música criolla
People from Callao
1902 births
1975 deaths
Peruvian composers
Peruvian male composers
20th-century composers
20th-century male musicians
The 2012 Tequila Patrón American Le Mans Series at Long Beach was held at Long Beach Street Circuit on April 14, 2012. It was the second round of the 2012 American Le Mans Series season.
Qualifying
Due to heavy rain before the qualifying session was scheduled to take place, the ALMS decided to postpone the qualifying session. Grid position was decided by points standings in the championship which meant the No. 16 Dyson Racing car started on pole position.
Qualifying results
Pole position winners in each class are marked in bold.
Race
Race result
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of their class winner's distance are marked as Not Classified (NC).
See also
2012 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach
References
Long Beach
Grand Prix of Long Beach
American Le Mans Series at Long Beach
Rocky Branch is a long 2nd order tributary to the Deep River in Chatham County, North Carolina.
Course
Rocky Branch rises about 2 miles south of Pittsboro, North Carolina in Chatham County and then flows south to the Deep River about 1 mile northwest of Blacknel, North Carolina.
Watershed
Rocky Branch drains of area, receives about 47.5 in/year of precipitation, and has a wetness index of 414.55 and is about 58% forested.
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Chatham County, North Carolina
is a hypothesis of civil war. It is based on the assumption that the Demise of the Crown of Emperor Keitai in the first half of the 6th century and the subsequent struggle over the succession to the throne occurred because there are unnatural points in the documents recording the history of the time. The year of the outbreak is specifically set as the year of Emperor Keitai's death in the Common Era 531, the year in which Emperor Keitai is said to have died in the Chronicles of Japan, and some call it the Shinigai no Hen (辛亥の変'').
Outline
According to the Nihon Shoki (Chronicles of Japan), the year of Emperor Tsugitai's death is dated to the year of the Boar (531), based on the theory of the Baekje Hongi, while another theory places the death in the year of the Tiger (534). The year of the first tiger is considered to be the year of the accession of the next emperor, Ankan, which is usually interpreted as a two-year vacancy after the death of Emperor Tsugitai.
However, several questions emerge here.
The article on the year of the Xinhai in the "Baekje Hongi" states, "The Japanese emperor, his son, and his son-in-law all collapsed.」
In the Jōgū Shōtoku Hōōō Teisetsu and the Genkōji Garan Engi, the year of Emperor Kinmei's accession is set to the year 531, as if he had been the next Emperor Kinmei after Emperor Tsugitai.
In the Kojiki, Emperor Tsugitai is said to have died in the year 527.
The method of interpreting these discrepancies has been the subject of debate since the kinochronological theory gained attention in the Meiji Period.
The first theory to emerge was that Emperor Tsugitai died in 527 and Emperor Kinmei ascended to the throne in 531, with the reign of Emperor Ankan and Emperor Senka assumed in the intervening four years. This theory is inconsistent with the fact that both the Kojiki and Nihonshoki record the death of Emperor Ankan in the year 535 (the year of Otou) (of course, there is room for debate as to whether this is an accurate date based on historical sources or an error in the same source).
In Showa Era, Kida Sadakichi's "Baekje Honki" indicates that a serious political crisis occurred in the year 531, and as a result, after the death of Emperor Tsugitai, the Ankan-Senka line, whose mother was Owari Mezako Ehime from a local powerful familyand Emperor Ninken, whose mother was Princess Tebiraka, the daughter of Emperor NinkenIn the late 19th century, he presented the idea that the Yamato dynasty () was divided into two separate dynasties in the Yamato Dynasty. This idea was taken one step further by Hayashiya Tatsusaburo after World War II, who proposed that confusion over conflicts the Korean Peninsula situation (such as the Iwai Rebellion) occurred at the end of the reign of Emperor Tsugitai, and that after his death, "two parallel dynasties" and the resulting nationwide civil war occurred. The Nihon Shoki (Chronicles of Japan) conceals this fact. In order to conceal this fact, the Nihon-shoki (Chronicles of Japan) is said to have written as if half-brothers had ascended to the throne in the order of their ages.
However, the "Baekje Hongi" is not extant, and it is difficult to verify its statements. Furthermore, since the "Baekje Hongi" is a history of Baekje, some have questioned the reliability of the articles related to Waekoku (Japan). Even if it is true that an emperor collapsed in the year Xinhai, it is not clear to whom this refers (if the year of Emperor Ankan's collapse is mistaken, it is possible that Emperor Seonhwa collapsed in the year Xinhai and Emperor Kinmei came to the throne). Therefore, there was no "juxtaposition of two dynasties" or civil war, and some scholars believe that the succession to the imperial throne during this period should be based on the account in the Nihon shoki (Chronicles of Japan) that states that after the demise of the successor to the throne, his successors (Ankan and Senka) collapsed within a short period (several years), resulting in the succession from the successor to Ankan, to Senka, to Kinmyo. The "Nihon Shoki" is also influential in this regard. Furthermore, even among scholars who support the "two dynasties in parallel," Hayashiya's theory is not always fully supported. For example, Hayashiya interprets that behind Emperor Kinmei was the Soga clan, which was married to the emperor, and behind Emperors Ankan and Senka was the Otomo clan, which declined during this period. However, there are also theories that see the background as opposing, such as the conflict between the local powerful tribes that supported Emperor Tsugitai and his successor and the Yamato powerful tribes that sought to regain power by supporting Emperor Kinmei, who was descended from the previous imperial lineage.The other theory is that it was a conflict between two powerful tribes, one with the surname of "vassal" and the other with the surname of "ren".
The period from Emperor Tsugitai's reign to Emperor Kinmei's is said to have been marked by a series of significant events that would later shape the history of Japan, including the official transmission of Buddhism, the establishment of tun storehouses, the compilation of the Teiki and Old Japanese epitaph, the introduction of Japanese epithet, and the Musashikokuzo Rebellion. It is believed that the existence or non-existence of "two parallel dynasties" and the occurrence of civil wars had no small influence on the interpretation of these events.
References
Bibliography
直木孝次郎「継体・欽明朝の内乱」『国史大辞典 5』（吉川弘文館 1985年） ISBN 978-4-642-00505-0
川口勝康「継体・欽明朝の内乱」『日本史大事典 2』（平凡社 1993年） ISBN 978-4-582-13102-4
大平聡「継体・欽明朝の内乱」『日本歴史大事典 1』（小学館 2000年） ISBN 978-4-09-523001-6
Kofun period
Hypotheses
Pages with unreviewed translations
Saadia Kobashi (; , 1904–1990) was a leader of the Yemenite Jewish community in Israel, and one of the signatories of the country's declaration of independence.
Born in Yemen, he migrated to Ottoman Palestine in 1909, settling in Jerusalem.
A member of the Jewish National Council and Moetzet HaAm on behalf of the Yemenite Association, he signed the declaration of independence in 1948 as S. Kobashi, adding HaLevi at the end (referring to the tribe of Levi). After independence, he moved to Tel Aviv and was appointed supervisor of the Religious-Zionist education system. He became headmaster of a religious-Zionist school in Rosh HaAyin in 1949, where today a street is named after him.
References
1904 births
Yemenite Jews
Members of the Assembly of Representatives (Mandatory Palestine)
Signatories of the Israeli Declaration of Independence
Israeli educators
1990 deaths
Jewish National Council members
Yemenite Association politicians
Yemeni emigrants to the Ottoman Empire
Israeli people of Yemeni-Jewish descent
Jesse C. "Jess" Edwards is an American politician, who is a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives. He represents the Rockingham 4 district, comprising the towns of Auburn, Chester, and Sandown.
Biography
Edwards served in the United States Medical Corps, reaching the rank of lieutenant colonel and retiring in 2009. While in the Corps, he served as a comptroller to the 18th Medical Command in Korea.
Political career
Edwards is a Republican. In his third term, he was appointed to Chair Division III of the Finance Committee.
Political positions
Abortion
In 2022, Edwards advocated for the successful passage of HB1609 which created an exemption for fatal fetal diagnoses to the 24-week abortion ban law passed in 2021.
Personal life
Edwards' daughter, Elizabeth, served as a state representative, and Edwards credits her service as the inspiration for his run for office.
Electoral history
References
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
New Hampshire Republicans
People from Auburn, New Hampshire
United States Army Medical Corps officers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bourgeois & Maurice are a cabaret act based in London, described by Time Out London as 'neo cabaret'. The duo, formed in 2007, consists of Liv Morris and George Heyworth.
Shows
Their first full-length show Social Work premiered at Soho Theatre in 2009 and subsequently toured the UK, winning an Argus Angel Award in Brighton. In August 2009 they took Social Work to Edinburgh Fringe Festival, receiving excellent reviews.
In 2010 they won Time Out Londons Alternative Eurovision title. They failed to hold their title in 2011 but returned in 2014, representing Russia, where they once again won the Alternative Eurovision title with their song 'Goodbye Europe'.
Their next full show was Shedding Skin, which showed at Manchester's Queer Up North Festival and Soho Theatre in London during July 2010. Initially vague about the relationship to each other in early performances, the duo's second show, Shedding Skin, expanded on the characters' backstories, claiming that Georgeois Bourgeois and Maurice Maurice are siblings who killed their parents in a freak accident during the Great Storm of 1987.
This was followed quickly followed by Can't Dance at Sadler's Wells in Islington, London in December 2010. Can't Dance used video contributions from choreographers Lil' Tim and the BalletBoyz and performance artist David Hoyle.
The duo performed at the Glasgay! Festival in 2011. In December 2011 they released a parody of the John Lewis Christmas advert through Time Out.
Bourgeois & Maurice won the Best Music-Based Act title at the 2012 London Cabaret Awards.
August 2012 they returned to the Fringe with their new show Sugartits. Then toured with another show We Started A Band with two extra members on drums and guitar.
They toured Sugartits around the UK as well as playing Adelaide Cabaret Festival in the summer of 2013, followed by a two-week run at Soho Theatre in September.
In 2014 the duo announced they were working on a full length musical.
The duo were commissioned to produce their first full length musical Insane Animals which was performed at HOME in late February and early March 2020. The production completed its sold out run before theatres were closed due to coronavirus. To celebrate pride in 2020 the duo and the cast released "Gay for You" from the production on YouTube. Later in 2020 the duo and the cast came back together to record the soundtrack to Insane Animals which was released in March 2021. The duo hope to bring Insane Animals back to theatres as soon as COVID-19 allows.
Music
The duo have released four studio albums: Musical Couture in March 2009, Shedding Skin in January 2011, The Third in March 2013 and How to Save the World Without Really Trying in 2017.
Discography
Musical Couture – 2009
"Cyber Lament"
"I Can't Live in London"
"Little Pins"
"What Would You Do?"
"Ritalin"
"Girls in Neon"
"Valerie"
"All The Boys"
"Don't Go To Art School"
"Addicted"
"Celebrity"
"Dull People"
"If You Don't Know What To Do With Your Life"
"Forget You"
Shedding Skin – 2010
"C.H.A.O.S"
"As Far As I Can See"
"Retro"
"Maurice's Happy Song"
"The Lady Ballad"
"Satanic Organic"
"Lizard Men"
"Out Outfit You"
"Black Rope"
"Take Me Away"
"Life"
The Third – 2013
"Started A Band"
"Apocalypso"
"C.H.A.O.S" (The Third Version)
"Tax Me"
"Goodbye Europe"
"Song for a Friend"
"We Want Love"
"Social Networks" (Make Me Feel Shit Sometimes)
"The Lizard Men" (The Third Version)
"Ritalin" (The Third Version)
"Privacy's For Paedos"
"Tolerance"
"Forget You" (The Third Version)
References
External links
The Guardian – Bourgeois and Maurice Guide to the Christmas Party Season
British cabaret performers
East Gate Square is a shopping center complex located along the border between Moorestown and Mount Laurel in New Jersey. East Gate Square is adjacent to the Moorestown Mall and is accessible from Interstate 295, Route 38, and Route 73.
The shopping complex consists of six buildings with a total of of retail space. The six shopping centers were developed by BPG Properties between 1992 and 2002, and the first one opened in 1993.
Buildings
Phase I –
Phase II –
Phase III –
Phase IV –
Phase V –
Phase VI –
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Burlington County, New Jersey
Moorestown, New Jersey
Mount Laurel, New Jersey
Shopping malls established in 1993
Shopping malls in New Jersey
1993 establishments in New Jersey
Wolgamot is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Earl Wolgamot (1892–1970), American baseball player and manager
John Barton Wolgamot (1910–1980), American poet
Rancho Pescadero (also called Rancho San Antonio) was a Mexican land grant in present-day San Mateo County, California, given in 1833 by Governor José Figueroa to Juan José Gonzales. At the time, the grant was in Santa Cruz County; an 1868 boundary adjustment gave the land to San Mateo County. The name means fishing place. The grant extended along the Pacific coast from Pomponio Creek on the north to Butano Creek and Rancho Butano on the south, and encompassed present day Pescadero.
History
Juan José Gonzales, came to California with his father José Manuel Gonzales, as settlers on the 1775 De Anza Expedition. In 1833, Juan José Gonzales was mayordomo of the Mission Santa Cruz. Under Mexican rule, substantial changes in California society began, including the dismantling of the mission properties and expansion of colonists into California's former mission landholdings. Settlers petitioned for land grants, and between the years of 1834 and 1836 alone the Mexican Congress released a million acres of mission lands to private ownership. Without the authority of the missions, the Indians lost any potential claim to their lands. The Former Mission cattle ranches at Pescadero and Año Nuevo were ultimately divided into three separate Mexican Period land grants deeded to Mexican citizens. These new land divisions included Rancho San Antonio- or Pescadero, Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo, and Rancho Butano.
He received a grant for the former Mission Santa Cruz pasture land, when the Mission was secularized. He built an adobe house on the eastern side of the property near Pescadero Creek and a wood-frame house near Butano Creek, where his vaqueros lived. Gonzales was an absentee ranchero who lived with his large family of thirteen children near Mission Santa Cruz, while vaqueros and other laborers tended to the rancho.
A claim for Rancho Pescadero was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852. Gonzales had originally requested a four square league grant, from Rancho San Gregorio on the north to Rancho Punta del Año Nuevo on the south; yet the grant papers specified the grant as only one league along the coast by three quarters of a league wide. Gonzales unsuccessfully appealed to the US Supreme Court in 1859, and the grant for three quarters of a square league was patented to Juan José Gonzales in 1866.
In 1852, Juan Gonzales deeded a small portion of the Pescadero grant to family members, and sold of the valley floor to the Moore family. Alexander Moore (1823–1902) came overland from Missouri to California in 1847, and moved to Pescadero in 1850. In 1860, the Bartlett Weeks Family, natives of Maine who came to California in 1859 purchased 157 acres of what is now downtown Pescadero and became neighbors with Moore who had already built his house on the north side of Pescadero Creek in 1853. Clearly the influx of American and other settlers was transforming the coastal area into a mosaic of subdivided properties.
References
External links
Diseño del Rancho San Antonio o' Pescadero at the Bancroft Library
Pescadero (Gonzales)
Pescadero
Pescadero
Pescadero
Lieutenant-General Robert William Lowry (20 March 1824 – 8 June 1905) was a British Army officer who became colonel of the Royal Berkshire Regiment (Princess Charlotte of Wales's).
Military career
Educated in Dungannon and Belfast, Lowry was commissioned into the 47th (Lancashire) Regiment of Foot and served with his regiment in the Crimean War in Winter 1854 and then in Malta in January 1857. He commanded field forces in the Fenian raids in 1866. He became colonel of the Royal Berkshire Regiment (Princess Charlotte of Wales's) in 1894 and died in 1905.
References
British Army lieutenant generals
1905 deaths
Royal Berkshire Regiment officers
Companions of the Order of the Bath
1824 births
National Geographic Wild is a Canadian English-language Category B specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment and National Geographic Global Networks. The channel airs programming devoted to wildlife, nature, and animals.
History
In April 2010, Canwest (the majority owner and operator of the Canadian version of National Geographic Channel) had requested the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to add the U.S. version of Nat Geo Wild to the list of available foreign channels permitted to broadcast in Canada. Both High Fidelity HDTV (the owner of Oasis HD) and CTV Speciality Television Inc. (the major owner of the Canadian version of Animal Planet) sent letters to CRTC to oppose the request because they considered Nat Geo Wild to be competitive with Oasis HD and Animal Planet. Canwest was acquired by Shaw Communications later that year. The CRTC denied the application on February 15, 2011.
In October 2011, NGC Channel Inc. (a company owned by Shaw and National Geographic Channel in the U.S.) put forth its own application to the CRTC in order to launch a Canadian version of Nat Geo Wild. The licence was approved by the CRTC on April 13, 2012. Neither High Fidelity HDTV nor Bell Media voiced a concern about Nat Geo Wild competing with their services.
On April 30, 2012, Shaw released a statement that the Canadian version of Nat Geo Wild was scheduled to be launched on May 7, 2012. The channel was launched in standard and high definition. Bell Aliant Fibe TV is the only provider no to carry the channel.
On April 1, 2016, Shaw Media was sold to Corus Entertainment.
Nat Geo Wild was rebranded as National Geographic Wild in 2019.
Logo
Programming
Noted series
Dr. Oakley, Yukon Vet
Dogs with Jobs
The Incredible Dr. Pol
Totally Wild
Zoo Diaries
References
External links
English-language television stations in Canada
Digital cable television networks in Canada
Television channels and stations established in 2012
Corus Entertainment networks
National Geographic (American TV channel)
2012 establishments in Canada
The men's shot put event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 16 August.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification: 19.00 m (Q) or at least 12 best (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
Qualification Group A results
Qualification Group B results
Final results
Shot
2011
The 1940–41 Latvian Higher League season was a season of the Latvian Higher League. It was interrupted by the Soviet Union invasion.
Participants
Rīgas FK
Rigas Vilki
FK ASK
VEF
Hakoah
US
RKSB
RAFS
Lokomotive
Olimpija
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1941 in Latvian football
1940 in Latvian football
Latvia
Mohammed Hamudi Bajaber (born 15 March 2003) is a Kenyan football player who turns out for Kenyan Premier League side Nairobi City Stars.
Career
Bajaber is a part of Starfield Academy in Parklands. In August 2021 it was reported that he attended trials at Danish top tier side FC Midtjylland.
In February 2022 he joined Nairobi City Stars on a short-term loan deal from Starfield Academy to the end of the season after spending weeks training with the club.
He earned his Premier League debut on 15 May 2022 in Ruaraka against Tusker, and earned his first start in Thika against AFC Leopards on 6 June 2022.
References
Living people
2003 births
Kenyan footballers
Nairobi City Stars players
Kenyan Premier League players
"Bangun Pemudi Pemuda" is an Indonesian patriotic song which was created by Alfred Simanjuntak, and to this day the song is still echoed, as in every celebration of Independence on 17 August and Youth Pledge on 28 October.
History
The melody of Bangun Pemudi Pemuda was taken from the school march of the Sekolah Rakyat Sempurna Indonesia (lit. the Indonesian School for the Perfection of the People), the tune of which was also composed by Simanjuntak. Simanjuntak argued that the people of Indonesia needed to experience a nascent spirit of patriotism, instead of just the six classes at the SRSI. The song's title (Pemudi-Pemuda, lit. Female Youth-Male Youth) was derived from the fact that several European languages use the fixed order of "ladies and gentlemen", incl. Dutch, and that inspired Simanjuntak to put a Pemudi in front of the Pemuda (usually the only term used in Indonesian for 'youth'.) Simanjuntak was put on a hit list by the Japanese military police as a direct result of this song, but it was never carried out, and he discovered the fact after independence.
Lyrics
Usage on Media Television as Public Service Advertisement
Starting in year 2016, Ishadi SK given enough for work to make Public Service Advertisement from ATVSI containing National Anthem. After that, ATVSI and CNN Indonesia want to make the project of Public Service Advertisement that used the Bangun Pemudi Pemuda song, And accompanied by Judika, Joe Taslim, Susi Susanti, Duta Sheila On 7, and friends as the Talent Player. The National Anthem that makes Ishadi SK was known by public and Television Station Viewers.
The song Bangun pemudi pemuda was singing by All Star Artists, Actors and Badminton Athlete (Starring Judika, Joe Taslim, Glenn Fredly (Alm), Susi Susanti, Alan Budikusuma, Marcell, Duta Sheila On 7, HIVI) which used as Public Service Advertisement by ATVSI since 2016 Was broadcasting by National TV Stations (RCTI, SCTV, Indosiar, MNCTV, ANTV, Metro TV, Trans TV, Trans7, Global TV & tvOne) and the ending was Ayo Bangkit Untuk Indonesia Gemilang (Let's Arise For A Great Indonesia).
See also
Indonesia Raya
References
Indonesian patriotic songs
Heike Friedrich (born 14 June 1976) is a 4.5 point wheelchair basketball player, who plays for the Mainhatten Skywheelers. She was a professional basketball player who played for TuS Lichterfeld, Wild Cats Aschaffenburg, TV Langen und TV Hofheim. She was with the Bundesliga club TV Langen for five years, and the Germany women's national basketball team for nine years, playing 204 international games. Since taking up wheelchair basketball in 2006, she has played with the German national team which won European titles in 2009 and 2011, and was runner-up in 2013. The team was also runner-up at the IWBF World Championship in Birmingham in 2010, and won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. President Joachim Gauck awarded the team Germany's highest sporting honour, the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt (Silver Laurel Leaf).
Biography
Heike Friedrich was born in Berlin on 14 June 1976. She was a professional basketball player who played for TuS Lichterfeld, Wild Cats Aschaffenburg, TV Langen und TV Hofheim. She was with the Bundesliga club TV Langen for five years, and the Germany women's national basketball team for nine years, playing 204 international games. She injured her right knee in a game in Saarlouis in 1995. After a series of X-rays, scans and MRIs, she had surgery on the knee at in Berlin. She returned to playing, but problems and complications occurred, and her cruciate ligaments tore. She had surgery eight more times. By 2006, her lower right calf muscles had become partly paralysed due to nerve damage.
Friedrich began playing wheelchair basketball on 2006. In 2007, she joined Team 99 Aschaffenburg. Since 2009, she has played for the Mainhatten Skywheelers in Frankfurt. Classified as a 4.5 point player, Friedrich plays center. She joined the national wheelchair basketball team, which was coached by Holger Glinicki, in 2009, playing in the European Wheelchair Basketball Championship at Stoke Mandeville in Great Britain in the August of that year. The German team went on to become silver medallists at the Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Birmingham in 2010.
She was part of the team that won the European Championships in Nazareth, Israel, in 2011, thereby qualifying for the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London. As part of the team's preparation, they toured the United States and Australia. In the Gold Medal match in London, the team faced the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, who had defeated them 48–46 in Sydney just a few months before, in front of a capacity crowd of over 12,000 at the North Greenwich Arena.
The German team had been undefeated up to that point, but had started off slow in its games against the United States and China, winning these games by six-point margins, and seemed to play its best basketball only in the final minutes of a game. They defeated the Australians 44–58 in front of a crowd of over 12,000 at the North Greenwich Arena to win the gold medal, the first that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball since 1984. They were awarded Germany's highest sporting honour, the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt (Silver Laurel Leaf) by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012, and were named Team of the Year for 2012.
The German team lost the European Championship to the Netherlands before a home town crowd of 2,300 in Frankfurt in July 2013 by one point, 56–57. At the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto, Canada, in June 2014, the team won silver after being defeated by Canada in the final.
Achievements
2009: Gold European Championships (Stoke Mandeville, Great Britain)
2010: Silver World Championships (Birmingham, Great Britain)
2011: Gold at the European Championships (Nazareth, Israel)
2012: Gold at the Paralympic Games (London, England)
2013: Silver at the European Championships (Frankfurt, Germany)
2014: Silver at the World Championships (Toronto, Canada)
2015: Gold at the European Championships (Worcester, England)
Awards
2012: Team of the Year
2012: Silver Laurel Leaf
References
External links
1976 births
Basketball players from Berlin
Living people
German women's wheelchair basketball players
Paralympic wheelchair basketball players of Germany
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Germany
Recipients of the Silver Laurel Leaf
Centers (basketball)
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in wheelchair basketball
Azteca diabolica is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Guerrero, Delabie and Dejean in 2010, the species is endemic to Panama.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of North America
Insects described in 2010
In enzymology, an allene-oxide cyclase () is an enzyme that belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically a class of other intramolecular oxidoreductases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is (9Z)-(13S)-12,13-epoxyoctadeca-9,11,15-trienoate isomerase (cyclizing).
The allene oxide of linolenic acid (i.e., (9Z)-(13S)-12,13-epoxyoctadeca-9,11,15-trienoate) is converted by allene oxide cyclase to jasmonic acid ((15Z)-12-oxophyto-10,15-dienoate).
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 6 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.3.99
Enzymes of known structure
Luigi Colausig (4 March 1914 – 27 July 1991), known as Gino Colaussi (), was an Italian footballer who played as a striker. He was the first player to score multiple goals in a World Cup final.
Club career
Colaussi was born in Gradisca d'Isonzo, Friuli-Venezia Giulia. He was a striker in Serie A for USC Triestina, Juventus and Vicenza, and also played in Serie B with Padova.
International career
Colaussi represented the Italy national football team at the gold winning 1933–35 Central European International Cup & at the 1938 FIFA World Cup. He scored a goal in Italy's quarterfinal and semifinal victories, and two in the victorious final, contributing to his nation's second World Cup title with a total of four goals.
Death
Colaussi died in Opicina, near Trieste.
Honours
Club
Juventus
Coppa Italia: 1941–42
International
Italy
FIFA World Cup: 1938
Central European International Cup: 1933–35
References
1914 births
1991 deaths
People from Gradisca d'Isonzo
1938 FIFA World Cup players
FIFA World Cup-winning players
Association football forwards
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
Calcio Padova players
Juventus F.C. players
Ternana Calcio players
Ternana Calcio managers
Serie A players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 managers
Italian football managers
Footballers from Friuli Venezia Giulia
Patrick Coulombe (born April 23, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Ducs d'Angers of the French Ligue Magnus.
Playing career
As a youth, Coulombe played in the 1998 and 1999 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournaments with the Rimouski Océanic minor ice hockey team.
Coulombe played junior ice hockey with the Rimouski Océanic of the QMJHL, joining them in 2001. In his draft year of 2002–03, he emerged as a key component of the Océanic blueline and was selected to represent Canada at the IIHF World U18 Championships. However, he was passed over in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft as he was judged to be too small to play defence effectively at the pro level. This would be the first of three times he would be passed over in the draft.
For the 2003–04, Rimouski added junior phenom Sidney Crosby to their roster and instantly became one of the top teams in the QMJHL. Coulombe was a beneficiary of this, as he became a fixture on the Océanic powerplay and his numbers skyrocketed. By 2004–05, Coulombe was one of the highest scoring defenders in the league, finishing with 8 goals and 68 points as Rimouski romped to both the regular-season and playoff QMJHL championships before losing in the Memorial Cup to the London Knights.
In 2005–06, Coulombe was dealt mid-season to the Chicoutimi Saguenéens, as Rimouski began to rebuild after Crosby left for the NHL. He would again set career highs with 23 goals and 77 points, although Chicoutimi failed in their bid to reach the Memorial Cup.
At the conclusion of his junior career, Coulombe signed a pro contract with the Manitoba Moose of the AHL. As the Moose are the minor-pro affiliate of the Vancouver Canucks, Coulombe received an opportunity to attend the Canucks' rookie camp and training camp. Still not considered NHL material before this chance, he surprised Canuck management with his performance and ended up being the team's final cut on the eve of the 2005–06 NHL season.
Coulombe was returned to Manitoba, but signed an NHL contract with the Canucks on October 31, 2006, and was called up to Vancouver when their blueline suffered an injury crunch. He made his NHL debut on November 9, 2006, against the Anaheim Ducks.
Coulombe is a small, quick defender with above-average passing and skating skills. He is especially effective playing the point on the powerplay. Undersized for an NHL defender, he continues to work on his strength in dealing with larger forwards.
On July 1, 2014, Coulombe left the Austrian Hockey League after two seasons with HDD Olimpija Ljubljana and the Graz 99ers to sign a one-year contract with French club, Dragons de Rouen of the Ligue Magnus.
International play
Coulombe represented Canada at the 2003 IIHF World U18 Championships, recording 2 points and a +5 rating in 7 games en route to a gold medal, Canada's first ever in the tournament.
Coulombe was also an invite to the training camp for Canada's entry in the 2005 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. However, the team was extremely deep owing to the 2004–05 NHL lockout and he was a late cut.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Binghamton Senators players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Chicoutimi Saguenéens (QMJHL) players
Dragons de Rouen players
Ducs d'Angers players
Elmira Jackals (ECHL) players
Graz 99ers players
HDD Olimpija Ljubljana players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Manitoba Moose players
Milwaukee Admirals players
People from Bas-Saint-Laurent
Rimouski Océanic players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Vålerenga Ishockey players
Vancouver Canucks players
Victoria Salmon Kings players
Yuanshen Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Yuanshen Road and Pudong Avenue in Pudong, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Modugno Città is a railway station in Modugno, Italy. The station is located on the Bari–Taranto railway and Bari–Matera railway. The train services are operated by Trenitalia and Ferrovie Appulo Lucane.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
Local services (Treno regionale) Bari - Gioia del Colle - Taranto
Local services (Treno regionale) Bari - Altamura - Gravina - Potenza
Local services (Treno regionale) Bari - Altamura - Matera
References
This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at September 2014.
Railway stations in Apulia
Buildings and structures in the Province of Bari
"Systemagic" is a song performed by English group Goldfrapp, taken from their seventh studio album Silver Eye (2017). It was released as the album's second single on 12 May 2017 by Mute Records. The song was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory, with additional production coming from John Congleton.
Music video
A music video was released on 24 April 2017.
Track listing
"Systemagic" / "Anymore" (Remixes Pt. 1) digital download
"Systemagic" (Hannah Holland Remix) – 7:34
"Anymore" (Ralphi Rosario Tek Vocal Mix) – 7:01
"Systemagic" / "Anymore" (Remixes Pt. 2) digital download
"Systemagic" (Ralphi Rosario Lunar Eclipse Mix) – 6:58
"Anymore" (Whatever/Whatever Remix by Justin Strauss & Bryan Mette) – 7:54
UK promo CD
"Systemagic" (Radio Edit 1) – 3:33
UK promo CD
"Systemagic" (Radio Edit 2) – 3:38
References
External links
2017 singles
2017 songs
Goldfrapp songs
Songs written by Alison Goldfrapp
Songs written by Will Gregory
Mute Records singles
Song recordings produced by John Congleton
Whitethorn or white thorn may refer to:
Plants
Acacia constricta, known as whitethorn acacia, a shrub in the family Fabaceae
Bursaria spinosa, a small shrub in the family Pittosporaceae
Ceanothus leucodermis, a shrub in the family Rhamnaceae
Crataegus monogyna, the common hawthorn, a small tree in the family Rosaceae
Crataegus punctata
Other
Whitethorn, California, United States
Whitethorn (Blacksburg, Virginia), U.S., a historic house
Whitethorn Woods, 2006 novel by Maeve Binchy
See also
Whyte Thorne
The Battle of Kock's Plantation (also spelled Cox's Plantation and Saint Emma Plantation) was a battle fought July 12–13, 1863, in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, during the American Civil War. It was part of a campaign entitled "Taylor's Operations in West Louisiana (1863)." The Confederate States Army victory left them in control of much of the interior of the Acadiana region.
Following the surrender of Port Hudson, two Union divisions were shifted to Donaldsonville by transports, to move inland and pacify the interior. They marched up Bayou Lafourche, a division on each bank. Confederate Brig. Gen. Tom Green posted a brigade on the east side of the bayou and placed his second brigade on the other side.
As the Union forces advanced, skirmishing occurred on July 11 and 12. On the morning of the 13th, a foraging detachment set out along both banks of the bayou. Upon reaching Kock's Plantation (Saint Emma Plantation), they met Rebel skirmishers that forced them back. Then, Green's Confederates flung their might against the Union troops, which kept retiring although they tried to make stands at various points. The Union troops eventually fell back to the protection of the guns in Fort Butler at Donaldsonville, about six miles from Kock's Plantation. A much smaller Rebel force had routed the Yankees. The expedition failed, leaving the Confederates in control of the interior.
Estimated casualties: 463 total (US 430; CS 33)
The restored plantation house, built in 1847 by a leading sugar planter, is maintained as a private museum filled with period furnishings. It is located on Highway 1 South near Donaldsonville.
References
External links
CWSAC Report Update - Louisiana
Saint Emma Plantation National Park Service
Kock's Plantation
Kock's Plantation
Kock's Plantation
Kock's Plantation
Ascension Parish, Louisiana
1863 in Louisiana
July 1863 events
General elections were held in Guatemala on 7 November 1999, with a second round of the presidential elections on 26 December. Alfonso Portillo won the presidential elections, whilst his Guatemalan Republican Front also won the Congressional elections. Voter turnout was 53.8% on 7 November and 40.4% on 26 December.
Media owner Remigio Ángel González gave more than $2.6 million and free airtime to Alfonso Portillo's campaign, which led to some political analysts to claim that the free adverts helped Portillo win the election. After becoming president, Portillo appointed Gonzalez's brother-in-law Luis Rabbé to the post of Minister of Communications, Infrastructure and Housing, a post which included responsibility for overseeing the broadcast media. The presidential election also established a pattern for the next 16 years in which the runner-up of the previous contest then went on to win.
Results
President
Congress
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook of the world 1999. New York, 2000.
Elections in Guatemala
Guatemala
1999 in Guatemala
Presidential elections in Guatemala
Cineworld Dublin is the biggest cinema in Ireland, with 4 floors and 17 screens. It is located on Parnell Street, Dublin and is owned by the Cineworld cinema chain.
It was opened by Virgin Cinemas in 1995 as Virgin Cinemas Dublin, the only cinema that was opened by Virgin Cinemas in Ireland.
In 1999, the Virgin Group sold Virgin Cinemas to French cinema chain, UGC. All Virgin Cinemas were rebranded as UGC and Virgin Cinemas Dublin was renamed UGC Dublin in 1999.
The current front entrance was originally opened as a separate IMAX 70mm cinema in about 1998. It was bought by the UGC cinema next door and converted into UGC's replacement front entrance. The one IMAX screen was converted into 5+ extra cinemas (to add to UGC's existing screens), a bar, shop, and ticketing area. In 2012 screen 17 on the top floor was refurbished to support digital IMAX (smaller, lower resolution than 70mm IMAX film). It is considerably smaller in size than the original IMAX screen housed by the building.
In 2004, UGC's UK and Ireland operations were taken over by Cineworld. In 2005, the UGC cinemas in the UK and Ireland were rebranded as Cineworld. UGC Dublin was renamed Cineworld Dublin.
References
External links
Cineworld Dublin
Cinemas in Dublin (city)
Amarjit Singh (born 29 August 1970) is a male British former wrestler.
Wrestling career
Singh competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics where he finished in 13th place in the men's super-heavyweight division. He represented England and won a bronze medal in the 100kg+ super-heavyweight division, at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. Eight years later he competed in his home Commonwealth Games at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
Personal life
In April 2014 Singh was jailed for six-and-a-half years for possessing prohibited firearms and ammunition.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Great Britain
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
British male sport wrestlers
Commonwealth Games medallists in wrestling
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Wrestlers at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Wrestlers at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Kilsyth is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It elects three councillors and covers the town of Kilsyth (plus neighbouring Croy) with a population of 13,772 in 2019. Created in 2007, its boundaries remained unchanged in a 2017 review.
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
In July 2020 SNP councillor Mark Kerr was charged with five counts of historic sexual abuse by Police Scotland. This generated significant coverage in various national news outlets and Mr Kerr subsequently stepped down from the SNP, identifying as an Independent councillor from then on. He made no plea at his initial court hearing.
2012 Election
2007 Election
2008 by-election
Labour's Francis Griffin died on 10 November 2007. Mark Griffin held the seat for the party in the resulting by-election on 31 January 2008.
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Kilsyth
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1962–63 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1962–63 in Bahraini football
The Azio-class minelayer was a class of six minelayers conceived in 1920 and built between 1924 and 1927 in Italy for the Regia Marina. The ships were conceived for colonial purposes and in this role they spent almost the whole Italian career. Some units were sold to the Bolivarian Navy of Venezuela where they served until their decommissioning and scrapping in the early 1950s.
Project
These units had a standard displacement of 615 t, between 708 and 718t in normal load, 954 t full load (850 t according to other sources). Their waterline length was , with a length overall of about , a beam of , a draught of between and . Steam was provided by 2 Thornycroft tube boilers and they were propelled by 2 vertical triple-expansion reciprocating steam engines with a power of ; they had 2 screws and a maximum speed of , giving a range of at 10 knots. They were manned by 5 officers and 66 ratings.
Ships were built at Monfalcone, near Trieste, in the Cantiere Navale Triestino (CNT Shipyard) and at Ancona, on the central Italian coast, in the Cantiere Navale Riuniti (CNR, Ancona).
The CNT ships (Dardanelli, Millazo and Ostia) were oil-fired, while the CNR ships (Azio, Legnano and Ostia) were coal-fired.
Units
Azio
Legnano
Ostia
Dardanelli
Milazzo
History
Ships of the class spent their Italian career on colonial duty, with Lepanto deployed to China. In 1937 Milazzo and Dardanelli were converted to oil-firing and sold to the Venezuelan Navy in exchange of a great amount of naphtha for boilers.
Lepanto was extensively used in China, and when the Second World War broke out, was still there unscathed, Italy being allied with Japan. After the surrender of Italy to the Allies on 8 September 1943, Lepanto was scuttled by her crew, but was raised by the Japanese. She was renamed Okitsu (Japanese: 興津) and used for escort duties for the rest of conflict. She was then seized by the Republic of China Navy and renamed Hsien Ning (咸寧). In July 1950 Hsien Ning seized a British merchantman. Struck in 1956, the ship was scrapped in the same year.
Ostia was assigned to support the Italian Red Sea Flotilla based at the port of Massawa, Eritrea. After the Italian declaration of war, the flotilla was isolated from the Italian homeland and continued supply and reinforcement became very difficult. Ostia was eventually sunk in Massawa harbor by British air attacks before the surrender of the port in April 1941, still carrying a full cargo of mines.
Dardanelli was rechristened General Soublette, while Milazzo become General Urdaneta. Both were reclassified gunboats. These units were the only relatively new vessels of the Venezuelan Navy, and spent their Venezuelan career patrolling territorial waters until their decommissioning in the late 1940s or early 1950s and scrapping.
References
External links
Azio-class minelayer Marina Militare website
Naval ships of Venezuela
Minelayers of Italy
Ships built in Italy
Ships built by Cantieri Navali del Tirreno e Riuniti
Gunboats of the Imperial Japanese Navy
Steve Ellis (born 29 February 1968) is a British lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1994 World Rowing Championships in Indianapolis with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1968 births
Living people
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Clemens Markets was a supermarket chain in the Philadelphia area, founded in 1939. It was family-owned from the founding of its first store in Lansdale, Pennsylvania to the sale of the company in 2006.
History
Clemens was one of three independent supermarket chains to identify as "family markets" in Greater Philadelphia. Another was Genuardi's, which was sold to Safeway Inc. in 2000. The last one was Giunta's, which went out of business soon after Clemens. During the 1980s and 1990s, Clemens expanded by opening many new locations; eventually Clemens operated 20 supermarkets in three Pennsylvania counties, moving its headquarters to Kulpsville, Pennsylvania in 1993. The chain eventually acquired many Thriftway/Shop 'n Bag franchises. Many of these were also former Acme, A&P, Food Fair, and Penn Fruit stores. Clemens later acquired many former Shop 'n Save stores which themselves started as Super G. In 1999, it introduced its upscale FoodSource division, which had three locations. One of these stores was a former Zagara's, a gourmet supermarket chain itself a division of Genuardi's and later Safeway.
Sale
In late 2006, Clemens was acquired by Giant-Carlisle, but several of its stores in Montgomery and Bucks counties in Pennsylvania were sold to Super Fresh. Two of the three FoodSource stores have been closed since the buyout. The remaining store is now owned by Giant Food Stores.
References
External links
Clemens Family Markets Website (archive)
Clemens Logo
Defunct supermarkets of the United States
Companies based in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
American companies established in 1939
Retail companies disestablished in 2006
1939 establishments in Pennsylvania
Retail companies established in 1939
The Korea University Medical Center (KUMC) is a collection of several hospitals, as well as the College of Medicine and College of Nursing associated with Korea University in Seoul, South Korea.
History
Research
Education
References
Korea University
Teaching hospitals in South Korea
Hospital networks
Hospitals in Seoul
Richard de Ferings (died 1306), was the Archbishop of Dublin.
Ferings was an official of the archdiocese of Canterbury, in which capacity he won the friendship of Archbishop John Peckham. In 1279 he was present at the Council of Reading. In 1280 he was also for a short time an official of the diocese of Winchester, having been appointed by Peckham during a vacancy of the bishopric; but before long Peckham found him so indispensable that he brought him back to Canterbury, and put Adam of Hales into the post at Winchester. Next year Peckham made him Archdeacon of Canterbury, and in 1284 gave him the rectory of Tunstall, near Sittingbourne, Kent, to be held in commendam with the archdeaconry.
Ferings remained archdeacon until 1299, when he was appointed by Pope Boniface VIII to the archbishopric of Dublin. The feuds of the two rival chapters of Christ Church Cathedral and St Patrick's Cathedral had long made the elections to that see constant subjects of disputes. In 1297 William of Hothum, himself a nominee of the pope after a contested election, died soon after his consecration. Early in 1298 the canons of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin elected their Prior, Adam of Belsham, and St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin chose their Dean, Thomas de Chaddesworth, for whom the canons had previously tried to secure the archbishopric in 1295. In their hurry, neither body had secured the royal licence to elect. Both were accordingly summoned to answer for contempt of court, and the temporalities of Christ Church were for a time seized by King Edward I. Ferings's appointment by the pope was consequently not opposed by the king. His consecration was probably abroad, as it is not noticed in the English authorities, though the date is given as 1299 in the 'Annals of Ireland' published with the 'Chartulary of St. Mary's Abbey, Dublin'.
It was not, however, until June 1300 that Ferings received from the crown the temporalities of his see, after renunciation of all the words in the bull of appointment which were prejudicial to the royal authority.
Ferings spent little of his time in Ireland. His conciliatory temper led him to several attempts to make peace with disappointed candidates and angry chapters. Even before his consecration he had appointed his old rival, Thomas de Chaddesworth, his Vicar General, though he subsequently feared lest the infirmities of age made him unfit for the post (he had been in the service of the Crown since about 1260), and urged the canons of St. Patrick's and Chaddesworth himself to recommend a fit substitute if he were incapable. In 1300 he succeeded in persuading the canons of St. Patrick's and the monks of Christ Church to agree to a 'final and full concord,' which, while recognising that both churches were of metropolitical and cathedral rank, gave Christ Church, as the elder foundation, a certain honorary precedence. The arrangement became permanent. (The composition is printed in Mason's 'St. Patrick's,' App. vi.) It was perhaps to conciliate the wounded pride of St. Patrick's that he continued to make Chaddesworth his vicar-general during his frequent absences abroad. In 1303 he also endowed St. Patrick's with the new prebends of Stagonil and Tipperkevin, the latter of which supported two prebendaries, and in 1304 he exempted the prebendal churches from the visitations of Dean and Archdeacon (Mason, St. Patrick's, App. iii. sec. vi.). In the same year, he also confirmed the arrangements of his predecessors in reference to St. Patrick's (Hist. MSS. Comm. 10th Rep. pt. v. p. 217).
In 1302 he resigned to Edmund Butler the manor of Hollywood, near Dublin, which had for some time been in the possession of the see. In 1303 Ferings was summoned to the English parliament in his capacity of archbishop of Dublin. There are other precedents for this somewhat unusual course. His absence from Ireland was so far recognised by the king that he gave Ferings special permission to have the revenues of his see sent to England for his support, and in letters of protection granted to him Edward speaks of his being in England 'by the king's order'. During his archbishopric the great valuation of the Irish churches was gradually taken. He died on 17 October 1306.
References
13th-century births
1306 deaths
Archbishops of Dublin
Archdeacons of Canterbury
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
13th-century English clergy
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Bare is a solo album by Wayne Hussey, released in 2008. It contains a mixture of songs by the Mission and cover versions from bands including The Beach Boys and U2, plus one new song, "One Thing Leads to Another".
Track listing
"A Night Like This" (The Cure cover) – 3:40
"Keep It in the Family" – 4:53
"Black Mountain Mist" – 3:16
"With or Without You" (U2 cover) – 5:25
"Shelter from the Storm" – 3:53
"Garden of Delight" – 3:53
"God Only Knows" (The Beach Boys cover) – 4:00
"Absolution" – 4:51
"Stars Don't Shine without You" – 2:55
"My Funny Valentine" (cover version of the popular show tune from the musical Babes in Arms) – 3:20
"Bird of Passage" – 5:51
"Grotesque" – 5:34
"One Thing Leads to Another" – 4:47
Personnel
Produced, Engineered and mixed by Wayne Hussey
Cellos on "Grotesque" arranged and performed by Caroline Dale and recorded by John Reynolds
Mastered by Maor Appelbaum
References
2008 debut albums
The 1948 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1948 college football season. The William & Mary Indians finished the regular season ranked #17 in the AP Poll after their 9–0 win over Arkansas. Also notably, Indians tied #3 North Carolina, 7–7, in Chapel Hill.
Schedule
NFL Draft selections
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
The Daini Hanna Road () is a toll road in Osaka and Nara prefectures. It serves as an alternate route to Japan National Route 308 under rather than over the Kuragari Pass. The road is managed by the West Nippon Expressway Company and is numbered E92 under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism's "2016 Proposal for Realization of Expressway Numbering."
Route description
The Daini Hanna Road begins in Higashiōsaka at the eastern terminus of the Higashi-Osaka Route of the Hanshin Expressway just west of the Keihanna Line's Shin-Ishikiri Station. Here the road is connected to Routes 170 and 308. The toll road then enters the Hanna Tunnel which makes up nearly half of the route. Halfway through the tunnel the road leaves Osaka Prefecture and enters Nara Prefecture. Emerging at the eastern end of the tunnel the toll road has a junction in Ikoma with Route 168 that is divided by a toll booth. Shortly after, the road passes through Muronoki Tunnel and into the city of Nara. The road has another junction and passes through another tunnel before coming to its eastern terminus at Route 308 (Hanna Road).
For the entire length of the toll road the speed limit is set at 60 km/h. The road features 2 lanes of traffic travelling in each direction.
History
After opening, the Daini Hanna Road was managed by the Osaka and Nara Prefecture Road Corporations, but on 1 April 2019 the management of the road was transferred to the West Nippon Expressway Company.
Junction list
TB= Toll booth
|colspan="8" style="text-align: center;"|Through to Hanshin Expressway Higashi-Osaka Route
References
See also
Japan National Route 308
West Nippon Expressway Company
Roads in Osaka Prefecture
Roads in Nara Prefecture
Toll roads in Japan
Peter Menkhorst is an Australian ecologist and an authority on Australian mammals and birds. He is experienced in wildlife management, including management of over-abundant Koalas, and in threatened species recovery; he has developed recovery plans and led recovery teams for a number of species including the Orange-bellied Parrot; Helmeted Honeyeater, Regent Honeyeater, Mountain Pygmy Possum and Brush-tailed Rock Wallaby. Menkhorst is also a natural history author and recently co-authored The Australian Bird Guide.
Career
Menkhorst graduated in 1973 with a Bachelor of Science from Monash University majoring in Botany and Zoology. He has over 40 years experience in fauna survey and ecological research conducted for the Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning and its predecessors. In 2018 he was a program leader in the Community Ecology Section at the Arthur Rylah Institute for Environmental Research, leading the Waterbird and Wetland Program.
The Waterbird and Wetland program is collecting and analysing long time-series of data from natural and artificial wetlands across Victoria including Western Port, Port Phillip, Western Treatment Plant and Murray Valley to understand the impact of weather patterns and management of land and water on bird populations. The aim is to understand these systems and in doing so help improve conservation outcomes. The team also assists in the management of Duck Hunting in Victoria
Publications
Menkhorst has authored or co-authored field guides to both the birds and the mammals of Australia and has written many scientific papers and unpublished reports - see Google Scholar or Research Gate.
Books by Peter Menkhorst Include:
Mammals of Victoria : Ecology, Distribution and Conservation
Field Guide to Mammals of Australia
The Australian Bird Guide
Menkhorst has also reviewed numerous books for Australian Book Review. Titles reviewed include: Sentinel Chicken by Nobel Laureate Peter Doherty, Where Songs Began by Tim Low and Platypus by Ann Moyal.
Awards
1998 Australian Natural History Medallion
2017 Whitley Medal - Royal Zoological Society of NSW
2019 Australian Honours List Public Service Medal
References
External links
Living people
Australian ecologists
Australian ornithologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zatrephes bicolorata is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1906. It is found in Peru.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1906
Sapahar Govt. College () is a public educational institution based in Sapahar Upazila, Naogaon District, Bangladesh. It was established in 1973 with 15 students and currently serves about 4,000. It is situated at the north-east part of Sapahar and is authorized by the National University. It's the second largest institution in Naogaon District.
Sapahar Govt. College was nationalized in 1984.
See also
Al-Helal Islami Academy & College, Sapahar, Naogaon
Sapahar Pilot High School, Naogaon
References
External links
Amardeshonline.com
Colleges in Naogaon District
Universities and colleges in Naogaon District
Educational institutions established in 1973
1973 establishments in Bangladesh
Waddle is a populated place in Patton Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania, about northwest of State College, and located on Buffalo Run Road (Route 550).
References
Unincorporated communities in Centre County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Max Tyler (born November 17, 1947) is a small business owner and former legislator from Lakewood, Colorado. A Democrat, he was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 2010 after being appointed in May 2009 following the resignation of Gwyn Green and subsequently elected to the post. Term limited, he completed his final term in January 2017. He represented the 23rd district, which covers half of Golden, Applewood and Lakewood within Jefferson County. The district boundaries changed with the decennial reapportionment in 2011, and the new House District 23 includes north and west Lakewood.
Biography
Rep. Tyler was the chairman of the Transportation & Energy Committee and the Joint Technology Committee, which was created by Rep. Tyler during the 2013 legislative session.
He also served on the Appropriations and Public Health Care & Human Services Committee. During the interim Rep. Tyler served as the vice-chair of the Transportation Legislation Review Committee.
He also previously sponsored legislation to improve government efficiency and save the state money. Rep. Tyler has long been a supporter of renewable energy and sponsored many bills to increase energy efficiency, promote renewable energy and increase the number of electric cars.
Rep. Tyler served on the board of directors' of the Denver Chamber of Commerce. He has founded three businesses focused graphic design, computer network support and helping small businesses use their technological resources more efficiently.
Legislative career
2009 appointment
When Rep. Gwyn Green announced her resignation from the legislature in April 2009, she suggested Tyler as one of several possible successors. A vacancy committee, composed of Democratic Party precinct officers and local elected officials, was convened to choose a replacement on May 27, 2009, and selected Tyler. Tyler was sworn in as a member of the state legislature on June 4, 2009.
2010 legislative Session
Tyler was assigned by Speaker of the House Terrance Carroll to serve on the Interim Committee on Hospice and Palliative Care in late 2009, where he worked with members of both parties on bills that would be introduced the following January for the 2010 session. Tyler served on the House Committee on Transportation and Energy and the House Committee on Health and Human Services.
Rep. Tyler's most-significant achievement in 2010 was the passage of House Bill 1001, which increased Colorado's renewable energy standard from 20% to 30% by 2020 and encouraged more investment in distributed generation systems. Also, taking feedback from constituents regarding late vehicle registration fees which were considered to be unreasonably high, he sponsored House Bill 1211, which reduced late fees.
Beginning in 2009, Tyler hosted monthly town hall meetings in both Golden and Lakewood to share information about legislation with his constituents and listen to their feedback. He also hosted a number of coffees with his constituents, sent a regular email newsletter, and conducted several surveys to understand the priorities of the people in House District 23.
2010 election
The 2010 election in House District 23 was among the most-competitive legislative races in Colorado. Tyler defeated Republican challenger Edgar Johansson 53% to 47%. Tyler was sworn into his first full term in the Colorado House of Representatives in January 2011.
2011 legislative session
In January 2011, Tyler was assigned by Minority Leader Sal Pace to serve on the House Committee on Transportation and the House Committee on Economic and Business Development (both renamed by the new Republican majority). He was the ranking Democratic member on the Transportation Committee. Tyler, like many of his colleagues, remained deeply concerned about the Great Recession and focused on legislation to create jobs and save money. In both 2011 and 2012, he attempted to pass bills to fund Colorado's system of small business development centers (https://www.coloradosbdc.org/), but both times the bill was defeated in committees with Republican majorities.
In 2011, Tyler was successful in passing House Bill 1212, which required government agencies to include LEAN government principles in the performance-based budgeting process. The bill was signed by Governor John Hickenlooper on May 13, 2011.
2012 legislative session
In 2012, Rep. Tyler attempted to fund Small Business Development Centers across the state and a bill to establish a Regulator Navigator to help businesses understand and work with various state and local regulations.
2012 election
In the 2012 General Election, Representative Tyler faced Republican challenger Rick Enstrom. Tyler was reelected by a margin of 50% to 44% with libertarian candidate Michael M. Beckerman receiving the remainder of the vote.
2013 legislative session
Rep. Tyler was appointed by Speaker of the House Mark Ferrandino as the Chair of the House Transportation and Energy Committee for the 2013 legislative session. He also sponsored legislation investing $300,000 in Colorado's Small Business Development Centers, which support small businesses across the state and help create jobs.
2014 legislative session
Rep. Tyler successful sponsored legislation to encourage more investment in Colorado's growing advanced industries and a bill to reduce the number of waste tires across the state. He is also an avid supporter of renewable energy and sponsored legislation to encourage more solar gardens and increase energy efficiency schools.
References
External links
Members of the Colorado House of Representatives
Living people
People from Lakewood, Colorado
1947 births
21st-century American politicians
John W. F. M. Huffer (June 15, 1895 – April 23, 1986) was an American military aviator who saw action during the First World War on the ground and in the air. He served with the French armed forces, first with the Foreign Legion and then in the Aeronautique Militaire, before being commissioned into the U.S. Army Air Service in 1917.
Early years
John Huffer was born in Paris, France, on June 15, 1895, to American parents, detail which would allow him to be commissioned into the U.S. Army Air Service after the American entry into the war. He lived in France his entire life, never setting foot in an English-speaking country until after his discharge from the Air Service.
World War I
French service
John Huffer enlisted in the French Foreign Legion on 28 September 1915, where he served for three months before applying for the Aeronautique Militaire on 1 January 1916. He was accepted in short order and received instruction at Pau, Cazeaux and Avord, completing his flight instruction on 1 April 1916, after which he was assigned to Escadrille N95 later that month.
In June 1916, Huffer was reassigned to Escadrille N62, where he would remain until March 1917. While assigned to the N62, Huffer would score three confirmed aerial victories in the squadron's newly-supplied Nieuport fighters. Indeed, although Huffer is credited with four confirmed aerial victories, only the three recorded by the N62 can be verified. Despite leaving the squadron in March 1917, it's not until July of the same year that Huffer returns to the front, this time with Escadrille F36, equipped with Farman reconnaissance aircraft. While assigned to F36, Huffer saw service on the Italian front, conducting reconnaissance missions until his return to France in September 1917.
Returning to France after service on the Italian front with Escadrille F36, Huffer returned to Escadrille 62, newly equipped with Spad fighters and redesignated Escadrille SPA62. Huffer's time with the SPA62 is brief, as on 7 November 1917, Huffer is commissioned into American service. Huffer ended his service with the Aeronautique Militaire holding the rank of sous-lieutenant and was awarded the Médaille militaire and the Croix de Guerre with three Palms and two Stars.
American service
John Huffer was commissioned into the Aviation Section of the Signal Corps as a major in November 1917. On 7 March 1918, Huffer arrived at the newly-formed 94th Aero Squadron of the U.S. Army Air Service to take command. Sources conflict on his predecessor, some claiming Major Raoul Lufbery was in command, but most agreeing that Huffer arrived to replace the acting Commanding Officer of the 94th Aero Squadron, Lt. Henry L. Lyster, effectively making Huffer the first Commanding Officer of the 94th Aero Squadron. Indeed, Major Lufbery was never officially the Commanding Officer of the 94th despite the squadron being formed around him, with Lt. Lyster being the acting C.O. until the arrival of Major Huffer.
Huffer held this post until he was relieved of duty as commanding officer on 5 June 1918 and transferred to the 1st Air Depot at Colombey-les-Belles as Assistant Operations Officer. Sources conflict on the reason for this sudden removal from command. Some claim this was a result of Huffer's non-performance on 19 May 1918, when Lt. Oscar Gude and Major Huffer both failed to shoot down a German observation plane, which in turn shot down and killed Major Lufbery when he attempted to intercept. Others claim, however, that Huffer was forced to return with engine trouble, accounting for his non-performance on that day, as well as noting that his fluency in French was a desirable trait as a liaison officer, landing him at Headquarters Air Service, 1st Army, until July 1918. His brief removal from the front was quickly rectified, however, and on 25 July 1918, Huffer was given command of the 93rd Aero Squadron, command which he held until the end of the war.
As Commanding Officer, Huffer led the 93rd Aero Squadron during the Saint Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne offensives in the fall of 1918. Operating as part of the 1st Pursuit Wing, the 93rd provided air superiority over the battlefield by ensuring the protection of friendly bomber and reconnaissance aircraft, destroying German fighters and reconnaissance aircraft and balloons, and providing direct support to ground troops. Inclement weather mitigated much of the support provided by the 1st Pursuit Wing during the Saint-Mihiel offensive until 14 September. The 93rd, however, was severely hampered by a lack of both experience and material throughout the Saint-Mihiel offensive, a situation that would continue until the Meuse-Argonne offensive and the armistice, though the squadron was nevertheless able to account for eight confirmed kills during the Saint-Mihiel offensive.
Post war life
Court martial
On 28 November 1918, Huffer faced a court martial for the accusations leveled by Major Johnson in June. Huffer allegedly caused a woman by the name of Marcelle Collas, "a common prostitute", to be present at a dance on 22 June 1918, with other U.S. officers and civilians present. The accusations were leveled by Major Davenport Johnson, and were largely seen as a farce due to the ongoing power struggles that involved Johnson (in which Huffer had become unwittingly involved), petty grudges held by Johnson against Huffer, and the difficulty in determining whether Marcelle Collas was indeed a prostitute. Ultimately, Huffer was acquitted.
Dismissal
Shortly after the court martial, Huffer was ordered to the U.S. where he was released from service.
References
Bibliography
Cooke, James J. The U.S. Air Service in the Great War, 1917-1919, (Westport, CT: Praeger Publishers, 1996)
Groom, Winston. The Aviators: Eddie Rickenbacker, Jimmy Doolittle, Charles Lindbergh and the Epic Age of Flight (Washington, D.C.: National Geographic, 2015), pp. 114
Heyn, E.F., Air Aces of the 1914-1918 War The American Section, edited by Captain E.F. Heyn USAF, 86-115. (Fallbrook, CA: Aero Publishers, Inc. 1959), pp. 103
L.R. Franks, Norman, and Frank W. Bailey. Over The Front: A Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914-1918. (London: Grub Street, 1992)
Maurer, Maurer. The U.S. Air Service in World War I: Volume I, (Washington D.C.: Office of Air Force History, 1978), pp. 302–311
Maurer, Maurer. The U.S. Air Service in World War I: Volume III, (Washington D.C.: Office of Air Force History, 1979), pp. 156–158, 278-279, 379-382, 493, 495, 581-581
Whitehouse, Arch. Heroes of the Sunlit Sky, (Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1967) pp. 48–49, 68-69
Woolley, Charles. The Hat in the Ring Gang: The Combat History of the 94th Aero Squadron in World War I, (Atglen, PA: Schiffer Military History, 2001)
1895 births
1986 deaths
United States Army Air Service pilots of World War I
Soldiers of the French Foreign Legion
Aviators from Paris
This is a list of Australian Federal Police officers killed in the line of duty (excluding by suicide).Australian Federal Police personnel killed in the line of duty (excluding by suicide).
List
Notes
References
See also
List of American police officers killed in the line of duty
List of Irish police officers killed in the line of duty
National Police Memorial Australia
External links
National Police Memorial - Honour Roll
Police officers
Australian police officers
Lists of police officers killed in the line of duty
Federal Police killed in the line of duty
Police
Västerås Municipality (Västerås kommun) is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden. Its seat is located in the city of Västerås.
The municipality prefers to use the denomination Västerås stad (City of Västerås) for the whole territory, including rural areas.
The municipality evolved gradually during the municipal reforms in Sweden. Most of the amalgamations took place in 1967 and the municipality in its present form was created in 1971. There are 30 original local government units within the present municipality.
Localities
As of 2018, there were 17 localities in the municipality:
International relations
Twin towns — Sister cities
Västerås is twinned with:
References
External links
Västerås Municipality - Official site
Västerås
Municipalities of Västmanland County
fi:Västerås
SNARK, (SRI's New Automated Reasoning Kit), is a theorem prover for multi-sorted first-order logic intended for applications in artificial intelligence and software engineering, developed at SRI International.
SNARK's principal inference mechanisms are resolution and paramodulation; in addition it offers specialized decision procedures for particular domains, e.g., a constraint solver for Allen's temporal interval logic. In contrast to many other theorem provers is fully automated (non-interactive). SNARK offers many strategic controls for adjusting its search behavior and thus tune its performance to particular applications. This, together with its use of multi-sorted logic and facilities for integrating special-purpose reasoning procedures with general-purpose inference make it particularly suited as reasoner for large sets of assertions.
SNARK is used as reasoning component in the NASA Intelligent Systems Project. It is written in Common Lisp and available under the Mozilla Public License.
See also
Automated reasoning
Automated theorem proving
Computer-aided proof
First-order logic
Formal verification
References
M. Stickel, R. Waldinger, M. Lowry, T. Pressburger, and I. Underwood. "Deductive composition of astronomical software from subroutine libraries." Proceedings of the Twelfth International Conference on Automated Deduction (CADE-12), Nancy, France, June 1994, pages 341–355.
Richard Waldinger, Martin Reddy, and Jennifer Dungan. "Deductive Composition of Multiple Data Sources." May 2002 Progress Report of the Intelligent Data Understanding Research Task, Intelligent System Project, NASA SISM.
R, Waldinger, D. E. Appelt, J. Fry, D. J. Israel, P. Jarvis, D. Martin, S. Riehemann, M. E. Stickel, M. Tyson, J. Hobbs, and J. L. Dungan. "Deductive Question Answering from Multiple Resources." in New Directions in Question Answering, AAAI, 2004.
R. Waldinger, P. Jarvis, and J. Dungan. "Using Deduction to Choreograph Multiple Data Sources." In Semantic Web Technologies for Searching and Retrieving, Sanibel Island, Florida, October 2003.
External links
SNARK homepage at SRI
SNARK tutorial
Free theorem provers
Common Lisp (programming language) software
SRI International software
Robert Law McCartney, KC (born 24 April 1936) is a Northern Irish barrister and Unionist politician who was the founder and leader of the UK Unionist Party (UKUP) from 1995 to 2008.
He was initially a member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) but was expelled in June 1987 when he refused to withdraw from the general election of that year. He stood against the incumbent Popular Unionist Party MP Sir James Kilfedder in North Down as a "Real Unionist" but failed to win the seat.
In the 1995 by-election in North Down after the death of Kilfedder he was elected as a "UK Unionist" defeating the Ulster Unionist Party candidate. He subsequently established the United Kingdom Unionist Party to contest elections to the Northern Ireland Forum and the related talks which started
in 1996. The other party representatives to the Forum were Dr Conor Cruise O'Brien and Cedric Wilson, a former low-level DUP member in the 1980s. McCartney retained his Westminster seat in the 1997 election.
He opposed the subsequent Belfast Agreement in the May 1998 referendum and his party won five seats in the Assembly elections later that year (McCartney himself in North Down, Cedric Wilson in Strangford, Patrick Roche in Lagan Valley, Norman Boyd in South Antrim and Roger Hutchinson in East Antrim).
However, Wilson, Roche, Boyd and Hutchinson parted company with McCartney in December 1998 because of their leader's so-called 'exit strategy' from the Northern Ireland Assembly in the event of Sinn Féin being allowed seats in the new Northern Ireland Government. McCartney denounced them, saying all four were "famous in their own living rooms" and that their supporters could "fit into a telephone box". In 2008 both Wilson and Boyd attended meetings of Jim Allister's Traditional Unionist Voice.
In 1999, McCartney ran for the party in elections to the European Parliament, winning 2.9% of the first preference vote. He lost his Westminster seat in the 2001 election to the UUP candidate Lady Sylvia Hermon.
He was committed to a policy of integration for Northern Ireland, whereby legislative devolution for Northern Ireland would no longer be Westminster's abiding policy, there would be no Stormont legislative assembly and the province would be a fully participating part of the United Kingdom; at the same time, the three main British political parties would fully organise in Northern Ireland. He was the president of the Campaign for Equal Citizenship in 1986, and led it in its four years of prominence after the 1985 Anglo-Irish Agreement.
McCartney resigned as head of the Campaign for Equal Citizenship in 1988 over a dispute with its executive.
These integrationist policies, once popular in some sections of Unionism, receded with the introduction of devolution to Scotland and Wales, and the creation of a functioning Northern Ireland Assembly. However it is the case that other parts of the United Kingdom with devolved assemblies are fully covered by the three main British political parties, but not Northern Ireland.
McCartney also strongly opposed the St Andrews Agreement and in 2007 stood on an anti-agreement ticket in six constituencies. He lost his own seat in North Down, polling 1,806 first preference votes (5.9% of the total, and less than half the quota required to be elected). He also obtained 360 votes (1.2%) in Belfast North, 388 votes (0.8%) in Fermanagh and South Tyrone, 853 votes (2.0%) in Lagan Valley, 893 votes (2.3%) in South Antrim and 220 votes (0.5%) in West Tyrone.
He claims to have retired from politics following the loss of his seat in the 2007 Assembly Election to Brian Wilson of the Green Party. However, he still occasionally makes media appearances and writes newspaper articles. In October 2009, McCartney was guest speaker at the Traditional Unionist Voice party conference in Belfast, where he spoke on the situation surrounding the primary school transfer test, brought about by a Sinn Féin Education Minister.
Notes
External links
Maiden Speech : House of Commons – 5 July 1995
1936 births
Living people
Leaders of political parties in Northern Ireland
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Down constituencies (since 1922)
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK Unionist Party MLAs
Ulster Unionist Party members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
Northern Ireland MPAs 1982–1986
Members of the Northern Ireland Forum
Northern Ireland MLAs 1998–2003
Northern Ireland MLAs 2003–2007
People educated at Grosvenor Grammar School
Northern Ireland Queen's Counsel
Noel Desmond Gray (26 December 1920 – November 1999) Senior design engineer at the Philips subsidiary Kriesler and medical student at the University of Sydney after War service in the Royal Australian Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. He formed the desire to start the Medical Device Industry at Med School and co-founded Telectronics Pty Ltd.
Early life
Noel Gray was born to Hilda Alice Gray on Boxing Day 1920 in Crookwell, New South Wales, Australia. Separated from his father Jo Gray, Hilda took him to grow up with her father at Middle View near Dalgety on the Snowy River. His grandfather brought him up. George Hedger was son of a man that newspaper reports said was the original inspiration for the Banjo Paterson poem "The Man from Snowy River".
Noel and Hilda moved to Sydney and he attended a number of technical schools and at the Sydney Technical School passed the Intermediate Certificate He then went to worked in the radio industry culminating in a position at Kriesler as a technician before the War.
World War II
Gray enlisted in the army in August 1942. During World War II he was trained at the Army School of Radio Physics, whereupon he became a radar technician and Senior Radar Artificer. He also attended No. 6 OCTU.
Gray returned to LHQ where he was placed in charge of the Drawing Office and maintenance section. He helped to install the radar defenses on Rottnest Island for Western Australia and was the Senior Radar Artificer at Exmouth Gulf. He worked on the first US-designed radar unit in Australia, which was subsequently used to direct bombers during the Battle of the Coral Sea.
Gray was discharged from the army on 10 May 1946 with the rank of Staff Sergeant posted to 2 SPECIAL RADAR DET RAA.
Post war
In 1948 Gray was accepted to study medicine at the University of Sydney but withdrew from his studies in 1950 to get married. He work for the Department of Civil Aviation on RADAR installation at Sydney Airport, and on engineering projects for the Metropolitan Water, Sewerage & Drainage Board.
In 1952 he returned to work for the Philips' subsidiary Kreisler to work on a secret project for LRWE, then as senior design engineer. He designed and developed printed circuit board production methods that he incorporated into his designed Kriesler Duplex radios, but were not adopted until a later date. A number of patents were taken out on his work and he was sent on a World study tour by Phillips where he introduced his printed circuits to their founder.
Gray resigned from Kreisler in 1959 to start a medical electronics business, an ambition he had developed while studying medicine from 1948–50. To finance this venture he started a specialist TV repair business and was a founder of ESA (later called TESA).
Telectronics Pty Limited was incorporated in Sydney, Australia, in 1963 by technician and initial financier Noel Gray and engineer Geoffrey Wickham initially designing and manufacturing industrial and scientific instruments but diversifying into medical electronics and commencing cardiac pacemaker research in 1964. The corporate name was derived from "Television and Electronic Services", operated by Noel Gray as a sole trader from 1959 to 1964. The company made significant contributions to pacemaker technology including the first definition of the relationship between surface area of the heart electrodes & pacing pulse characteristics, the first use of integrated circuits and the first hermetic titanium encapsulation.
Nucleus Holdings Pty Limited, a company incorporated in 1967, became a 50% shareholder of Telectronics in January 1968. In 1975 Nucleus Holdings Pty Limited transferred its shares in Telectronics to Nucleus Corporation Pty Limited and reduced the holding by sale of shares to a French multinational leaving a 33.33% holding by Nucleus Corporation Pty Ltd which became the publicly listed company Nucleus Limited 1980. In turn Nucleus Limited was acquired by Pacific Dunlop in 1988.
Legal action over the sale of faulty "J Lead" electrodes, inherited by Telectronics in acquisition of pacemaker manufacturer Cordis corporation of Miami led to the company having to settle extensive worldwide compensation claims. This led to the sale of Telectronics assets to, eventually, St. Jude Medical of Minneapolis and Pacific Dunlop restructuring itself into Ansell.
Death
Noel Desmond Gray died in November 1999. He was survived by his wife Beth, daughter Robyn, and son Christopher.
References
1920 births
1999 deaths
People associated with radar
20th-century Australian businesspeople
Maorichiton schauinslandi is a species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.
Distribution
New Zealand
References
Mopaliidae
Molluscs described in 1909
Adalah () means justice and denotes the Justice of God. It is among the five Shia Principles of the Religion.
Shia Muslims believe that there is intrinsic good or evil in things, and that God commands them to do the good things and shun the evil. They believe that God acts according to a purpose or design, and human reason cannot comprehend this design or purpose in its entirety (though man must always strive to understand as much as he can).
The Sunni School of thought conversely subscribes to the view that nothing is good or evil per se, and that what God commanded people to do became good by virtue of his command, and what he forbade became evil.
Concept
Morteza Motahhari conceived the following meaning for justice:
Proportionality: consider a system with some components. For the protection of system's survival, resources should be divided proportionally between the members based on need.
Equality: Justice means equality and denying all forms of discrimination.
Justifying the rights of owner: In this view, justice is the division of resources in proportion to their potential.
Quran
In Quran Adl and Qist are two words used to describe justice. Adl means a balanced approach to all things, including life. So if a person is Adil, he is balanced morally, behaviorally, and spiritually. Also, Qist is defined as the approach regulating the human-human or human-God relations.
Principle of Shia Theology
Adalah is one of the principles of the Theology of Twelvers. Allah is described by many attributes, but just Adalah is chosen as the overarching principle of Shia Twelvers' theology for the following reasons:
1. Adalah is important because other attributes of God get their meaning from it. In other word Adalah has a wide meaning as putting everything in their right places, so being The Most Merciful or The Sustainer get their meaning from Adalah.
2. Eschatology and Prophecy and Imamah as principles of the Shia Theology are closely related to Adalah.
3. At the beginning of Islam there was a conflict regarding the meaning of justice. Therefore, the Shi'a put it in the principles of religion to emphasize justice.
4. Adalah in human society is an important element of Social justice. Shia Muslim by selecting it as the principal try to achieve justice in their society.
See also
Ancillaries of the Faith
Justice in the Quran
References
Shia theology
Xenosoma bryki is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hering in 1943. It is found in Colombia.
References
Arctiinae
The J.T. Patterson Labs Building (PAT) is a building on the University of Texas at Austin campus, in the U.S. state of Texas. The building was completed in 1967.
References
1967 establishments in Texas
University and college buildings completed in 1967
University of Texas at Austin campus
Roche Braziliano (sometimes spelled Rock, Roch, Roc, Roque, Brazilliano, Brasiliaan or Brasiliano) (c. 1630 – disappeared c. 1671) was a Dutch pirate born in the town of Groningen. His pirate career lasted from 1654 until his disappearance around 1671. He was first made famous in Alexandre Exquemelin's 1678 book The Buccaneers of America; Exquemelin did not know Braziliano's real name, but historians have found he was probably born as Gerrit Gerritszoon and that he and his parents moved to Dutch-controlled Brazil. He is known as "Roche Braziliano", which in English translates to "Rock the Brazilian", due to his long exile in Brazil.
Pirate career
Roche Braziliano was a notoriously cruel buccaneer who operated out of Port Royal, Jamaica. He was a privateer in Bahia, Brazil, before moving to Port Royal in 1654. He led a mutiny and adopted the life of a buccaneer. On his first adventure he captured a ship of immense value and brought it back safely to Jamaica. He eventually was caught and sent to Spain, but he escaped with threats of vengeance from his followers. He soon resumed his criminal career, purchasing a new ship from fellow pirate François l'Olonnais and later sailing in company with Sir Henry Morgan and Joseph Bradley among others. Braziliano's first mate Yellows eventually became a captain in his own right, sailing with Braziliano, Morgan, and others in raids against the Spanish.
Atrocities
Drunken and debauched, Braziliano would threaten to shoot anyone who did not drink with him. He roasted alive two Spanish farmers on wooden spits after they refused to hand over their pigs. He treated his Spanish prisoners barbarously, typically cutting off their limbs or roasting them alive over a fire.
Fate
After 1671, Braziliano was never seen or heard from again. To this day, nobody knows what became of the Dutch pirate. Whether he (and his vessel and men) were lost at sea in a brutal storm, was secretly captured, or possibly retired and lived the rest of his life in anonymity is a matter of debate.
Popular culture
A pirate named Roc Brasiliano was portrayed by Anthony Quinn in the 1952 swashbuckler film Against All Flags.
Roche Braziliano is one of the pirates featured in the game Sid Meier's Pirates!
The ghost of Captain Roche is found as a boss battle in Abbey Games' Renowned Explorers: International Society.
May be the namesake of the One Piece character Rocks D. Xebec.
"Rock Braziliano" is featured in the Boardgame "Tortuga 1667" as a playable character
See also
List of people who disappeared mysteriously at sea
References
General
Pickering, David. "Pirates". CollinsGem. HarperCollins Publishers, New York, NY. pp-52, 201. 2006.
Specific
External links
Pirates Hold
Privateer Dragons of the Caribbean
It all began with piracy
1630 births
1670s deaths
1670s missing person cases
17th-century Dutch people
17th-century Jamaican people
17th-century pirates
Dutch privateers
Dutch pirates
Mutineers
People from Groningen (city)
People from Pernambuco
People lost at sea
People of Dutch Brazil
Year of death unknown
Senator Ellsworth may refer to:
Harris Ellsworth (1899–1986), Oregon State Senate
Oliver Ellsworth (1745–1807), U.S. Senator from Connecticut from 1789 to 1796
Stukely Ellsworth (1769–1837), New York State Senate
Timothy E. Ellsworth (1836–1904), New York State Senate
Greenville Mall is a shopping mall in Greenville, North Carolina, United States owned and managed by Brookfield Properties. It is located at the corner of Greenville and Arlington Boulevards.
History
Greenville Mall was originally built as a strip center named Pitt Plaza, which opened in 1966 with J. C. Penney as an anchor. It was announced in 1984 that the shopping center was to be converted into a 300,000 sq ft enclosed shopping mall called The Plaza, managed by Pentagon Properties of Raleigh. It was subsequently renamed Colonial Mall Greenville when purchased by Colonial Properties Trust. The purchase of the mall by GG&A in 2007 resulted in the name being changed to Greenville Mall.
The mall has 65 stores, with Belk, J. C. Penney and Dunham's Sports as anchor stores.
References
External links
Greenville Mall
Greenville, North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Pitt County, North Carolina
Shopping malls in North Carolina
Shopping malls established in 1965
Eungam-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eungam 1-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
Benjamín Ignacio Cam Orellana (born 15 February 2000) is a Chilean football player who plays as a forward.
Club career
A product of Unión Española youth system, he made his professional debut in 2018 thanks of the coach Martín Palermo. In May 2019 he moved to the United States to study and play for Camden County College. In 2021, he played for Iowa Western CC. Since 2022, he plays for Ocean City Nor'easters.
International career
He represented Chile at under-17 level in the 2017 South American Championship.
Personal life
His older brother, Nicolás, also plays football and moved to the United States in 2018, before Benjamín, to study and play for University of the Rio Grande.
References
External links
Benjamín Cam at PlaymakerStats
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Santiago
Chilean footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
Chile youth international footballers
Unión Española footballers
Ocean City Nor'easters players
Camden County College alumni
Chilean Primera División players
USL League Two players
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football forwards
Murari may refer to:
Persons
Murari (author) (approx. 9th century AD), Sanskrit dramatic poet and author of Anargharāghava
Sarvesh Murari, a cinematographer working in the Telugu film industry
Krishna Murari Moghe (b. 1947), Indian politician
Murari Lal Sharma Neeras (b. 1936), Indian author
Murari Raj Sharma, Nepalese ambassador to the United Nations
Other
Murari (film), 2001 Telugu film directed by Krishna Vamshi, Actor Mahesh Babu's 4th film
Murari Chand College, a division of Bangladesh National University located in Sylhet
Nari Nari Naduma Murari, 1990 Telugu film in which Actor Nandamuri Balakrishna played lead role, directed by Kodi Ramakrishna
See also
Murarai, a town in West Bengal, India
Santo Stefano is a Roman Catholic, Gothic-style parish church in Belluno, region of Veneto, Italy.
History
The first church at the site was dedicated to Santa Maria della Gracie, but rededicated and built in 1486. The main altarpiece depicting a Baptism of Jesus is by followers of Titian. Along the nave are canvases by Cesare Vecellio depicting Abraham, Melchisedec and the Venetian Podesta Marcantonio Cornaro; attributed to Leonardo Corona is a Mannah in the Desert with Podesta Marco Giustiniano; and the presbytery has two life-size angels sculpted in wood by Andrea Brustolon. Some of the works were moved here from other suppressed churches. The altarpiece dedicated to St Anthony Abbot was painted by Nicolò de Stefani. The altar of the Virgin of the Rosary has a crucifix by Brustoloni and paintings by Francesco Frigimelica. Other works include: Carrying the Cross and a Deposition from the Cross by Antonio Lazzarini.
The piazza in front, once displayed a sarcophagus of a Roman cavalry officer, Caius Flavius Hostilius found under the choir of the present church. The sarcophagus is now on display in the civic museum of Palazzo Crepadona.
References
15th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Churches in the province of Belluno
Gothic architecture in Veneto
Carlisle Tithe Barn is an historic building in Carlisle, Cumbria. It is a Grade I listed building, listed on 1 June 1949.
History and description
The tithe barn was built about the 1470s for Prior Gondibour, as part of the Priory of St Mary. After the Dissolution of the Monasteries the priory church was refounded as Carlisle Cathedral; the barn was subsequently used for various purposes, including stable and dispensary.
The north side of the barn is thought to have been open originally. The south side, along Heads Lane, is a wall of sandstone thick. Internally, oak roof trusses are supported on each side by large timber posts.
There were modifications in 1824, when the building was adapted for use as a dispensary. In 1875 parts of the west end, in danger of collapse, were dismantled. The building was semi-derelict before purchase and restoration by St Cuthbert's Church in 1969–71; it has since been the church hall, and venue for social events.
See also
Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria
Listed buildings in Carlisle, Cumbria
References
Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria
15th-century architecture in the United Kingdom
Buildings and structures in Carlisle, Cumbria
Tithe barns in Europe
Buildings and structures completed in the 15th century
St Brendan's College, known locally as The Sem, is a secondary school in Killarney, County Kerry, Ireland
History
St Brendan's is a Catholic Diocesan College, founded in 1860 by Bishop David Moriarty as a boarding and day-school for boys under the name of ' St Brendan's Seminary'. The first principal was Fr. Michael Barry, a renowned Professor of Rhetoric at All Hallows College. Ill-health soon forced Fr. Barry to return to Dublin and Fr. Thomas Lalor replaced him. Fr. Lalor had the title, ‘Director'. The first principal to have the title ‘President' was Fr. Lalor's successor, Fr. John Coffey (later Bishop Coffey). The college began in a large room on the ground floor of the newly built Bishop's House and boarders were accommodated in approved houses in the town. After the opening of the Presentation Monastery in 1861 some students lodged there. The land was rented from Lord Kenmare at a ‘peppercorn' rent.
Gradually new classrooms and dormitories were built. The Tower wing was added to Bishop's House in 1870, the main buildings took their present form as a result of extensive rebuilding in the 1890s, and a College Chapel, with professors' rooms and dormitory accommodation overhead, was added to the Tower building in 1914 Further extensions followed in the 1930s, 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
The strict attitude of the staff who taught in the school, as well as the low standard of food for boarders was the catalyst for the creation of the book Sausages for Tuesday in 1969 by Patrick Kennelly, brother of poet Brendan Kennelly. By the 1970s the designation ‘seminary' was no longer used and the school's official title became 'St Brendan's College'. However, the college is still known locally as 'The Sem'. In 1971 Dr. Tadhg McCurtin became the first lay vice- principal. In 1997 the first lay-principal, Mr. Tony Behan, was appointed and a board of management was set up to manage the school. Fr. Larry Kelly was President/Rector until the boarding school closed in 1999. He was the last in a succession of eighteen clerical presidents. In 1997 the college opened its doors to girls who wished to repeat the Leaving Cert.
Until the late 1960s diocesan clergy mainly staffed the college. A priest acted as president and school-principal. Gradually the number of lay-teachers increased and the last priest finished teaching in the College in 2006, a Fr. Begley.
In November 2020, the Killarney Athletics Club Arena was finally completed and is situated on the grounds of the school, although all other local schools are permitted to use it.
Sport
Gaelic football is the most prominent sport at the school. St Brendan's is one of the leading football schools in Kerry and Ireland and has served as a footballing nursery for a number of Kerry GAA players. St. Brendan's holds the record of most Munster Senior Football Titles won (22). The school has also won nine Frewen Cups (Munster U16½) and seven Moran Cups (Munster U15). The school achieved a double in these competitions in 2007. The school has won the Hogan Cup on four occasions in 1969, 1992, 2016 and 2017. St. Brendan's also takes part in Kerry Colleges competitions at Senior, U16½, U15 and First Year levels.
In basketball, the 'Sem' plays in the South West Region at U19, U16, Second Year and First Year Levels. The school also takes part in national cup competition for the U19 and U16 age groups. The school has won four All-Ireland Titles to date, 1988 U19, 2005 U16 National Cup, First Year in 2006 followed by the Second Year title in 2007.
St Brendan's has also won four Munster titles in soccer since the mid 1990s and four national titles in 2001, 2003, 2014 and 2016 by our First Year, U16, U15 and First Year squads respectively. The school also competes in athletics, hurling, golf, pitch & putt, badminton, rowing, rugby and squash.
Notable past pupils
Eoin Brosnan, Gaelic footballer
Edmond Carmody DD, Bishop of San Antonio
Dermot Clifford, Archbishop of Cashel and Emly
Colm Cooper, Gaelic footballer
Con Cremin, diplomat
Kieran Cremin, Gaelic footballer
Johnny Culloty, Gaelic footballer
Patrick S. Dinneen priest, teacher, Irish language lexicographer and historian
Michael Dwyer, journalist for The Irish Times
Michael Fassbender, actor
Killian Burns, Gaelic footballer
Dick Fitzgerald, Gaelic footballer and author
Weeshie Fogarty, radio broadcaster and former Gaelic footballer
Neil Horan Defrocked Clergyman, "The Dancing Priest", protestor and eschatologist
Seán Kelly, teacher, politician and former GAA president
Tadhg Lyne, Gaelic footballer
Michael McCarthy, Gaelic footballer
Seamus Moynihan, Gaelic footballer
Diarmuid O'Carroll, professional footballer
Gerald O'Carroll, writer and historian
Hugh O'Flaherty Priest, World War II hero who helped Italian Jews escape Nazi persecution.
Batt O'Keeffe, politician, Minister for Education, former lecturer
John O'Keeffe, Gaelic footballer
Kieran O'Leary, Gaelic footballer
Páidí Ó Sé, Gaelic footballer and manager
Pat O'Shea, Gaelic football manager
Donal O'Sullivan, priest killed ministering to the wounded in the First World War. Studied and taught at the college.
John M. O'Sullivan, politician
Redmond Prendiville BA, Bishop of Perth, Australia, played Gaelic Football for Kerry
Pat Spillane, Gaelic footballer, retired teacher and RTÉ sports panelist
Fionán Lynch, Irish revolutionary, politician, barrister and judge
David Clifford, Gaelic footballer
References
External links
Official website
1860 establishments in Ireland
Boys' schools in the Republic of Ireland
Educational institutions established in 1860
Killarney
Secondary schools in County Kerry
The Norte Grande (Big North, Far North, Great North) is one of the five natural regions into which CORFO divided continental Chile in 1950. It borders Peru to the north, the Pacific Ocean to the west, the Altiplano, Bolivia and Argentina to the east, and the Copiapó River to the south, beyond which lies the Norte Chico natural region.
Geography
The Norte Grande, which extends from the Peruvian border to about 27° south latitude, a line roughly paralleled by the Copiapó river, is extremely arid. It contains the Atacama Desert, one of the driest areas in the world; in certain sections, this desert does not register any rainfall at all. Average monthly temperatures range at sea level between about 20.5 °C during the summer and about 14 °C during the winter. Most of the population lives in the coastal area, where the temperatures are more moderate and the humidity higher.
The desert region is an elevated arid plateau descending gradually from the Andes towards the coast, where it breaks down abruptly from elevations of 800 to 1500 ft. From the sea this plateau escarpment has the appearance of a range of flat topped hills closely following the coastline. This topography generates coastal microclimates because the fog that frequently forms over the cold ocean waters, as well as any low clouds, is trapped by the high bluffs. This airborne moisture condenses in the spines and leaves of the vegetation, droplets that fall to the ground and irrigate the plants' roots. The fog of this area is known locally as Camanchaca.
Beyond the coastal bluffs, there is an area of rolling hills that encompasses the driest desert land; this area ends to the east with the Andes towering over it. This region is rainless, barren and inhospitable, absolutely destitute of vegetation except in some small river valleys where irrigation is possible, and on the slopes of some of the snow-covered peaks where the water from the melting snows nourishes a scanty and coarse vegetation before it disappears in the thirsty sands. It is very rich in mineral and saline deposits, however. This area is broken by ranges of barren hills having the appearance of spurs from the Andes, and by irregular lateral ranges in the vicinity of the main cordillera enclosing elevated saline plateaus. Within the mountain ranges parallel to the main chain of the Andes, the main one is the Cordillera Domeyko and among the salt flats the greater is the Salar de Atacama.
The edges of the desert in some sections have subterranean aquifers that have permitted the development of forests made up mainly of tamarugos, spiny trees native to the area that grow to a height of about twenty-five meters. Most of those forests were cut down to fuel the fires of the many foundries established since colonial times to exploit the abundant deposits of copper, silver, and nitrate found in the area. The result was the creation of even drier surface conditions.
The eastern parts of this region lie within the higher ranges of the Andes and include a large district. This arid, bleak area is apparently a continuation southward of the great Altiplano, and is known as the Puna de Atacama. Its average elevation is estimated at 11,000 to 12,000 ft. A line of volcanoes crosses it from north to south, and extensive lava beds cover a considerable part of its surface. The chief summits being those of Licancabur, Acamarachi, Láscar, Miñiques, Pular, Socompa, Llullaillaco. Large shallow saline lakes are also characteristic features of this region. The area receives considerable rainfall during the summer months in what is commonly known as the Bolivian Winter, forming shallow lakes of mostly saline waters that are home to a number of bird species, including the flamingo species Andean, Chilean and James.
Contrary to the image of monochrome barrenness that most people associate with deserts, the landscape is spectacular, with its crisscrossing hills and mountains of all shapes and sizes, each with a unique color and hue depending on its mineral composition, its distance from the observer, and the time of day.
Northward from the Atacama desert core area, some of the water from the altiplano trickles down the Andes in the form of narrow rivers, many of which form oases before being lost to evaporation or absorption into the desert sands, salt beds, and aquifers. However, some rivers do manage to reach into the Pacific, including the Loa River, whose U-shaped course across the desert makes it Chile's longest river. The water rights for one of the rivers, the Lauca River, remain a source of dispute between Bolivia and Chile. These narrow rivers have carved fertile valleys in which an exuberant vegetation creates a stark contrast to the bone-dry hills. In such areas, known locally as Quebradas, roads usually are built halfway up the arid elevations in order to maximize the intensive agricultural use of the irrigated land. They offer spectacular panoramic vistas, along with the harrowing experience of driving along the edges of cliffs. The Quebradas separate extensive plains called Pampas. The major of those is the Pampa del Tamarugal.
In the Norte Grande, the kinds of fruits that grow well in the arid tropics thrive, and all kinds of vegetables can be grown year-round, noticeably in Azapa Valley. However, the region's main economic foundation is its great mineral wealth. For instance, Chuquicamata and Escondida. The former is the world's largest open-pit copper mine and the latter is the copper open-pit mine with the largest production in the world. Since the early 1970s, the fishing industry has also developed enormously in the main ports of the area, most notably Arica, Iquique and Antofagasta.
See also
Natural regions of Chile
Geography of Chile
External links
Water resources of chilean Altiplano
References
Natural regions of Chile
Geography of Chile
The Korea Greens was a political group in South Korea. It was established on June 10, 2004, following initial discussions in 2003. They were a member of the Global Greens and the Asia-Pacific Green Network. It was dissolved on July 12, 2008.
See also
Green Party Korea
External links
Official site
Green political parties
Political parties established in 2004
Defunct political parties in South Korea
Global Greens member parties
The 2007 Dubai World Cup was a horse race held at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse on Saturday 31 March 2007. It was the 12th running of the Dubai World Cup.
The winner was Hamdan Al Maktoum's Argentinian-bred Invasor, a five-year-old brown horse trained in the United States by Kiaran McLaughlin and ridden by Fernando Jara. Curlin's victory was the first in the race for his jockey and trainer and the second for Hamdan Al Maktoum, who had won the race with Almutawakel in 1999.
Originally trained in Uruguay, Invasor won the local Triple Crown before being bought by Hamdan Al Maktoum and transferred to McLaughlin's American stable. On his debut for his new connections he sustained his only defeat when finishing fourth to Discreet Cat in the UAE Derby. He was voted American Horse of the Year for 2006 after winning the Pimlico Special, Suburban Handicap, Whitney Handicap and Breeders' Cup Classic. In 2007 he won the Donn Handicap before being shipped to Dubai. In the 2007 Dubai World Cup he started the 5/4 favourite and won by one and three quarter lengths from the American-trained Premium Tap, with the Hong Kong challenger Bullish Luck eight lengths back in third. Discreet Cat started the 11/8 second favourite but finished last of the seven runners.
Race details
Sponsor: Emirates Airline
Purse: £3,061,224; First prize: £1,836,735
Surface: Dirt
Going: Fast
Distance: 10 furlongs
Number of runners: 7
Winner's time: 1:59.97
Full result
Abbreviations: nse = nose; nk = neck; shd = head; hd = head; nk = neck
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Invasor
Sex: Stallion
Foaled: 3 August 2002
Country: Argentina
Sire: Candy Stripes; Dam: Quendom (Interprete)
Owner: Hamdan Al Maktoum
Breeder: Haras Clausan
References
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dan Gritti is an American football coach. He served as the head football coach at Rhodes College in Memphis, Tennessee from 2011 to 2015 and Millikin University in Decatur, Illinois from 2016 to 2021.
Grittin holds a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Wisconsin and an undergraduate degree from Vanderbilt University.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Millikin profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Chicago Maroons football coaches
Indiana Hoosiers football coaches
Middlebury Panthers football coaches
Millikin Big Blue football coaches
Rhodes Lynx football coaches
Vanderbilt Commodores football coaches
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
Vanderbilt University alumni
Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,198. The county seat and largest city is Weiser, with over half of the county's population. The county was established in 1879 when Idaho was a territory and named after U.S. President George Washington.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Adams County - north
Gem County - east
Payette County - south
Malheur County, Oregon - southwest
Baker County, Oregon - west
Major highways
US 95
National protected areas
Boise National Forest (part)
Deer Flat National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Payette National Forest (part)
Rivers
Snake River
Weiser River
Reservoirs
Brownlee
Crane Creek
Mann Creek
Paddock Valley
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,977 people, 3,762 households, and 2,738 families living in the county. The population density was 7 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 4,138 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 87.61% White, 1.03% Asian, 0.66% Native American, 0.10% Black or African American, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 8.17% from other races, and 2.36% from two or more races. 13.75% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 15.7% were of German, 14.3% English, 10.1% American and 7.7% Irish ancestry.
There were 3,762 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.7% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.2% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 23.4% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 95.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.0 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,625, and the median income for a family was $35,542. Males had a median income of $27,222 versus $18,053 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,464. About 10.00% of families and 13.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.60% of those under age 18 and 9.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 10,198 people, 4,034 households, and 2,803 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,529 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.6% white, 1.0% American Indian, 0.9% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 9.1% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 16.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.0% were English, 18.2% were German, 14.8% were Irish, and 9.6% were American.
Of the 4,034 households, 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.5% were non-families, and 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.99. The median age was 43.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,542 and the median income for a family was $46,970. Males had a median income of $36,765 versus $26,406 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,015. About 10.9% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.6% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 10,500 people, 4,035 households, and 2,708 families residing in the county.
Education
The county is served by three school districts based in the county:
Weiser District #431
Weiser High School
Weiser Middle School
Park Intermediate School
Pioneer Primary School.
Cambridge Joint District #432
Cambridge Junior-Senior High School
Cambridge Elementary School
Midvale District #433
Midvale Senior High School.
Midvale Junior High School
Midvale Elementary School
Additionally Payette Joint School District 371 includes a portion of Washington County.
Communities
Cities
Cambridge
Midvale
Weiser
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Idaho
References
External links
County Parcel Map
State of Idaho official site - Washington County
Idaho counties
1879 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1879
Motonari Iguchi (17 May 1908, in Tokyo – 29 September 1983, in Tokyo) was a Japanese pianist and educator.
Biography
He was influential in the post-war Japanese classical music world and his editions, published by Shunjūsha, are still the standard ones in that country. At the Tokyo Academy of Music Iguchi was a student of Leonid Kreuzer, a German piano instructor known for his powerful playing style, which Iguchi adopted. Later, Motonari Iguchi and his wife, Aiko, went on to become professors at the Tokyo Academy of Music.
References
1908 births
1983 deaths
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century Japanese male musicians
Japanese classical pianists
Japanese male classical pianists
Japanese music educators
The Will to Intervene (W2I) Project is a research initiative created by Lieut. General (retired) Roméo Dallaire, Senior Fellow at the Montreal Institute for Genocide and Human Rights Studies (MIGS), and Dr. Frank Chalk, MIGS Director, that aims to operationalize the principles of the responsibility to protect within national governments.
Report
Led by researcher Kyle Matthews, more than 80 interviews were conducted with high-level policy-makers, members of Congress, parliamentarians, NGO representatives, and journalists in Canada and the United States, some for the first time on record. These interviews culminated in the publication of a policy report, Mobilizing the Will to Intervene: Leadership and Action to Prevent Mass Atrocities, in September 2009. This report was disseminated amongst the highest levels of the American and Canadian governments, think tanks, and non-governmental organisations. The report was subsequently re-edited and published as a book in 2010.
The project describes itself as follows:
The fundamental goal the W2I report, entitled Mobilizing the Will to Intervene: Leadership and Action to Prevent Mass Atrocities, is to identify strategic and practical steps to raise the capacity of government officials, legislators, civil servants, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), advocacy groups, journalists, and media owners and managers to build the political will to prevent mass atrocities. The report provides practical policy recommendations to make this goal a reality. The report draws on interviews with more than 80 foreign policy practitioners and opinion shapers in Canada and the United States. Many of the interviewees participated directly in Canadian and American government decision making during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide and the 1999 Kosovo crisis, which exemplify a failure to act and a strong will to act. The W2I Project's researchers also wanted to understand what civil society groups and the news media could have done to ramp up the pressure on Prime Minister Chrétien and President Clinton to save lives in Rwanda. They wanted to learn if civil society played a role in the decisions of Canada and the United States to preserve lives in Kosovo and what considerations propelled the decision to intervene. They designed their questions with an eye to the future, hunting for "lessons learned", informed not only by their interviews, but also by scholarly studies of Canadian and U.S. Government policies. The report was made public in Canada on 22 September 2009. The Canadian parliamentary launch occurred on 1 October and featured distinguished panel of experts who discussed W2I's policy recommendations for the benefit of parliamentarians.
The W2I project assembled a Research Steering Committee consisting of a distinguished group of prominent American and Canadian foreign policy experts and politicians to guide the researchers. The members include Maurice Baril, Ed Broadbent, Fred C. Fischer, Tom Flanagan, Robert Fowler, Yoine Goldstein, Bill Graham, David A. Hamburg, Ted Koppel, Juan É. Méndez, Alex Neve, André Pratte, Kenneth Prewitt, David Scheffer, Hugh D. Segal, Jennifer Allen Simons, Janice Gross Stein, Allan Thompson, Thomas G. Weiss, and Harvey Yarosky.
Book
In September 2010, the report was edited and published as a book by McGill-Queens University Press. The book version of the Will to Intervene Report was reviewed by Dr Ramesh Thakur in the Literary Review of Canada (December, 2010) and replied to by the Will to Intervene authors in the subsequent issue (January 2011).
Support for W2I
Since the publication of the report, the Will to Intervene project has continued to try to raise awareness amongst policymakers in the USA and Canada about the crucial importance of genocide prevention as opposed to reaction. The W2I presented the report's recommendations to American policymakers at the United States Institute of Peace on 21 September 2009. They subsequently conducted a panel discussion on 1 October 2009 on Parliament Hill, putting forward the case for genocide prevention as a national priority to Members of Parliament and Senators.
The Obama Administration has put in place three of the recommendations argued in the report. In May 2010, President Obama's National Security Strategy stated a commitment to proactive engagement in preventing mass atrocities and genocide. And then in June 2010, National Security Advisor James L. Jones, created an Interagency Policy Committee on Preventing Mass Atrocities. In addition, the US Senate passed Senate Concurrent Resolution 71 supporting genocide prevention, a resolution which the W2I team helped to draft. In 2011, the Obama administration announced the establishment of a new Atrocities Prevention Board, stating such prevention as a core moral responsibility and national security interest.
To garner further support for genocide prevention, the W2I team has conducted policy briefings, presentations and civic dialogues to diffuse the report's findings across North America. On 27 November 2009, W2I carried out a civic dialogue in Vancouver, which numerous politicians from all levels of government, business people, academics, NGO directors, journalists and religious leaders and public intellectuals attended. Through this interactive medium, W2I managed to garner the support of a large variety of influential people, leading to a Municipal Proclamation by the Mayor Gregor Robertson of Vancouver calling 12 November 2010 "Will to Intervene Day". The Will to Intervene Project plans to undertake more of these civic dialogues in the future across North America to inform and galvanize groups of local, influential and interested people who can promote the Will to Intervene Project at all levels of government.
The project has gained support from numerous organisations, including the Genocide Prevention Group, an All-Party group of Canadian members of parliament, the Canadian Federation of University Women and the student-led anti-genocide group STAND.
New studies
Now that the diffusion of the W2I report's findings in Canada and the United States is well under way, the W2I project is setting its sights further afield. The project plans to help set up similar research initiatives in South Africa and the United Kingdom.
References
This article uses content from preventiongenocide.org, which is licensed in a way that permits reuse under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Canada License, but not under the GFDL. All relevant terms must be followed.
External links
The Montreal Institute for Genocide and Human Rights Studies (MIGS)
Mobilizing the Will to Intervene: Leadership and Action to Prevent Mass Atrocities (part 1/3)
Kyle Matthews, Lead Researcher, the Will to Intervene Project on CTV news 12/07/2010
Interview with Kyle Matthews of the Will to Intervene Project
Concordia University
Roméo Dallaire
Genocide prevention
Flavonoids are synthesized by the phenylpropanoid metabolic pathway in which the amino acid phenylalanine is used to produce 4-coumaroyl-CoA. This can be combined with malonyl-CoA to yield the true backbone of flavonoids, a group of compounds called chalcones, which contain two phenyl rings. Conjugate ring-closure of chalcones results in the familiar form of flavonoids, the three-ringed structure of a flavone. The metabolic pathway continues through a series of enzymatic modifications to yield flavanones → dihydroflavonols → anthocyanins. Along this pathway, many products can be formed, including the flavonols, flavan-3-ols, proanthocyanidins (tannins) and a host of other various polyphenolics.
Flavanoids can possess chiral carbons. Methods of analysis should take this element into account especially regarding bioactivity or enzyme stereospecificity.
Enzymes
The biosynthesis of flavonoids involves several enzymes.
Anthocyanidin reductase
Chalcone isomerase
Dihydrokaempferol 4-reductase
Flavone synthase
Flavonoid 3'-monooxygenase
Flavonol synthase
Flavanone 3-dioxygenase
Flavanone 4-reductase
Leucoanthocyanidin reductase
Leucocyanidin oxygenase
Naringenin-chalcone synthase
Methylation
Apigenin 4'-O-methyltransferase
Luteolin O-methyltransferase
Quercetin 3-O-methyltransferase
Glycosylation
Anthocyanidin 3-O-glucosyltransferase
Flavone 7-O-beta-glucosyltransferase
Flavone apiosyltransferase
Flavonol-3-O-glucoside L-rhamnosyltransferase
Flavonol 3-O-glucosyltransferase
Further acetylations
Isoflavone-7-O-beta-glucoside 6"-O-malonyltransferase
References
Flavonoids metabolism
Biosynthesis
The is a former railway line and current bus line in western Japan operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West). The 108.1 km (67.2 mi) line connected in Shimane Prefecture to in Hiroshima Prefecture and featured 30 tunnels. Whilst the first section opened in 1930, the line was not completed until 1975. Owing to declining patronage, the entire rail line ceased operation on 31 March 2018, to be replaced by a bus service on 1 April 2018.
Stations
Rolling stock
Services on the line were operated by JR West single-car KiHa 120 diesel multiple units.
History
The Gotsu to Kawado section opened in 1930, and the line was extended progressively east, reaching Hamahara in 1937. The Miyoshi to Shikijiki section opened in 1955 as a passenger-only line, and was extended to Kuchiba in 1963, and Hamahara in 1975, completing the line.
Closure
On 16 October 2015, JR West announced that it was considering closing the line owing to poor patronage, and was in discussion with the two prefectures served by the line, Shimane and Hiroshima, as well as other municipalities served, concerning future plans. In fiscal 2014, the line carried an average of 50 passengers per km per day, compared to 458 per km per day in 1987. On 29 September 2016, JR West announced that the entire line would close on 31 March 2018. The line then closed on March 31, 2018, with an event hosted by JR West.
See also
List of railway lines in Japan
References
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
1930 establishments in Japan
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
Rail transport in Hiroshima Prefecture
Rail transport in Shimane Prefecture
Railway lines opened in 1930
Al-Jezoli Hussien Nouh Mohamed (born 24 October 2002) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a winger for Al-Merrikh and the Sudan national football team.
References
Living people
2002 births
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football forwards
Al-Merrikh SC players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Héctor Osberto Moreira Pérez (born 27 December 1987) is a Guatemalan international footballer who plays as a defender.
Career statistics
International goal
Scores and results list. Guatemala's goal tally first.
Honours
Municipal
Liga Nacional de Guatemala: Apertura 2019
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Escuintla Department
Guatemalan footballers
Guatemala international footballers
Association football defenders
Deportivo Zacapa players
Universidad de San Carlos players
Xelajú MC players
C.S.D. Municipal players
is a Japanese music composer, best known for his contributions in video games. He serves as the representative director of Noisycroak, a Tokyo-based sound design company focused on game soundtracks. Echochrome II has been accepted into the Guinness Book of World Records for the longest single musical track that lasts 75 minutes and 7 seconds in video game music history.
Early life and education
Sakamoto started playing classical piano at the age of 4. He graduated from WASEDA University in 2004.
Works
References
External links
Noisycroak (Japanese)
Siliconera Interview with Hideki Sakamoto
1972 births
Japanese male musicians
Living people
Musicians from Tokyo
Video game composers
Alexander Holmes may refer to:
A pseudonym of the Hungarian-American writer Hans Habe (1911–1977)
The crewman convicted of manslaughter in United States v. Holmes, a case about crew actions following the sinking of the William Brown (1841)
Alex Holmes (born 1981), American football player
Xue Li may refer to:
Xue Li (薛禮; died 195), Chinese military officer serving under the Eastern Han dynasty warlord Liu Yao
Xue Rengui (614–683), formal name Xue Li, Chinese general during the early Tang dynasty
See also
Li Xue (born 1985), Chinese born French table tennis player
Darkman III: Die Darkman Die is a 1996 American superhero film and the second sequel to Sam Raimi's Darkman. It was released direct-to-video in 1996. Like the second film, it was directed by Bradford May, a television director and cinematographer who also served as the director of photography. Series creator Sam Raimi serves as an executive producer.
Plot
Peyton Westlake is still searching for the key to creating a permanent liquid-skin formula to repair his burned face and hands. After Westlake, as his alter-ego Darkman, stops a criminal exchange spearheaded by corrupt businessman and crime boss Peter Rooker, he is approached by Dr. Bridget Thorne. Thorne, one of the physicians who saved Westlake's life following his brutal attack at the hands of Robert G. Durant, convinces him that she wants to help perfect his liquid skin, and also repair his nervous system, allowing him to finally regain some of his sensory loss. Using a laboratory Thorne has set up in an abandoned industrial complex, Westlake manages to create a small amount of permanent liquid skin, which does not break down in sunlight as his other samples have.
Thorne then reveals she is actually Rooker's mistress. Rooker arrives and explains that he desires the super-human strength that Westlake has at his disposal. The two plan to use Westlake as a guinea pig to unlock the secrets behind his strength. Westlake is captured and his liquid skin sample and research are taken. Westlake has an electrical shock device implanted in his body and is put through a series of tests. Eventually, he manages to remove the device and escape Rooker's grasp.
Westlake, trying to learn more about Rooker, encounters his neglected wife Angela (Roxann Dawson) and her young daughter, Jenny. At first concerned, he eventually develops feelings for the two upon realizing how lonely and empty his life is. He uses his liquid skin to assume Rooker's identity and pours his energy into being a loving father and husband, including seeing Jenny perform in her school's production of Beauty and the Beast.
Rooker uses the data from Westlake's tests to create a super-strength formula. He gives it to his men, and orders them to assassinate an idealistic district attorney at a public gathering. Westlake arrives and is able to stop the assassination attempt. Rooker, discovering how Westlake has stolen his identity, murders Thorne and takes his own family back to Thorne's laboratory, holding them hostage. He then injects himself with the super-strength formula, and fights Westlake when he comes to rescue Angela and Jenny. Westlake reclaims the sample of permanent liquid skin during the fight, but his research disk is destroyed by Rooker. Darkman finally gets the upper hand and tricks Rooker into falling in an industrial shredder, killing him.
A damaged natural gas line then explodes, causing the lab to catch fire; Westlake is able to save Angela and Jenny, but Jenny's face is terribly burned. Westlake decides to use the liquid skin to repair Jenny's face rather than his own. After Angela thanks Westlake for saving her daughter, he leaves them, vowing to continue his work on the formula while fighting crime as Darkman.
Cast
Release
Home media
Die, Darkman, Die was released on DVD in 2004 as part of the "Universal Studio Selections". The DVD contained no bonus material or even a main menu (although there still were chapter selections).
All three Darkman films were released in a box set by Universal Studios Home Entertainment in August 2007.
Shout! Factory released a Special Edition Blu-ray of the film in November 2017, featuring a new audio commentary with director Bradford May.
Reception
Critical response
The film holds a rotten score of 33% on Rotten Tomatoes, indicating a mixed to negative response from critics.
Possible direct sequel
In April 2022, Neeson was in talks, about that he would be interesting to reprise his role for a legacy sequel to the original film. The producer of the sequel film was attached, and the studio had started to talk about the sequel.
References
External links
American vigilante films
American superhero films
1996 films
1990s action films
1990s superhero films
1990s vigilante films
Renaissance Pictures productions
Direct-to-video sequel films
Universal Pictures direct-to-video films
Films with screenplays by Michael Colleary
Films directed by Bradford May
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The following lists events that happened during 1909 in Afghanistan.
In order to secure greater tranquility on the frontier, the special governor was sent to the Khost Valley with a force of cavalry and infantry. He held a durbar (Imperial Assemblage) of the tribesmen at which he read a firman from the amir, and encouraged them to cease their feuds between themselves and prevent raids into British territory. They promised obedience. A telephone system is installed in various districts in order to ensure speedy communication between the frontier and Kabul.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
March 1909
A plot against the life of the amir and his brother Nasrullah Khan is said to have been discovered from information given by the tutor of the heir. It was promptly suppressed by the "vigorous action" taken by the amir. But there was no public inquiry or trial, and no other information was recorded.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Siphonophoridae is a family of millipede in the order Siphonophorida. There are about 12 genera and more than 110 described species in Siphonophoridae.
Genera
These 12 genera belong to the family Siphonophoridae:
Bactrois Cook, 1896
Balizonium Verhoeff, 1941
Columbianum Verhoeff, 1941
Gonatotrichus Attems, 1951
Linozonium Attems, 1951
Lomboknium Verhoeff, 1941
Okeanozonium Verhoeff, 1941
Pterozonium Attems, 1951
Rhinosiphora Verhoeff, 1924
Siphonacme Cook & Loomis, 1928
Siphonocybe Pocock, 1903
Siphonophora Brandt, 1837
References
Further reading
Siphonophorida
Millipedes of North America
Articles created by Qbugbot
Millipede families
Senecio clarkianus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Clark's ragwort. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada of California, where it grows in the moist meadows on the western slopes of the range. It is a perennial herb growing up to 1.2 meters tall from a caudex and fibrous root system. The solitary erect stem is lined evenly with leaves up to about 18 centimeters long, their blades deeply lobed or dissected into narrow, pointed segments. The herbage is hairy to woolly in texture. The inflorescence bears several flower heads which are lined with green-tipped phyllaries. They contain many yellow disc florets and each has usually 8 or 13 narrow yellow ray florets about a centimeter long, sometimes longer.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
clarkianus
Endemic flora of California
Flora of North America
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
From the Mouth of the Whale () is a 2008 novel by the Icelandic writer Sjón. The English translation was shortlisted for the 2012 Independent Foreign Fiction Prize. and the 2013 International Dublin Literary Award.
See also
2008 in literature
Icelandic literature
References
2008 novels
Icelandic novels
Novels set in Iceland
Novels set in the Reformation
Icelandic-language novels
Icelandic books
Love 24x7 is a 2015 Indian Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by debutante Sreebala K Menon starring Dileep and debutante Nikhila Vimal in lead roles while Sreenivasan, Suhasini, Sashi Kumar and Lena plays the supporting roles. Mukesh R Mehta and Dileep co-produced the film for E4 Entertainment in association with Graand Production. The music was composed by Bijibal while lyrics were written by Rafeeq Ahmed. The film released on Ramadan day, 18 July 2015.
Synopsis
Roopesh (Dileep), a media executive, falls in love with Kabani (Nikhila Vimal), a trainee who works her way up to become a news presenter. The story also focuses on the love story of two old ex lovers who became separated due to their careers. We see history repeating itself with Roopesh and Kabani both becoming stars of their separate channels.
Cast
Dileep as Roopesh Nambiar
Nikhila Vimal as Kabani ""Karthika""
Sreenivasan as Ummar Abdullah
Suhasini as Dr. Sarayu
Sashi Kumar as Dr. Satheesh
Lena as Jayashree
Anjali Nair as Nandhini
Sudhi Koppa as Joshy
Nandhini Sree as Soya Sreedharan
Sidhartha Siva as Anthony
Manju Pillai as Jessica Moses (Kabani's mother)
Alancier Ley Lopez as Kabani's uncle
Shankar Ramakrishnan as Murali Gopalakrishna Pillai
Abhija Sivakala as Swetha Pillai
Fara Shibila
Saran Puthumana
Dinesh Prabhakar
Thesni Khan
Idavela Babu
Santhosh Pandit
Krishna Praba as Nimisha
Moly Kannamali
Pauly Valsan as Canteen person
Production
It is the first independent film of Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award winning writer Sreebala K Menon, who was the former associate of director Sathyan Anthikad in five of his films. Sreebala, initially penned the script, started it as the plot for a short story, but later weaved into a feature film with some changes. About the media-oriented theme, Sreebala says, "In Malayalam we have seen stories revolving around the life of reporters, the risks they take and the drama happening, both in the print and visual media. But what happens behind the camera, the normal life of news presenters, who in themselves are celebrities these days, are not explored much. Love 24x7 delves into those things."
The filming wrapped up in the last week of June 2015.
Soundtrack
Music: Bijibal, Lyrics: Rafeeq Ahamed
"Venal Ozhiyunu" - Ganesh Sundaram, Sithara Krishnakumar
"Veyilarum" - Minmini
References
External links
2015 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Nancy K. MacLean is an American historian. She is the William H. Chafe Professor of History and Public Policy at Duke University. MacLean's research focuses on race, gender, labor history and social movements in 20th century U.S. history, with particular attention to the U.S. South.
Academic career
In 1981, MacLean completed a four-year, combined-degree, B.A./M.A program in history at Brown University, graduating magna cum laude. In 1989, she received a Ph.D. in history from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she studied under Linda Gordon. MacLean's doctoral thesis later became her first book, published as Behind the Mask of Chivalry: The Making of the Second Ku Klux Klan (1994).
From 1989 to 2010 MacLean taught at Northwestern University, where she served as chairperson of the Department of History, and as the Peter B. Ritzma Professor in the Humanities. MacLean spoke in favor of and participated in the Living Wage Campaign.
In 2010, MacLean moved to Duke University. She served as co-chair of Scholars for a Progressive North Carolina (SPNC), which has since been renamed Scholars for North Carolina's Future (SNCF). In 2013, MacLean participated in SPNC panels and forums held in opposition to the legislative agenda of Republican majority of the North Carolina General Assembly.
Work
Behind the Mask of Chivalry (1994)
Behind the Mask of Chivalry: The Making of the Second Ku Klux Klan, published in 1994, explores how some five million ordinary, white Protestant men joined the second Ku Klux Klan in the 1920s. MacLean argued that the Ku Klux Klan was an organization “at once mainstream and extreme” that was hostile to both big government and to unionism; that Klan philosophy was anti-elitist and anti-black, but that their patriarchal stance for family values helped achieve a mass following; and that they demonstrated political affinity with the varieties of European fascism of the 1920s.
Reception
Behind the Mask of Chivalry received four scholarly awards, and reviewers said it is "a remarkable, readable, and important book," especially for students of the American South, of African American history, and of political violence in the U.S., which is characterized by an "ambitious scope" and "graced by artful, energetic prose." The Organization of American Historians awarded the James A. Rawley Prize to Behind the Mask of Chivalry. However, William D. Jenkins said that MacLean's historical analysis is "well-written, yet flawed," because it is "too readily dismissive of the influence of religious and cultural beliefs on human activity." In the Journal of the History of the Behavioral Sciences, J. Morgan Kousser offered a critical review, saying that "MacLean makes elementary errors long identified by sociologists and historians.
Freedom Is Not Enough (2006)
Freedom Is Not Enough: The Opening of the American Workplace, published in 2006 by Harvard University Press and the Russell Sage Foundation, traces the ways in which civil rights activism produced a seismic shift in U.S. workplaces, from an environment in which discrimination and a "culture of exclusion" were the norm to one that accepted and even celebrated diversity and inclusion.
Reception
The book received praise as a "superb and provocative" interpretation of civil rights history, and as an example of "contemporary history at its best." It won seven awards, including the Taft Award for labor history and the Hurst Award for legal history. Kenneth W. Mack praised MacLean for having helped to re-integrate legal frameworks into the discussion of civil rights after it had been neglected by historians.
Democracy in Chains (2017)
In 2017 MacLean published Democracy in Chains: The Deep History of the Radical Right's Stealth Plan for America. This book focused on the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences-winning political economist James McGill Buchanan and his work developing public choice theory, as well as the roles of Charles Koch and others, in nurturing the libertarian movement in the United States. MacLean argued that these figures undertook "a stealth bid to reverse-engineer all of America, at both the state and national levels back to the political economy and oligarchic governance of midcentury Virginia, minus the segregation." According to MacLean, Buchanan represents "the true origin story of today's well-heeled radical right."
Honors
In 1995 MacLean received the Frank L. and Harriet C. Owsley Prize from the Southern Historical Association. In 2010, she was elected a Fellow of the Society of American Historians. In 2007, she received the Philip Taft Labor History Book Award of the Labor and Working Class Studies Association. In 2007 she received the Allan Sharlin Book Award for the best book in social science history from the Social Science History Association. In 2007 she received the Willard Hurst Prize for best book in socio-legal history from the Law and Society Association. In 2007 she received the Labor History Best Book Prize from the International Association of Labor History Institutions. Democracy in Chains was a finalist for the 2017 National Book Award for nonfiction, a finalist for the "Los Angeles Times Book Award in Current Interest", and the winner of the Lannar Foundation Cultural Freedom Award. The book was also named "Most Valuable Book of 2017" by The Nation. In 2018, Democracy in Chains won the Lillian Smith Book Award, for "books that are outstanding creative achievements, worthy of recognition because of their literary merit, moral vision, and honest representation of the South, its people, problems, and promises."
Books
References
External links
1959 births
21st-century American historians
Duke University faculty
Living people
Northwestern University faculty
Brown University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
Across Language Server is a software platform for computer-assisted translation (CAT) that includes additional features for the management of projects. The software is produced and sold by Across Systems GmbH, a company located and founded in Karlsbad in 2005 as a Corporate spin-off of Nero AG and which maintains an additional site in Glendale, California.
The functional principle is similar to the one SDL Trados, XTM and memoQ feature: Just like the server solutions of these two programs, Across Language Server also saves translation units or terminology entries (depending on the project's configuration) into a local or a central MSSQL database.
Besides the "Server", which is available in different versions, there is also a single-user version called Across Translator Edition, working with a local MS-SQL database. This single-user application is able to connect to the server, enabling to work on both local and Across-Server-based projects. Freelance translators can acquire the Basic Edition of the single-user version for free.
History
Version 5 of the MS-SQL-database-based Across Language Server was launched in 2009. Version 6 of Across Language Server was released on 2 July 2014. Version 6.3 was introduced on 26 November 2015. Version 7.0 was introduced on 13 February 2019. In this version common machine translation systems were integrated (e.g. DeepL or SYSTRAN). Version 7 also allows users to concurrently open and edit multiple tasks within a project.
Reviews
The software is mostly reviewed unfavourably, with users criticizing its design, usability and overall quality.
References
External links
Across Systems Website
Functions of Across Language Server
Computer-assisted translation
Translation software
Miryam Romero Fernández (1963 – 12 June 2022) was a Spanish journalist and news anchor.
Biography
Romero was born in Jaén in 1963; she later moved with her family to Talavera de la Reina (Toledo), at the age of two where she studied at the Colegio Madres Agustinas, a school run by the Hermanos Maristas and then later in the IES Padre Juan de Mariana. Later she received her Bachelor's degree in information science from the Complutense University of Madrid.
She dedicated most of her career to radio and television broadcasting, working on live broadcasts for COPE, Antena 3 Radio (1985–1988) and TVE (1988–1989). While working for Antena 3 (1989–2020) she was the host of Antena 3 Noticias at 3:00 pm since the beginning of the 1990s where she worked with Luis Herrero, Roberto Arce and Pedro Piqueras. Later she moved to working behind the cameras as editor and subdirector of the 9:00pm news, hosted by Vicente Vallés until December 2020 when she took an incentivized retirement plan from Atresmedia.
She was married with three children. She died 12 June 2022 in Madrid due to complications associated with leukemia.
References
1963 births
2022 deaths
Spanish women television presenters
Spanish women journalists
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
People from Jaén, Spain
Deaths from leukemia
Ronald Gerd Berking (2 September 1933 – 27 September 1980) was a Western Samoan businessman and politician. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly from 1979 until his death the following year.
Biography
Berking was born in 1933, the son of Anna Lefagaoalii Saffings and German immigrant Rudolf Peter Berkings. He married Christina Ripley and the couple had nine children. He entered business and was manager of the Samoa Tropical Products firm. He contested the Individual Voters constituency in the 1979 elections and was elected to the Legislative Assembly, becoming a member of the opposition Human Rights Protection Party.
In September 1980 he was killed in an altercation at his office.
References
1933 births
1980 deaths
20th-century Samoan businesspeople
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Human Rights Protection Party politicians
Samoan people of German descent
Samoan murder victims
was a unit of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service (IJNAS) during the Pacific War that was involved in the Guadalcanal Campaign and Solomon Islands Campaign. The unit operated seaplanes with a primary mission to protect resupply convoys headed for Guadalcanal and to conduct aerial reconnaissance.
History
The R-Area Air Force was created by the 8th Fleet on 28 August 1942 in response to the Allied landing at Guadalcanal a few weeks earlier. It exclusively operated seaplanes in order to compensate for the lack of land bases in the Solomon Islands area. The unit's primary strength was drawn from the 11th Seaplane Tender Division, whose commander Rear Admiral Takatsugu Jōjima also became the commander of the R-Area Air Force. The squadrons from the division's four seaplane tenders (Chitose, Kamikawa Maru, Sanyō Maru and Sanuki Maru) formed two air groups. Eventually, aircraft from other squadrons also joined the R-Area Air Force, such as from Kunikawa Maru. Their main base was at Shortland Islands, which was also the staging area for resupply convoys to Guadalcanal. The R-Area Air Force's primary mission was to provide air cover for the resupply ships during their runs heading for Guadalcanal through the New Georgia Sound. On 5 September, they built a forward base at Rekata Bay on Santa Isabel Island, which enabled the seaplanes to attack Lunga Point on Guadalcanal. Nevertheless, due to being in the range of Cactus Air Force, it was used only used as a staging point and the unit's seaplanes were not kept there for long at any given time.
On 12 September, Chitose squadron had 16 Mitsubishi F1M and seven Aichi E13A floatplanes under Lieutenant Takeshi Horihashi, while Kamikawa squadron had two F1M floatplanes and 11 Nakajima A6M2-N float Zeros under Lieutenant Jirō Ono, both forming No. 1 group. Sanyō squadron had six F1M and two E13A floatplanes under Lieutenant Tadashi Yoneda, while Sanuki had six F1M floatplanes under Lieutenant (jg) Kaneshige Watanabe, both forming No. 2 group. In the morning of 14 September, three float Zeros of Kamikawa under Lieutenant (jg) Masashi Kawashima flew from Rekata Bay to conduct a reconnaissance mission over Henderson Field and check whether the Imperial Japanese Army managed to capture the airfield in their assault. They were intercepted by seven US Navy Grumman F4F Wildcat fighters from Henderson Field and all of them were shot down for the loss of one Wildcat. That afternoon, Rear Admiral Jōjima committed most of the R-Area Air Force strength in a dusk attack on Henderson Field. Lieutenant Horihashi (Chitose Hikōtaichō) led 19 F1M floatplanes, each equipped with two 60-kg bombs, while two float Zeros provided the escort. They bombed the airfield after the sunset but were intercepted by a combination of eleven US Navies and Marine Wildcat fighters. The attack cost the R-Area Air Force two F1M floatplanes (including Sanyō Buntaichō Lieutenant Yoneda killed in action) and one float Zero.
The base at Rekata Bay was discovered by the Allies on 16 September and was subsequently targeted several times by Allied aircraft. In the morning of 5 October, aircraft from the aircraft carrier Hornet attacked Shortland Islands. No ships were hit but three Kawanishi H8K flying boats of Tōkō Air Group moored at Faisi were heavily damaged in strafing. Several F1M floatplanes under Lieutenant (jg) Watanabe (Sanuki Buntaichō) and two float Zeros of Kamikawa under Petty Officer Jirō Kawai intercepted the USN air strike and lost one F1M floatplane. Simultaneously, Cactus Air Force targeted Rekata Bay with several Douglas SBD Dauntless and Grumman TBF Avenger bombers, where they were intercepted by three float Zeros of Kunikawa under Warrant Officer Haruzō Ōta. In the engagement, Ōta managed to shoot down one SBD dive bomber.
Since regular resupply runs by destroyers only could not deliver heavy equipment on Guadalcanal, such as artillery, seaplane tenders Chitose and Nisshin were used as high-speed transports along the destroyers during October. Frequent missions to provide air cover over resupply convoys, combined with occasional base defences, took a heavy toll on the R-Area Air Force. By 8 October, the remaining strength was five A6M2-N float Zeros of Kamikawa, 12 F1M floatplanes of Chitose, Sanuki, Sanyō and Kunikawa, and nine E13A floatplanes of Chitose and Sanyō. On the evening of 8 October, Lieutenant (jg) Watanabe led eight F1M floatplanes to cover high-speed transport Nisshin and five destroyers headed for Guadalcanal. They intercepted a strike of SBD and TBF bombers escorted by 11 Wildcat fighters. While the ensuing air combat accounted for two F1M floatplanes and one Wildcat fighter shot down, the US bombers failed to score any hits on the ships.
On 12 October, the 14th Air Group with nine float Zeros joined the R-Area Air Force (delivered by Kiyokawa Maru) and the force continued to provide air cover for the regular resupply runs by destroyers. On 7 November, Lieutenant Hiderō Gotō led five floats Zero of 802nd Air Group (redesignated 14th Air Group) to cover 11 destroyers on their resupply run to Guadalcanal, when they intercepted a large strike from Cactus Air Force. The resulting combat accounted for the loss of all floatplanes, however, in return, they shot down US Marine ace Joe Foss. Japanese made the final attempt to resupply Guadalcanal with 11 large transports and 11 destroyers under Rear Admiral Raizō Tanaka on 14 November. The R-Area Air Force provided eight F1M floatplanes under Lieutenant (jg) Shōichi Koyanagi of Kunikawa to cover the convoy. The air combat over the ships resulted in the loss of three F1M floatplanes. The next day they provided ten more F1M floatplanes under Lieutenant Horihashi and Lieutenant (jg) Watanabe and, lost two more, one of which carried Watanabe, who was killed in action. In addition, the resupply effort failed since only four transports eventually reached Guadalcanal but were all destroyed before they could unload their cargo.
The Imperial General Headquarters decided to abandon the effort to recapture Guadalcanal and they planned a withdrawal of land units for January and February 1943. The R-Area Air Force provided air cover for the evacuation during the Operation KE. They continued to operate throughout 1943, as the Allies moved up the Solomon Islands. Pending the loss of New Georgia, in late August the forward base at Rekata Bay was evacuated.
See also
Washing Machine Charlie
Cactus Air Force
Tokyo Express
Notes
References
Combat reports
Units of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
Military units and formations established in 1942
The Wabash Valley Seismic Zone (also known as the Wabash Valley Fault System or Zone) is a tectonic region located in the Midwest of the United States, centered on the valley of the Lower Wabash River, along the state line between southeastern Illinois and southwestern Indiana.
Geology
The Wabash Valley Seismic Zone consists largely of vertically oriented ("normal") faults deeply buried under layers of sediment. Although the tectonics of the region are still not fully understood and are the subject of ongoing research, these faults are thought by some to be associated with a branch of the New Madrid aulacogen, an old rift zone where the lithosphere actively began to pull apart at perhaps two separate times in the distant past. Present-day GPS measurements show that the region deforms at about 1–2 mm/yr with compression along the Wabash Valley Fault Zone, and extension in SW Indiana. The crust in the area has been weakened by the numerous faults, which remain active sites for continuing seismic activity as the motion of the North American Plate exerts both compressional and tensional forces.
Earthquakes
This zone has been proven to have had earthquakes for the last 20,000 years, with geologic evidence that they may have been as strong as 7.0–7.5 or greater on the Richter magnitude scale.
According to the United States Geological Survey, lesser earthquakes occur relatively frequently, but those at a magnitude less than 3.5 or so are usually not felt. Ones strong enough to be felt usually happen once or twice a year, and those large enough to cause moderate damage have occurred every decade or so. Quakes in this region can be felt in a much wider range than those in other zones such as California.
The concern of seismologists Douglas Wiens and Michael E. Wysession of Washington University in St. Louis is that the New Madrid Fault may be becoming less active, while activity on the Wabash Fault could be increasing. Wiens states: "I think everyone's interested in the Wabash Valley Fault because a lot of the attention has been on the New Madrid Fault, but the Wabash Valley Fault could be the more dangerous one, at least for St. Louis and Illinois." "The strongest earthquakes in the last few years have come from the Wabash Valley Fault, which needs more investigation."
"Numerical modeling indicates that stress transfer following the 1811–12 New Madrid earthquakes may be loading faults in the Wabash Zone."
Notable modern earthquakes in this zone include:
June 10, 1987, magnitude 5.0 The earthquake was located close to Lawrenceville, Illinois.
June 18, 2002, magnitude 4.6 The earthquake was located close to Evansville, Indiana, with an epicenter between Darmstadt and Cynthiana in Posey County. Minor damage was associated with the earthquake.
April 18, 2008, magnitude 5.4 The initial magnitude 5.4 quake was followed by a 4.6 aftershock six hours later, followed by a 4.0 aftershock 3 days later. Its epicenter was located about north-northwest of Evansville, Indiana, near the communities of West Salem, Mount Carmel, and Bellmont. The quake was felt as far away as Kansas City, Atlanta, and Canada. Some minor damage was reported near the epicenter.
June 17, 2021, magnitude 3.8
Epicenter was 3 km west of Bloomingdale, Parke County, Indiana, and was felt as far away as Peoria, Illinois and northern Indiana. No damage was reported.
References
Seismic faults of the United States
Geology of Illinois
Geology of Indiana
Earthquakes in Illinois
The Sarcoglanidinae are a subfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae. It includes six genera, Ammoglanis, Malacoglanis, Microcambeva, Sarcoglanis, Stauroglanis, and Stenolicmus.
Taxonomy
The subfamily Sarcoglanidinae was first established in 1966 for Sarcoglanis simplex and Malacoglanis gelatinosus. A third species of the subfamily, Stauroglanis gouldingi, was described about 25 years later. Descriptions of additional species have followed, though most genera remain monotypic. The relationships of the genus Ammoglanis with other sarcoglanidines are not well-established; however, this genus is currently included within Sarcoglanidinae.
This subfamily has been proposed to have a sister group relationship to Glanapteryginae. Like the members of this subfamily, many glanapterygines are sand-dwelling fish.
Distribution and habitat
All genera except Microcambeva are endemic to the Amazon River; Microcambeva species are known from southeastern Brazil. Despite their scarcity in museum collections, sarcoglanidines possibly occur throughout the entire Amazon and the Orinoco basins.
Sarcoglanidines usually live in sandy banks of rivers and streams, feeding on minute arthropods.
Description
Sarcoglanidines are all very small (to the extent of some species being considered 'miniaturized'), usually not exceeding 25 mm (1.0 in) in standard length (SL); Microcambeva ribeirae is the largest species, reaching 48 mm (1.9 in) SL. All except one species are poorly pigmented, with a translucent body in life. The three pairs of barbels present in other trichomycterids are also present in these fish, though nasal barbels tend to be reduced. In addition, some taxa have barbel-like structures on the ventral surface of their heads. Sarcoglanis simplex and Malacoglanis gelatinosus possess an uncommonly deep body, a hypertrophied sac-like adipose organ above the pectoral fin, and the absence of premaxillary teeth. These two species, along with Stauroglanis gouldingi, have few or no opercular and interopercular odontodes.
The subfamily has been characterized, among other things, by a toothless upper jaw, the presence of an adipose-like fin, and the pectoral-fin rays projecting beyond the fin membrane.
References
Trichomycteridae
Fish of South America
Ray-finned fish subfamilies
Taxa named by George S. Myers
"Aún Hay Algo" (English: "There's Still Something") is the second single released from RBD's second studio album Nuestro Amor (2005). The song went to number 1 in Mexico in December 2005. It promoted the soap opera's second season.
It has a Portuguese version called "Venha de Novo O Amor" (May Love Return), which was released in Brazil as a single. Later, Brazil would have the acoustic version of "Aun Hay Algo", taken from Live in Hollywood, released as a single to promote the album in that country (the official single from "Live in Hollywood" everywhere else was "No Pares").
Chart performance
The song went to number thirty-six on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks, becoming 'Hot Shot Debut' in early March 2006. The song later peaked at number twenty-four in April 2006.
Music video
The music video for "Aún Hay Algo" was directed by Pedro Damián, making it the fourth directing job by Damián for a RBD video. Even though the video premiered in November 2005, it still enjoyed a remarkable success during the first 3 months of 2006.
The video is mainly about what every member of RBD does before performing in one of their concerts. It features the band experiencing surreal journeys through different parts of a theater. Lastly, the video shows footage of what an actual RBD concert looks like.
Release history
Awards
Charts
References
2005 singles
2006 singles
RBD songs
Spanish-language songs
Songs written by Carlos Lara (songwriter)
EMI Records singles
Farnésio Dutra e Silva (14 November 1921 – 4 August 1987), better known as Dick Farney, was a Brazilian (jazz) pianist, pop-composer, and "crooner" popular in Brazil from the late 1940s to the mid 1970s and 1980s.
He began playing piano as a child as his father taught him classical music and his mother taught him how to sing. In 1937, he debuted as a singer on the show "Hora Juvenil" of Radio Cruzeiro do Sul in Rio de Janeiro, performing the song Deep Purple composed by Pete DeRose. Dick was taken by César Ladeira to Radio Mayrink Veiga to host the program "Dick Farney, the Voice and Piano". He then formed the group "Os Swing Maniacos" alongside his brother Cyll Farney on drums. The band accompanied Edu da Gaita for the recording of "Indian Song" by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. From 1941 to 1944, he was a crooner with the orchestra of Carlos Machado at the Casino da Urca when gambling was still allowed in Brazil.
In 1946 he was invited to the United States after meeting the arranger Bill Hitchcock and pianist Eddy Duchin at the Copacabana Palace Hotel. In 1947 and 1948 he appeared on many radio shows of NBC, particularly as a regular singer at Milton Berle Show. In 1948 he performed at Vogue, a nightclub in Rio de Janeiro. In 1959 he had his own TV program, the Dick Farney Show, which was aired by TV Record - Channel 7 in São Paulo. In 1960 he formed the band Dick Farney and His Orchestra and played at many events. In 1965 he had the Dick and Betty Show on the newly created TV Globo - Channel 4, Rio de Janeiro, presented by himself and Betty Faria.
He was the owner of the nightclubs "Farney's" and "Farney's Inn", both in São Paulo. He also formed a trio with Sabá in 1971. From 1973 to 1978, he played piano and sang at the nightclub "Chez Régine" in Rio.
Discography
1944 - The Music Stopped (fox)/Mairzy doats (fox-trot) - with the Ferreira Filho Orchestra - Gravadora Continental
1944 - What's new? (fox-trot) - crooner do conjunto Milionários.
1944 - San Fernando Valley/I love you
1944 - I don't want to walk without you
1945 - This love of mine/The man I love
1946 - Copacabana/Barqueiro do rio São Francisco - with Eduardo Patané
1946 - Era ela/Ela foi embora
1947 - Worth Duckin' (parody of the Duckworth Chant, on A side of V-Disc 799, with Leroy "Slam" Stewart on bass and scat-singing)
1947 - Just an Old Love of Min (Peggy Lee/Dave Barbour)/For Once in My Life (Fisher/Segal) with Paul Baron and his Orchestra
1947 - Marina/Foi e não voltou
1947 - Gail in Galico/For sentimental reasons
1948 - Ser ou não ser/Um cantinho e você
1948 - Meu Rio de Janeiro/A saudade mata a gente
1948 - Esquece/Somos dois…
1949 - Ponto final/Olhos tentadores
1949 - Junto de mim/Sempre teu
1950 - Não tem solução/Lembrança do passado - gravadora Sinter
1951 - Uma loira/Meu erro
1951 - Canção do vaqueiro/Nick Bar
1952 - Mundo distante/Não sei a razão
1952 - Luar sobre a Guanabara/Fim de romance
1952 - Sem esse céu/Alguém como tu
1953 - Perdido de amor/Meu sonho
1953 - Nova ilusão/João Sebastião Bach
1953 - April in Paris/All the things you are
1953 - Speak low/You keep coming back like a song
1954 - Copacabana/My melancholy baby
1954 - Tenderly/How soon - Majestic Records
1954 - Somebody loves me/There's no sweeter word than sweetheart
1954 - Marina/For once in your life
1954 - Grande verdade/Você se lembra?
1954 - Outra vez/Canção do mar
1954 - Tereza da praia/Casinha pequenina - with Lúcio Alves
1954 - Música romântica com Dick Farney-
1954 - Sinfonia do Rio de Janeiro
1955 - A saudade mata a gente
1955 - Foi você/Tudo isto é amor
1955 - Dick Farney e seu Quinteto
1955 - Bem querer/Sem amor nada se tem
1955 - Dick Farney on Broadway
1956 - Jingle bells/White Christmas/Feliz Natal
1956 - Jazz Festival
1956 - Jazz after midnight
1956 - Meia-noite em Copacabana com Dick Farney
1956 - Dick Farney Trio
1957 - Un argentino en Brasil/Nem fala meu nome
1957 - O ranchinho e você/Só eu sei
1957 - Toada de amor/O luar e eu…
1959 - Este seu olhar/Se é por falta de adeus
1959 - Esquecendo você/Amor sem adeus
1959 - Atendendo a pedidos
1960 - Dick Farney em canções para a noite de meu bem
1960 - Dick Farney e seu jazz moderno no auditório de O Globo
1960 - Dick Farney no Waldorf
1961 - Somos dois/Uma loura
1961 - Dick Farney Jazz
1961 - Dick Farney Show
1961 - Jam Session
1962 - Dick Farney apresenta sua orquestra no auditório de O Globo - featuring Leny Andrade
1965 - Meia-noite em Copacabana
1967 - Dick Farney, piano e Orquestra Gaya
1972 - Penumbra e romance
1973 - Dick Farney
1973 - Concerto de Jazz ao vivo
1974 - Dick Farney e você
1974 - Um piano ao cair da tarde
1975 - Um piano ao cair da tarde II
1976 - Dick Farney
1976 - Tudo isso é amor - with Claudette Soares
1977 - Cinco anos de jazz
1978 - Dick Farney
1978 - Tudo isso é amor II
1979 - Dick Farney: o cantor, o pianista, o diretor de orquestra - série Retrospecto - gravadora RGE
1981 - Noite
1983 - Feliz de amor
1985 - Momentos
1987 - Dick Farney "ao vivo" (Arte do espetáculo)
References
External links
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/dick-farney-mn0000254561/biography
http://www.last.fm/music/Dick+Farney/+wiki
1921 births
1987 deaths
Brazilian pianists
20th-century Brazilian male singers
Musicians from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian pianists
Male pianists
Ivan Rudež (born 22 December 1979) is a Croatian professional basketball coach who last served as a head coach for Donar of the Dutch Basketball League (DBL).
Coaching career
Rudež started as a coach at KK Zrinjevac in 2004, where he coached both U18 and senior teams. In 2007, he went to Slovakia, where he coached BC Prievidza until 2010. After that, Rudež was named an assistant coach of the Croatian club Cedevita.
In the summer of 2011, Rudež took over BC Vienna of the Austrian Bundesliga as the head coach. After compiling a record of three wins and six losses in the Austrian top flight he parted ways with the club in November 2011 and then moved to Cibona where he served as assistant coach to Jasmin Repeša.
In 2012, Rudež signed as the head coach with the Swiss side Lions de Genève, where he worked until 2016. He was awarded Coach of the Year twice, and won two national championships and three national cup titles.
Between 2016 and 2018, Rudež led the Slovakia men's national team.
In November 2018, Rudež accepted the position as the head coach of the PS Karlsruhe Lions in the German second-tier ProA league. He guided the team to the playoffs in 2018–19, where they lost to top-seeded Chemnitz in the quarter-finals. He was sacked in early Februar 2020. At that time, the Karlsruhe team was 15th of 17 teams in the ProA league having won seven of 22 games that season.
On 17 April 2020, Rudež signed a three-year deal with Donar in the Netherlands. On 13 April 2021, he was fired by the club following a 70-96 loss to ZZ Leiden. At that time, the team ranked third in the Dutch Basketball League standings, but had won only two of the previous seven league games.
Personal life
His younger brother Damjan is a professional basketball player who has played with the Indiana Pacers, Minnesota Timberwolves and Orlando Magic in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
References
1979 births
Croatian basketball coaches
Living people
Sportspeople from Zagreb
Donar (basketball club) coaches
Sergio Bello (born 6 May 1942) is an Italian former sprinter, third with the 4x400 metres relay at the 1971 European Athletics Championships. He was born in Intra.
Biography
Bello has 45 caps in Italy national athletics team (from 1961 to 1972). In his career he participated in three editions of the Olympic Games and won the Italian Athletics Championships 6 times.
Achievements
National titles
5 wins in 400 metres at the Italian Athletics Championships (1965, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1969)
1 win in 400 metres hurdles at the Italian Athletics Championships (1970)
See also
Italy national athletics team - More caps
Italy national relay team
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Italian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
European Athletics Championships medalists
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 1967 Mediterranean Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Universiade gold medalists for Italy
Universiade bronze medalists for Italy
Italian Athletics Championships winners
Medalists at the 1963 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1965 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1967 Summer Universiade
People from Intra
Sportspeople from the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
John Tomasso (17 November 1896 – 1979), better known as Ernie Rice, was a British boxer who was British and European lightweight champion between 1921 and 1922. After retiring from boxing he became an actor, appearing in several films and television series.
Career
Born in Hull in 1896, Ernie Rice fought out of Hounslow and made his professional début in December 1911 with a loss to Bill Mansell. His early record was undistinguished and in 1917 lost six of his first nine fights, including a defeat at the hands of French champion Georges Papin.
He beat Joe Conn in November 1920 and in April 1921 knocked out Ben Callicott in the seventh round to win the British lightweight title vacated by Bob Marriott. A month later he fought Papin again, this time with Papin's European lightweight title at stake; Papin retired in the tenth round, giving Rice the European title to add to his British title.
Later in 1921 he travelled to the United States where he stopped Richie Mitchell in the fourth round, Mitchell suffering a broken arm, and lost due to a cut eye to Sailor Friedman at Madison Square Garden.
In September 1922 he was beaten on points over 20 rounds by Seaman Nobby Hall at Liverpool Stadium, losing his British and European titles.
Three wins in 1923 set him up for another challenge for the British and European titles, then held by Harry Mason. Mason won on points to retain the titles.
After losing to Fred Bretonnel in Paris in December 1923, Rice travelled to Australia in May 1924 where he had seven fights. In June 1925 he beat South African champion Reggie Hull in Durban before returning to England.
After returning to his home country in August he had a run of six straight wins between October 1925 and January 1926, including wins over Ernie Izzard and Billy Bird, and in February 1926 challenged for Mason's British title at the Royal Albert Hall; Rice was disqualified in the fifth round for a low blow.
Rice drew with Alf Simmons in March 1926, but beat him in a rematch three months later.
It was almost two years before Rice returned to the ring. After beating Sam Minto in April, in September 1928 he faced Sam Steward for the British title vacated by Mason. In what was the last British title fight to be staged over 20 rounds, Steward knocked Rice out in the twelfth round.
Rice was again out of the ring for two years, returning in September 1930 to face Mason in what would be Rice's final fight. The two came to blows at the Savoy Hotel prior to the fight at a meeting to decide on a referee. The fight was over quickly, with Rice disqualified after 12 seconds after hitting Mason three times while he was on the canvas.
After retiring from boxing, Rice became a boxing referee and also had a career in acting, appearing in films such as Keep Fit (1937), Oliver Twist (1948), The Lavender Hill Mob (1951), Lawrence of Arabia (1962), and several Carry On films and television series.
Ernie Rice's brother Bandsman Dick Rice was also a successful boxer who fought for British, European, and World titles. His other brother Toni was also a boxer before becoming a professional musician and the leader of the Santa Maria Dance Band, which regularly performed on British radio.
References
External links
Career record at boxrec.com
Career record at boxinghistory.org.uk
1896 births
1979 deaths
Sportspeople from Kingston upon Hull
Boxers from Greater London
English male boxers
Lightweight boxers
20th-century English male actors
English male film actors
English male television actors
George Barnabas Kirya, MBChB, MMed, MSc, Dip.Bact., LLD (Honorary), is a Ugandan physician, academic, microbiologist, politician, and diplomat. He served as the chairman of the Uganda Health Services Commission from 2007 to 2012. Previously, from 1997 until 2003, he served as Uganda's High Commissioner to the United Kingdom.
Background and education
He was born at Ngora Hospital in 1939 to Joshua Kirya, a Mugwere from the Eastern Region, and Miriam Najjemba a Muganda from Uganda's Central Region. Kirya attended Busoga College Mwiri for his O-Level studies.
He then transferred to Mbale Secondary School for his A-Level education. In 1961, he entered the Makerere University School of Medicine, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery degree in 1966. He then obtained a Master of Science in Microbiology in 1971 from the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom. His diploma in Bacteriology was obtained from the University of Manchester in 1975. In 2001, in recognition of his service as a diplomat, the University of Birmingham awarded him an honorary Doctor of Laws degree.
Career
Following his internship at Mulago Hospital, Kirya joined the Master of Medicine postgraduate program, speculating in microbiology. Upon graduation from the MMed program, he joined the East African Virus Research Institute (EAVRI), a department of the East African Community, which is now known as the Uganda Virus Research Institute. He served as a research officer before becoming the principal medical research officer and head of arbovirology at EAVRI.
From 1970 until 1973, he served as visiting lecturer in the Department of Microbiology at Makerere University School of Medicine. From 1973 to 1975, he was a senior lecturer at Makerere, teaching microbiology, surveillance, and research at undergraduate and post-graduate levels. He served as a professor and head of the Department of Medical Microbiology at Makerere from 1978 until 1986.
From April 1986 until November 1990, he served as Vice-Chancellor of Makerere University, Uganda's largest public university. In 1997, he was appointed Uganda's High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, serving in that position until 2003.
He returned to Uganda in 2003 and was appointed chairman of the Uganda Health Services Commission, serving in that capacity until 2012. Between 2007 and 2011, he served as the Chancellor of Lugazi University.
Other responsibilities
Professor George Kirya has written extensively in peer journals in the field of virology, with emphasis on arbovirology. He also writes articles in Ugandan, nationally circulated English language newspapers. He is the Chairman of the board of directors of THETA, a Ugandan NGO that aims "to improve health and access to health care through promotion of collaboration between the traditional and biomedical health care systems".
See also
Bagwere
Pallisa District
References
External links
Professor George Kirya Was A Victim of Gang Violence In London
Profile at Afdevinfo.com
Living people
1939 births
Makerere University alumni
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Ugandan diplomats
Vice-chancellors of universities in Uganda
People from Eastern Region, Uganda
High Commissioners of Uganda to the United Kingdom
People from Pallisa District
Ugandan microbiologists
People educated at Busoga College
This page provides brief details of primary schools in the borough of Hertsmere in Hertfordshire, England, United Kingdom.
All the state-funded primary schools in Hertsmere are co-educational. There are two Jewish schools, three Roman Catholic schools and three Churches of England schools in the district, all of which are voluntary aided schools with the exception of St John's (Radlett) which is a voluntary controlled school. Except for four foundation schools, the remaining schools are all non-faith community schools. The Local Education Authority is Hertfordshire County Council.
There are still some linked pairs of infant schools and junior schools, with the infant school covering Reception and Key Stage 1 (Years 1 and 2) and the junior school covering Key Stage 2 (Years 3 to 6). However most have been amalgamated in a single Junior Mixed Infant (JMI) school or (equivalently) primary school.
Bushey
The first public elementary schools in Bushey were national schools, established in 1827 in buildings near St James's church.
As usual for the time, there were separate schools for infants and older boys and girls.
A non-denominational British school for boys was built on Merry Hill Lane (now School Lane) in 1845, after which the boys' national school soon closed.
In 1866, Arthur Ashfield donated £5455 to the boys' school, which was renamed Ashfield School in 1919.
When the Bushey school board was established in 1879, it took over the running of the three schools, moving the girls' and infants schools from the Congregational Church lecture hall to new premises on Merry Hill Lane in 1885.
The girls' school was renamed Bushey Girls' Board School in 1889, and Merry Hill Board School in 1900, amalgamating with the infants department in 1923.
In 1972 the last junior girls left the school, now known as Merry Hill Infants School and linked with Ashfield School.
The board also established an infants school on The Rutts in 1879, absorbing a girls' and infants school founded in 1850.
The school was extended and modernised in 1967, becoming Bushey Heath Primary School.
The Bushey board also built schools for infants, boys and girls on London Road, on the site now occupied by Bushey Health Centre.
The infants school was abolished in 1929, when the girls' school became a senior school.
London Road Boys' Elementary School moved to Grange Road in 1957, becoming Bushey Manor Junior School in the 1960s.
It is linked with Bushey and Oxhey Infant School, which is just inside the boundary of Watford.
Radlett and Shenley
St Martin's School was established in Shenley in 1841, next to the church, which was built at the same time.
It was a national school, and catered for boys only.
In 1853 the National School for Girls (now the village hall) was built.
The Shenley School Board was established in 1878, and built a Board School for Girls and Infants, replacing the girls' national school.
The board school building on London Road forms part of Shenley Primary School today.
The first elementary school serving Radlett, Elstree and Borehamwood was Medburn Boys Elementary School established in 1864 on Watling Street to the south of Radlett.
The school was built by the Brewers' Company to replace the demolished lower school of Aldenham School.
In the 1870s, under the Endowed Schools Act 1869, Commissioners diverted more than half of the proceeds of the sale of land in St Pancras, left by Richard Platt as the endowment of Aldenham School, which had been compulsorily purchased as the site of the new St Pancras railway station. £8,000 went to two elementary schools, Medburn School, Radlett, and Delrow School, Aldenham, and Radlett Girls and Infant Elementary School was built at the bottom of Loom Lane in 1878. A separate infants school was established in Cobden Hill in 1902.
All three schools were run by the Church of England until 1944.
By the late 1950s, after the construction of Fair Field Junior School.
the Loom lane and Cobden Hill buildings operated just as an infant school with what are now year 1 classes at Cobden Hill and year 2 classes at Loom Lane. They closed in the 1960s, after the construction of Newberries Primary School and St Johns Church of England Infant and Nursery School . The buildings of the former boys' school are now Medburn Kennels, while the former girls' school buildings are now a private house and the Youth and Community Centre.
The Platt funds were also used to establish Delrow Boys Elementary School in Summerhouse Lane, Round Bush (serving Aldenham) in 1865, lasting until the 1930s.
Clore Shalom School and Hertsmere Jewish Primary School are the only Jewish faith primary schools in Hertfordshire, and are feeders for Yavneh College in Borehamwood.
Borehamwood and Elstree
Potters Bar
The first National School to serve Potters Bar was erected on Barnet Road between St. Vincent's Way and Hill Rise, in October 1839.
It was replaced in 1872 by St John's School, which lasted until 1954.
A new infants' school was built on the High Street in August 1861 by Rev. H.G. Watkins on his own land, and took over the infants from the national school.
The building still stands, and is Grade II listed.
It housed an expanded senior school from 1833 to 1938, after which it became an infant and junior school, renamed Ladbrooke School after the farm to the West of the High Street that had just been replaced by a housing estate.
In April 1998 the school moved to new buildings on the site of the former Parkfield School (1938–1960).
The new access road to the school was named Watkins Rise in memory of the school's founder.
A former school in the area was Sunnybank Primary School (1960–2007) .
See also
Secondary schools in Hertsmere :
Bushey Meads School
Dame Alice Owen's School
The Grange Academy
Hertswood Academy
Mount Grace School
Queens' School
Yavneh College
References
External links
Schooling in Potters Bar, Potters Bar History Online.
Schools in Hertsmere
Hertsmere
Train () is one of the many municipalities of Germany in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kelheim (district)
Magyarlukafa () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The 1969–70 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 31st season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1969 in Norwegian sport
1970 in Norwegian sport
Mahishya, also spelled Mahisya, is a Bengali Hindu traditionally agrarian caste, and formed the largest caste in undivided Bengal. Mahishyas are considered as Forward caste.
Mahisyas traditionally lived in Bengal and Orissa region. In late twentieth century the Mahisyas were considered as the single most important 'middle-caste' group in south-western Bengal and the dominant caste in lower Midnapore district and southern 24 Parganas. They predominantly live in South Bengal, especially in the districts of Purba Medinipur, Paschim Medinipur, Hooghly, South 24 Parganas, Purba Bardhaman, Paschim Bardhaman and Howrah.
Mythology
According to ancient texts like Manusmriti, the term Mahishya refers to one born to a Kshatriya father and a Vaishya mother, supposed to be engaged in the profession of astronomy or agriculture.
History
The group now known as Mahishyas were originally known as Kaibartas or Kaivartas. From eighth to thirteenth century, there are numerous examples of Kaibartas holding posts of administrators and legal officers. Since Buddhism was prevalent in Bengal during that period, they had become Buddhists, though the 'Hele' Kaivartas only were allowed education associated with Buddhism. During Pala regime, many Kaivartas, alternatively with Brahmins, acted as ministers in royal courts. In eleventh century, in a rebellious hostility, Divya, originally a feudal chief (Samanta), killed Mahipala II , seized Varendri and established a regime there. For a short time Varendri bowed to the supremacy of three Kaibarta kings - Divya, Rudok and Bhima. According to historian Romila Thapar, this is perhaps the first peasant rebellion in Indian history. In his rule Bhima dispossessed the brahmanical and other beneficiaries and levied taxes from them, and prioritized the interests of the peasants. During early mediaeval period some of the Kaibartas were versed in Sanskrit and composed poetry.
At the end of 19th century scholars appeared to differ on the rank of the Mahisyas in Bengal society. Sankritist and antiquarian Rajendralal Mitra appeared to believe that Mahisyas were a caste of small farmers and could not afford forces of modernity such as school education. But Jogendranath Bhattacharya, who published a major book on castes and sects in Bengal in 1896, wrote that they were a fairly advanced caste, counting among them quasi-royal families in Midnapore and a large number of professionals including lawyers and university graduates.
These advanced individuals, who were then known as Chashi Kaibartas, assumed the caste name Mahisya sometime during the late 1890s.
Mahisyas were, and are, probably the most diverse Bengali caste. They counted among their ranks individuals and families from all possible classes in terms of material conditions. In 24 Parganas they constituted the bulk of 'lathdar' landholders of sundarbans. In Nadia district, they formed the lower middle class and some had become rich by working as 'sarkars' to the indigo planters. In Calcutta there was a large mahishya contingent working as traders. There were the legendary rajas of Midnapore or major landed families in Calcutta. On the other hand, Mahisyas had a substantial number of lawyers and industrialists too, and numerous modest entrepreneurs in the iron foundry sector in Howrah in the mid-20th century. Although among mahishyas there were numerous peasants with large landholdings, large number of them were small peasants and sharecroppers. Landless among them worked as agricultural labourers and daily-wage earners.
Although many are still involved in traditional work in rural areas, within a generation Mahishyas gave up agriculture in large numbers in favour of engineering and skilled labour in the urbanised areas of Howrah and Kolkata. In Howrah, the Mahishyas are the most numerous and successful businesspeople. At the turn of the 20th century, much of the land and factories were owned by Kayasthas; but by 1967, the Mahisya community owned 67 percent of the engineering businesses in the district.
Role in Independence Movement
Mahishyas played a prominent role in the nationalist movement. During Civil disobedience movement(1930–34) the mahishyas paved the way for future course of actions leading to virtual breakdown of British Administration in the areas of Tamluk and Contai.
Deshapran Birendranath Sasmal, the tallest Mahisya political leader, who had led the non-cooperation movement in Midnapore and had been a rival of Subhas Chandra Bose for the position of the Mayor of Calcutta during the 1920s.
By the 1940s, Mahisyas were the backbone of the Congress-led militant nationalist movement in Midnapore and South Bengal as a whole. As a matter of fact, a majority of leaders and foot soldiers of the Quit India movement in Midnapore were Mahisyas. They had set up a parallel government Tamralipta Jatiya Sarkar in Tamluk which ran for nearly two years(1942–44). It had its own army, judiciary and finance department. Biplabi, the mouthpiece of the parallel national government in Midnapore, was later published in English. Copies of the original are still available at the Nehru Memorial Museum & Library in Delhi. At the same time, some of the most devoted Gandhians in Bengal were Mahisyas, such as late Satish Chandra Samanta.
Varna status
In 19th century Bengal, Chasi Kaibartas were identified as one of the Sat Shudras (clean Shudras), though the Jalia Kaibartas and the priests of the Kaibartas were considered as unclean. The Mahishyas have generally been considered as 'middle-ranking shudras' in the caste structure of Bengal. Like South India, the social groups of eastern India have traditionally been divided in two groups - Brahmins and Shudras. In 1901, Mahishyas claimed to be Vaishyas, which status was also claimed by their priests Gaudadya Brahmins for Mahishyas. In 1931 census, they claimed to be recorded as Kshatriyas or Mahishya Kshatriyas.
Social stigma
Although the financial, social, and political success of Mahishyas is notable, they have often been stigmatised due to their agrarian roots. Mahishyas have not been averse to manual labour (often considered demeaning by "higher castes"); for example, Birendranath Sasmal was refused the post of Chief Executive of the Calcutta Municipal Corporation by Chittaranjan Das on the grounds that his appointment would offend the Kayasthas of the city. The job ultimately went to Subhas Chandra Bose.
Notable People
Spirituality
Rani Rashmoni, founder of Dakshineswar Kali Temple
Freedom Fighters
Birendranath Sasmal, freedom fighter, barrister and politician
Hemchandra Kanungo, one of the first revolutionaries to go abroad, co-creator of India's first unofficial flag
Basanta Kumar Biswas, freedom fighter, attempted assassination of Lord Hardinge
Matangini Hazra, martyr during the Quit India Movement
Satish Chandra Samanta, freedom fighter, established a parallel government in Tamluk during the British Raj
Sushil Kumar Dhara, freedom fighter, established a parallel government in Tamluk during the British Raj
Industrialists
Alamohan Das, pioneering industrialist and founder of India Machinery Co., namesake of Dasnagar
Journalist
Sunil Janah, leftist photojournalist and documentary photographer.
Sportspersons
Sailen Manna, Indian footballer and only Asian to be named among the 10 best Captains in the world by the English FA
Ashok Dinda, Indian cricketer
Academics
Anil Kumar Gain, mathematician and statistician, founder of Vidyasagar University
Mani Lal Bhaumik, physicist and a bestselling author
Politicians
Ujjal Biswas, present Minister for correctional administration in the Government of West Bengal
Abha Maiti, former minister of state for industry of Government of India from 1977 to 1979.
Anil Biswas, former secretary of the West Bengal State (CPI(M)) and member of the party's Polit Bureau
See also
Ramacharitam
Dibar Dighi
References
Bengali Hindu castes
Indian castes
Demographic history of India
Social groups of West Bengal
Asmabağ is a village in the Altınyayla district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Altınyayla District
0010x0010 is a Dutch-born audiovisual artist, currently living in Los Angeles.
Early years
In his early years, being inspired by underground techno, he released a series of vinyl records under various pseudonyms (only one using his real name) and he performed live acid techno sets at underground parties such as Acid Rain at Amsterdam Graansilo. During the recording sessions for one of the tracks he produced for ex Soul II Soul and The Shamen singer Victoria Wilson James's album on Sony Music, it was suggested that he audition for the "De Bende van Venlo", a theatre piece based on a true crime story. He was cast in one of the lead roles and performed over thirty European shows.
Los Angeles
After the theatre experience, Universal / Island Records won the label-bidding and signed him as an artist and producer. He released one single and one video before he left the label due to creative differences and moved from London to Los Angeles to work on his art, film, photography and editing career.
In late 2015, he finished working as the visual supervisor of a documentary about Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky based on his diaries Time within Time, starring Tonino Guerra.
In 2016, he released two EPs (as 0010x0010 and T3TSUO 303) on his Generation Acid label which both landed in the Beatport Techno Top 100 charts. The May 2017 released acid techno album |||Ø||| made it to the techno and house top 10 charts on both Beatport and Juno Records.
In June 2018, he opened the Hong Kong art gallery Nido Asia with the pop up exhibition "Collixion 中" featuring Audio Visual installations and an interactive live show in collaboration with local Hong Kong artist Quistography.
Meanwhile, his techno music releases "Alien Love Syndrome" and "Stranded on Neptune" were in heavy club and festival rotation after being played by Dax J and DJ Rush for their Boiler Room (music project) TV sets and his dark trip hop song "She'll never be me" featuring vocalist Shexist was used in a prominent scene in the 2016 film Compulsion. The song also appeared on the "We are not alone" playlist curated by Ellen Allien. During his traveling through Asia and Europe, he started to record his album "MØDVLXXR" using strictly modular synthesizers. He finished the album at his studio in Los Angeles and it was released in July 2019 to support his new exhibition "MØDVLXXR" that premiered the same month at Museum of Contemporary Art in Bangkok and was opened by Boonchai Bencharongkul. Both album and exhibition received positive reviews and support from radio and magazines.
References
External links
0010x0010 on Beatport
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dutch electronic musicians
Audiovisual artists
Dutch DJs
Dutch photographers
Dutch contemporary artists
Dutch digital artists
Dutch installation artists
Dutch video artists
Dark ambient musicians
Ambient musicians
Dutch multimedia artists
Electronic dance music DJs
The Open Concurrent Design Server (OCDS) is an initiative of the European Space Agency, ESA. The OCDS aimed to provide the building blocks of a Concurrent, Collaborative and Distributed Engineering for the European Space Industry, using Open Standards Information Models and Reference Libraries.
The OCDS aimed to be the vehicle to distribute ESA's Concurrent Design Facility Concurrent Design methodology and a set of tools to the Space industry, organisations and academia. At the same time it distributes an open data exchange standard for early phase space system engineering and design activities described in ECSS-E-TM-10-25.
The OCDS helps the European Space Community to:
Increase Data Management Capabilities, including Life Cycle Data Management
Support the information longevity objective
Achieve a hardware and software independent solution
Optimise the design process
Consolidate Design Models in a repository based on open standards
Improve communication to Contractors and partners, using Open and publicly available standards (e.g. ISO, ECSS, ....)
Streamline the communications to other ESA corporate applications using model based integration
Connect data to product assurance (PA/QA) activities.
Industrial Consortium
The OCDS has been developed under ESA contract by a Consortium led by DNV with the support of EPMT, Daysha, and Critical as
subcontractors.
Status
The OCDS development was abandoned, the software was never used in production. The development was redirected to a new development called Open Concurrent Design Tool (OCDT).
References
External links
ESA CDF website
CDF published reports
RHEA Group
DNV
EPMT
Daysha
Critical
ECSS
European Space Agency
George Alexander McQuibban (September 2, 1886 – January 30, 1937) was a physician and political figure in Ontario. A Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, he represented Wellington Northeast from 1926 to 1934 and Wellington North from 1934 to his death in 1937.
He was born in Ingersoll, the son of James McQuibban and Helen Robertson, and was educated in Harriston and at the University of Toronto. He set up practice in Alma in partnership with his brother James.
References
External links
1886 births
1937 deaths
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
People from Ingersoll, Ontario
This is a list of bacon substitutes. A number of substitutes exist for people who, for ethical, environmental, health, religious, or other reasons, prefer not to eat bacon. The flavor of smoked paprika resembles cooked bacon to some people.
Bacon substitutes
See also
List of bacon dishes
List of meat substitutes
Meat analogue
Vegetarian bacon
References
Bacon substitutes
Bacon
Substitutes
The Early Day Christian Martyrs was a short film made in 1900 by the Limelight Department of The Salvation Army in Australia. It ran for 100 feet., and was the first narrative film produced in Australia.
It is likely footage from the film wound up in Soldiers of the Cross.
References
External links
Australian historical films
Australian silent short films
1900 films
Australian black-and-white films
Limelight Department films
1900s historical films
Blázquez is a Spanish surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Sports
Adrián Embarba Blázquez (born 1992), Spanish footballer
Fátima Blázquez (born 1975), Spanish cyclist
Guillermo Bárcena Blázquez (born 1994), Cuban footballer
Joaquín Blázquez (born 2001), Argentine footballer
Joel Robles Blázquez (born 1990), Spanish footballer
Manuel Blázquez (born 1989), Spanish basketball player
Ramón Blázquez (born 1989), Spanish footballer
Sebastián Blázquez (born 1979), Argentine football goalkeeper
Sergio Blázquez Sánchez (born 1990), better known as Tekio, Spanish footballer
Other
Antonio Blázquez y Delgado-Aguilera (1859–1950), Spanish geographer, historian and bibliographer
Eladia Blázquez (1931–2005), Argentine singer and composer
Fernán Blázquez de Cáceres ( 1364), Spanish nobleman
Jesús Blázquez (born 1962), Spanish historian, biographer and librarian
José González Blázquez (1630–1698), Roman Catholic prelate
Juan Blázquez de Cáceres ( 1229), Spanish soldier and nobleman
Ricardo Blázquez (born 1942), Spanish cardinal
Sandra Blázquez (born 1987), Spanish actress
See also
San Carlos Circuit is a motorsport race track located in San Carlos, Venezuela. From 1977 to 1979, it hosted the Venezuelan motorcycle Grand Prix.
Lap records
The official race lap records at the San Carlos Circuit are listed as:
External links
Track information
Motorsport venues in Venezuela
Grand Prix motorcycle circuits
Bryan-Clovis Ngwabije (born 30 May 1998) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Sporting Lyon. Born in France, he represents the Rwanda national team.
Professional career
A youth product of Lyon, Ngwabije began his career with their reserve side, before stints with Andrézieux and Guingamp II. On 6 June 2020, he transferred to Sporting Lyon in the Championnat National.
International career
Born in France, Ngwabije is of Rwandan descent. He was called up to represent the Rwanda national team for friendlies in June 2021. He debuted for Rwanda in a 2–0 friendly win over the Central African Republic on 3 June 2021.
References
External links
Lyon Profile
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Lyon
Rwandan footballers
Rwanda international footballers
French footballers
French people of Rwandan descent
Association football defenders
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
The Tekhuri () is a right tributary of the river Rioni in Georgia.
The Tekhuri rises in the Egrisi Range below the 3002 m high summit Tekhurishdudi. It flows through the region Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti in a predominantly south-south-west direction. In the middle course it flows past the place Salkhino near Martvili. Finally it reaches the Colchian Plain, flows southeast of the city Senaki and turns south. Shortly afterwards the Abasha meets the Tekhuri from the left. After another 10 km the Tekhuri flows into the Rioni. It is long, and has a drainage basin of .
Fauna
River has plenty of fish. There are many important game fish, including: bleak (Alburnus), common barbel (Barbus barbus), barbel (Chondrostoma nasus), chub, luciobarbus mursa. Tekhuri also has trout, but Georgian legislation prohibits fishing for it.
References
Rivers of Georgia (country)
Igor Yuryevich Makarov (; born 10 June 1970) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1988 for FC Torpedo Vladimir.
Honours
Soviet Cup finalist: 1992.
References
1970 births
People from Yuryev-Polsky District
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
FC Baltika Kaliningrad players
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
FC Metallurg Lipetsk players
Russian football managers
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
FC Torpedo Vladimir players
FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod players
Sportspeople from Vladimir Oblast
The Nokia C2-02 is mobile telephone handset produced by Nokia. This is one of the first mobile phones released by Nokia that possesses a touchscreen in a "slider" form factor (the other one being Nokia C2-03 body which is a dual-SIM variant).This phone is also known as Nokia C2-02 Touch and Type.
Features
The key feature of this phone is touch and type. It means that the phone has touch screen and alpha-numeric (12 key) keyboard but no navigation or soft keys. Other main features include: a 2.0-megapixel camera, Maps (disputable.) (Customers who never received maps have their phones loaded with Nokia Life Tools application), Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR, Flash Lite 3.0 and MIDP Java 2.1 with additional Java APIs.
Specification sheet
References
External links
http://www.gsmarena.com/nokia_c2_02-3996.php
Nokia C2-02 Device specifications at Forum Nokia
C2-02
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Slider phones
Mobile phones introduced in 2011
William Bradbury (3 April 1933 – 9 August 1999) was an English professional footballer who scored 102 goals from 257 appearances in the Football League playing for Coventry City, Birmingham City, Hull City, Bury, Workington and Southport. He played as an inside forward.
Career
Bradbury was born in Matlock, Derbyshire. As a youngster he played for the Rowsley and District Youth League XI, and went on to turn professional with Coventry City. He played 24 league games in four years with Coventry and then spent a short time with Birmingham City, where the number of top-class forwards – all five reached double figures of goals scored in the 1954–55 season – made it hard for him to break through. He joined Hull City in October 1955.
Despite joining halfway through the season, Bradbury finished as Hull's leading scorer, with nine league goals as the club were relegated from the Second Division. For the next three seasons he also finished as leading scorer, with 18, 19 and 30 league goals respectively; the latter total remains (as of 2009) Hull's post-Second World War league record, and made a major contribution to the club's promotion back to the Second Division in the 1958–59 season. Hull teammate Andy Davidson described him thus:
In February 1960, Bradbury joined Bury for a fee of £5,000. He was unable to keep his place in the 1960–61 season, asked for a transfer, and spent the remainder of the season in the Fourth Division with Workington. He then had a season at Southport, another as player-coach with Wigan Athletic, where he scored 13 goals in 27 Cheshire League appearances, and finished his career with Prescot Cables and Kirkby Town.
Bradbury died of a heart attack in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, in 1999 at the age of 66.
Bill Bradbury attended the Ernest Bailey Grammar School in Matlock, Derbyshire from 1944 to 1949. I (Neil Ollerenshaw) was in the same form with Bill throughout those years. He was a reasonable scholar, but not academically minded. His passion was football and he was a leading member of the daily, lunchtime, pickup game of football on the school tennis courts, using a tennis ball of course. I was told that his father, at that time a groundskeeper for the Chairman of Derbyshire Stone Ltd. had been a professional footballer and played for Leyton Orient. Bill's closest friends at school were Roy Griffiths and Lou Finney.
References
External links
1933 births
1999 deaths
People from Matlock, Derbyshire
English footballers
Association football forwards
Coventry City F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
Bury F.C. players
Workington A.F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Prescot Cables F.C. players
English Football League players
Knowsley United F.C. players
The Ministry of Emergency Situations of Belarus () is a government agency overseeing emergency services in Belarus. It is responsible for protecting the Belarusian people during natural disasters. It is located on Revaliucyjnaja Street in Minsk. The Ministry for Emergency Situations was established in accordance a decree of President Alexander Lukashenko on September 23, 1994.
Duties
The ministry performs the following duties:
Control and management in the sphere of prevention and liquidation of emergency situations of natural and man-made disasters and civil defense
Provide fire, industrial, nuclear and radiation safety
Dealing with the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
The creation and preservation of state and mobilization material reserves
Regulation in the field of safety of navigation of small vessels on inland waterways of Belarus
Structure
Apparatus
Minister
First Deputy Minister
Deputy Ministers
Deputy Minister
Deputy Minister
Deputy Minister
Assistant Minister - Spokesman
General Directorate of the State System for Prevention and Elimination of Emergencies and Civil Protection
Management of Emergency Services and Emergency Response
Office Management and Enforcement
Personnel Management
Logistics Management
Office of International Cooperation
Management of Surveillance and Prevention
Legal Support Management
Management of Financial and Economic Work
Department of Science and Innovation Development
Operational Management Department
Department of Organization of Public Education and Training
Department of Regime-Secret Work
Communication and Alerts Department
Construction Department
Sector of Ideological Work
Mobilization Sector
Security Sector
Territorial Directorates
Brest Oblast Directorate
Vitebsk Oblast Directorate
Gomel Oblast Directorate
Grodno Oblast Directorate
Minsk Oblast Directorate
Mogilev City Directorate
Minsk City Directorate
Educational and scientific departments
University of Civil Protection of the Ministry of Emergency Situations
Research Institute of Fire Safety and Emergencies
Lyceum at the Gomel Engineering Institute
State Aviation Emergency Rescue Institution
Republican Special Detachment
Republican Center for Emergency Management and Response
Republican Center for Certification and Examination of Licensed Activities
Republican Logistics Center
Republican Control and Revision Inspectorate
Centralized Accounting
Subordinate government organizations
Evacuation Administration
Scientific Production Republican Unitary Enterprise "Security Emergency"
Belinvestkamplekt Republican Unitary Enterprise
Diekos Republican Unitary Enterprise
Institute of Radiology
Uniform Production
Polesie Republican Unit
Radon Specialized Unit
Bellesavia Republican Unit
Children's Rehabilitation and Wellness Center
Zhdanovichi State Reserve
Polesie State Radiation Ecological Reserve
Protection Units
See also
Ministry of Emergency Situations (disambiguation)
Armed Forces of Belarus
References
External links
- Official Website
МЧС Беларуси - Official Youtube
Websites of directorates
Brest Oblast Directorate
Vitebsk Oblast Directorate
Gomel Oblast Directorate
Grodno Oblast Directorate
Minsk Oblast Directorate
Mogilev City Directorate
Minsk City Directorate
Government ministries of Belarus
Government of Belarus
Linum strictum, commonly known as rigid flax, upright flax, and upright yellow flax, is a species of flax that has a rigid stem, from whence it derives its taxonomic name, growing to a height of 10–45 cm. The plant is endemic to the Mediterranean region, and features highly in classical Hebrew and Greek literature, owing principally to its cultivation for its plant fiber, linen, but also for its edible seeds and culinary foliage.
Habitat
Linum strictum prefers well-lighted habitats, mostly in dry hills, sandy and rocky places, and vineyards. Its range is from southern Europe and North Africa, all along the Mediterranean as far as the Levant, and east to Afghanistan and Iran.
Description
Linum strictum is a therophyte (annual), one of many annual plants that complete their lives rapidly in favorable conditions and survive the unfavorable cold or dry season in the form of seeds. In the Levant, the plant blossoms between February and May; the flowers being of a light yellow colour, each bearing 5 sepals (4-6 mm) and 5 petals (6-12 mm), with 5 stamens, and having a gynoecium bearing five connected styles running lengthwise. Its stigmas are capitate, resembling the head of a pin. The plant bears ovate-lanceolate leaves, with margins minutely serrulate, very rough, often inrolled.
The fruit is a symmetrical drum-shaped capsule, remaining dry as it rests closely against the mother plant for many months, until the seeds therein gradually scatter.
The species is divided into the following subspecies: Linum strictum subsp. spicatum, which grows chiefly in Cyprus, Linum strictum subsp. strictum, and Linum strictum subsp. racemosum.
References in classical literature
Flax linen was grown principally for its plant fiber used in making linen cloth, its production thought to be essential for the textile industry of that time. According to the Mishnah (Baba Kama 10:9), in 2nd-century Palestine, women were the primary sellers of wool in Judea, while they sold garments of flax in Galilee. According to Midrash Rabba (Genesis Rabba 19:1), the people of Beit Shean would make very fine (thinly woven) linen garments which were expensive to buy, but which would spoil easily at the slightest smear of charcoal. Likewise, the inhabitants of Arbel (now Khirbet Irbid) were also renowned for making linen garments, but these were made of a much thicker weave and were cheaper to buy, and they would normally last longer.
Historically, linen production has played an important role in Jewish agrarian laws, as well as in religious rites and ceremony. There are strict regulations regarding its wearing with woollen fabrics. Textiles made from a mixture of linen and wool are prohibited to be worn under religious Jewish law. At the time of the flax harvest, the Sages have even defined how many stalks of flax that were forgotten in the field by their owner can be esteemed as "forgotten sheaves," enabling their finder to possess them, without him being guilty of theft. What constitutes a violation of Sabbath-day laws is also discussed with regard to flax, as bundles of freshly retted flax were permitted to be placed inside a heated earthenware oven in order to accelerate the evaporation-rate of moisture remaining in the flax, so long as this could be done before the night of Sabbath had commenced. After drying, and after the limitations of the Sabbath had passed, it facilitated scutching of the flax stalks, for the production of bast fiber.
In the ancient land of Israel, flax was harvested in the lunar month of Adar (March), but by the late 19th-century, the cultivation of flax had completely disappeared from Palestine. To procure a whiter fabric, the leaves of bladder campion (Silene venosa) were traditionally used to bleach the flax fibers.
Dioscorides, in the Second Book of his De Materia Medica (2:125), brings down the plant's medicinal uses in his day.
Culinary usage
In ancient times, the green sprouts and tender leaves of flax (Linum strictum) were served in a hot dish of kūtaḥ (consisting of milk whey, stale bread crumbs, vinegar, and salt), for added flavour. In some cultures, flaxseed is traditionally roasted, ground to a powder, and eaten with boiled rice, a little water, and a little salt. Tender, germinated sprouts of flax-seeds, when eaten together with sprouts of celery seeds (Apium graveolens) and fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum), are said to have a cooling effect on the entire body.
See also
Flax
References
strictum
Flax
Fiber plants
Flora of Israel
Flora of Lebanon
Flora of Palestine (region)
Flora of Spain
Flora of Europe
Flora of Asia
Flora of Italy
Flora of Cyprus
Flora of Greece
Flora of Western Asia
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Patricia Katherine Payne (born 8 March 1942) is an operatic mezzo-soprano and contralto from New Zealand. A member of London's Royal Opera House, she made an international career, performing leading roles of both Wagner and Italian repertory at major opera houses of the world. After decades of singing, she became a visual artist.
Career
Born in Dunedin, Payne was educated at Otago Girls' High School. After winning the National Operatic Aria Competition in 1966, she continued her studies in London. She was a student at the London Opera Centre from 1967 to 1968, and also studied with Roy Henderson, Hans Hotter and Vera Rózsa. After mainly working in oratorios from 1969, she made her stage debut at the Royal Opera House in 1974 as Schwertleite in Wagner's Die Walküre, and became a member of the ensemble. She appeared there as Erda in his Das Rheingold and Siegfried, and the First Norn in his Götterdämmerung, among others. She was Geneviève in Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande, Ulrica in Verdi's Un ballo in maschera, and Mrs Sedley in Britten's Peter Grimes. In 1976 she was a "huge success" as Filpyevna in the Covent Garden production of Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin.
She appeared at the Bayreuth Festival in 1977, as Schwertleite and First Norn in the Jahrhundertring, the centenary production of Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen, conducted by Pierre Boulez and staged by Patrice Chéreau. She made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1980, as Cieca in Ponchielli's La Gioconda. In 1978, she appeared at La Scala in Milan as Ulrica, a role that has been called her signature role. She performed at the Opera North in Leeds in 1987 in the English premiere of Daphne by Richard Strauss, singing the role of Gaea. In 1995, she appeared at the Tel Aviv Opera as Clarissa in Prokofiev's L'Amour des trois oranges, and as Auntie in the first performance of Britten's Peter Grimes in New Zealand.
After her singing career, she became a visual artist, creating icons, paintings of fish and other creatures from the natural world, and medieval scenes.
Honours
In the 2001 New Year Honours, Payne was appointed an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to opera and the community. In 2007, she was conferred with an honorary Doctor of Music degree by the University of Otago.
References
External links
Patricia Payne Discogs
Patricia Payne celebrityspeakers.co.nz
Patricia Payne lovewaltzwithfireworks.wordpress.com
New Zealand mezzo-sopranos
Living people
Musicians from Dunedin
People educated at Otago Girls' High School
Operatic mezzo-sopranos
New Zealand contraltos
Operatic contraltos
20th-century New Zealand women opera singers
1942 births
Officers of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Mkushi District is a district of Zambia, located in Central Province. The capital lies at Mkushi. As of the 2010 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 148,814 people. The Great North Road runs through Mkushi district, connecting Kapiri Mposhi and Serenje districts. The area is largely undeveloped and home to numerous natural attractions including Lunsemfwa Wonder Gorge, Changwena Falls, and historic Fort Elwes.
Bemba is the primary tribal affiliation of Mkushi district and the area is home to an annual harvest festival known as Chibwelamushi (translated as "return to the village"), bringing together the Bisa, Swaka, and Lala peoples, every September. Traditional crafts include clay pots, reed mats, and baskets and may still be found in the area, although increased access to manufactured goods has reduced production in recent decades. Mkushi district, like much of Central province, is mineral rich and manganese, gem, and gem deposits have attracted new mining development in the area, including the Fishtie copper project at Kashime.
Mkushi is known for its large commercial agricultural operations and boast a substantial population of expatriate farmers, the majority of whom are white Zambians. The prestigious Chengelo school is located in Mkushi.
References
Districts of Central Province, Zambia
California Intercontinental University (CIU) is a private for-profit online university based in Irvine, California. It was established in 1996. CIU offers 21 degree programs in a wide range of disciplines, enrolling over 850 undergraduate and graduate students.
Academics
California Intercontinental University offers students Associate, Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral online programs in Business Administration, Engineering Information Technology, Science, and Arts. The university offers degree programs, that enable learners to complete a Master of Business Administration (MBA) in 18–36 months and a Doctorate of Business Administration (DBA) in 30–60 months. Bachelor's students may complete their degree in 4–5 years. However, there is an option to accelerate each program by taking more than 1 course per term.
Accreditation and approval
California Intercontinental University was first approved to operate as a degree-granting university in 2003 in the state of California by the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE). California Intercontinental University became accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education Accrediting Commission in January 2009.
See also
List of colleges and universities in California
List of for-profit universities and colleges
List of American online colleges
References
External links
Official website
Distance education institutions based in the United States
Universities and colleges in Los Angeles County, California
1996 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1996
Irvine, California
Private universities and colleges in California
Distance Education Accreditation Commission
Frank Samuel "Pee Wee" Austin (May 22, 1917 – January 15, 1960) was a Panamanian professional baseball player.
He was a shortstop in the Negro leagues and minor leagues. He played professionally from 1944 to 1956, playing with the Philadelphia Stars of the Negro National League from 1944 to 1948. He played in the 1945 East-West All-Star Game. Austin played in the International League in 1949, and the Pacific Coast League from 1949 to 1956. Although he never played in the Major Leagues, Austin was one of the first two black players to play for the New York Yankees organization in 1949 along with Luis Marquez.
References
External links
and Seamheads
1917 births
1960 deaths
Newark Bears (IL) players
Panamanian expatriate baseball players in Canada
Philadelphia Stars players
Portland Beavers players
Sabios de Vargas players
Vancouver Mounties players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Baseball infielders
Butakovsky gorge is located on the Northern slope of the Zailiysky Alatau ridge in the watershed of The Little (Malaya) Almatinka basin and the Left Talgar, Kazakhstan.
History
The local terrain was formed during the formation of the Tien Shan about 20 million years ago. In the 19th century, it was the dacha of the first Governor of Semirechye G. A. Kolpakovsky. There is an assumption that the gorge was named after the chief of the Cossack guard posted in this gorge in the 1860s to protect the forest from logging by migrants from Siberia. The Kazakh origin of the place name is not excluded: butak (i.e. a tributary). Indeed, the Butakovka river is a right tributary of the little (Malaya) Almatinka. From here you can walk to the Kimasar range and return to Медеу, as well as to the valley of the Left Talgar river.
Tourism
The main attraction of the Butakovsky gorge is waterfalls. There are two of them: the lower one, 15 meters high, is the most popular among tourists. The second is smaller than the lower waterfall and is located in the upper part of the gorge at a distance of two kilometers. The vegetation of the gorge is diverse, with Tien Shan spruce, aspen, mountain ash and barberry growing on its slopes. In winter, the gorge is decorated with red clusters of mountain ash, which grows in abundance along the riverbed and on the nearby slopes.
The gorge is located in the Medeu branch of the Ile - Alatau state unitary enterprise. In 1996, Butakovka became the legal property of the Ile-Alatau state nature Park. The territory of the gorge covers about 5000 hectares and is guarded by five inspectors. It has a favorable acoustic environment (silence, melodic sounds in nature). Recommended visiting periods: May–October. Inspection of the gorge is spectacular in the daytime.
Sources of information about the monument
Maryashev Monuments of Semirechye archeology and their use in excursions-Almaty, 2002
A. P. Gorbunov Mountains Of Central Asia. Explanatory dictionary of geographical names and terms. Almaty, 2006
References
Canyons and gorges of Kazakhstan
Azmon ( or ; ) is a Biblical site in the Land of Israel marking the western portion of the southern frontier of the Kingdom of Judah before the point where "it went out at the Brook of Egypt".
History
Azmon is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible books of Numbers () and Joshua ().
According to a researcher of Bedouin culture, biblical Azmon was an oasis known to Arabic-speaking Bedouin as Gusayma, named for the gaysum plant (achillea fragrantissima) which grows abundantly in the region. It appears on the 6th-century Byzantine Madaba Map as Asemona ().
References
Hebrew Bible places
Iʿtikāf (, also i'tikaaf or e'tikaaf) is an Islamic practice consisting of a period of staying in a mosque for a certain number of days, devoting oneself to ibadah during these days and staying away from worldly affairs.
The literal meaning of the word suggests sticking and adhering to, or being regular in something. It is particularly popular among devout Muslims during the last 10 days of Ramadan, during which one secludes oneself in a room or in a part of the mosque and spends all one's time praying, supplicating, or reading Qur'an or hadith.
See also
Ali ibn Abi Talib
The White Days
References
Arabic words and phrases
Islamic terminology
Islamic worship
Ramadan
Protoparmelia badia is a species of crustose lichen in the family Parmeliaceae. It is a widely distributed, common species that grows on rocks.
Taxonomy
The lichen was first formally described by German botanist Georg Franz Hoffmann in 1796, as Verrucaria badia. It has been shuffled between several genera in its taxonomic history, and has been associated with many synonyms. In 1986, Austrian lichenologist Josef Hafellner transferred it to the newly created genus Protoparmelia, in which it is the type species.
Description
The thallus of Protoparmelia badia ranges in colour from pale to deep greyish-brown to yellowish brown. It has a texture that is areolate (a pattern of block-like areas similar to cracked dried mud) to verrucose (covered with wartlike projections), and is shiny. Its apothecia are lecanorine (shaped like a plate with a ring around them), and typically measure 0.7–1.5 mm in diameter. The discs are dark red-brown and shiny, while the smooth outer rim is paler. The spores made by this lichen are spindle-shaped (slightly pointed at both ends), measuring 10–16 by 3–7 μm.
Habitat and distribution
Protoparmelia badia is a widespread and common lichen with a circumpolar and arctic-alpine distribution. It is found in western and northeastern North America, mountainous areas of Asia, Europe, temperate South America, Australasia, and Antarctica. It grows on hard, exposed acidic rocks, including granite, basalt and other volcanic rock, rhyolite, and sandstone.
References
Parmeliaceae
Lichen species
Lichens of Antarctica
Lichens of Asia
Lichens of Europe
Lichens of North America
Lichens of South America
Lichens described in 1796
Taxa named by Georg Franz Hoffmann
Delores Marie Wells (October 17, 1937 – February 9, 2016) was an American model and actress. She was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its June 1960 issue and was one the cover models in January 1961.
Early life
Wells was from Reading, Pennsylvania, and grew up with an interest in science fiction and becoming a movie star.
Career
According to The Playmate Book, Wells was paid $500 for her Playmate pictorial, along with $100 a month during her two-year exclusivity contract with Playboy. She was Playmate of the Month for June 1960. Wells was working as a dancer in the chorus of Chicago nightclub Chez Paree when she was scouted for Playboy.
Wells had a short acting career in the 1960s, episodically appearing in small parts in B-movies and television series. She preferred comedic roles and aspired to be like Lucille Ball, appearing in three of the 'beach party' movies. More steadily she was a Playboy Bunny at the Chicago Playboy Club, where she made $1000 a week. After her career at Playboy she worked as a makeup artist for Alice Cooper and in the business office of the Oakland Raiders. She worked briefly as secretary to Linda Lovelace.
Wells died in Phoenix, Arizona, at the age of 78.
Filmography
87th Precinct - "My Friend, My Enemy" (1961) .... Clerk
The Bob Cummings Show - "Roamin' Holiday" (1961)
Thriller - "'Til Death Do Us Part" (1962) .... Flo
Beach Party (1963) .... Sue
Burke's Law - "Who Killed Alex Debbs?" (1963) .... Dream Girl
The Time Travelers (1964) .... Reena (Danny's love interest)
Bikini Beach (1964) .... Sniffles
Muscle Beach Party (1964) .... Sniffles
Banning (1967) .... Girl at Pool
A Guide for the Married Man (1967) .... Very Attractive Woman
See also
List of people in Playboy 1960–1969
References
External links
1937 births
2016 deaths
Actors from Reading, Pennsylvania
1960s Playboy Playmates
"Little Girl Lost" is episode 91 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone. It is about a young girl who has accidentally passed through an opening into another dimension. Her parents and their friend attempt to locate and retrieve her. It is based on the 1953 short story by Richard Matheson.
Opening narration
Plot
A married couple, Chris and Ruth Miller are awakened by the whimpering of their little daughter, Tina. Chris goes to see what the trouble is. Their dog, Mack, begins to bark from the backyard. Chris cannot find Tina either in or under the bed, even though her pleas for help seem to be coming from nearby, yet far away. He calls Ruth into the room, and she is similarly mystified. Chris phones his physicist friend, Bill, for help, and opens the door to let the incessantly barking Mack into the house. The dog runs under the bed and disappears, but can still be heard barking, again close, but far away.
Bill arrives and helps Chris move the bed so that he can physically scan the area where it was, marking the legs with books. When this proves fruitless, Bill examines the wall behind the bed. Finding that his hand can pass easily through the wall and to another dimension, he draws marks on the wall outlining the apparent boundary. He explains to Chris and Ruth that sometimes lines in a three-dimensional universe run parallel with, rather than perpendicular to, the fourth dimension. He warns them that they know nothing of what might lie beyond this portal, and should they follow Tina into the fourth dimension, they would only become hopelessly lost as well, since it is not manifested like the three humans can perceive.
Chris calls to Mack to guide Tina back. Mack leads Tina to the source of Chris's voice, but they still cannot find the entrance. Despite Bill's warnings, Chris reaches into the portal and falls into the fourth dimension, an abstract, crystalline landscape that seems distorted, and constantly turning upside down and sideways. Bill advises him not to move. Chris sees Tina and Mack and calls them towards him. Bill calls for him to hurry. When Tina and Mack close in on Chris, Bill grabs them and pulls them back into the bedroom. Ruth rushes Tina to another room.
Bill explains that Chris was only halfway through the portal, despite Chris' perception that he was standing up in the new dimension. Bill was in fact holding onto Chris the entire time. He was telling Chris to hurry because the portal was closing. Bill knocks on the wall, showing that the portal has completely solidified and closed. He explains that if Chris had taken a few more seconds, the two halves of his body might have become trapped in different dimensions.
Closing narration
Production notes
The opening is slightly altered beginning with this episode. The graphics and words are the same, but there are subtle differences in the acoustics for the theme music.
Matheson wrote the short story based on a real-life incident involving his young daughter, who fell off her bed while asleep and rolled against a wall. Despite hearing her daughter's cries for help, Matheson's wife was initially unable to locate her daughter.
The voice of Tina in the alternate dimension was played by voice actor Rhoda Williams, who was then 32 years old.
Critical reception
The critic Camille Paglia calls "Little Girl Lost" the "first great script" of The Twilight Zone in Sexual Personae (1990).
References in other media
"Little Girl Lost" was parodied in "Homer3", a segment of "Treehouse of Horror VI", an episode from the seventh season of The Simpsons. In the episode, the two-dimensional characters attempt to retrieve Homer from the third dimension. Homer likens the entrance to the third dimension to "something out of that twilighty show about that zone".
An area of the queue for the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror theme park attractions in California and Paris uses subtle effects to simulate air currents coming out of a solid wall, as well as playing a subtle recording of the little girl's dialogue at intervals. In the exit area of the Florida version of the attraction, there is an area of the wall outlined in chalk, exactly like the portal in the episode. It has also been cited as one of the most influential episodes in the development of the ride, most notably with the "5th Dimension" scene in the Florida version.
Some (including Richard Matheson) have noted similarities between the episode and the 1982 film Poltergeist.
Theoretical basis
Although not intended by the writers, the hole into the other dimension was later given as an example of a "Riemannian cut", which is a type of wormhole formed when two spaces join at the same set of points.
Music
Bernard Herrmann's score for the episode is written for an unusual chamber ensemble of four flutes (doubling on piccolos, and alto and bass flutes), four harps, percussion (one player, utilizing tambourine, tam-tams, and vibraphone), and viola d'amore. It has been performed as a concert suite by the San Francisco Composers Chamber Orchestra.
The director of this episode, Paul Stewart, played butler Raymond in the first film Herrmann scored, Citizen Kane.
References
Sources
DeVoe, Bill. (2008). Trivia from The Twilight Zone. Albany, GA: Bear Manor Media.
Grams, Martin. (2008). The Twilight Zone: Unlocking the Door to a Television Classic. Churchville, MD: OTR Publishing.
External links
Score for "Little Girl Lost" by Bernard Herrmann (FilmScoreRundowns)
1962 American television episodes
Adaptations of works by Richard Matheson
Television episodes written by Richard Matheson
Television episodes based on short fiction
The Twilight Zone (1959 TV series season 3) episodes
Compositions by Bernard Herrmann
Poltergeist (franchise)
The 1978 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations was the first edition of the Afro-Asian Cup of Nations, it was contested by Ghana, winners of the 1978 African Cup of Nations, and Iran, winners of the 1976 AFC Asian Cup. The tournament planned to be played into two legs. The first leg was played in Tehran and Iran beat Ghana 3–0. However the second leg which was normally played in Accra was cancelled due to the Iranian Revolution.
Qualified teams
Match details
First leg
Second leg
The trophy was not awarded, because the second leg was cancelled.
References
External links
1978 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - rsssf.com
1978 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - teammelli.com
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Mer
Mer
1977–78 in Iranian football
International association football competitions hosted by Iran
Iran national football team matches
Ghana national football team matches
May 1978 sports events in Asia
James Albery (4 May 1838 – 15 August 1889) was an English dramatist.
Life and career
Albery was born in London. On leaving school he entered an architect's office and started to write plays. His farce A Pretty Piece of Chiselling was given its first production by the Ingoldsby Club in 1864. After some failures, his adaptation, Dr Davy, was produced at the Lyceum Theatre, London (1866). His most successful piece, Two Roses, a comedy, was produced at the Vaudeville Theatre in 1870, in which Sir Henry Irving made one of his earliest London successes as Digby Grant. The production ran for 300 performances.
Albery was the author of a large number of other plays and adaptations, including Coquettes (1870); Pickwick, a four-act drama (based on Dickens's The Pickwick Papers (1871); The Pink Dominos (1877), a farce that ran for an extremely successful 555 performances and was one of a series of adaptations from the French which he made for the Criterion Theatre, where his wife, the actress and theatrical manager Mary Moore (who after his death became Lady Wyndham (1861–1931)), played the leading parts; Jingle (a farcical version of Pickwick), produced at the Lyceum in 1878; and Oriana (with music by Frederic Clay).
His one-act operetta, The Spectre Knight, with music by Alfred Cellier, ran as a companion piece to Gilbert and Sullivan's The Sorcerer and then H.M.S. Pinafore at the Opera Comique in 1878 and on tour. Albery also wrote a book called Where's the Cat? in 1880.
Albery and Moore had three sons: Irving, who became a Conservative Member of Parliament, Bronson, a theatre director after whom the Albery Theatre is named, and Wyndham, a socialist activist. Their granddaughter through Irving was Jessica Albery (1908–1990) an architect and town planner, one of the first professional women architects in the UK. Albery wrote this epitaph for himself:
References
Sources
Albery's plays are collected in a two-volume edition at the British Library at 2303 f. 14.
The Dramatic Works of James Albery, together with a sketch of his career, correspondence bearing thereon, press notices, casts, etc. 2 Volumes. Peter Davies, London, 1939.
External links
Midis and cast list for The Spectre Knight
1838 births
1889 deaths
People associated with Gilbert and Sullivan
Writers from London
English male dramatists and playwrights
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
19th-century English dramatists and playwrights
19th-century British male writers
KFF Bazeli () is a women's football club based in Biçec, Kosovo. The club competes in Kosovo Women's Football League which is the top tier of women's football in the country. Their home ground is the Biçec Sports Field which has a viewing capacity of 500.
See also
List of football clubs in Kosovo
References
Football clubs in Kosovo
Women's football clubs in Kosovo
Udo Raumann (born 1 May 1969 in Düren) is a German slalom canoeist who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the C-2 team event at the 1995 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Nottingham. He also won a gold medal in the same event at the 1996 European Championships in Augsburg.
He finished 14th in the C-2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
His partner throughout the whole of his active career was Rüdiger Hübbers.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1969 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
German male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Germany
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
People from Düren
Sportspeople from Cologne (region)
In Japanese religion, Yahata (八幡神, ancient Shinto pronunciation) formerly in Shinto and later commonly known as Hachiman (八幡神, Japanese Buddhist pronunciation) is the syncretic divinity of archery and war, incorporating elements from both Shinto and Buddhism.
In Shinto religion, he is mortally Emperor Ōjin (応神天皇, Ōjin Tennō) by birth who reigned in the 3rd–4th century and the son of Empress Jingū (神功皇后, Jingū-kōgō), later became deified and identified by legend as "Yahata-no-kami" meaning "Kami of Eight Banners", referring to the eight heavenly banners that signaled the birth of the divine and deified emperor, and is also called Hondawake (誉田別命). His messenger is the dove, symbolizes both the bow and arrow found in samurai banners associated to him where he is called "Yumiya Hachiman" (弓矢八幡).
Since ancient times Hachiman has been worshiped by farmers as the god of agriculture and by fishermen, who hoped that he would fill their nets with many fish.
During the age of the samurai, descendants of both samurai clans, Seiwa Genji (清和源氏 Seiwa Gen-ji, a line of the Minamoto clan descended from Emperor Seiwa) and Kanmu Taira (桓武平氏 Kanmu Taira'u-ji/ Hei-shi/ Hei-ji, a line of the Taira clan descended from Emperor Kanmu) honored Hachiman, from which the tradition is laid nationwide where samurai clans (武家 "buke" in Japanese) honor Hachiman as the revered deity to them. His other roles include to determine a samurai's fate whether in success or failure at battle, who controls and protects martial arts, also as a deity who protects the victory of the army.
Although often called the god of war, he is more strictly defined as the tutelary god of warriors. He is also the divine protector of Japan, the Japanese people and the Imperial House.
Summary of Hachiman
In present form of Shinto, Hachiman is the divine spirit of Emperor Ōjin. Emperor Kinmei (欽明天皇, Kinmei-tennō) in his Regnal Year 32 (571 AD) handed down that deified Emperor Ōjin was revealed for the first time to the land of Usa (宇佐の地) - present-day city of Usa, in Oita Prefecture, where he became the patron deity of this city, along with a lesser Shinto female deity Himegami (比売神) and the Emperor's mother, Empress Jingū, which the trio known as Hachiman Mikami (八幡三神) is enshrined.
Amongst the Hachiman Mikami, there are many shrines that enshrines other figures apart from the trio, like Emperor Chūai (仲哀天皇, Chūai-tennō) instead of Empress Jingū, the legendary hero and Shinto deity Takenouchi no Sukune or Takeshiuchi no Sukune (武内宿禰) and the female deity Tamayori-hime (玉依毘売命 or 玉依姫尊), where there is a dedicated prayer for safe childbirth in the Shinto shrine of Umi Hachimangū (宇美八幡宮) in Umi, Fukuoka prefecture.
Himegami
The three Munakata goddesses (宗像三女神 Munakata Sanjoshin) born from the divination ritual Ukehi or Ukei (宇気比, 誓約, 祈, 誓, 誓占, lit. "pledge divination") between the goddess Amaterasu and the god Susanoo - that is Tagitsu-hime (多岐津姫命), Ichikishima-hime (市杵嶋姫命) and Tagairi-hime (多紀理姫命) - is said where they descended from the heavens as the "Three Pillars of Usanoshima (宇佐嶋) of the ancient province of Tsukushi (筑紫)", located in a temple complex on Mt. Omotosan (御許山) in Usa.
The Munakata goddesses are thereby the matriarchs of an ancient tribe and clan Munakata-shi (宗像氏, 宗形氏) which fishermen worshipped collectively as a whole. It is thought and received that the worship of Munakata goddesses by the Munakata clan was due to Empress Jingū success in the "Conquest of the Three Kingdoms (of Korea)" (三韓征伐 Sankan Seipatsu). Therefore, they are old Shinto folk deities (地主神 jinushigami) before the presence of Hachiman.
Himegami (比売神) is thought to be as the consort or aunt of Hachiman, whereas Tamayori-hime (玉依毘売命 or 玉依姫尊) possibly and perhaps as the mother viewed by opinion aforementioned. Since the description that Hachiman was the Emperor Ojin which appeared from the "Digest Record of Todai-ji Temple (東大寺要録 Tōdai-ji Yoroku)" and "Records of the Age of the Gods from the Sumiyoshi Grand Shrine (住吉大社神代記 Sumiyoshi-Taisha Jindaiki), the practice of Emperor Ōjin combined into Hachiman is estimated to begun from the Nara Period to the Heian Period.
There are theories as well as different opinions between the goddesses Amaterasu and Kukuri-hime (菊理媛神 or 菊理媛命, a Shinto goddess venerated as Shirayama-hime (白山比咩) whom both called the goddess Himegami as Himiko (卑弥呼, or Pimiko, also known as Shin-gi Wa-ō (親魏倭王, "Ruler of Wa, Friend of Wei"), a shamaness-queen of Yamatai-koku in Wakoku (倭国) around c. 170–248 AD.
Empress Jingū
Emperor Ojin was already destined to ascend the throne from the moment in the womb of his mother and Empress, is called "Emperor in the Womb", is based and interpreted sometimes in her belief as being the "mother deity" to the child-to-be who would be deified. The Three Munakata Goddesses, the Three Sumiyoshi Gods (住吉三神 Sumiyoshi Sanjin) and the goddess Amaterasu who were revered by the tribal clan Munakata-shi due to their aid in the "Conquest of the Three Kingdoms (of Korea)" is also worshiped in various places. It is said by tradition in commemoration after the conquest, Empress Jingu set up eight big military flags on Tsushima (対馬) which then became the origin of the name "Hirohatano Yahata Ōkami (広幡乃八幡大神)", also the origin of the name "Yahata (八幡)" to the Empress' son, the then-emperor Ojin.
Imperial Ancestor and Deity to the Imperial Family
Since Hachiman was considered to be a divine spirit of the Emperor Ojin, he was placed as both the ancestor and Kōso-shin (皇祖神, "Imperial Ancestor Deity") of the Imperial Family of Japan. He was considered to be the guardian deity of the Imperial Household after the Grand Goddess Amaterasu written down in the "Chronicle of the Jōkyū Era" (承久記 Jōkyūki) to the "Compilation of the Grand Goddess Amaterasu of Ise and Hachiman Daibosatsu on the Imperial Throne of Japan".
The founding of Konda Hachiman-gū (誉田八幡宮) Shrine at Habikino in Osaka Prefecture have been a long time linked with the connection to Emperor Ojin, therefore the Imperial Family also both revered the Usa Shrine (宇佐神宮 Usa Jingū, also known as 宇佐八幡宮 Usa Hachiman-gū) at Usa in Oita Prefecture, and the Iwashimizu Hachiman Shrine (石清水八幡宮 Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū) at Yawata in Kyoto Prefecture, as the second ancestral shrine after the dominant Ise Grand Shrine (伊勢神宮 Ise Jingū).
Syncretism of Hachiman in between Shinto and Buddhism
After the arrival of Buddhism in Japan, Hachiman became a syncretistic deity, fusing elements of the native kami worship with Buddhism (shinbutsu-shūgō). In the 8th century AD, he joined the Buddhist pantheon as where his jinja (神社 - Shinto shrines) and jingu (神宮 - Shinto shrine of the Imperial family) were incorporated to shrines in Buddhist temples (寺 dera).
This transition happened when the Great Buddha of Tōdai-ji (東大寺, Eastern Great Temple) was being built and recorded in the era of the "First Year of Tenpyō-shōhō (天平勝宝 "Heavenly Peace and Victorious Treasure")" under the reign of Emperor Kōken in 749 AD, an oracle was declared by Hachiman to a senior Shinto senior priest (禰宜 negi) and nun from Usa Shrine to proceed to the capital (in Nara) that Hachiman would cooperate in the construction of a "Great Buddha" dedicated to him. From this recognition Hachiman was syncretised into Buddhism early onwards.
Then in the "First Year of the Era of Ten'ō (天応)" under the reign of Emperor Kōnin in 781 AD, the Shinto imperial court granted the Shinto deity Usa Hachiman (Hachiman of Usa) with Buddhist deity Hachiman Daibosatsu as the guardian god for the spiritual protection of the state. As a result, the spread of worship to Hachiman is transferred and received to Buddhist temples or shrines throughout the country where the "theory of Shinto and Buddhist syncretism (本地垂迹 Honji Suijaku)" is established, therefore considered Amitabha to be the Buddha manifestation of Hachiman. However, the Japanese Buddhist priest Nichiren (日蓮) of the Kamakura Period says he denies the theory and assumes the true form of Hachiman Daibosatsu is Shakyamuni Buddha (i.e. Gautama Buddha).
Thereafter in the Heian Period, veneration of Shinto shrines of Hachiman have been received and gathered throughout the nation by the samurai clans Seiwa of the Genji clan (清和源氏) and Kanmu of the Taira clan (桓武平氏). When the theory of syncretism has spread during this period, Hachiman is depicted to represent a Buddhist monk and is then called Sogyō Hachiman (僧形八幡神, "Buddhist Priest-Form Hachiman").
Worship of Hachiman by the Samurai
Because Emperor Ōjin was an ancestor of the Minamoto warrior clan, Hachiman became its . Minamoto no Yoshiie, upon coming of age at Iwashimizu Shrine in Kyoto, took the name Hachiman Taro Yoshiie, and, through his military prowess and virtue as a leader, came to be regarded and respected as the ideal samurai through the ages. After Minamoto no Yoritomo became shōgun and established the Kamakura shogunate, Hachiman's popularity grew and he became by extension the protector of the warrior class that the shōgun had brought to power. For this reason, the shintai of a Hachiman shrine is usually a stirrup or a bow.
Following the establishment of the Kamakura shogunate, the worship of Hachiman spread throughout Japan among not only samurai, but also the peasantry. There are now about 2,500 Shinto shrines dedicated to Hachiman, who has more shrines dedicated to him than any other deity except Inari. Usa Shrine in Usa, Ōita Prefecture is head shrine of all these shrines; other important Hachiman shrines are Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū, Hakozaki-gū and Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū.
Hachiman's mon (emblem) is a mitsudomoe, a round whirlpool or vortex with three heads swirling right or left. Many samurai clans used this mon as their own, including some that traced their ancestry back to the mortal enemy of the Minamoto, the Emperor Kanmu of the Taira clan (, Kanmu Heishi).
See also
Hachiman shrine
Kamikaze (typhoon)
Minamoto no Yorinobu
Minamoto no Yoriyoshi
Bishamonten -- Shinto-Buddhist God of War
References
Further reading
"Hachiman" – Ancient History Encyclopedia
External links
Japanese gods
Oracular deities
Shinbutsu shūgō
Shinto kami
War gods
Agricultural gods
Mythological archers
Submarino is a 2010 Danish drama film directed by Thomas Vinterberg, starring Jakob Cedergren and Peter Plaugborg. It is based on the 2007 novel Submarino by Jonas T. Bengtsson, and focuses on two brothers on the bottom of Danish society, with lives marked by violence and drug addiction. The film was produced by Nimbus Film. As a condition from the financier TV 2, half of the cast and crew were novices, which the director enjoyed as it gave an experience similar to his earliest films.
Submarino premiered in the main competition of the 60th Berlin International Film Festival. The film won the 2010 Nordic Council Film Prize. It was met by positive reviews in Denmark and has been nominated for 15 Robert Awards.
Plot
The story of two brothers who lose track of each other after an unstable childhood until they meet up again in prison is the focus of former Dogme 95 director Thomas Vinterberg's film based on a book by Jonas T. Bengtsson, a Danish novelist celebrated for his unflinching realism. The film's title refers to a method of torture known as ‘submarino' in which the victim's head is held underwater until just before the point of drowning.
Nick and his younger brother have grown up in terrible circumstances: their childhood was marked by poverty, abuse and an alcoholic mother until the family was torn apart by tragedy. Nick is now thirty-three and has just been released from prison. He's a man who knows what he wants: to train hard and drink hard in order to stand up against a hard world. A bodybuilder, he lives in a dilapidated hostel on the outskirts of Copenhagen. His brother is a junkie, a heroin dealer, and a single father for whom only two things count in life: his daily fix and a better life for his six-year-old son, Martin.
The brothers may live separate lives in grim Copenhagen, yet they are somehow searching for each other. What binds them is their mutual struggle for a life worth living. Occasionally their paths cross, but they only really find each other in prison. And that's almost too late for them.
Cast
Jakob Cedergren as Nick
Peter Plaugborg as Nick's brother
Patricia Schumann as Sofie
Morten Rose as Ivan
Gustav Fischer Kjærulff as Martin
Henrik Strube as Jimmy Gule
Helene Reingaard Neumann as Mona
Sebastian Bull Sarning as young Nick
Mads Broe Andersen as young Nick's brother
Production
In June 2008 it was announced that Thomas Vinterberg would adapt Jonas T. Bengtsson's novel which had been well received by the Danish media the year before. Submarino was launched as one of four films on which Nimbus Film would spend the 1.4 million kroner they recently had been granted from the European Union's MEDIA Programme. The film was made without support from the Danish Film Institute. Instead it received public funding through the broadcaster TV 2, whose condition for providing the money was that half of the cast and production crew would be first-timers.
Vinterberg thought the condition helped the film's authenticity and likened the experience to his very earliest works: "That eagerness, energy, whole-hearted devotion from people starting a career was amazing. I had been missing this from when I did my graduation film at the Danish Film School, prior to Dogma. I enjoyed that." Feature-film debutants included the cinematographer Charlotte Bruus Christensen, the scriptwriter Tobias Lindholm and the stage actor Peter Plaugborg who played Nick's brother. The budget was around 1.8 million euro.
Reception
Critical response
Ebbe Iversen rated Submarino four out of six in Berlingske Tidende. Iversen wrote that Vinterberg has "shaped his film as fierce social realism almost totally exposed for the glimpses of humour that make a miserable life easier to bear in leading social realists like Ken Loach and Mike Leigh. Submarino is harder and more brutal, but, behind its harsh facade, carried by sympathy for the characters, and it is first and foremost created with a completely fearsome consistency, which one hasn't seen the like of in Thomas Vinterberg since The Celebration." Peter Nielsen of Information was even more positive. He thought the story and subject by themselves were strong enough to make an excellent film, and continued: "but what elevates Submarino into a great work of art, is the symbolic redemption of the serious material. You see it in the ritual opening scene, and you see it several times underway in a tight symbology, which escorts and underpins the story." The film failed to reach a large audience during the theatrical run and had only 46,000 admissions in Denmark.
Accolades
Submarino was Denmark's candidate for the 2010 Nordic Council Film Prize, which it won. Jakob Cedergren was nominated for the Best Actor prize at the 23rd European Film Awards. On the national level, the film was nominated for 15 Robert Awards, voted by members of the Film Academy of Denmark, and four Bodil Awards, voted by domestic film critics.
References
External links
2010 films
2010 drama films
Danish drama films
Films about alcoholism
Films about heroin addiction
Films set in Copenhagen
Films shot in Denmark
Films based on Danish novels
Films directed by Thomas Vinterberg
2010s Danish-language films
Nimbus Film films
Films with screenplays by Tobias Lindholm
The Smagne () is a river in the Vendée département, western France. Its source is near Bourseguin, a hamlet in Bourneau. It flows generally west. It is a left tributary of the Lay into which it flows between Bessay and Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais.
Communes along its course
This list is ordered from source to mouth:
Vendée: Bourneau, Saint-Cyr-des-Gâts, Marsais-Sainte-Radégonde, Saint-Martin-des-Fontaines, Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salle, Saint-Valérien, La Chapelle-Thémer, Thiré, Saint-Juire-Champgillon, Sainte-Hermine, Sainte-Pexine, Saint-Jean-de-Beugné, Bessay, Corpe, Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais
References
Rivers of France
Rivers of Vendée
Rivers of Pays de la Loire
Bösiger is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Johannes Bösiger, Swiss/German scriptwriter and producer
Jonas Bösiger (born 1995), Swiss snowboarder
Max Bösiger (born 1933), Swiss boxer
(1929–1977), Swiss actor, refer
A Florida Feud is a 1909 American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott, shot in Florida.
Production notes
The film was shot in Jacksonville, Florida. The first of a series shot for Kalem during winter and spring.
Other title : Love in the Everglades
Bibliography
The Moving Picture World, Vol 4 n° 1, p 11.
The New York Dramatic Mirror, January 9, 1909, p 9 ; January 16, 1909, p 7.
References
External links
A Florida Feud website dedicated to Sidney Olcott
1909 films
1909 drama films
1909 short films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
Films directed by Sidney Olcott
Films set in Florida
Films shot in Jacksonville, Florida
Silent American drama films
1900s American films
In enzymology, a β-phosphoglucomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
β-D-glucose 1-phosphate β-D-glucose 6-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, β-D-glucose 1-phosphate, and one product, β-D-glucose 6-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the phosphotransferases (phosphomutases), which transfer phosphate groups within a molecule. The systematic name of this enzyme class is beta-D-glucose 1,6-phosphomutase. This enzyme participates in starch and sucrose metabolism.
Structural studies
20 structures have been solved for this enzyme PDB. Some of the accession codes are , , , , , and . Most of these structures detail metal fluoride analogue complexes which are used to mimic different states along the reaction coordinate.
References
EC 5.4.2
Enzymes of known structure
Ethel Maude Proffitt Stephenson (née Ethel Maude Proffitt) 1895–1982 was an American lawyer who practiced in Okemah and Tulsa specialising in the field of Native American civil rights. She was a senior member of the Oklahoma Bar Association, as well as a member of the Tulsa County Bar Association and the American Bar Association.
Life
Ethel Stephenson was born on 6 March 1895 in Rice, Kansas. Before beginning her legal career Ethel Stephenson was a teacher in Okemah where coincidentally her future husband, Logan Stephenson, had been principal before himself practicing law.
After moving to Tulsa, Ethel Stephenson became a secretary for attorney Logan Stephenson and later studied law under him. Logan Stephenson was President of the State Bar of Oklahoma in 1939 (renamed the Oklahoma Bar Association in 1940)and had a large oil and gas law practice in the Tulsa Atlas Life Building. Ethel married Logan Stephenson after the death of his first wife.
She died in Tulsa on July 6, 1982.
Legal career
Ethel Stephenson was the first female attorney in Okfuskee County, Oklahoma and in 1923 was appointed City Attorney of the Village of Pharoah in Oklahoma, in June of the same year she was admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of Oklahoma.
In December 1928, she became the first female attorney from Oklahoma to be admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of the United States.
From 1924 to 1935, Ethel Stephenson was the attorney of record with Logan Stephenson on 13 cases dealing with a variety of legal issues such as trusts, guardianships, assault and battery, and breach of contract for the sale of land. Logan Stephenson represented John Mabee of the philanthropic J. E. and L. E. Mabee Foundation, formed in 1948. Upon the death of her husband Ethel Stephenson became John Mabee's attorney until the 1960s.
See also
List of first women lawyers and judges in Oklahoma
References
External links
Oklahoma Bar Association Time Capsule
Further reading
Leading the Way: A Look at Oklahoma's Pioneering Women Lawyers by Patsy A. Trotter. Published in 2003 as a project of the Oklahoma Bar Association's Women in Law Committee, the book traces the history of the pioneer women lawyers in Oklahoma.
Oklahoma lawyers
1895 births
1982 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American women lawyers
People from Cloud County, Kansas
People from Okfuskee County, Oklahoma
Klahhane Ridge is located just to the south of Port Angeles, Washington, USA near Hurricane Ridge in the Olympic National Park. The ridge is accessible by a variety of hiking trails and offers views of the Olympic Mountains and the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
On October 17, 2010 a mountain goat attacked and killed Robert H. Boardman at Klahhane Ridge. Boardman had been hiking with his wife and friends, when an aggressive mountain goat approached. Boardman told the rest of his party to move down the trail while he tried to scare the goat away. His companions heard a loud yell and when they investigated the found Boardman on the ground with the aggressive goat nearby. Boardman had been gored in the thigh. A coast guard helicopter transported Boardman to Olympic Medical Center where he was pronounced deceased. The goat in question had been reported as being aggressive and the National Park Service had been keeping tabs on it. The goat was later shot by park employees and submitted for necropsy. Mountain goats are a non-native species that were introduced to the Olympic Mountains in the 1920s.
References
Landforms of Clallam County, Washington
Hiking trails in Washington (state)
Olympic Mountains
Landforms of Olympic National Park
Ridges of Washington (state)
Pterostichus obesulus is a species of beetle first discovered in 1873. No sub-species are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
References
Beetles described in 1873
Pterostichinae
The Spats were an American rock band active in Southern California between 1964 and 1968. Its members included Dick Johnson (vocalist), Bud Johnson (rhythm guitar), Ron Johnson (bass), Mike Sulsona (drums), Chuck Scott (aka Charles Irving Showalter, 1946-2008) (piano), Bob Dennis (saxophone), Myron Carpino (1947-2009) (lead guitar), and later Doug Rhodes (tuba and keyboards on: "Scooby Doo" and "She's Done Moved").
The three teenage Johnson brothers comprised the core of the band. They performed under other names, including the Nomads (1962), the Temptations (1963), and the Dick Johnson Sextet (1964) before officially becoming The Spats in June 1964. The band members were snappy dressers; while shopping one day they spotted a pair of spats which eventually became their trademark and band name.
They were signed to ABC Paramount Records and released an LP, Cookin' With The Spats (1965), and several singles including "Gator Tails and Monkey Ribs", written by Alonzo B. Willis. Later members included lead guitarist Gregg De Lorto, finally replaced by David Amaro. When Bud Johnson was drafted in 1968, Stephen Anderson joined on rhythm guitar and backing vocals. Grant Martyn aka Donald G. Martyn (1949-2005) replaced Doug Rhodes on the keyboard and provided vocals. Rick Grissinger replaced Mike Sulsona in 1966 and played with the band until the end.
Their clean-cut look and trademark spats made them a Disneyland favorite. In 1967, they were the guest band at the grand opening of Disneyland's New Tomorrowland Terrace and the first band to perform on its elevator stage. In addition to their steady weekly live appearances at many different venues throughout Southern California, The Spats also appeared on local TV and radio programs, including Dick Clark's American Bandstand, Shindig!, Shebang with Casey Kasem, and (on November 6, 1967) the Andy Williams special, Love, Andy. They were also in an episode of My Mother the Car.
The band dissolved in late 1968 due to so many of its members being drafted.
References
External links
Musical groups established in 1964
Garage rock groups from California
Lieutenant Colonel Syed Mir Ali Imam Al Mamun (born 15 July 1950) is a retired Officer of Bangladesh Army and the head of the aristocratic Padamdi family of Rajbari, present day Bangladesh.
Early life, family and Education
Born to Late Alhajj Syed Shamsul Haque (Retired Civil Servant and formerly Commissioned Officer in the Royal Indian Army) on 15 July 1950, Lieutenant Colonel Syed Ali Imam Al Mamun comes from the renowned Padamdi Nawab Estate, situated at the border of the District of Rajbari (greater Faridpur).
Commissioned in the Pakistan Army in 1970, Lt. Col. Mamun served under the colors of the 35 Heavy Artillery Regiment in Lahore and also as the Aide-de-Camp for the Corps Commander, IV Punjab Corps. Back home after enduring the traumas of the legendary Sagai Fort Concentration Camp for more than 2 years, he joined 7 Field Regiment of the Bangladesh Army in 1973. During his tenure, he commanded troops of the Combined Task Force (comprising the Army, BDR, Police, and the JRB) in Operation Black Panther to recover illegal weapons in the forests of the Sunderbans (Operation Saran khola), and later, counter infiltrations in the Myanmar Borders.
After a short stay in the Army, Lt. Col. Mamun was posted as Aide to the Director General of Bangladesh Rifles. During his stay in the Peelkhana BDR Headquarters, he worked as instructor of the first contingent of the Rifles Cadre Officers. During the instability that followed the assassination of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Lt. Col. Mamun worked as Aide to Chief of Defense Staff of Bangladesh, and later, with General M A G Osmani, Commander of the Liberation War Forces, and Mr. Shafiul Azam, Cabinet Secretary. During this period, the-then Captain Mamun was instrumental in maintaining legal command over the rebellious military components of the state. Promoted in 1977, Lt. Col. Mamun raised and commanded the 21 Rifle Wing (later, a battalion) in Jessore and served with the 15 Field Regiment Artillery at Kadirabad, Natore. Lt. Col. Mamun directed the raising of the Sylhet Cadet College during 1979 to 1981, and worked as its first Adjutant. He commanded military units in Comilla (XIV Field Artillery), Rangpur (with 72 Infantry Brigade), and Jessore (4 Field Regiment Artillery) till 1986.
In 1987, Lt. Col. Mamun took up as the Chief Instructor of Artillery training in the "Artillery Center and School" in Chittagong. For three years, Lt. Col. Mamun was responsible for the facilitation of the largest Gunners' training programme – commensurate with the largest demobilization of retiring Artillery troops from the Army. Later, Lt. Col. Mamun held the post of Area Admin Commander in the Area Headquarters of Bogra during 1989–90. With the democratic transition, Lt. Col. Mamun assumed the critical command of two BNCC regiments in the Universities of Chittagong and Dhaka during 1991–92.
Posted as the Commanding Officer of 1 Field Regiment Artillery in 1993, Lt. Col. Mamun had the wonderful opportunity of leading one of the finest battle machines of the Bangladesh Army. Starting with a thoroughly demoralized combat troop – about to be disbanded, Lt. Col. Mamun ultimately led his men to the UN Mission in Haiti in 1995. 1 Field Regiment Artillery was the FIRST ELITE ARTILLERY UNIT, which took part in a United Nations “Peace keeping” Mission, and that too in the operational field orbit of the US Forces' North Atlantic Command. In the mission to restore peace and democracy in Haiti, Lt. Col. Mamun came in touch with the distinguished leaders of the UN, US, Canada, and the Caribbean isles. He also worked with Mr. Laghdar Brahimi, Special Representative of the UN Secretary General (to Afghanistan and Iraq, amongst others), General Shehan (US North Atlantic Forces' Commander), and Lt. General F W Kenzer.
After the Mission in Haiti, Lt. Col. Mamun joined the Bangladesh Rifles again in 1996. He worked as the Commanding Officer of 32 Rifles Battalion stationed at Panchari, one of the remotest and deadliest regions of the Chittagong Hill Tracts, and commanded the Counter Insurgency Zone of Logung. As the Sector Commander of the KHAGRACHARI SECTOR, later on, he worked tirelessly to bring back peace and tranquility in the region. He worked along with the National Committee for Peace with the Parbatya Chattagram Jana Sanhati Samiti (PCJSS), popularly known as the political wing of the Shanti Bahini for its entire length – resulting in the much awaited signing of the Peace treaty. After the Peace Talks had been through, he was posted to PeelKhana, Dhaka, as the Commanding Officer of 19 Rifle Battalions. Lt. Col. Mamun retired from active duty in the year 2000 as Staff Officer for Military Training in the Army Headquarters. In reserves from the year 2000 to 2003, Lt. Col. Mamun served the Sena Kalyan Sangstha as its Director Secretary and played pivotal roles in negotiating joint venture deals with Motorola, Siemens, different Ministries and authorities of the Government of Bangladesh, and for developing the IT infrastructure of the country.
Stemming from the vision of an enlightened society, Lt. Col. Mamun worked for a brief period as the Vice Principal of Milestone College, Dhaka, during 2003–2004. Since 2004 August, Lt. Col. Mamun worked as the executive director: Kanchan Project of the OPEX Group – one of the largest local conglomerates of the country till mid-2009. He has served the kazi Farms, the Prabashi Kalyan Housing Scheme, and the Patriot Group in a succession afterwards. Currently, he is a Senior Director at the Milestone College.
A graduate from the University of Dhaka, Lt. Col. Mamun had worked with the Students' Union leadership before joining the Army, back in 1969. He has privileged experience with the civil administration, which include amongst others the Cabinet and the Establishment Divisions, and the Ministries of Home, Education, and Defense. He is an active proponent of the Leadership Institute Initiative taken up by University of Colorado at Denver. Lt. Col. Mamun has toured and traveled the countryside extensively and lives a colorful life of adventures. Married, he has been bestowed with two children, Syed Muntasir Mamun and Syeda Zarin Imam. A commanding officer and operational trainer for more than three decades, Lt. Col. Mamun is serving the country with pride and honor.
Keynotes of Experience
SUCCESSFUL ROLES PLAYED
Corporate Engagement
Major Military Command
Bangladesh Army
Bangladesh Rifles and Home Ministry
Raising and Operating
Staff Positions
Aide–De–Camp to Corps Commander: The IV (Punjab) Corps: Pakistan Army, 1970–1971, Lahore
Aide–De–Camp to Director General: Bangladesh Rifles, 1973–75, Dhaka
Aide–De–Camp to Chief of Defense Staff: People's Republic of Bangladesh, 1975–76, Dhaka
Conducting ADC to General M. A. G. Osmani, as the Defense Adviser, 1975–76, Dhaka,
Conducting ADC to Mr. Ashwini Kumar, Director General, Border Security Forces of India (BSF), 1975, Dhaka
1970–1980
He was posted to the 35 Heavy Artillery Regiment, stationed along the main defence belt for Lahore under the IV Corps commanded by General Bahadur Shah. He was posted as the Aide-de-Camp to the Corps Commander in December 1970. He commanded a heavy artillery battery of the 35 Regiment and took part in the defence of Lahore during the Indo-Pak War of 1971.
After being poisoned in Sagai Fort, Captain Mamun returned to Bangladesh under an agreement mediated by the ICRC between independent Bangladesh and Pakistan in 1973, where he was put in 7 Field Regiment Artillery in stationed in Jessore – supporting 55 Infantry Division. He led a task force of Army, paramilitary Bangladesh Rifles, Police, and the Jatyo Rakshi Bahini in two successful operations against the communist extremists and insurgents under Operation Black Panther (OBP) in the Sarankhola Range of the Sunderbans Forests and in Kushtia. Captain Mamun was deputed to Bangladesh Rifles (BDR) as the Aide-de-Camp of the Major General Quazi Golam Dastgir, and later, Major General Khalilur Rahman.
In the military coup in August 1975, as the ADC to DG-BDR, he commanded a contingent of more than 3,000 troops. During the time of the Soldiers' Mutiny in 1975, led by valiant freedom fighter – turned communist Colonel Abu Taher and A S M Abdur Rab, Captain Mamun was the only officer who put on the rank-badges of an officer – carrying the rank-badges of Major General Ziaur Rahman (later President of Bangladesh) and other senior officers in the breast-pockets of his olive uniform. He was close to Major General Khaled Mosharraf. He served with General M A G Osmani (the Commander-in-Chief of the Mukti Bahini – Freedom Fighters in 1971) later on. In 1976, he was promoted to the rank of a Major and put in the charge of raising 21 Rifle Wing (later, Battalion) in Jessore. In 1978 he took over command of the Romeo Battery of 15 Field Regiment Artillery.
1980–2000
Major Mamun assumed command of 14 Field Regiment Artillery – stationed in Comilla Cantonment in 1981. Major Mamun took over as the Deputy Area and Administrative Quarter Master General (DAA&QMG) of the 72 Infantry Brigade in Rangpur in 1983. Till the end of 1985, Major Mamun also served as the Deputy Chief Martial Law Administrator for eight northern districts of Bangladesh.
In 1986, he was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and took over command of 4 Mortar Regiment Artillery stationed in Jessore Cantonment under the 55 Div-Support Artillery. It became a Field Artillery Regiment later in 1989. He then became the Chief Instructor of Artillery Training in the Artillery Center – situated in the port city of Chittagong in February 1987. In 1989, he was posted to Bogra with the 11 Infantry Division as the Area and Administrative Quarter Master General (AA&QMG).
After the fall of President Hussain Muhammad Ershad in a mass revolution for democracy in December 1990, he was posted to Bangladesh National Cadet Corps (BNCC) in 1991 as Deputy Director General and Commander – first in Karnaphuli Regiment (stationed in Chittagong University), and then in Ramna Regiment (stationed in Dhaka University).
1 Field Regiment Artillery
Lt. Col. Mamun took over command of 1 Field Regiment Artillery stationed in Jahangirabad Cantonment, Bogra, under the command of 11 Artillery Brigades orbiting 11 Infantry Division on 11 February 1993. He along with the 1 Field Regiment Artillery were stationed to United Nations Stabilisation Mission in Haiti from September 1995. Getting back home, Lt. Col. Mamun was deputed to Bangladesh Rifles (BDR) again and was posted to Paanchari as the Region Commander and Commanding Officer of 32 Rifle Battalions under the Khagrachari Hill District during the signing of the peace treaty. The Peace Treaty was signed and Parbatya Chattagram Jana Sanghati Samiti (PCJSS) leader, Shantu Larma surrendered arms to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in February 1998. Lt. Col. Mamun was posted as Commanding Officer of the 19 Rifle Battalion (and for some time as Commander of the Dhaka Sector) the same year. He retired from active service in July 2000.
Awards
Medals and decorations
Victory Medal 1971
Constitution Medal 1972
Distinguished Service Medal – I 1981
Distinguished Service Medal – II 1991
Distinguished Service Medal – III 2000
Dabanol (Wild Fire; 1975) with Gold Bar (1997)
Bangladesh Rifles – Bicentennial 1995
United Nations Peace Medal 1996
Operation Black Panther 1974
Cyclone Relief Medal 1997
Parliament Elections Medal 1991
References
External links
Lt Col Syed Mir Ali Imam Al Mamun at Retired Army Officers Welfare Association.
1950 births
Bangladesh Army colonels
Living people
20th-century Bengalis
21st-century Bengalis
People from Rajbari District
Bangladeshi people of Arab descent
The Alliance For Wireless Power is an industry standard group that uses the principles of magnetic resonance to develop a wireless energy transfer system over distance. The WiPower system uses directed and controlled magnetic fields to replace traditional power cords. To do this, the transmitter utilizes one or more primary windings in order to induce an even magnetic field above its surface. A receiver in the magnetic field uses a secondary winding which captures the magnetic energy and converts it back to electrical energy.
WiPower's system was based on modified coreless inductive technology and dynamically adjusts power supplied by the transmitter to power demanded by the receiver without the need for control systems or communication. As such, the company's technology represents a simpler design versus alternate wireless power solutions. The system is capable of supplying power to multiple receivers simultaneously that are placed on top of the transmitter in any position or orientation, and the company has reported DC to DC efficiencies between 60 and 90%.
These technologies were combined in a backwards compatible manner with Intel and Qualcomm's wireless power over distance technologies to be standardised by the Alliance For Wireless Power.
History
Originally pioneered by Nikola Tesla in the 1890s, wireless power transfer systems, largely based on Michael Faraday's electromagnetic induction principles of 1831, have seen many applications, from electronic toothbrushes to HP's smartphones based on webOS.
Founded in 2004, WiPower emerged from the University of Florida when founder Ryan Tseng began exploring the technology and developed a prototype. Over the following three years, the company continued research and development with the University of Florida, ultimately creating the current technology.
WiPower received coverage in the media, such as Fast Company magazine and the New York Times, and was featured on television shows, such as NBC's Today Show and CNBC's Power Lunch
Acquisition and standards body formed
WiPower was acquired by Qualcomm in September 2010. The Alliance For Wireless Power was formed with major components suppliers in 2012, with Intel joining in 2013.
In 2015 the organization was merged with the Power Matters Alliance (PMA) to form the AirFuel Alliance.
See also
Qi (standard)
Open Dots open standard for wire-free power by the Open Dots Alliance
References
External links
Wireless energy transfer
The China women's national field hockey team () represents the People's Republic of China. The team won silver at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, as well as bronze at the 2002 Hockey World Cup in Perth, Australia. Also, the team won the 2002 Hockey Champions Trophy and finished second in 2004 and 2006.
Tournament history
Summer Olympics
2000 – 5th place
2004 – 4th place
2008 –
2012 – 6th place
2016 – 9th place
2020 – 9th place
World Cup
World League
2012–13 – 6th place
2014–15 – 4th place
2016–17 – 8th place
Pro League
2019 – 7th place
2020–21 – 8th place
2021–22 – 8th place
2022–23 – Qualified
Champions Trophy
2001 – 4th place
2002 –
2003 –
2004 – 5th place
2005 –
2006 –
2008 – 4th place
2010 – 6th place
2011 – 7th place
2012 – 8th place
2014 – 6th place
2018 – 4th place
Champions Challenge
2007 –
Asian Games
1990 –
1994 –
1998 –
2002 –
2006 –
2010 –
2014 –
2018 –
2022 – Qualified
Asia Cup
1989 –
1993 –
1999 –
2004 –
2007 –
2009 –
2013 – 4th place
2017 –
2022 – 4th place
Asian Champions Trophy
2010 – 4th place
2011 –
2013 – 4th place
2016 –
2018 –
2021 –
Current squad
The squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup.
Head coach: Alyson Annan
See also
China men's national field hockey team
References
External links
FIH profile
Asian women's national field hockey teams
Field hockey
National
Blaze may refer to:
Places
Blaze, Kentucky
Blaze Island, Nunavut, Canada
People
Given name
Blaze Bayley (born 1963), English singer, former Wolfsbane and Iron Maiden vocalist
Blaze Berdahl (born 1980), American actress, singer, rapper, voice-over actor, announcer and narrator
Blaze Jordan (born 2002), American professional baseball player
Blaze Foley, stage name of former American country singer and songwriter Michael David Fuller (1949–1989)
Blaze Starr, an American stripper and burlesque artist
Surname
Alundra Blayze, later stage name for former female professional wrestler Debrah Miceli (born 1964), also known as Madusa
Bobby Blaze (born 1963), former American professional wrestler
Louis Edmund Blaze (1861–1951), Sri Lankan Burgher educationist and founder of Kingswood College, Kandy, Sri Lanka
Sonny Blayze, former manager of professional wrestling tag-team The Powers of Pain
Mononym
Blaaze (born 1975), Indian rapper and playback singer
Blaze Ya Dead Homie (also known simply as Blaze, born 1976), American rapper
Arts, entertainment and media
Fictional entities
Blaze (Mortal Kombat), a character from the Mortal Kombat video game series
Blaze, a character in the cartoon Beverly Hills Teens
Blaze, a Red Monster Truck character in Blaze and the Monster Machines
Blaze, a horse featured in a series of children's books by C.W. Anderson
Blaze, a firefly featured as a major character in Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure
Blaze, a special ability of some Pokémon that have the Fire-type
Blaze, a mob from the Minecraft video game
Blaze, the player character's callsign in the video game Ace Combat 5
Blaze, Method Man's nickname in the video game Def Jam: Fight for NY
Blaze, a wizard class from the video game Maplestory
Blaze the Cat, a fictional pyrokinetic princess cat from the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series
Blaze and Satanus, comic book villains from DC Comics, enemies of Superman and Captain Marvel
Blaze Fielding, a character from the Streets of Rage video game series
Films
Blaze (1989 film), a 1989 film starring Paul Newman and Lolita Davidovich
Blaze (2018 film), a 2018 film based on the life of country musician Blaze Foley
Blaze (2022 film), a 2022 film starring Simon Baker
Music
Groups
Blaze (group), a house-music production team formed in 1984 in New Jersey, USA
Blaze (Japanese band), a band known for its song "Fire", which appears in the Yu-Gi-Oh! movie Pyramid of Light
Blaze Bayley (band), band of the like-named English singer
The Blaze (band), a French electronica duo
Albums
Blaze (Lagwagon album), 2003
Blaze (Herman's Hermits album)
Songs
"Blaze" (song), a 2008 single by J-pop singer Kotoko
"Blaze", a single by Japanese singer Kinya Kotani
Other arts, entertainment, and media
Blaze (novel), a 2007 novel by Stephen King writing as Richard Bachman
Blaze (toy), a rocking-horse riding toy produced by Mattel in the 1960s
Blaze (TV channel), a British television channel
Blaze and the Monster Machines, a 2014 Nickelodeon cartoon
Blaze Europe, video games accessory manufacturer and distributor in the UK
Sports and games
Mascots
Blaze (UAB mascot), the dragon mascot of the University of Alabama at Birmingham athletic teams
Blaze the Phoenix, the mascot of the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Blaze the Trail Cat, mascot of the Portland Trail Blazers professional basketball team
Blaze the Vulcan, the mascot of the California University of Pennsylvania Vulcans
Teams
Baton Rouge Blaze, a former team in the arenafootball2 league who played their home games in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA
Coventry Blaze, an ice hockey team in England, known as Solihull Blaze before relocation to Coventry
Gold Coast Blaze, an Australian professional basketball team based in Queensland, Australia
Utah Blaze, an Arena Football League team playing their home games in Salt Lake City
Other uses in sports and games
Blaze (dinghy), a high-performance racing dinghy designed by Ian Howlett and John Caig
Blaze, a non-standard poker hand
Other uses
Blaze, a name for an active conflagration
Blaze, a C++ Math library
Blaze (horse marking), equine coat marking
Blaze (software), a tool to automate software building and testing
Blaze Pizza, a fast-casual pizza chain
See also
Blaise (disambiguation)
Blazer (disambiguation)
Blazing (disambiguation)
Blazing Saddles (1974), an American satirical Western comedy film
Blazing star (disambiguation)
Trail blazing, the practice of marking paths in outdoor recreational areas
The Blaze (disambiguation)
Frances Boardman Squire Potter (November 12, 1867March 25, 1914) was an American academic and activist.
Frances Boardman Squire was born on November 12, 1867, in Elmira, New York, to Grace (Smith) and Truman H. Squire. She married Winfield S. Potter in 1891.
Potter attended Elmira College as an undergraduate from 1883 to 1887, graduating with an AB, and received a master's degree in 1889. She moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota, shortly after graduating. Initially she taught high school and then became a professor of English at the University of Minnesota, where she was a full professor from 1907 to 1909. She did research on the papers of John Milton at the University of Cambridge while on a leave of absence from her professorship around 1907.
Potter left her professorship to become the corresponding secretary of the National American Woman Suffrage Association (NAWSA), after being elected at NAWSA's national convention in 1909. Around that time, she also chaired the literary committee of the General Federation of Women's Clubs and edited Life and Labor, its magazine.
She died on March 25, 1914, in Chicago.
Publications
Germelshausen (play, 1904, with Mary Gray Peck and Carl Schlenker)
The Ballingtons (novel; Little, Brown and Company, 1905)
The Common School Spelling Book
References
1867 births
1914 deaths
20th-century American women writers
American suffragists
Clubwomen
Elmira College alumni
People from Elmira, New York
University of Minnesota faculty
Aleesha is a Konkani film released in 2004 in Goa, India. It was directed by Rajendra Talak and featured Priyanka Bidaye and Rajeev Hede in the lead roles.
Synopsis
The film is about a mine-owner family and its interaction with the residents of the mining belt of Goa.
The bountiful nature and the pristine beauty of Goa is a joy for Goans and nature lovers all over the globe. Known all over the world as a popular tourist destination, Goa remains a dream holiday destination for everybody. But little known is the fact that the mining industry is an important part of Goa's economy. It could be the story of any of the mining families in Goa, with a young scion taking learning the ropes the newest member of the family, a pretty, educated daughter-in-law, Aleesha.
Aleesha is an artist photographer who is an ardent lover of nature. Married in the family of industrialists, she finds herself in a conflict of interests. Her struggle to set right the blatant violation and flouting of rules brings her in direct confrontation with her family's business interests. Moreover, her hard stance of exposing the facts does not go down well with the involved parties. In the film, Aleesha depicts her persuasiveness and the manner in which she manages to prevail over her husband and in-laws who themselves are mine owners. Aleesha's message is that of co-existence of an eco-friendly industry with nature being the need of the hour.
Priyanka Bidye plays the lead role well, a bit dramatised for the effect. It is Prashanti Talpankar, lecturer in Dnyanaprasarak Mandal's College on the outskirts of Mhapsa and a writer in her own rights, who grabs the attention in her role as "Philo", the wife of a deceased truck driver in the mining belt. The film ably depicts the neglect of the environment by industrialists, changing trend in mining, with afforestation and social concern increasing in the mining companies. The role in real life that is played by qualified and professional Environmental Managers working under an ISO 14001 regime is shown in reel life as led by the daughter-in-law. Prince Jacob and Lorna have also made guest appearances, where Lorna sings Portun Aikat Mozo Tavo and Prince Jacob as a government officer / inspector.
Cast and crew
Cast: Priyanka Bidye (as Aleesha), Tapan Acharya, Dr. Vijay Thali, Prashanti Talpankar (as Philo), Rajeev Hede, Dr. Ajay Vaidya, Anil Raikar, Keshav Nadkarni, Neema Kamat, Sachika Almeida, Ashalata Wabganvkar, Sanjay Tadvalkar, Harsh Kamat
Guest appearance: Prince Jacob, Lorna
Director: Rajendra Talak
Producer: Rajendra Talak (Rajendra Talak Creations)
Director of Photography: Debu Deodhar
Music
The soundtrack of this film was not released. Only the song Kali Kali sung by Devaki Pandit and its instrumental version were released in a combination album with Rajendra Talak's production Daryachea Deger.
Production
In 2002, Talak decided to make a film about the pollution caused by mining in Goa. He began with a budget of Rs. 65 lakhs. Upon learning that Goa would host the International Film Festival of India in 2004, Talak quickly finished the shooting and post production of Aleesha. The film premiered at the 35th International Film Festival of India.
Awards
National Award for Best Feature Film in Konkani at the 52nd National Film Awards. Aleesha was the first film to win this award, although Nirmon had earlier won a Certificate of Merit for Regional Languages in 1965.
Notes and references
Article
National Film Awards document
Konkani-language films
Films set in Goa
2004 films
2000s Konkani-language films
Crème brûlée or crème brulée (; ), also known as burnt cream or Trinity cream, and virtually identical to the original crema catalana, is a dessert consisting of a rich custard base topped with a layer of hardened caramelized sugar. It is normally served slightly chilled; the heat from the caramelizing process tends to warm the top of the custard, while leaving the center cool.
The custard base is traditionally flavored with vanilla in French cuisine, but can have other flavorings. It is sometimes garnished with fruit.
History
The earliest known recipe of a dessert called crème brûlée appears in François Massialot's 1691 cookbook Cuisinier royal et bourgeois. The question of its origin has inspired debate within the modern gastronomical community, with some authors suggesting that crema catalana, whose origins date to the 14th century, may have inspired chefs throughout Europe.
Some authors mention Bartolomeo Stefani's Latte alla Spagnuola (1662) as describing crema catalana, but it calls for browning the top of the custard before serving with sugar on top.
The name "burnt cream" was later used to refer to the dish in the 1702 English translation of Massialot's Cuisinier royal et bourgeois. In 1740, he referred to a similar recipe as crême à l'Angloise, or 'English cream', which further cast doubt on its origins. The dessert was introduced at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1879 as "Trinity Cream" or "Cambridge burnt cream", with the college arms "impressed on top of the cream with a branding iron". No dessert by the name crème brûlée appeared again in French cookbooks until the 1980s.
Crème brûlée was generally uncommon in both French and English cookbooks of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. It became extremely popular in the 1980s, "a symbol of that decade's self-indulgence and the darling of the restaurant boom", probably popularized by Sirio Maccioni at his New York restaurant Le Cirque. He claimed to have made it "the most famous and by far the most popular dessert in restaurants from Paris to Peoria".
Technique
Crème brûlée is usually served in individual ramekins. Discs of caramel may be prepared separately and put on top just before serving, or the caramel may be formed directly on top of the custard immediately before serving. To do this, sugar is sprinkled onto the custard, then caramelized under a red-hot salamander (a cast-iron disk with a long wooden handle) or with a butane torch.
There are two methods for making the custard. The more common creates a "hot" custard by whisking egg yolks in a double boiler with sugar and incorporating the cream, adding vanilla once the custard is removed from the heat. Alternatively, the egg yolk/sugar mixture can be tempered with hot cream, then adding vanilla at the end. In the "cold" method, the egg yolks and sugar are whisked together until the mixture reaches the ribbon stage. Then, cold heavy cream is whisked into the yolk mixture, followed by the vanilla. It is then poured into ramekins and baked in a bain-marie.
See also
Crème caramel, also known as flan (not to be confused with the English flan)
List of custard desserts
List of French desserts
References
Bibliography
External links
Custard desserts
French desserts
British desserts
Spanish desserts
Sugarloaf Island may refer to:
Sugarloaf Island (Alaska), one of the Barren Islands
Sugar Loaf Island (California)
Sugarloaf Island (South Shetland Islands)
Mota Island, northern Vanuatu
one of the Farallon Islands
Kat kyi kaik (; ), also specifically called Myeik kat kyi kaik (), is a spicy Burmese fried noodle dish associated with the coastal town of Myeik (formerly Mergui) in Southern Myanmar.
It consists of wide, flat rice noodles fried with squid slices, bean sprouts, prawns, steamed garden pea (pe byok), spring onion, pepper and dark soy sauce. It is popular locally where it is found in the Southern coastal region of Myanmar and in Yangon.
The dish gets the name kat kyi kaik () because while the noodle and ingredients are being fried in a wok, the cook uses scissors to cut up the noodles for easier cooking and serving.
A comparable dish is char kway teow, a popular dish in Singapore and Malaysia. Beik kut kyee kaik only uses prawns and squid as main ingredients.
References
See also
Meeshay - a rice noodle dish associated with Shan State in Eastern Myanmar
Mont di - a rice noodle dish associated with Rakhine State in Western Myanmar
Burmese cuisine
Shrimp dishes
Squid dishes
Fried noodles
Wayne Fitzgerald (March 19, 1930 – September 30, 2019) was an American film title designer. Over a career that spanned 55 years, he designed close to five hundred motion picture and television main and end title sequences for top directors such as Francis Ford Coppola, John Huston, Mike Nichols, Robert Redford, Roman Polanski, Arthur Penn, Michael Cimino, Warren Beatty, Herbert Ross, John Hughes, and Quentin Tarantino.
Film title work
A native of Los Angeles, Fitzgerald graduated from Art Center College of Design in 1951, and went to work at Pacific Title & Art Studio. His first major motion picture title design was for MGM's Raintree County (1957). He worked on a great many titles during his 17-year tenure at Pacific Title, becoming head of the art and design department. During that time, Pacific Title did all the motion picture title work for Warner Bros., MGM, and 20th Century Fox, as well as some for Paramount Pictures and Columbia Pictures, plus independents. Neither Pacific Title nor its employees received title design credit. As a result, Fitzgerald did not receive credit for many of his early designs, such as The Three Faces of Eve (1957), Imitation of Life (1959), Pillow Talk (also 1959), The Music Man (1962), My Fair Lady (1964); or for early television shows such as Maverick (1957), Mister Ed (1961), The Beverly Hillbillies (1962), and Alfred Hitchcock's Suspicion.
In addition to providing an entertaining background for the credits, Fitzgerald's titles often set the mood. For The Music Man he directed a group of 35 technicians who built sets and painted and animated the musical instruments and marching band. He then shot and edited the sequence. In the film Max Dugan Returns (1983), the title character does not appear for half an hour. Fitzgerald's titles with Bob Kurtz animation provided a background for the character.
For Bonnie and Clyde (1967), Fitzgerald used old snapshots and a quick-cut style driven by sound that melded seamlessly with film editor Dede Allen's editorial style. The photos established the mood and look of the 1930s, and referenced the fact that Bonnie and Clyde were known for taking snapshots of themselves, which they sent to the press. Until the music starts to fade in, the only sound is the click of a Brownie camera.
While working together on Bonnie and Clyde, Warren Beatty convinced Fitzgerald to strike out on his own. He left his job as head of the art department at Pacific Title and formed Wayne Fitzgerald FilmDesign. Chinatown (1974), Nine to Five (1980), Footloose (1984), Total Recall (1990), to name a few, followed. In addition to opening titles, Fitzgerald shot second unit and edited montage sequences for Rocky III and Tootsie (both 1982).
Fitzgerald also continued to design titles for prime-time television shows Night Gallery (1971), McMillan & Wife (1971), Dallas (1978), Matlock (1986), and Columbo (1971–75). He won an Emmy Award in 1987 for The Bronx Zoo. He also designed for the daytime soap operas The Bold and the Beautiful (CBS) 1987 (EMMY 1987), One Life to Live (ABC) 1984, and The Guiding Light (CBS) 1991 (EMMY 1992), and again in 2002 with his son Eric Fitzgerald, also a title designer.
In 1993 Fitzgerald briefly joined the digital graphic design firm, Pittard-Sullivan. It became Pittard-Sullivan-Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald's last work with the company was in 1995, after which he reformed his company, Wayne Fitzgerald FilmDesign, Inc.
In 1995, Fitzgerald designed the logo for the Motion Picture Editors Guild.
Personal life
Fitzgerald was a member of the Directors Guild of America. He was a two-term governor in the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, representing title designers, and a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. He lectured at UCLA and AFI, and participated in panel discussions in Los Angeles and New York. He also taught at Art Center College of Design.
Fitzgerald died September 30, 2019.
Filmography
Select Pacific Title (1956–1968) titles
Raintree County (1957)
Auntie Mame (1958)
The Diary of Anne Frank (1959)
Imitation of Life (1959)
Pillow Talk (1959)
Judgment at Nuremberg (1961)
The Music Man (1962)
My Fair Lady (1964)
Cat Ballou (1965)
Battle of the Bulge (1965)
Inside Daisy Clover (1965)
The Silencers (1966)
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (1966)
Murderers' Row (1966)
In the Heat of the Night (1967)
Bonnie and Clyde (1967)
Who's Minding the Mint? (1967)
Camelot (1967)
The Ambushers (1967)
Cool Hand Luke (1967)
Guess Who's Coming to Dinner (1967)
The Graduate (1967)
Rosemary's Baby (1968)
The Green Berets (1968)
Funny Girl (1968)
Wayne Fitzgerald/FilmDesign (1968–1993)
Alice's Restaurant (1969)
On a Clear Day You Can See Forever (1970)
Catch-22 (1970)
Little Big Man (1970)
The Owl and the Pussycat (1970)
Mame (1974)
The Conversation (1974)
Chinatown (1974)
Alice Doesn't Live Here Any more (1974)
The Godfather: Part II (1974)
Funny Lady (1975)
Mitchell (1975)
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975)
The Missouri Breaks (1976)
Slap Shot (1977)
The Turning Point (1977)
The Goodbye Girl (1977)
Heaven Can Wait (1978)
The Deer Hunter (1978)
Grease (high school yearbook end titles)
California Suite (1978)
Apocalypse Now (1979) (end titles)
The Muppet Movie (1979)
North Dallas Forty (1979)
The Electric Horseman (1979)
Private Benjamin (1980)
Nine to Five (1980)
Reds (1981)
Pennies From Heaven (1981)
Body Heat (1981)
Tootsie (1982)
Annie (1982)
The Outsiders (1983)
Vacation (1983)
The Big Chill (1983)
Terms of Endearment (1983)
Splash (1984)
Footloose (1984)
Sixteen Candles (1984)
The Breakfast Club (1985)
Down and Out in Beverly Hills (1986)
Black Widow (1987)
The Milagro Beanfield War (1988)
Total Recall (1990)
Ghost (1990)
Dick Tracy (1990)
City Slickers (1991)
Basic Instinct (1992)
White Men Can't Jump (1992)
A River Runs Through It (1992)
Scent of a Woman (1992)
Pittard/Sullivan/Fitzgerald (1993–1995)
Groundhog Day (1993)
Grumpy Old Men (1993)
Wyatt Earp (1994)
Maverick (1994)
Waterworld (1995)
Wayne Fitzgerald/Filmdesign (1995–2003)
Diabolique (1996)
The Rainmaker (1997)
Beverly Hills Ninja (1997)
RocketMan (1997)
Kingpin (1996)
Nobody's Baby (with Eric Fitzgerald/Hollywood Title) (2001)
Hollywood Homicide (with Eric Fitzgerald/Hollywood Title) (2003)
Awards
Fitzgerald won a Primetime Emmy with David Oliver Pfeil for outstanding main title design on The Bronx Zoo in 1987. He won Daytime Emmys for The Bold and the Beautiful in 1987, and The Guiding Light in 1992. He was nominated for Daytime Emmys in 1994 with Judy Korin for Days of Our Lives, and with Eric Fitzgerald in 2003 for The 50th Anniversary Season of The Guiding Light.
References
External links
New York Times Filmography at http://movies.nytimes.com/person/217173/Wayne-Fitzgerald/filmography
"Great Panes" an article on Pacific Title http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/features/20030504-9999_1a4glass.html
Total Recall (1990) title sequence at The Art of the Title Sequence http://www.artofthetitle.com/2008/04/01/total-recall/
https://www.latimes.com/obituaries/story/2019-09-30/wayne-fitzgerald-hollywood-movie-titles-dead
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/03/movies/wayne-fitzgerald-dead.html?searchResultPosition=1
https://www.theguardian.com/film/2019/oct/02/pillow-talk-to-bonnie-and-clyde-the-greatest-wayne-fitzgerald-main-titles
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/wayne-fitzgerald-dead-main-title-designer-pillow-talk-godfather-part-ii-total-recall-was-89-1214053
Film and television title designers
1930 births
2019 deaths
Film directors from Los Angeles
Art Center College of Design alumni
An Uncertain Collision is the second studio album by Mexican progressive metal and Latin metal band Acrania, released on October 20, 2012 with the support of Mexico's Council for Culture and Arts. A music video was released for the album's first single "Treason, Politics & Death" on January 8, 2013.
Track listing
Personnel
Acrania
Luis Oropeza – Vocals, Guitars
Johnny Chavez – Drums
Félix Carreón – Guitars
Alberto Morales – Bass
Ignacio Gómez Ceja – Percussion
Additional musicians
Lucas Moreno - Flute, Sax
Oscar Pineda – Trombone
Said Cuevas – Trumpet
Julián Roberto Flores Millán - Trumpet
Alan Hernández Varela - Trumpet
David Contreras Cortés - Sax
Production and design
Johnny Chavez – production, engineering, mixing
Acrania – production, music arrangement
Jesús Bravo - Mastering
Eliran Kantor – artwork
Darío Baez – photography
References
Acrania (band) albums
2012 albums
Badolato is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy. As of 2013 Badolato had an estimated population of 3,152.
Territory
The village of Badolato is from Catanzaro on Calabria's Ionian coast. Situated approximately above sea level, Badolato has several Byzantine churches arranged in the shape of a Latin cross, and many small alleyways characteristic of medieval towns. It is an agricultural center for the area on the Ionian side of the Calabrian mountain range, located on the north-western slopes of Mount St. Nicholas. It occupies a spur between two valleys which open out to the coastal plain below. Above the railway station is the town of Badolato Marina, situated on the SS106 Ionica state highway.
History
During the Angevin era of the Kingdom of Naples, Badolato was controlled by local lords who took control from Pietro Ruffo, Count of Catanzaro. In 1454, Badolato became a barony held by the Toraldo family until 1596. It then passed to the Ravaschieri in 1596, to the Pinelli, and Gallelli in 1658 and to the Pignatelli of Belmonte from 1779 to 1806. Severely damaged by the earthquakes of 1640, 1659 and 1783, the town was also hit by the floods of 1951.
Main sights
Ruins of the perimeter walls of the Ravaschieri castle, said to date from the 17th century, still exist. The Church of Sant'Isidoro, in the village of the same name, bears traces of Byzantine frescoes. The Church of Sant'Andrea Avellino has two wooden busts of St. Andrew and St. Francis of Paola and valuable, sacred furnishings from the 17th and 18th centuries.
In the church of Santa Caterina there is an ornate altar and a table depicting the Madonna and Child, both from the 15th and 16th centuries. In the Chiesa dei Riformati, there is a piece of the official altar of frà Diego de' Careri, 1644, a crucifix from the same artist and major works of art from the eighteenth century. The church of Santa Maria degli Angeli, along with the adjoining convent of Friars Minor, is of Baroque design.
Economy
Badolato is known as a centre of oil production and wine, which are largely exported. Farm also produce grain and fruit. There are many companies the business of breeding cattle, sheep and goats, as well as the processing of dairy products. Until recently some families used hand looms for the production of blankets and scarves of wool and silk, and also distilled turpentine. There are also oil mills and shirt factories.
Increasingly tourism is becoming important with a number of the houses in the village being renovated or rebuilt as second homes of a high standard. Bed & breakfast services are operating in Badolato Superiore while in Badolato Marina a new development of second homes for the Danish market has joined the existing hotels and facilities.
External links
Magazine of the Association "La Radice"
Gil Botulino Magazine
Sources
Cities and towns in Calabria
Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) started as a method of physical asset management focused on maintaining and improving manufacturing machinery, in order to reduce the operating cost to an organization. After the PM award was created and awarded to Nippon Denso in 1971, the JIPM (Japanese Institute of Plant Maintenance), expanded it to include 8 pillars of TPM that required involvement from all areas of manufacturing in the concepts of lean Manufacturing.
TPM is designed to disseminate the responsibility for maintenance and machine performance, improving employee engagement and teamwork within management, engineering, maintenance, and operations.
There are eight types of pillars TPM.
1- focused Improvements
2- JH Pillar (Autonomous Maintenance)
3- PM pillar (Planned Maintenance)
4- QM pillar (Quality Maintenance)
5- DM pillar (Development Maintenance)
6- E&T pillar (Education and Training)
7- OTPM (Office TPM)
8- SHE Pillar (Safety, Health and Environment)
History
Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) was developed by Seiichi Nakajima in Japan between 1950 and 1970. This experience led to the recognition that a leadership mindset engaging front line teams in small group improvement activity is an essential element of effective operation. The outcome of his work was the application of the TPM process in 1971. One of the first companies to gain from this was Nippondenso, a company that created parts for Toyota. They became the first winner of the PM prize. An internationally accepted TPM benchmark developed by the JIPM Seiichi Nakajima is therefore regarded as the father of TPM. The classic TPM process he developed consisting of 5 principles was later enhanced by the JIPM to incorporate many of the lessons of Lean Manufacturing and is referred to as Company-Wide TPM which consists of 8 principles/pillars.
Objectives
The goal of TPM is the continuous improvement of equipment effectiveness through engaging those that impact on it in small group improvement activities. Total quality management (TQM) and total productive maintenance (TPM) are considered as the key operational activities of the quality management system. In order for TPM to be effective, the full support of the total workforce is required. This should result in accomplishing the goal of TPM: "Enhance the volume of the production, employee morals, and job satisfaction."
The main objective of TPM is to increase the Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) of plant equipment. TPM addresses the causes for accelerated deterioration and production losses while creating the correct environment between operators and equipment to create ownership.
OEE has three factors which are multiplied to give one measure called OEE
Performance x Availability x Quality = OEE
Each factor has two associated losses making 6 in total, these 6 losses are as follows:
Performance = (1) running at reduced speed – (2) Minor Stops
Availability = (3) Breakdowns – (4) Product changeover
Quality = (5) Startup rejects – (6) Running rejects
The objective finally is to identify then prioritize and eliminate the causes of the losses. This is done by self-managing teams that solve problems. Employing consultants to create this culture is a common practice.
Principles
The eight pillars of TPM are mostly focused on proactive and preventive techniques for improving equipment reliability:
Autonomous Maintenance - Operators who use all of their senses to help identify causes for losses
Focused Improvement - Scientific approach to problem-solving to eliminate losses from the factory
Planned Maintenance - Professional maintenance activities performed by trained mechanics and engineers
Quality Maintenance - Scientific and statistical approach to identifying defects and eliminating the cause of them
Early/equipment management - Scientific introduction of equipment and design concepts that eliminate losses and make it easier to make defect free production efficiently.
Education and Training - Support to continuous improvement of knowledge of all workers and management
Administrative & office TPM - Using TPM tools to improve all the support aspects of a manufacturing plant including production scheduling, materials management and information flow, As well as increasing moral of individuals and offering awards to well deserving employees for increasing their morals.
Safety Health Environmental conditions
With the help of these pillars, we can increase productivity.
Manufacturing support.
Implementation
Following are the steps involved by the implementation of TPM in an organization:
Initial evaluation of TPM level,
Introductory Education and Propaganda (IEP) for TPM,
Formation of TPM committee,
Development of a master plan for TPM implementation,
Stage by stage training to the employees and stakeholders on all eight pillars of TPM,
Implementation preparation process,
Establishing the TPM policies and goals and development of a road map for TPM implementation.
According to Nicholas, the steering committee should consist of production managers, maintenance managers, and engineering managers. The committee should formulate TPM policies and strategies and give advice. This committee should be led by a top-level executive. Also a TPM program team must rise, this program team has oversight and coordination of implementation activities. As well, it's lacking some crucial activities, like starting with partial implementation. Choose the first target area as a pilot area, this area will demonstrate the TPM concepts. Lessons learned from early target areas/the pilot area can be applied further in the implementation process.
Difference from TQM
Total quality management and total productive maintenance are often used interchangeably. However, TQM and TPM share a lot of similarities but are considered as two different approaches in the official literature. TQM attempts to increase the quality of goods, services, and concomitant customer satisfaction by raising awareness of quality concerns across the organization.
TQM is based on five cornerstones: The product, the process that allows the product to be produced, the organization that provides the proper environment needed for the process to work, the leadership that guides the organization, and commitment to excellence throughout the organization.
In other words, TQM focuses on the quality of the product, while TPM focuses on the losses that impede the equipment used to produce the products. By preventing equipment break-down, improving the quality of the equipment and by standardizing the equipment (results in less variance, so better quality), the quality of the products increases. TQM and TPM can both result in an increase in quality. However, the way of going there is different. TPM can be seen as a way to help to achieve the goal of TQM.
References
Business terms
Business process management
Linji Huguo Chan Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in Zhongshan District of Taipei, Taiwan.
History
It was called Rinzai Gokokuzen-ji (臨済護国禅寺), which was a branch temple of Rinzai Zen Buddhism in Japanese rule period. Construction of the temple, designed by Japanese monk , commenced in 1900 and was completed in 1911. The statue of Sakyamuni was consecrated on June 21, 1912.
In April 2007, the Taipei Municipal Government has allocated NT$18.05 million for the reconstruction project.
Architecture
The extant buildings include the Shanmen, Four Heavenly Kings Hall, Mahavira Hall, bell tower, drum tower and a pagoda.
Mahavira Hall
The Mahavira Hall was built with double-eaves gable and hip roofs. It modeled the architectural style of the Song dynasty. On each of the main ridge is a tile named "Onigawara". The Mahavira Hall houses statues of Sakyamuni (center), Guanyin (right) and Ksitigarbha (left).
References
1911 establishments in Taiwan
20th-century Buddhist temples
Buddhist temples in Taipei
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1911
In Māori mythology, Irawaru is the origin of the dog. He is the husband of Hinauri, the sister of Māui. Māui becomes annoyed with Irawaru and stretches out his limbs, turning him into a dog. When Hinauri asks Māui if he has seen her husband, Māui tells her to call "Moi! Moi!" whereupon the poor dog runs up to Hinauri. Learning the truth, she throws herself to Tangaroa (the ocean) never to be seen again.
Versions differ as to the cause of Māui's annoyance with his brother-in-law. In some, he is jealous of Irawaru's success at fishing; in others, he is angry at Irawaru's refusal to give him a cloak, or disgusted at Irawaru's greedy nature.
In other Ngā Puhi Nui Tonu mythology, three dogs were brought to Aotearoa by Kupe. These spirits were known as kehua or guardians brought over from Hawaiki. During the arrival to Aotearoa they were sent to Cape Reinga with a few men to guard the escape of their souls. The iwi later was named Ngāti Kurī. Their job was to guard the spirits through to the afterlife.
In traditional Māori society, dogs (kurī) were given the best cuts of meat and were highly regarded as sacred. Their fur was highly regarded for cloaks reserved for rangatira.
The story accounts for the characteristics of dogs: they warn of danger or night raids, they respond to commands, and are loyal companions that ward off evil spirits.
See also
Tinirau and Kae
Kurī
Notes
References
E.R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay, 1891).
C. Tremewan, Traditional Stories from Southern New Zealand: He Kōrero nō Te Wai Pounamu (Macmillan Brown Centre for Pacific Studies: Christchurch), 2002.
Māori mythology
Mythological dogs
Sidney Graham Winter (born 1935, Iowa City, Iowa) is an American economist and Professor Emeritus of Management at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. He is recognized as a leading figures in the revival of evolutionary economics.
In 1982, he co-published with Richard R. Nelson An Evolutionary Theory of Economic Change, a book which has since been cited nearly 25,000 times.
Winter was Chief Economist of the US General Accounting Office (1989-1993). He won the Viipuri Prize for Strategic Management in 2008.
Winter was the second husband and widower of economist Alice Mitchell Rivlin.
Works
An Evolutionary Theory of Economic Change, 1982,
Patents and Welfare in an Evolutionary Model., 1993
Founding Co-editor of Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization (with R. H. Day)
External links
Faculty profile at University of Pennsylvania web site
Charles Cooper Memorial Lecture at UNU-MERIT web site.
Innovation economists
American economists
Fellows of the Econometric Society
1935 births
Living people
Writers from Iowa City, Iowa
Economists from Iowa
Academic journal editors
20th-century American male writers
The Foreman Went to France (released in the USA as Somewhere in France ) is a 1942 British Second World War war film starring Clifford Evans, Tommy Trinder, Constance Cummings and Gordon Jackson. It was based on the real-life wartime exploits of Welsh munitions worker Melbourne Johns, who rescued machinery used to make guns for Spitfires and Hurricanes. It was an Ealing Studios film made in 1941 with the support of the War Office and the Free French Forces. All of the 'heroes' are portrayed as ordinary people caught up in the war.
Plot
In 1940, Welsh armaments factory foreman Fred Carrick goes to France on his own initiative to retrieve three large pieces of machinery for making cannon for Spitfires before the German army arrives. In Bivary, he requests the aid of two soldiers and, more importantly, use of their army lorry. He also gets the help of the company secretary in France, an American woman who needs to go north to find her sister who is a nurse.
While in France, Carrick learns about the rôle of the fifth column, and that even those in positions of authority such as the town mayor cannot always be trusted. During the race to the coast with the machines, he encounters a huge number of refugees fleeing the advancing Nazis and many more obstacles to hinder his progress. They take half-a-dozen orphaned children on their journey, entertaining the children with humorous songs.
Cast
Clifford Evans as Fred Carrick, the foreman
Tommy Trinder as Tommy Hoskins
Constance Cummings as Anne Stafford the American
Robert Morley as Mayor Coutare of Bivary
Gordon Jackson as Alastair 'Jock' MacFarlane
Ernest Milton as the stationmaster in La Tour
Charles Victor as the aircraft spotter on the Works roof
John Williams as the 'English' army captain
Paul Bonifas as the Prefect of Rouville
Anita Palacine as a La Tour barmaid
Francis L. Sullivan as a French skipper
Mervyn Johns as Official, Passport Office
Sidney Adams as Driver
Owen Reynolds as Collins, Burns & Fawcett Works Manager
Ronald Adam as Sir Charles Fawcett, Managing Director in Wales
Eric Maturin as Older Man (uncredited)
Production
Filmed during the war, location shooting for the scenes set in France was done in Cornwall, Kent, and Berkshire.
Reception
Dr. Keith M. Johnston, lecturer in Film & Television Studies at the University of East Anglia, described it as "a strange little propaganda piece, a flashback-structured film that dramatises the 'true' story of Melbourne Johns ... Overall, this is a nicely done little film, but it survives largely because of a committed cast and some strong narrative elements."
References
External links
1942 films
1942 war films
1940s biographical films
British war films
British biographical films
British black-and-white films
World War II films made in wartime
World War II films based on actual events
Films set in 1940
Films set in France
Ealing Studios films
Films directed by Charles Frend
Films produced by Michael Balcon
Films scored by William Walton
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Spruce Woods is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 2008 out of parts of Minnedosa and Turtle Mountain and notably gained parts of the City of Brandon and Arthur-Virden in the 2018 redistribution.
Following the 2018 redistribution, Spruce Woods includes the municipalities of Cornwallis, Elton, Glenboro – South Cypress, Oakland – Wawanesa, Riverdale, Sifton, Souris – Glenwood, Victoria, Whitehead and the portion of the City of Brandon located north of the Assiniboine River.
Outside of the City of Brandon, communities in the constituency include Glenboro, Holland, Oak Lake, Rivers, Souris, and Wawanesa. The constituency also includes the part of CFB Shilo that is within the Municipality of Glenboro - South Cypress.
The riding's population based on the 2016 census was 22,810.
List of provincial representatives
Electoral results
References
Manitoba provincial electoral districts
Politics of Brandon, Manitoba
Thromidia brycei, the thick-armed seastar, is a large, obese species of starfish in the family Mithrodiidae. It is native to the North Western Australia region and was described in 2009.
Description
Thromidia brycei is a large, obese starfish with a relatively small disc and five slightly tapering thick arms. The body is covered by thick pink, cream to light brown blotches on the skin which can sometimes be completely brown. The skeleton is covered in thick skin which is composed of small plates which are linked by radiating trabeculae. The tubercles are covered by rounded polygonal granules and small pointed almost scale like granules on the side. The tubercles continue at the same size to the ends of the arms.
Habitat and distribution
Thromidia brycei is found in the North Western Australia region. It is usually found on sandy shallows, mud, or rock typically with red and brown algae or encrusting organisms, often times with sponges, gorgonians, and alcyonacea at depths of 15-150 metres.
References
Mithrodiidae
Echinoderms of Oceania
Starfishes described in 2009
Eilema basinota is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Frederic Moore in 1866. It is found in the Indian state of Sikkim and the north-western Himalayas.
Subspecies
Eilema basinota basinota
Eilema basinota lurida (Butler, 1889) (Himalayas)
References
basinota
Boyd House may refer to:
Adam Boyd House, Center Point, AR, listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Thomas Sloan Boyd House, Lonoke, AR, listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Boyd House (San Rafael, California), listed on the NRHP in California
Byron and Ivan Boyd House, Des Moines, IA, listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Saunders-Boyd House, Hodgenville, KY, listed on the NRHP in Kentucky
Bird/Boyd Farm House, Byron, MI, listed on the NRHP in Michigan
Woolverton-Boyd House, Enterprise, MS, listed on the NRHP in Mississippi
Boyd-Cothern House, Jayess, MS, listed on the NRHP in Mississippi
Ackerman-Boyd House, Franklin Lakes, NJ, NRHP-listed
James Boyd House, Southern Pines, NC, listed on the NRHP in North Carolina
Boyd House (University of Oklahoma), listed on the NRHP as "President's House, University of Oklahoma"
Charles Boyd Homestead Group, Bend, OR, NRHP-listed
Boschke-Boyd House, Portland, OR, NRHP-listed
Boyd-Hall House, Abilene, TX, listed on the NRHP in Texas
Boyd-Wilson Farm, Franklin, TN, NRHP-listed
William Boyd House, Franklin, TN, NRHP-listed
Boyd-Harvey House, Knoxville, TN, NRHP-listed
Theron Boyd Homestead, Hartford, VT, listed on the NRHP in Vermont
Flowery Gully is a locality and small rural community in the local government area of West Tamar, in the Western Tamar Valley region of Tasmania. It is located about north-west of the town of Launceston. The 2016 census determined a population of 87 for the state suburb of Flowery Gully.
Road infrastructure
The C717 route (Flowery Gully Road) runs west from the West Tamar Highway and passes through the locality from south to north before returning to the highway.
References
Localities of West Tamar Council
Towns in Tasmania
Toktogul Square is a square in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan on Teatralnaya Street. It is named in honor Kyrgyz musician Toktogul Satilganov, with a statue to him also on the square. There are many buildings on the square, including the Kyrgyz Union for Consumer Goods, Museum of Fine Arts, Hotel "Kyrgyzstan", and the Opera and Ballet Theater.
References
Squares in Bishkek
National squares
Foreign relations between Austria and Georgia. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1992 and Georgia opened its embassy in Vienna in 1996. Austria is represented in Georgia through a non resident ambassador based in Vienna, and through an honorary consulate in Tbilisi. Georgia has an embassy in Vienna and an honorary consulate in Graz.
History
At the end of World War I, Austria-Hungary was, together with the other central powers, the German Empire and the Ottoman Empire, one of the first and only nations that recognized the independence of the short-lived Democratic Republic of Georgia in 1918. The first ambassador was Georg von und zu Franckenstein.
During the 2008 South Ossetia war, Austrian Foreign Minister Ursula Plassnik urged "Russia to respect the territorial integrity of Georgia, considering the UN resolution." She also said that Russia's military intervention in Georgia had seriously undermined its credibility as a reliable partner of the West.
Bilateral agreements
The following bilateral agreements are in place:
Agreement between Georgia and the Republic of Austria on Bilateral Foreign Economic Relations
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgia and the Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic Austria
Air Transport Agreement between the Austrian Federal Government and the Government of Georgia
Agreement between the Government of Georgia and the Government of the Republic of Austria for the Promotion and Reciprocal Protection of Investments
Agreement between the Government of Georgia and the Government of the Republic of Austria for Avoidance of Double Taxation
Protocol on the Amendment to the Air Transport Agreement the Austrian Federal Government and the Government of Georgia
Official visits
The following occurred:
January 19–21, 2006; A visit by Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia Gela Bezhuashvili to Vienna for the International Conference on "European Strategies of Development of Democracies in Post Soviet Countries"
February 22–26, 2006; Visit of Speaker of the Parliament of Georgia Nino Burjanadze to Austria
March 26–29, 2006; Working visit of Prime Minister of Georgia Zurab Noghaideli to Austria
May 4–5, 2006; Minister of Internal Affairs of Georgia Ivane Merabishvili to Austria
October 27, 2006; Prime Minister of Georgia, Zurab Noghaideli, to Austria
See also
Foreign relations of Austria
Foreign relations of Georgia
Georgia–EU relations
References
Bibliography
External links
Austrian Foreign Ministry: list of bilateral treaties with Georgia (in German only)
Georgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs about relations with Austria
Georgia
Bilateral relations of Georgia (country)
Wayne Rasmussen (born Howard, South Dakota June 7, 1942) is an American football player who played defensive back for the Detroit Lions. After his football career, he spent many years as an executive for Citibank at their Sioux Falls, South Dakota location, and is now retired in the Sioux Falls area.
Rasmussen graduated from Howard High School, located in Howard, South Dakota. Rasmussen played football, basketball and baseball at South Dakota State University. As point guard, he led South Dakota State to the NCAA Division II National Championship in 1963 and was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Also, as a football player in college, he played wide receiver as well as defensive back.
He is an inductee of the South Dakota Sports Hall of Fame.
References
External links
Rasmussen's South Dakota Sports Hall of Fame page
1942 births
Living people
American football safeties
American football wide receivers
Basketball players from Chicago
Detroit Lions players
Point guards
South Dakota State Jackrabbits football players
South Dakota State Jackrabbits men's basketball players
Players of American football from Chicago
Sportspeople from Sioux Falls, South Dakota
American men's basketball players
Varayarangu (), is an experimental Infotainment art genre from Kerala, which explores the performing level possibilities of Fine Art as a Stage Art . This 'Cartoon Stage Show' is a blend of poetry, anecdotes and socio-political satire with high speed drawing. World's Fastest Performing Cartoonist Jitheshji has initiated and developed this art genre. The mode of presentation of this one-hour 'Cartoon Stage Show' is very captivating and enchanting by means of interlacing interesting anecdotes, light talk and social satire while drawing hundreds of celebrity caricatures on stage with a lightning pace and satirical commentary in order to create a new sensibility. Now, this art genre is onto 2000 stages since its launching on June 22, 2008, at Artist V. S. Valliathan's second death Anniversary Commemorative Meeting conducted at Pandalam in Pathanamthitta District, Kerala State.
External links
www.hindu.com
The New Indian Express
www.yentha.com
www.hindu.com
www.hindu.com
www.yentha.com
www.hindu.com
Performance art
Art movements
Arts of Kerala
Performing arts in India
Theatre in India
Genres of Indian art
Schools of Indian painting
Pre-media or premedia is a term used in the design, creative and publishing industries with an evolving and contestable meaning. For some persons in those industries, it refers to any number of activities that occur between the moment an initial idea for a product is articulated and the moment production is complete. This can include further product ideation and the finalization of a product concept including a strong clear message of positive product differentiation; prototype development and design, market testing, prototype modification and finalization; and the management of all of these processes leading to and including the digital and/or print production that takes place after they are complete. For some working premedia groups, it can even include further production needed later in the life of the product when market need supports it.
Overview
Premedia should supply design execution from early concept visualization all the way to ready-to-publish files developed on industry-standard software, delivered on the platform of choice and ensuring that the client's requirements are met. In short, premedia can include all activity from any form of input to any form of output.
It includes the processes that allow an individual or company to visually communicate its message to its audience in the medium that best suits the demographics for that message. This should all be provided in the correct specifications and for the desired output channel(s).
With such a vast landscape to cover, premedia has a number of categories that fall under its banner. Those categories, listed below, have a vast array of technical requirements each complementing and dependent upon each other to provide rich and relevant content to the destination channel.
History
The term "premedia" has been developed in tandem with the Internet and mobile communications industries, both of which have arguably evolved to almost dominate modern day life.
As these forms of communication and access to consumers have continued to grow, so the need to facilitate brand messages and publishing into this new space have become a necessity. As a result of this, the traditional method of communication through print has morphed into a multichannel environment in which marketing, communications, and publishing can access clients via many means.
Hence, traditional companies involved in the print-oriented activities of prepress, repro and creative have adapted in order to utilize the various output delivery channels required by clients. These companies are increasingly servicing all of these channels with existing and new client work; a whole new world of file creation, preparation, management and transition has been developed. The term "premedia" has arisen in an attempt to encompass the entirety of this new world of multichannel media delivery.
See also
Web-to-print
Job Definition Format
Printing press check
Prepress
Graphic design
Printing
The year 1783 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Events
September 24 – The Bolshoi Kamenny Theatre, in Saint Petersburg, Russia, designed by Antonio Rinaldi, opens with a performance of Paisiello's opera Il mondo della luna.
Buildings and structures
Buildings completed
New Vilnius Cathedral in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, designed by Laurynas Gucevičius, is consecrated.
Façade of Carmelite Church, Warsaw, Poland, designed by Efraim Szreger, is completed
Laleli Mosque, Istanbul, Turkey, is rebuilt after a fire.
Boston Light (lighthouse) rebuilt on the site of an earlier one destroyed in the American Revolution.
Awards
Grand Prix de Rome, architecture: Antoine Vaudoyer.
Births
May 14 – Giuseppe Jappelli, Venetian architect (died 1852)
June 2 – Solomon Willard, Massachusetts craftsman, architect and builder (died 1861)
Deaths
February 6 – Capability Brown, English landscape architect (born 1716)
References
Architecture
Years in architecture
18th-century architecture
Akademik Sofia (Bulgarian: “Академик София”) or Academic (in English) is the name of several sports clubs from Sofia, Bulgaria. It may refer to:
PFC Akademik Sofia, an association football club.
PBC Academic, a men's basketball club.
WBC Akademik Sofia, a women's basketball club.
Akademika Sofia, an ice hockey club.
VC Akademik Sofia, a women's volleyball club.
M B Manik (1971 – 15 May 2014) was a notable Bangladeshi filmmaker. His directorial debut was Durdorsho. He made 36 films, including Kothin Prem, Prem Koyedi, Jaan Amar Jaan, Jaan Kurbaan, Ek Takar Denmohor, Bolo Na Tumi Amar, and Durdorsho Premik.
Death
Manik was killed in a robbery in the United States. His family lived in the US. He owned a store out there as well. On 15 May 2014, people came to his shop asking for money. At one point of the heated conversation that ensued, he was shot by one of them. Critically injured, Manik was immediately taken to a hospital, but the doctors declared him dead. When his body was returned to his country, many Bangladeshi film actors and directors went to his residence and paid tribute. Manik is buried in his hometown of Feni, Bangladesh.
References
1971 births
2014 deaths
Bangladeshi filmmakers
Rahil Hesan (born August 31, 1978) is an fashion designer and fashion entrepreneur, born in Dubai. She began her career in 2005 in the field of couture.
Education
In 2015, Hesan graduated from the Cavendish College London, majoring in fashion design, accessory designs, textile, color theory and fashion psychology.
Career
In 2007, two years after graduating from college, Rahil founded her company Warda Haute Couture, based in Dubai. Her creations were worn by Carrie Underwood.
In 2016, Hesan participated at the Art Hearts Los Angeles Fashion Week Runway Show.
References
External links
Living people
1985 births
Iranian fashion designers
Emirati fashion designers
James John Faran (December 29, 1808 – December 12, 1892) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1845 to 1849.
Early life and career
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Faran attended the common schools, and was graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, in 1831.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1833 and commenced practice in Cincinnati.
Political career
Faran was elected as a Democrat a member of the State house of representatives 1835-1839 and served as speaker in 1838 and 1839.
He served in the State senate 1839–1843, and was its presiding officer 1841–1843.
He served as associate editor and proprietor of The Cincinnati Enquirer 1844–1881.
Congress
Faran was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Congresses (March 4, 1845 – March 3, 1849).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds (Twenty-ninth Congress).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1848.
Later career
He was appointed by Governor Medill one of the commissioners to supervise the erection of the State capitol in 1854.
Mayor of Cincinnati
He served as mayor of Cincinnati 1855–1857.
He was appointed by President Buchanan postmaster of Cincinnati June 4, 1855, and served until October 21, 1859.
He served as delegate to the 1860 Democratic National Convention at Baltimore.
He engaged in newspaper work until shortly before his death.
Death
He died in Cincinnati, Ohio, December 12, 1892.
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
Notes
Sources
1808 births
1892 deaths
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Miami University alumni
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
The Cincinnati Enquirer people
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
19th-century American lawyers
Two ships of the United States Navy have been named Case, in honor of Rear Admiral Augustus Case.
, a , commissioned in 1919 and decommissioned in 1930.
, a , commissioned in 1936 and decommissioned in 1945.
United States Navy ship names
Jake Walker may refer to:
Jake Walker (curler) (born 1989), Canadian curler
Jake Austin Walker (born 1997), American singer and actor
Jake Walker (Irish footballer) (born 2000), Irish footballer for St. Patrick's Athletic
Jake Walker (English footballer) (born 2000), English footballer for Newtown
Jake Walker, fictional character from British show Family Affairs
Robert Cohen may refer to:
Robert Cohen (writer) (born 1963), Canadian comedy writer
Robert Cohen (novelist) (born 1957), American novelist and short fiction writer
Robert Cohen (playwright) (born 1938), American university professor, theatre director, playwright, and drama critic
Robert Cohen (boxer) (1930-2022), French boxer and bantamweight champion
Robert Cohen (cellist) (born 1959), British cellist
Robert B. Cohen (1925–2012), American businessman and founder of Hudson News
Robert Donald Cohen (1933–2014), British physician
Robert Waley Cohen (1877–1952), British industrialist and leader of Anglo-Jewry
(born 1941), film director from Switzerland
Rob Cohen (born 1949), American film director, producer and writer (XXX and The Fast and the Furious)
Bobby Cohen (born 1970), American film producer (The Cider House Rules and Memoirs of a Geisha)
Robert J. Cohen (born 1948), American executive director
Robert Stephan Cohen (born 1939), American divorce attorney
Robert E. Cohen (born 1947), American chemical engineer
Rob Cohen (record producer), American record producer
See also
Cohen (surname)
The 1992 WPI Engineers football team represented Worcester Polytechnic Institute in the 1992 NCAA Division III football season. It marked the Engineers' 103rd overall season and the team played its home games in Worcester, Massachusetts. They were led by fifth-year head coach Jack Siedlecki. They were a member of the Freedom Football Conference (FFC). The Engineers finished the season 9–2 and earned the school's first-ever bid to the NCAA Division III Football Championship playoffs.
Schedule
Schedule Source:
Awards and honors
Weekly awards
Freedom Football Conference Offensive Player of the Week
Dave Ceppetelli - Week of September 13, 1992
Freedom Football Conference Offensive Player of the Week
Peter Perivolarakis - Week of September 13, 1992
Annual awards
Freedom Football Conference Rookie of the Year
Ernie Ansah
References
WPI
WPI Engineers football seasons
WPI Engineers football
Vera McWeeney (21 July 1909 – 9 January 1981) was an Irish hockey and tennis player, and sports journalist.
Early life and family
Vera McWeeney was born Veronica Mary Elizabeth Mahony in Blarney, County Cork on 21 July 1909. She was the youngest of the three children of Francis Walter Mahony and his second wife, Mary ("May") (née Ashlin). Her father was managing director of the family business Martin Mahony & Bros Ltd. She married sports journalist, Arthur McWeeney in 1940. The couple had one daughter and one son. Their son, Myles McWeeney, became a television executive at RTÉ.
Sports career
McWeeney moved to Dublin in her youth, taking up hockey with Maids of the Mountain Hockey Club, with the team winning the Irish Senior Cup in 1930 and 1935. She won her first interprovincial cap for Leinster in 1927, and in 1932 her first Ireland cap. In 1936 she captained Ireland on a tour of the United States, first attending a world hockey conference and then a tournament in Philadelphia where they won two of their five exhibition matches. This was followed by a two-week tour, when they won five of their games. In 1933 she was part of the Ireland team that toured Denmark.
McWeeney was also an accomplished tennis player, considered to play at an international standard. She was a member of the Carrickmines club, winning the East of Ireland tennis championship in 1934 and the County Dublin Championships in 1936 and 1937. She was ranked number four in the 1937 Irish tennis rankings. In 1940 she won her only national tennis title with Norma Stoker in the Irish Close ladies' doubles championship. She also played badminton, as well as being a skier and skater. Some suggest that she won international caps at squash. She was elected the president of the Irish Ladies Hockey Union in 1951, and served as a senior umpire and international selector for a number of years.
Journalism career
McWeeney started work as a freelance reporter for the Irish Independent following the death of her husband in 1958, writing about ladies' hockey, tennis, badminton, and squash. She moved to the Irish Times in the early 1960s, writing a column on women's hockey for almost the next two decades. She also wrote about domestic tennis, including all the major tennis events at the Fitzwilliam tennis club as well as covering badminton and squash. She was known for her opinionated and no-nonsense style, not being adverse to entering the male locker rooms.
Death and legacy
McWeeney died suddenly on 9 January 1981, and was buried in Glasnevin Cemetery. The ILHU under-21 provincial tournament is named the Vera McWeeney Cup in her honour. The Vera McWeeney Trophy is a croquet trophy from an annual competition between the Croquet Association of Ireland and their English contemporaries.
References
1909 births
1981 deaths
Irish female tennis players
Irish female field hockey players
Sportspeople from County Cork
Burials at Glasnevin Cemetery
Ireland international women's field hockey players
Irish field hockey administrators
Goose Creek Energy Center is a 450 megawatt natural gas fired power station located in Goose Creek township, Piatt County, Illinois between Lodge, Illinois and De Land, Illinois. Previously owned by Aquila Piatt County Power, purchased by AmerenUE in 2006.
External links
Ameren Corporate Factsheet
CAAPP Permit
Energy infrastructure completed in 2002
Buildings and structures in Piatt County, Illinois
Natural gas-fired power stations in Illinois
Oil-fired power stations in Illinois
2002 establishments in Illinois
Tin Tin Deo is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1977 and released on the Concord Jazz label.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 2½ stars with Scott Yanow stating "Tin Tin Deo is a typically tasteful set by guitarist Kenny Burrell. ... Nothing particularly surprising occurs but Burrell is heard throughout in above-average form and this release should please his fans".
Track listing
"Tin Tin Deo" (Chano Pozo, Gil Fuller) – 7:17
"Old Folks" (Willard Robison, Dedette Lee Hill) – 4:35
"Have You Met Miss Jones?" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 2:53
"I Remember You" (Victor Schertzinger, Johnny Mercer) – 5:44
"Common Ground" (Kenny Burrell, Warren Stephens) – 4:22
"If You Could See Me Now" (Tadd Dameron, Carl Sigman) – 6:18
"I Hadn't Anyone 'til You" (Ray Noble) – 3:52
"La Petite Mambo" (Erroll Garner) – 4:17
Personnel
Kenny Burrell – guitar
Reggie Johnson – bass
Carl Burnett – drums
References
Kenny Burrell albums
1977 albums
Concord Records albums
Albums produced by Carl Jefferson
Ch'ŏrwŏn County () is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea. Portions of it were once a single county together with the county of the same name in South Korea; other portions were added from neighbouring counties in the 1952 reorganization of local governments. After the initial division of Korea, the entire county lay to the Northern side of the dividing line, but in the course of the Korean War part of the county was taken by the South.
Geography
The county's terrain is mountainous in the north, but gradually more level towards the south. The Masingryong Mountains pass through the county; the highest point of which is the Taehwang Peak (대왕덕산). The chief watercourse is the Rimjin River. Approximately 54% of the county's area is occupied by forests.
Administrative divisions
Ch'ŏrwŏn county is divided into 1 ŭp (town) and 36 ri (villages):
Economy
The chief local industry is agriculture. The county is a major producer of rice for North Korea. Additional crops include maize, soybeans, wheat, and barley. Other local industries include mining, sericulture, and orcharding. The county is host to deposits of coal, iron ore, magnetite, and manganese. There is little manufacturing.
Transportation
The county is not connected to the national rail grid, but is served by roads.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
Kangwon (North Korea)
Anhyop County
Notes
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
The Budoš Limestone ("Budos Mountain Limestone") is a geological formation in Montenegro, dating to 180 million years ago, and covering the Toarcian stage of the Jurassic Period. It has been considered an important setting in Balkan paleontology, as it represents a unique terrestrial setting with abundant plant material, one of the few know from the Toarcian of Europe. It is the regional equivalent to the Toarcian units of Spain such as the Turmiel Formation, units like the Azilal Formation of Morocco and others from the Mediterranean such as the Posidonia Beds of Greece and the Marne di Monte Serrone of Italy. In the Adriatic section, this unit is an equivalent of the Calcare di Sogno of north Italy, as well represents almost the same type of ecosystem recovered in the older (Pliensbachian) Rotzo Formation of the Venetian region, know also for its rich floral record.
Description
The Toarcian paleogeography of Montenegro was characterised by two major units, mostly found in the Dinarides: the High Karst Zone, representing a Carbonate Platform, concretely the Adriatic-Dinaric Carbonate Platform and the Budva Basin, that represented a pelagic setting where ammonites are abundant. The Budva basin evolution in the Toarcian was marked by the changes in the sea level, developing a distally steepened ramp until the Lower Toarcian, and an accretionary rimmed platform in younger layers. The Adriatic-Dinaric Carbonate Platform is well measured at the Mount Rumija where the transitional facies between the platform setting and the deeper pelagic environment is seen, recovering a lateral transition from a lagoonal environment exposed in Seoce to the platform edge, exposed in Tejani (called Tejani section), and finally the deeper water environment, called Livari section can be observed at the own Mount Rumija.
The Seoce Section is likely linked with the Budoš Limestone depositional setting, found mostly on the mountain of the same name on the Dinarides near Nikšić. The main unit is lithologically almost identical to the major fossiliferous levels of the Rotzo Formation, composed by bituminous limestones and marly limestones (fenestrate limestones and tempestites) with several episodes of emersions, all of coastal origin and rich in plant detritus and leaf remains, connected to the typical Lithiotis reefs found in the Pliensbachian-Toarcian carbonate platforms in the adriatic region. The Budoš Limestone was delimited as younger than the Rotzo Formation due to its floral composition and the fact is overlain by the Late Toarcian-Aalenian greenish local claystone-limestone layers.
The unit is mostly known by its rich macrofloram, the most complete and only known of the mediterranean Toarcian realm, with several characteristics, such as the abundant presence of thermophilic Bennettitales and the dominance of the Seed Fern Pachypteris, that grew on semi-arid climates. Most of the research of the flora was done by Pantic between 1952 & 1981, recovering abundant Macroflora and Palynomorphs. Several genera where recovered, such as Coniopteris (Dicksoniaceae), Lindleycladus (Krassiloviaceae) and Elatides (Taxodiaceae).
Ecosystem
It was considered initially that this flora grew in a continental setting, appearing on deposits that resemble modern inland deposition on ferric soils, thus, in a large inland valley with semi-arid conditions but with nearby large water bodies such as lakes. Latter however, was interpreted that this flora developed on an island setting in the Dinaric Carbonate Platform, likely linked with the exposed layers of Seoce. This setting would be made of the emerged Budoshi High, representing an island flora; a humid belt would have existed along the shore, while coniferous vegetation would have prevailed in the drier interior.
The main consensus is that the layers rich in flora belong to a Bahamian-type Mangrove system developed on a coastal setting with a nearby arid inland setting dominated by Cheirolepidiaceae conifers and Bennettites, that was either a submarine intraoceanic carbonate platform or part of a large landmass. The Mangrove system was mostly composed of seed ferns bearing the leaf genus Pachypteris linked with complex root systems that cover most of the layers, developed over and linked with the local aberrant bivalve (Lithiotis) reefs and evolved as a belt around the coast, yet is unknown how far reached. The inland setting was dry and with common wildfire activity, as proven by the great amount of charcoal recovered in some of the layers. The Lithiotis layers are intercalated by oolitic/oncolitic layers of likely subtidal origin, with several coastal cycles measured, such as development of lagoons and complete flooding of the vegetation levels, as well small coal-dominated sections. The ingression-regression trend allowed the development of the local mangroves.
The same type of ecosystem was also recovered more recently on slightly older (Late Pliensbachian) rocks on Albania, with also great dominance of the genus Pachypteris linked with root systems along Lithiotis reefs, with evidence of catastrophic events which “killed” the flora. This type of layers have been vinculated with the early evolution of crabs.
Fossil content
Flora
Palynology
Plant remains
Bivalves
The Budos Mountain facies, like the Rotzo Formation, is known mostly due to its massive bivalve associations of the genera Lithiotis, Cochlearites and Lithioperna that extended all along the Pliensbachian-Toarcian Adriatic-Dinaric-Hellenic Platforms forming mass accumulations of specimens that formed Reef-Like structures. This fauna appeared after the early Pliensbachian C-cycle perturbation, that triggered the diffusion of the Lithiotis Fauna, noted on the rapid widespread of this biota after the event layers. All of the genera related with this fauna appeared on the lower Jurassic, and all but one became extinct before the Middle Jurassic. This "Reefs" had a strong zonation, starting with the bivalves Gervilleioperna and Mytiloperna, restricted to intertidal and shallow-subtidal facies. Lithioperna is limited to lagoonal subtidal facies and even in some low-oxygen environments. Finally Lithiotis and Cochlearites are found in subtidal facies, constructing buildups. These sections formed various kinds of ecosystems on the Trento platform, where it appeared in branched corals filled with (Spongiomorpha), Domal corals (Stromatoporida), tubular corals, Styllophyllidae corals, unidentified Cerioidea colonial corals, regular echinoid debris, sponges, and the solitary coral Opelismilia sp., with also aggregated snail shells.
See also
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Italy
Toarcian turnover
Toarcian formations
Marne di Monte Serrone, Italy
Calcare di Sogno, Italy
Posidonia Shale, Lagerstätte in Germany
Ciechocinek Formation, Germany and Poland
Krempachy Marl Formation, Poland & Slovakia
Lava Formation, Lithuania
Azilal Group, North Africa
Whitby Mudstone, England
Fernie Formation, Alberta and British Columbia
Poker Chip Shale
Whiteaves Formation, British Columbia
Navajo Sandstone, Utah
Los Molles Formation, Argentina
Mawson Formation, Antarctica
Kandreho Formation, Madagascar
Kota Formation, India
Cattamarra Coal Measures, Australia
References
Geologic formations of Montenegro
Jurassic System of Europe
Toarcian Stage
Limestone formations
Open marine deposits
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of Europe
Paleontology in Montenegro
Formations
D. L. Hughley Breaks the News is an American news show that aired on CNN from October 25, 2008 to March 2009, hosted and head written by comedian D. L. Hughley. On March 9, 2009, CNN announced that Hughley would be ending the show due to a desire to work in Los Angeles and be closer to his family. He plans to continue his work with CNN as a Los Angeles–based contributor for the network.
On the show's finale, Hughley did a report about the legalization of marijuana. He took the show into a medical marijuana dispensary to get his doctor's prescription refilled for chronic back pain, but CNN censored that portion of the segment.
Nazi Germany comparison
On his February 28, 2009 show, while discussing the Republican National Committee's attempts to gain popularity with the black community, Hughley expressed an opinion to RNC's Chairman Michael Steele and rapper Chuck D. Hughley observed, in reference to the majority whiteness of the attendants to the 2008 Republican National Convention, "The tenets of the Republican Party are amazing and they seem warm and welcome. But when I watch it be applied—like you didn't have to go much further than the Republican National Convention. ...It literally looked like Nazi Germany. It literally did. I make that point, not only are we not welcome—not only are we not welcome, but they don't even care what we think. That seems to be the way I see..." Chairman Steele interrupted, "Well I'm here now, and you are right." Hughley's comparison was criticized by conservative commentator Andrew C. McCarthy, who called it a "slanderous claim". Steele also received criticism from conservatives for the same episode, both for expressing agreement with Hughley, and for a comment he made earlier on the show, dismissing radio host Rush Limbaugh as "an entertainer", and calling his radio show "incendiary" and "ugly". Conservative commentator Michelle Malkin wrote that Steele's comments "played right into the left's hands", while RNC member Ada Fisher, citing Steele's comments on the show, called on Steele to resign.
References
External links
Show Pages - D.L. Hughley Breaks the News - CNN.com official site
Transcripts page
2000s American television news shows
2008 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
CNN original programming
Television series by 3 Arts Entertainment
Anita Groener (born 1958, Veldhoven, Netherlands) is an artist based in Dublin, Ireland. She makes paintings, monumental site-specific drawings, film and animation which she exhibits internationally. Groener graduated in 1980 with a BA from the Mollerinstituut Moller Institute in Tilburg, the Netherlands. She received an MA from the Hogeschool voor de Kunsten, Arnhem, the Netherlands, in 1982, and moved to Dublin in the same year. In 2005 she was elected by her peers to be a member of Aosdána, the major cultural body for the arts in Ireland. Her work is represented in the collections of The Irish Museum of Modern Art; The Arts Council of Ireland; the State Art Collection, Ireland; C21 Museum Hotels, USA; VU University Medical Centre, Amsterdam; DELA Insurance, the Netherlands; Sun Communities USA; The Law Library of Ireland; The National Drawing Archive Ireland; the Contemporary Irish Art Society; AIB Bank; and ABN-AMRO Bank and private collections in the US, Ireland, the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Belgium.
Career
Groener is currently best known for her drawings and drawing-like paintings, sometimes with cut-outs pinned to a wall and often of very large scale. Groener's work over the decade, 2005 – 2015, is simultaneously sparse and seemingly overpopulated. For example, of the eponymous artwork in her 2013 show State at the Royal Hibernian Academy (RHA), Dublin, art critic Cristín Leach Hughes wrote, "Nearly 2,000 tiny individuals are trapped, held with pins. Stand back and they form the population of a spotlit planet, a floating sphere that points to man's ultimate insignificance. Step forward and they argue for the intimate importance of our presence in the scheme of things."
Groener also works with film and animation, as in video pieces in her Royal Hibernian Academy show Crossings in 2006, or her graphic animation Somewhere Else, shown in the Kilkenny Arts Festival in 2012.
In contrast to her later, more restrained pieces, those writing on early displays of Groener's work in Dublin were struck by the forceful imagery and execution, and greeted them as roughly belonging to the (New) Expressionist and possibly Cobra traditions The link between earlier and later works can perhaps be found in large, largely monochromatic paintings such as Trajectory, 2004, or Crossing, 2006. These are gesturally expressive but more patterned than the earlier works, which tended to contain human- or animal-like elements which were proportionately more dominant.
Writers and critics tracked these changes in Groener's work. "Repetitive visual patterns and images evoke the repetitive patterns of human communication. Rather than diminishing the significance of such routine intercourse, the effect underlines the latent emotional charge of apparently banal exchanges. Behind the language of habit, there is a tacit awareness of separation and change, of loss and distance, of time passing." Similarly, critic Mark Ewart wrote with respect to Groener's Heartlands show at the Rubicon Gallery, Dublin, "The first thing to hit you about these 28 paintings is, paradoxically, their sparsity."
A leitmotif in Groener's work has been the psychological. Ciarán Benson (now Emeritus Professor of Psychology at University College Dublin), when writing about Crossings, concurred with Groener's visual imagery of road and journey to depict the evolution of the self. "The lines are paths of experience" – Martí Peran on Groener's work. Groener's approach resonates with Freudian or Lacanian theory, with works signalling the danger of losing the individual in the collective or the unknown, but with the same or related works pointing towards disconnect or disintegration at the level of the person. Patrick T. Murphy, Director of the RHA, writing about Groener's State at the RHA, puts it thus: "...the universal task of situating the self upon this earth. How do we figure ourselves within the societal, the geopolitical, the global?"
Groener has stated about her development as an artist and her way of working, "I used to wonder what exactly art was for me. I've come to the conclusion that it is a physical manifestation of my thinking, of my experience of the world."
Academic influence
After her move to Dublin, Groener appears to have found early, ready acceptance among her peers. She was elected to the committee of the Independent Artists in 1985, and the same year she was instrumental in bringing a show of ten Dutch artists to Ireland. She was one of only 120 artists, composers and a calligrapher included in The Great Book of Ireland published in 1991. She began lecturing at the Dublin Institute of Technology (DIT) in the Department of Fine Art in 1982. She was Course Leader for Fine Art during two periods and was head of department from 2004 to 2006. Groener left DIT to pursue her own practice in 2014.
Bibliography
Wolin, J.(ed) and Marle, T(trans). (2009). Tipping/point.
Kissane, S., Wolin, J., Lynch, S., Sirr, P. (2018). The Past is a Foreign Country. Limerick City Gallery of Art.
Benson, C., Hanrahan S. (2006) Crossing. Royal Hibernian Academy.
References
External links
Artist Website
Aosdána
Representing Gallery
Irish Museum of Modern Art Collection
Arts Council of Ireland Collection
1958 births
Living people
Aosdána members
Irish women painters
Dutch women painters
People from Dún Laoghaire
20th-century Dutch painters
21st-century Dutch painters
20th-century Dutch women artists
21st-century Dutch women artists
20th-century Irish painters
21st-century Irish painters
The 1921 Boston College Eagles football team represented Boston College an independent during the 1921 college football season. Led by third-year head coach Frank Cavanaugh, Boston College compiled a record of 4–3–1.
Schedule
References
Boston College
Boston College Eagles football seasons
Boston College Eagles football
1920s in Boston
Sankt Paulsgatan (St. Paul Street) is a street of Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden. The street leads east-west from Götgatan to Torkel Knutssonsgatan, parallel to Hornsgatan which is approximately 770 feet long.
In 1647 the street was first referred to as Sancti Påwels gathun. It is unclear where the name came from, but possibly the Maria Magdalena Church, which is close by, giving rise to the name of the street. The Methodist St. Paul Church which lies along the street is named after the street. Also found on the street are Mariatorget (Maria Square) and Van der Nootska Palace.
References
External links
Streets in Stockholm
Alfred Joseph Callick (14 August 1925 – 3 January 2021) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Callick, a South Melbourne Colts player, was used by South Melbourne as a ruckman and defender. He made his debut in South Melbourne's win over Footscray at Princes Park in the 1943 VFL season, then didn't reappear until 1946, due to war service.
After leaving South Melbourne, Callick played for Traralgon and was club coach for the 1954 Latrobe Valley Football League season.
References
External links
1925 births
2021 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sydney Swans players
Traralgon Football Club coaches
Traralgon Football Club players
The blackish-headed spinetail (Synallaxis tithys) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and pastureland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Synallaxis
Birds described in 1877
Taxa named by Władysław Taczanowski
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Masoud Soleimani () is an Iranian who was imprisoned in the United States on October 25, 2018, charged with attempting to export biological materials from the US to Iran without authorization without bail and held in prison until his release from custody in a prisoner swap on December 11, 2019, for Xiyue Wang. Masoud Soleimani was invited by the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota to lead a research program. Upon his arrival in the United States, he was arrested and transferred to a prison in Atlanta.
Detention in the United States
Masoud Soleimani traveled to the US where he planned to complete the final stage of his research on treating stroke patients as a visiting scholar at the prestigious Mayo Clinic in Minnesota.
He was arrested on landing in Chicago and prosecutors in Atlanta accused him and two of his former students of conspiring and attempting to export biological materials from the US to Iran without authorization.
According to court documents, Soleimani's former student Mahboobe Ghaedi bought the growth factors on his behalf in early 2016. At the time, Ghaedi was a researcher in laboratory medicine at Yale University School of Medicine in New Haven, Connecticut. Now a principal scientist at the pharmaceutical firm AstraZeneca in Gaithersburg, Maryland, Ghaedi told Nature that she purchased the proteins in part because they are cheaper and more readily available in the United States than in Iran.
Ghaedi then sent the vials to another former student of Soleimani's, Maryam Jazayeri, a biochemist in Louisville, Kentucky. Jazayeri had agreed to take the growth factors to Soleimani during her next trip to visit family in Iran. But when she tried to board her plane at the Atlanta airport in September 2016, US border agents searched her luggage and confiscated the growth factors.
Jazayeri had no further contact with US law-enforcement officials until February 2018, when she was again stopped by border agents at the Atlanta airport. They asked her about the vials they had confiscated in 2016, and Jazayeri said that she had agreed to transport the growth factors to Soleimani as a favor, without knowing that this was prohibited. According to court documents, she also told the agents that the proteins were to be used for “medical purposes such as stem cell research, cancer research, and transplantation”.
Eight months later, on 24 October 2018, a federal grand jury indicted all three scientists under seal — or behind closed doors — on two counts of conspiring to export goods to Iran without authorization. At the time, Soleimani was en route to the United States to take up a temporary research position at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. Federal agents arrested him when he arrived in the United States on 25 October, and the government also revoked his visa. Ghaedi, a US permanent resident, and Jazayeri, a US citizen who was born in Iran, were arrested soon afterwards.
The crime he was charged for would usually result in fine but in this case the imprisonment seemed to be politically motivated. “I don't see any evidence that there was criminal intent here,” says Clif Burns, a lawyer at Crowell & Moring in Washington DC who specializes in national-security law, including export controls and trade sanctions. The attorneys for Jazayeri filed a motion to dismiss the charges, arguing that the Iranian sanctions were unconstitutionally vague as applied to the growth factors Jazayeri had in her possession and that, regardless, the growth factors were exempted from the export ban because they had a medicinal purpose.
On December 8, 2019 president Donald Trump thanked Tehran for “a very fair negotiation” and said: “See, we can make a deal together!”. The charges against Jazayeri and Ghaedi were subsequently dropped.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Scientists from Isfahan
Iranian hematologists
University of Tehran alumni
Tarbiat Modares University alumni
Tarbiat Modares University faculty
21st-century biologists
Stem cell researchers
Iranian people imprisoned in the United States
Nasser Ahmed Mohammedoh Al-Gahwashi (born on 24 May 1999), is a Yemeni professional football player who plays for the Iraq Premier League club Al-Mina'a and Yemeni national team.
On 19 November 2019, Al-Gahwashi scored his first goal for Yemen at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification in a 1–2 defeat to Singapore.
International goals
Scores and results list Yemen's goal tally first.
References
1999 births
Living people
Yemeni footballers
Yemen international footballers
People from Al Bayda Governorate
Association football defenders
Al-Mina'a SC players
Yemeni expatriate footballers
Yemeni expatriate sportspeople in Iraq
Halo, Halo Bandung is an Indonesian patriotic song written by Ismail Marzuki that describes the spirit of the struggle of the people of the city of Bandung in the post-independence period in 1946, particularly in the Bandung Sea of Fire that occurred on March 23, 1946.
Background
Ismail Marzuki, then a singer and songwriter of keroncong groups Lief Java, performed regularly with the group by the mid 1930s at Studio Orkes NIROM II in Tegalega, Bandung, as part of the NIROM station's Eastern Programme. Having returned to Batavia after marrying fellow singer of the groups, Eulis Zuraidah, the sentimental memories and sweet reminiscences of the city was well maintained in his mind. These recollections led him to wrote a song called "Hallo Bandung" in the Sundanese language, as well as other songs such as "Bandung Selatan di Waktu Malam" and "Saputangan dari Bandung Selatan". The phrase "Hallo Bandoeng" was well known at that time as the call-sign and usual opening used by Radio Kootwijk when establishing a radio-telegraphic connection with Bandung (in Dutch: "Bandoeng"), one of the largest cities in the then Dutch East Indies. It was made famous by Queen Consort Emma when she officially opened the radiotelephone service from Koninklijke PTT Nederland main building in The Hague on January 7, 1929 with the words "Hallo Bandoeng… Hier Den Haag". It quickly escalated even further as a catchphrase since the release of Dutch song "Hallo Bandoeng" by Willy Derby which sold more than 50,000 copies, a remarkable number at that time.
This early version of the song lyrics indicated that it was not meant to be a war-related-marching song but simply a sentimental-yearning song. During Japanese invasion, the song was translated into Indonesian language as part of Japanese propaganda which included the elimination of any Dutch influences and promote the use of Indonesian language throughout the country. However, this second version was still reflected its original meaning as a nostalgia song.
Following the surrender of the Japanese in the Dutch East Indies, Indonesian nationalists fought a four-year war of independence against Dutch NICA and initially British Commonwealth forces, a period known as the Indonesian National Revolution. Early in this period Ismail Marzuki and his wife had to evacuate to Bandung to escape from British-Dutch occupation in Jakarta. Unfortunately after they settled in Bandung, an ultimatum was given by the British force for the Indonesian combatants in Bandung to leave the city. In response, the southern part of Bandung was deliberately burned down in an act of defiance as they left on 24 March 1946; an event which came to be known as Bandung Lautan Api (or Bandung Sea of Fire). This incident inspired Ismail Marzuki, as well as many Indonesian combatants and refugees, to alter the last two sentences of the song lyrics to become more patriotic and be able to boost their fighting spirit against British-Dutch forces. Soon after, the song Halo, Halo Bandung became very famous and emerged as a symbol of the struggle of the Indonesian people in their fight for independence from colonial foreign nations.
Lyrics
References
Folk
Indonesian patriotic songs
1946 songs
Michael Dumanis (born January 18, 1976 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is an American poet, professor, and editor of poetry.
Works
Dumanis's first collection of poetry, My Soviet Union (University of Massachusetts Press, 2007), won the 2006 Juniper Prize for Poetry. His second collection of poems, Creature, is being published by Four Way Books in 2023. Other works have appeared in literary journals, including American Poetry Review, The Believer, Colorado Review, The Common, Copper Nickel, Denver Quarterly, H.O.W. Journal, Indiana Review, Iowa Review, New England Review, Ninth Letter, Ploughshares, Poetry, Post Road, and Prairie Schooner.
Along with poet Cate Marvin, Dumanis coedited the anthology Legitimate Dangers: American Poets of the New Century (Sarabande Books, 2006). With poet Kevin Prufer. he edited Russell Atkins: On the Life and Work of an American Master (Pleiades Press Unsung Masters Series, 2013). He also served as the Section Editor for the poetries of Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Macedonia, Russia, and Slovakia in The New European Poets, an anthology from Graywolf Press (2008). Additionally, he acted as the editor for Cleveland State University Poetry Center's new publications from 2007, when he took over the small press's directorship, until 2012.
Biography
Born in the Soviet Union, Dumanis came to the United States with his parents when they were granted political asylum in 1981. From 2005–2007, he taught creative writing at Nebraska Wesleyan University in Lincoln, Nebraska. From 2007 to 2012, was a professor of English at Cleveland State University and served as Director of the Cleveland State University Poetry Center, a literary small press. In 2012, he joined the literature faculty at Bennington College. In 2015, he relaunched the print literary journal Bennington Review, and serves as its editor. He is married to the poet and novelist Monica Ferrell and lives in North Bennington, Vermont.
Education
Dumanis holds a BA from Johns Hopkins University, an MFA from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, and a PhD in English & Creative Writing from the University of Houston.
Honors
In 1999, Dumanis received a fellowship from the Fulbright Commission, and has since received fellowships from Yaddo, the James Michener Foundation, the Wesleyan University Writers' Conference, the Sewanee Writers' Conference, the Headlands Center for the Arts, and the Civitella Ranieri Foundation in Umbertide, Italy. He was also awarded a 2012 Creative Workforce Fellowship from the Community Partnership for Arts and Culture and a grant from the Ohio Arts Council.
References
External links
Bennington College
University of Massachusetts Press
Sarabande Books
Cleveland State University Poetry Center
NEOMFA Program
Cleveland State University faculty
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
American male poets
1976 births
Living people
Johns Hopkins University alumni
University of Houston alumni
21st-century American poets
21st-century American male writers
Bennington College faculty
Writers from Moscow
Soviet emigrants to the United States
Seattle Works is a non-profit organization based out of Seattle, Washington, United States, that engages the community by connecting volunteers and corporations and by training young individuals for leadership.
History
A group of young individuals started the organization around 20 plus years ago that is now called Seattle Works. Seattle Works primarily offers one time community volunteer projects also known as hot projects for everyone without the longer term commitment. In the longer term, this facilitates choice for the people to select the cause they wish to align with on basis of their interest and schedule. The hot projects are either organized and run by the Seattle Works team or the partner organization seeking volunteers for their initiatives.
Company information
Seattle Works provides training programs and supports individuals to learn leadership skills for managing volunteer projects. In addition to the leadership training, Seattle Works offers a program known as the Bridge program for individuals to effectively serve on non-profit boards and/or government.
Seattle works also organizes the Seattle Works Day: a one-day event coordinating community projects across the city bringing together 1000+ volunteers.
References
External links
Seattle Works Web site
Non-profit organizations based in Seattle
Charities based in Washington (state)
is a private junior college in Ōita, Ōita, Japan, established in 1964.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1964
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ōita Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1964 establishments in Japan
The 2022 Men's Ice Hockey World Championships was the 85th such event hosted by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). Teams were participating in several levels of competition. The competition also served as qualifications for division placements in the 2023 competition.
After all events, outside of the top division, were cancelled in 2021, the teams were set to stay put in their respective divisions. However, adjustments were made following the IIHF's suspension of Russia and Belarus during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Championship (Top Division)
The tournament was played in Tampere and Helsinki, Finland from 13 to 29 May 2022.
Group A
Group B
Playoff round
Final standings
Division I
Group A
The tournament was played in Ljubljana, Slovenia, from 3 to 8 May 2022.
Group B
The tournament was played in Tychy, Poland, from 26 April to 1 May 2022.
Division II
Group A
The tournament was played in Zagreb, Croatia, from 25 to 30 April 2022.
Group B
The tournament was played in Reykjavík, Iceland, from 18 to 23 April 2022.
Division III
Group A
The tournament was played in Kockelscheuer, Luxembourg, from 3 to 8 April 2022.
Group B
The tournament was played in Cape Town, South Africa, from 13 to 18 March 2022.
Division IV
The tournament was played in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, from 3 to 8 March 2022.
References
External links
IIHF Official Website
World Ice Hockey Championships, Men's
IIHF Men's World Ice Hockey Championships
World Championships, Men's
Police Constable Joseph Grantham (died 1830) was the first police officer to be killed whilst on duty in the United Kingdom.
Joseph Grantham was a police officer in the Metropolitan Police Service which had been formally established in 1829. While on duty on 28 June 1830, he intervened in a fight between two drunks in Somers Town, London, during the altercation Grantham was beaten to death. At his inquest, the jury returned a verdict of "justifiable homicide", possibly due to dislike of the new police force. Grantham was held to have contributed to his own death by "over-exertion in the discharge of his duty".
External links
1830 deaths
Metropolitan Police officers
People murdered in London
Deaths by beating in the United Kingdom
Year of birth missing
Filmi devotional songs (or filmi bhajans) are devotional songs from Hindi movies, or Hindi songs composed to be sung using the melody in a popular filmi song.
While most of these songs relate to Hinduism, often many of the devotional songs are general, and can prove acceptable to followers of other faiths as well.
Selected popular filmi bhajans
Even though the movies are considered to be decadent, some of the songs are finely crafted spiritual hymns. Here are some examples. Only a small part of the song is given here.
Man Tadapat Hari Darshan Ko Aaj (film Baiju Bawra, 1952) by Naushad and Shakeel Badayuni
मन तड़पत हरि दरशन को आज,
मोरे तुम बिन बिगड़े सकल काज
आ, बिनती करत हूँ, रखियो लाज,
तुम्हरे द्वार का मैं हूँ जोगी,
हमरी ओर नज़र कब होगी
सुन मोरे व्याकुल मन का बाज
Translation:
Lord! I am dying for your glimpse, without your blessing I cannot achieve anything.
I urge you to preserve my honor.
I am a beggar standing at your door, when will you look at me?
Listen to my heart in agony.
(Note that Hinduism is often a very visual faith. A glimpse of the image of the lord can represent spiritual fulfillment to one.
Also note that the term "Hari" specifically means Lord Vishnu, in Sikh tradition, the term is used for the Nirguna God in general.)
Tu Pyar Ka Sagar Hai (film - Seema, 1955)
This song is dedicated to Goddess Amba, as shown in the film.
तू प्यार का सागर है
तेरी इक बूँद के प्यासे हम
लौटा जो दिया तुमने, चले जायेंगे जहाँ से हम
तू प्यार का सागर है ...
घायल मन का, पागल पंछी उड़ने को बेक़रार
पंख हैं कोमल, आँख है धुँधली, जाना है सागर पार
जाना है सागर पार
अब तू हि इसे समझा, राह भूले थे कहान से हम...
Translation:
You are an ocean of Love,
while we are thirsty of a drop of water.
If you send us back without it,
we will leave this mortal world.
Ae Malik Tere Bande Ham (film Do Aankhen Barah Haath, 1957) by Vasant Desai and Bharat Vyas
ऐ मालिक तेरे बंदे हम,
ऐसे हो हमारे करम
नेकी पर चलें,
और बदी से टलें
ताकि हंसते हुये निकले दम
जब ज़ुल्मों का हो सामना,
तब तू ही हमें थामना
Translation:
Lord! I am your servant. May I
do good things and avoid bad ones,
so that I will be happy when I take my last breath.
Hold me Lord, when I am oppressed.
(Here the term "Malik" can apply to the God of several faiths.)
jyot se jyot jagaate chalo (film Sant Gyaneshwar, 1964) by Bharat Vyas
ज्योत से ज्योत जगाते चलो, प्रेम की गंगा बहाते चलो
राह में आए जो दीन दुखी, सबको गले से लगाते चलो
जिसका न कोई संगी साथी ईश्वर है रखवाला
जो निर्धन है जो निर्बल है वह है प्रभू का प्यारा
प्यार के मोती लुटाते चलो, ...
Translation:
From one light, light another one, let a river of love flow.
embrace all those in misery that you find along the way.
God helps those who have no friends
God loves those who are poor or weak
distribute your love like pearls
(In India a light is sacred and is a symbol of life and enlightenment.)
Tumhi Ho Mata, Pita Tumhi Ho (film Main Chup Rahungi, 1962) by Rajendra Krishan and Chitragupta
This filmi song is based on a shloka from Vishwanatha Suprabhata:
त्वमेव माता च पिता त्वमेव त्वमेव बन्धुश्च सखा त्वमेव
त्वमेव विद्या द्रविणं त्वमेव त्वमेव सर्वं मम देवदेव[in English?]
The popular Hindi song is:
तुम्ही हो माता, पिता तुम्ही हो,
तुम्ही हो बंधु सखा तुम्ही हो
तुम्ही हो साथी तुम्ही सहारे,
कोइ न अपना सिवा तुम्हारे
तुम्ही हो नैय्या तुम्ही खेवैय्या,
तुम्ही हो बंधु सखा तुम्ही हो
Translation:
You are my mother and my father,
my kin and my friend
you are my companion, and I have no one besides you
you are my boat and boatman.
Itni shakti hame dena data (film Ankush, 1986)by Abhilash
इतनी शक्ति हमें देना दाता
मन का विश्वास कमज़ोर हो न
हम चलें नेक रस्ते पे हमसे
भूल कर भी कोई भूल हो न
हर तरफ़ ज़ुल्म है, बेबसी है
सहमा सहमा-सा हर आदमी है
पाप का बोझ बढता ही जाये
जाने कैसे ये धरती थमी है
बोझ ममता का तू ये उठा ले
तेरी रचना का ये अँत हो न[in English?]
See also
Bollywood songs
Bhajans
Classic Bhajans
Jai Jagdish Hare
References
External links
Bhakti Sangeet
Hindu music
Films about Hinduism
Indian songs
Du Zhaocai (Chinese: 杜兆才; born on 1 March 1960), is a Chinese football administrator who is the current vice-president of the Chinese Football Association, and a member of the FIFA Council, elected on 7 April 2019.
He previously served as vice-president of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).
He was also the country's deputy minister for State General Administration of Sport, being appointed to the latter role in October 2018.
Du has a strong background in sports politics, as he was the vice-president on the Chinese Olympic Committee, as well as a council member of the International Association of Athletics Federations, while having over 30 years experience as a sports administrator.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Chad Klinger is a Canadian country music artist. Klinger recorded his self-titled debut CD in Nashville in 1998, produced by Dean Sams of Lonestar. Two singles released from the project, "Who Needs the Moon" and "Bring It On," reached the Top 30 of the RPM Country Tracks chart. He took a break from his recording career in 2000 to enroll in the University of Alberta.
Klinger returned to the music business in November 2009 with the single "Minivan Man," which has reached the Top 50 of the Billboard Canadian Country Singles chart. His second album, The Man I Am Inside, was released in April 2010.
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
External links
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Alberta alumni
Musicians from Saskatchewan
Moca semilinea is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1866. It is found on the Sulu Archipelago in the southwestern Philippines.
Adults are blackish brown, the body beneath and the legs white. The head is white in front and the palpi are whitish, the second joint with a blackish-brown line on the outer side. The tibiae are brown above. The forewings have an ochraceous point at the base and with two ochraceous lines which extend from near the base to about half the length. There is a marginal line of dull ochraceous points, which successively decrease in size from the tip to the interior angle. The hindwings have two broad cinereous streaks on the underside.
References
Moths described in 1866
Immidae
Moths of Asia
John Bedell-Sivright was a Scottish rugby union player.
He was capped once for in 1902. He also played for Cambridge University RFC.
He was the brother of David Bedell-Sivright who was also capped for Scotland, and who is considered one of the great Scotland players of all time.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Marie Roze (born Marie Hippolyte Ponsin; 2 March 1846 in Paris – 2 June 1926 in Paris), was a French operatic soprano.
Early years
She was born in Paris. At the age of 12, she was sent from France to be educated in England for two years. She then moved back across the Channel to study with Mocker and Auber at the Paris Conservatoire, where she received the first prize in singing in 1865.
Early career
That same year, at the age of 16, she made her debut at the Opéra-Comique. Her success there led to engagements with the Paris Opéra. Bizet wrote the opera Carmen with Marie Roze in mind, but she refused to create the role because she felt it too "scabrous". In early 1875 she sang in Elijah with George Bentham, Antoinette Sterling and Myron W. Whitney at the Royal Albert Hall.
Career
From 1876 she worked with the Carl Rosa Opera Company during their UK tours and in Scotland over a ten-year period. She sang more than a dozen roles ranging from Carmen and Manon to Marguerite.
In 1877, she was engaged by the Max Strakosch Opera Company and made her American debut on 8 January 1878 in Philadelphia as Leonora in Donizetti's La favorita.
She later toured the United States with the Carl Rosa Opera Company from 1883 to 1889 and was particularly noted for her interpretation of the title role Bizet's Carmen. In 1890, she set up a music school and taught singing in Paris. She made her farewell tour in 1894.
Family life
Marie Roze was married first to the operatic bass, Julius ("Jule") E. Perkins. Their son Raymond (1875-1920) was a theatre composer and conductor. He put on a season of opera in English at Covent Garden in the winter of 1913, including his opera Joan of Arc, which was also staged at the Paris Opéra Garnier in 1917. In 1919 he founded the British Symphony Orchestra, with which he gave some concerts and made a few recordings.
Her second husband was one of the sons of James Henry Mapleson (known as James, 1830-1901), a noted impresario in London and New York. This son, named and known as Henry, was like his father styled Colonel (d.1927).
Awards and honors
Marie Roze received multiple medals for her actions during the German invasion of France. At her passing, the French government ordered a bust of Marie Roze in her role in Galatea to be erected over her tomb at the Père Lachaise Cemetery, and acquired two of her portraits by Alexis Perignon and Paul Emmanuel de Pommayrac. They hang in the Paris Opera Garnier Library and the Museum of the Philharmonie de Paris.
References
Sources
Baltzell, W. J., "Roze, Marie" in Baltzell's Dictionary of Musicians, originally published in 1910, facsimile edition published by Read Books, 2007.
New York Times, "Mme. Marie Roze: Arrival of the New Prima Donna of the Strakosch Company", 31 December 1877.
New York Times, "Marie Roze as Carmen: An Immense Audience in the Boston Globe Theatre", 11 November 1880.
Bravo, "Finding the Real Carmen", Fall 2016
External links
National Portrait Gallery, London, Portrait of Marie Roze in the title role of Jules Massenet's Manon.
French operatic sopranos
1846 births
1926 deaths
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
19th-century French women opera singers
The German Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Kolonia, the capital of Pohnpei State in the Federated States of Micronesia. Pohnpei and the other Caroline Islands had become a German protectorate in 1899, after the Spanish–American War, and were administered as part of German New Guinea. This cemetery is a historical reminder of the period of German administration, although it was in deteriorated condition in 1976, accessible only by hiking through a mangrove swamp, with its wrought iron fence and gate in disrepair. Two German governors were buried here.
The cemetery was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1976, when the region was part of the US-administered Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands.
References
Cemeteries in Oceania
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in the Federated States of Micronesia
Buildings and structures completed in 1910
Kenneth E. Hartman (born December 28, 1960) is an American writer and prison activist. In 1980, Hartman was convicted of murder at the age of 19 for beating a homeless man to death in a Long Beach park, and he was sentenced to life in prison without parole. While in prison, Hartman became known as a prisoner-rights advocate, and on April 15, 2017, Hartman was one of 2 prisoners to have their lifetime sentences commuted by Governor Jerry Brown. Hartman was released from prison in December 2017.
Hartman was one of the proponents of the "Honor Yard" in California State Prison in Lancaster; the program involves "600 inmates who have promised to avoid drugs, gang activity and violence against each other or prison staff and who live in a section of the prison separated from the general inmates" where they may take training and classes. Hartman wrote about his experiences in prison and this program in his essay "A Prisoners' Purpose". In a 2009 New York Times editorial, he described the effects of the recession on the prison system. He has also written against the penalty of life imprisonment without parole, calling it "the other death penalty". In a December 2014 feature for Harper's Magazine, he described three decades of prison Christmases to illustrate the progressive attempts to dehumanize prisoners in the United States.
His 2009 memoir is Mother California: A Story of Redemption Behind Bars ().
References
American essayists
American memoirists
American people convicted of murder
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by California
1960s births
Living people
Isa is a town and Local Government Area of Sokoto state, Nigeria. It shares borders with Shinkafi in Zamfara State, Goronyo and Sabon Birni from west and north respectively in Sokoto and the Republic of Niger in the east.
It has an area of 2,158 km and a population of 146,103 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 842.
The Isa LGA is made up of the capital town of Isa and other towns and villages such as Turba, Bafarawa (birthplace of former Sokoto State governor and 2007 presidential candidate Attahiru Bafarawa). Historically, the area was a part of the ancient kingdom of Gobir and is inhabited by members of the Gobirawa and Fulani ethnic groups.
References
Local Government Areas in Sokoto State
Populated places in Sokoto State
In numerical analysis, Gauss–Hermite quadrature is a form of Gaussian quadrature for approximating the value of integrals of the following kind:
In this case
where n is the number of sample points used. The xi are the roots of the physicists' version of the Hermite polynomial Hn(x) (i = 1,2,...,n), and the associated weights wi are given by
Example with change of variable
Consider a function h(y), where the variable y is Normally distributed: . The expectation of h corresponds to the following integral:
As this doesn't exactly correspond to the Hermite polynomial, we need to change variables:
Coupled with the integration by substitution, we obtain:
leading to:
References
External links
For tables of Gauss-Hermite abscissae and weights up to order n = 32 see http://www.efunda.com/math/num_integration/findgausshermite.cfm.
Generalized Gauss–Hermite quadrature, free software in C++, Fortran, and Matlab
Numerical integration (quadrature)
Estimation methods
Boulevard (formerly known as The Boulevard) is a Long Island/New York City regional variety magazine owned by Anton Media Group. Founded in 1985, it was well received as a bi-monthly newspaper inserted into selected weekly newspapers in and around Long Island's Gold Coast. The glossy magazine was relaunched in 2016 after a 5-year hiatus as a quarterly publication.
History
The magazine began as a newspaper featuring mostly charity events, minor celebrity stories and special features that catered to the North Shore communities, commonly referred to the "Gold Coast". Boulevard expanded to cover both Nassau and Suffolk counties including The Hamptons. The latest incarnation of Boulevard covers topics of national interest.
Newspaper to magazine
In October 2006, publisher and CEO Angela Susan Anton transformed Boulevard into a glossy magazine, with Dina Lohan, mother of Lindsay Lohan, featured as that the September/October issue cover subject. Patrick McMullan signed on as the magazine's lead photographer.
The magazine's first three issues contained additional sections of Travel, Design, Charity Events, Celebs, The Island, Fashion, Wine & Dine and Photo Gallery. By the fourth issue, the magazine underwent slight design changes, streamlining the colors and better defining the sections. The sections changed were: Charity Events to Events, The Island to Lifestyle, Celebs to Profiles, and a Health Section was added. By October 2007, the magazine added Music, Art, Sports and Business.
Actor Joe Gannascoli, guitarist John Lilley of The Hooters, News 12 News Correspondent Gina Glickman and Q104.3 DJ Jonathan Clarke all have written for the magazine, with Clarke as a regular contributor.
As of April 2008, Boulevard was circulated via Anton Community Newspapers to 70 communities in the North Shore of Nassau County. It is distributed to over 400 locations on Long Island. Readership is about 180,000 (estimated).
In November 2016, Boulevard was circulated via Anton Media Group to the communities in their coverage area. Future issues will be available for purchase on newsstands. The publisher Angela Susan Anton appeared on the cover. New editor-in-chief Jennifer Fauci wrote a history of the publisher and the publication Also included within the pages are features on The Theodore Roosevelt Museum at Old Orchard, Andrew Zimmern, Gregg Allman, Baiting Hollow Farm Vineyard and Horse Rescue, La Selva mansion and owner Debra Del Vecchio's beekeeping, the Broadway show On Your Feet!, New York Fashion Week, Melissa McBride of The Walking Dead (TV series), Jacques Torres, H. Jon Benjamin, Maria Rodale's cookbook Scratch, and Angela Susan Anton's social diary and charities she supports.
Boulevard Online
In April 2009, Boulevard launched a revised, more interactive version of its website and branded it "B Online." The new website offered a more streamlined look and feel as well as the ability to search articles, create events, better handling of multimedia photos and videos as well as the ability to print, pdf and email articles, as well as online advertising, Fitness Made Simple celebrity John Basedow and Q104.3 "Out of the Box" host, Jonathan Clarke, both have blogs on the website.
In November 2016, Boulevard launched a brand-new website. On it readers can find new content as well as archives of the previous incarnations of Boulevard.
Covers
October 2006 Dina Lohan
December 2006 Dr. Max Gomez
February 2007 Joan Jett
April 2007 Clinton Kelly
June 2007 Laura Bell Bundy
August 2007 Susan Lucci
October 2007 Steven Van Zandt
December 2007 David Hyde Pierce
February 2008 Jay Leno
April 2008 Tamara Tunie
June 2008 Joe Gannascoli, Tony Darrow
August 2008 Anthony Michael Hall
October 2008 Good Morning America's Sam Champion
December 2008 Julia Ormond
February 2009 James Taylor
April 2009 Melora Hardin
June 2009 Rock of Ages
August 2009 Regina King
October 2009 Bill Maher
December 2009 Sandra Lee
February 2010 Ana Ortiz
May 2010 Beth Stern
July 2010 Green Day
September 2010 Selita Ebanks
November 2010 Dr. Oz
December 2010 Bobby Flay
March 2011 Michelle Rodriguez
November 2011 Angela Susan Anton
References
External links
Official website (US)
www.antonnews.com
www.antonmediagroup.com
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Local interest magazines published in the United States
Publications established in 1985
Magazines established in 2006
Magazines published in New York City
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
1985 establishments in New York (state)
The grey seedeater (Sporophila intermedia) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and heavily degraded former forest.
References
grey seedeater
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
grey seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a private junior college in Niigata, Niigata, Japan, established in 1997.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1997
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Niigata Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1997 establishments in Japan
Philippe Volter (23 March 1959 – 13 April 2005) was a Belgian actor and director. Born Philippe Wolter to theatre director Claude Volter and his wife, actress Jacqueline Bir, Volter began his career in Brussels in 1985.
He made many stage and film appearances, the latter of which peaked with such arthouse films as The Music Teacher (1988), The Double Life of Véronique (1991) and Blue (1993). Other appearances include Macbeth (1987) and The Five Senses (1999). Upon his father's death in 2002, he returned to Belgium and became artistic director for the Comedy Claude Volter.
Volter committed suicide in 2005, aged 46.
Filmography
External links
1959 births
2005 suicides
Belgian male film actors
Belgian male stage actors
Belgian theatre directors
Suicides in France
2005 deaths
Quiggins was an indoor market within Liverpool city centre. The market, which was home to many small 'alternative' stores, was located in adjacent three warehouse buildings on a site between School Lane, Peters Lane and College Lane. The main entrance was through the 1866 Palatine Building. Although Quiggins markets existed at several locations within Liverpool, these premises were the most well known in the city.
The market closed in 2006 in order to be redeveloped as part of a massive development of Liverpool City Centre by the Grosvenor Group.
History
The business's first location was on Renshaw Street which opened in 1986, where it adopted the name of the long established architectural ironmongers which had formerly owned the premises and whose sign still adorned the shop front.
Originally established as an antiques business, it outgrew the building and in 1988 moved to a larger location on School Lane. With parts of the building rented out to other antique traders, it later diversified into providing space for specialist and alternative stores where many of the stallholders were local artists and craftsmen. There Quiggins soon became a significant part of Liverpool's cultural scene. Next to the Bluecoat Centre and only two blocks from the busiest pedestrian traffic on Merseyside, it was seen as an ideal place to trade and congregate.
It was also the home of "Fraggle Radio", an internet based station streaming rock and punk music founded by Dave Carter and Terry Harris, and the popular Brook Café provided a late night venue for live alternative music.
Closure
As part of its Capital of Culture bid, Liverpool City Council drew up the Bluecoat Triangle plan, later to become the Paradise Street Development Scheme, to boost the retail and cultural areas in the city centre, one aspect of which was the proposed acquisition of the building containing Quiggins Centre. Many local residents and businesses lodged objections to these proposals and a well-publicised four-year public relations and political campaign was launched against the plans spearheaded by Peter Tierney, (co-owner & founder) and his supporters. These included a protest march, a petition with over a hundred and fifty thousand signatures presented to Parliament, letter writing and media events, etc.
A Public Inquiry was held in September to November 2003, at which fifty objectors to the scheme were heard, Quiggins being prominent among them. Noted barrister specialising in planning issues, Mr Robert McCracken QC led for Quiggins; Mr. David Elvin QC for Liverpool Council and Grosvenor Estates. On the Quiggins' team were Peter Tierney (also known as Peter Quiggins), 'Save Quiggins' campaign manager, researches, urban renewal consultants, planning consultants and other experts and supporters.
Following the hearing, the Planning Inspector, Derek Mumford upheld the proposed CPOs and on 18 May 2004, the development scheme was approved by John Prescott, the British Deputy Prime Minister. This resulted in the issuance of CPOs against several businesses in the development area, including that of Quiggins. A further vigorous campaign was launched in the Spring of 2006 by the owners Quiggins and its supporter. However last-ditch negotiations between the partners and with the developer, Grosvenor Estates in June 2006, apparently led to a hostile take over by the younger brother which contributed to collapsing the Quiggins' challenge.
The CPO was then executed, which reputedly granted Quiggins a compensation claim of £1.2M before legal costs and tax. On 1 July 2006 Quiggins closed its doors for the last time at the School Lane site. By early 2007 the buildings had been demolished except for the retained ornate facade at the corner of School Lane (Palatine Building) which has been re-used by the Liverpool One development as part of a street of boutiques between Church Street and Paradise Street which opened in late 2008.
Later development
Following the compulsory purchase and closure of the School Lane site a number of store owners re-opened at the Grand Central Hall in Renshaw Street, under the banner "Quiggins at Grand Central", retaining the alternative store/indoor market ethos. Sadly though, this building's operations as Quiggins had ceased in 2018, the site Grand Central Hall is currently 'The New Liverpool Grand Central Hotel' (this closure was spearheaded by the Smokie Mo's landowners).
Meanwhile, in late 2006 Peter Tierney opened 'Quiggins AttiQue' in Aigburth, South Liverpool, and continues trading from there while planning a return to Liverpool City Centre retailing. Continuing its ethos of helping small independent businesses gain a strong foothold under the "Quiggins" banner, it had long been Quiggins' intention to acquire the lease to the John Lewis Store (formerly George Henry-Lee) on Church Street, and lengthy negotiations took place with Grosvenor and City Council in an attempt to achieve this. However an announcement on 1 October 2007 declared that Rapid Hardware would take over the premises in 2011.
In May 2012 Tierney stood as National Front candidate in the Liverpool Mayoral elections, polling 566 votes. In November that year the traders at Grand Central dropped "Quiggins" as part of their title, though a spokesman claimed this was an unrelated action.
See also
The Paradise Project
Grosvenor Group
Affleck's Palace - a similar centre in Manchester
References
External links
Minister's letter approving CPOs. 18 May 2004
Guerilla warfare proposed to save iconic city store. icLiverpool. 27 March 2006
Paradise Project. Peters Lane.
Paradise Project. School Lane Shopping Arcade.
icLiverpool 'It's farewell to Quiggins'. icLiverpool. 30 June 2006
Buildings and structures in Liverpool
Retailing in Liverpool
Thomas C. Naratil (born 1961) is an American business executive in the financial industry. After serving as president of both UBS Wealth Management Americas and UBS Americas since early 2016, Naratil was appointed CEO of UBS Americas Holding LLC and became co-president of Global Wealth Management of UBS Group AG and UBS AG in early 2018. Naratil started his career in finance in 1983 when he joined the brokerage firm Paine Webber Jackson & Curtis. The Swiss bank UBS acquired PaineWebber in 2000 and Naratil would hold various senior management positions at UBS Group, including chief financial officer (CFO) and chief operating officer (COO) from 2014 to 2015. Naratil succeeded Robert McCann as president of both UBS Wealth Management Americas and UBS Americas. In 2016, Naratil led a reorganization that involved cutting recruitment of US advisors and thinning management ranks, while also increasing compensation for UBS advisors. He is on the boards of organizations such as the American Swiss Foundation and College of Nursing at Villanova University, and has served on its Clearing House Supervisory Board.
Early life and education
Thomas C. Naratil was born in 1961 in the United States. After earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from Yale University in 1983, he earned a Master of Business Administration degree in economics from New York University's Stern School of Business in 1990. Naratil served in the United States Army Reserve for six years.
Career
1983-2008: UBS PaineWebber
In July 1983 Naratil joined the American brokerage firm Paine Webber Jackson & Curtis through its corporate intern program. He became a trading assistant in the firm's taxed fixed income (TFI) unit in January 1985, and the unit later appointed him manager of risk, origination, sales, and marketing. From 1987 to 1993 Naratil co-managed the TFI unit's government and federal agency trading desk, and in 1994 he became PaineWebber's TFI director. The Swiss bank UBS acquired PaineWebber in 2000, renaming it UBS PaineWebber in 2001. Initially appointed director of UBS PaineWebber's investment products group, in 2002 the division appointed him director of its transactions products group and director of banking and transactional solutions. In 2003 UBS PaineWebber was renamed UBS Wealth Management USA.
UBS selected Naratil as its global head of market strategy and development in 2005. In that role, he was responsible for "the sales, marketing and trading of all taxable debt, convertible securities and preferred stock" of UBS. In 2007 he was named UBS's global head of marketing, segment and client development. During the financial crisis of 2008, he served as head of UBS's Auction Rate Securities Solutions Group.
2009-2015: UBS CFO and COO
In 2009 Naratil was appointed chief financial officer (CFO) and chief risk officer (CRO) of UBS Wealth Management Americas, a role he held until 2011. In May 2011 he began serving as UBS's global CFO, moving from the United States to Zurich, Switzerland to succeed John Cryan as both CFO and a member of UBS's Group Executive Board, which Naratil joined on June 1, 2011. On January 1, 2014, he was named UBS's chief operating officer (COO) in addition to his CFO responsibilities. He retained both his COO and CFO roles until the end of 2015.
2016-2018: president of UBS Americas and UBS Wealth Management Americas
Appointment
Naratil succeeded Robert McCann as president of both UBS Wealth Management Americas and UBS Americas on January 1, 2016, tasked by UBS executives with "extending the brokerage's profit beyond roughly $1 billion annually." The Wall Street Journal wrote that Naratil was expected to continue the unit's focus on "primarily serving clients who have millions of dollars to invest." In May 2016 Naratil created an alliance with the financial technology company SigFig to create fintech products for UBS, among them a digital platform to support his financial advisors.
Wealth Management Americas re-organization
Naratil led a reorganization at UBS's US wealth management arm in June 2016 to "push decision-making authority down to the firm's 208 local managers," giving managers control of their team structures, allocation of marketing and event resources, and pricing for services and products. The reorganization involved cutting recruitment of US advisors by 40 percent annually, as well as thinning management ranks. Around 60 senior executives and support staff "sandwiched between upper management and the local level" were redeployed or cut, with Naratil eliminating 20 percent of the managing directors and 10% of the executive directors working from UBS Americas' home office. With the funds saved from reducing overhead, Naratil built "a SWAT team of roving experts," including specialist-lending and technology experts, to work with local advisors. Also as part of the restructuring, he oversaw a simplification of the arm's compensation plan. Taking effect in 2017, Naratil said no advisor would get less cash under the plan, which left base pay levels for advisors unchanged. Beyond increasing pay to select advisors and pay to advisors with the most business, the changes also offered incentives for working in teams, bringing in new business, and selling client books within the firm upon retiring. "Following UBS's lead," Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley also announced plans in 2017 to change their recruitment and compensation plans.
2018-present: co-president of Global Wealth Management of UBS Group AG and UBS AG and CEO of UBS Americas Holding LLC.
In January 2018, Naratil was appointed CEO of UBS Americas Holding LLC.
In February 2018, became co-president of Global Wealth Management of UBS Group AG and UBS AG alongside Martin Blessing. Iqbal Khan succeeded Blessing, becoming Naratil's co-president, on October 1, 2019.
Interviewed by Bloomberg in late March 2020, Naratil observed that, during the COVID-19 pandemic, “The biggest difference between now and 2008 is that the banks are a source of strength rather than the source of the problem”.
Memberships and directorships
Naratil is involved with several corporate and philanthropic boards. He is on the board of the American Swiss Foundation and the board of consultors for the College of Nursing at Villanova University. He has also served on Villanova's Clearing House Supervisory Board.
Writing and public speaking
Naratil has written for publications such as Business Insider and The Hill on financial and economic matters. He has also been interviewed by networks and newspapers such as CNBC, Fox Business, Reuters, and Bloomberg TV.
Personal life
Naratil and his wife Wendy have five children, three of whom also work in the financial services industry, and reside in New Jersey. In 2013, Yale University accepted an endowment from Naratil and his wife to fund the Wendy U. and Thomas C. Naratil Pioneer Award, which supports "an investigation that is either highly inventive or close to a major breakthrough in advancing women's health — where funding is needed to reach its aims."
See also
List of Yale University people
List of NYU Stern people
References
External links
"Large investors still say they aren't ready to sell as coronavirus crisis continues"; CNBC; March 31, 2020
"Tom Naratil: «Lessons From Lake Placid»"; FinNews; March, 2, 2020
Living people
1961 births
New York University alumni
Yale University alumni
American bankers
American chief executives
UBS people
American financial businesspeople
WKZV was a 1,000–watt, two-tower directional, daytime-only AM radio station in the Pittsburgh radio market, licensed to Washington, Pennsylvania. On May 16, 2013, the station went dark, and returned its license to the FCC, after ending its country music format of more than two decades. Call letters WKZV is now assigned to 102.1 FM Savannah, GA as a K-LOVE Christian station.
History
The WKEG years
Known then as WKEG, the station was first issued a construction permit in August 1968, signing on October 1, 1970. Among the station's original staff at start-up was general manager Lew Wade, vice president Leo Shank, and chief engineer Richard Canter.
WKEG featured a full-service format of middle-of-the-road, country, and polka music. The polka show was hosted by local polka musician Gil Yurus, who joined the station at start-up and remained until financial troubles began in the late 1980s.
WKEG maintained its original owner until September 1972, when DiLeLo Broadcasting sold the station to Nascone Enterprises (dba Genas Broadcasting), a company headed by Joseph P. Nascone, the former sales manager of WTAE Radio in Pittsburgh.
Upon acquisition, Joe Nascone changed the station's format to easy listening. Genas Broadcasting operated the station until 1987 when it was purchased by Ferguson Broadcasting.
For many of its early years, the station operated out of a trailer at its transmitter site at 59 McLane Road (now Whitetail Drive) in Chartiers Township, north of downtown Washington, and then to the former George Washington Hotel in downtown Washington.
The station would move in the late 1980s to another studio location at 71 North Main Street in downtown Washington, following its purchase by Ferguson Broadcasting, and then to its final location on East Chestnut Street in 1990.
The third owner, William Ferguson, changed the station's format to adult contemporary, delivered via satellite through the Transtar Radio Network. The station ended up going dark in two years.
The station was then purchased by JJG Communications, a company headed by Carmichaels businessman John G. Brodak and John Loeper, the former general manager of WANB/WANB-FM in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.
JJG made another go of the station, this time with a news/talk/sports format, also mostly via satellite. The station failed again, and was off the air by October 1991.
Rebirth as WKZV
The station returned to the air in the spring of 1992, this time with a new set of call letters; WKZV ("KZ Country") and a new owner, U.S. North Broadcasting, Inc.
Despite their best efforts and investment in studio overhauls, the station did not prosper. A little over a year later Helen Supinski bought the station from U.S. North Broadcasting, Inc. in March 1993, and continued to do business until May 2013 as My-Key Broadcasting.. Polka disc-jockey Mike Panjuscek served as station manager.
The new owner discontinued satellite-delivered country music format in May 1995 and hired two local announcers, Jeff Martin and Randy Allum, each working half of the broadcast day. Martin was the station's program director and Allum was music director. Jeffrey Gorman was the news director and Melissa Anderson worked weekends. Panjuscek gradually shifted the format to more of a classic country sound, with special emphasis on local country music artists and those on independent record labels, especially on weekends when Panjuscek did a Saturday afternoon show made up of bluegrass, classic country, and local artists. On Sunday afternoons Panjuscek, as "Polka Mike," did a show exclusively featuring polka music.
Cease of operations
Panjuscek died on September 17, 2011.
The station owner, Helen Supinski, closed the station at the end of the day on Tuesday, May 14, 2013.
In a letter to the FCC dated that day, WKZV's communications attorneys cited health reasons and adverse economic conditions as reasons to surrender the license. The FCC cancelled the station's license on May 21, 2013.
Helen Supinski died April 26, 2014 at the age of 90. Not long afterwards, the WKZV transmission towers were dismantled and the building on Chestnut Street was razed after the property had been sold to Washington and Jefferson College.
References
Radio the old way - The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
WKZV a radio rarity - The Observer-Reporter
WKZV off the air for good - The Observer-Reporter
External links
Radio the Old Way...Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
KZV
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Washington, Pennsylvania
Radio stations disestablished in 2013
Radio stations established in 1970
1970 establishments in Pennsylvania
2013 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
KZV
KZV
Alex Hutchings is a professional guitarist based in Bristol, England. He especially plays and teaches jazz fusion, rock and r'n'b.
Since 2002, he has toured for a variety of different musical ensembles and brands.
Career
Hutchings has the main guitar role on the Thriller – Live concert. He also composes music for BBC TV and radio and ITV.
In late 2017 he joined the Steven Wilson live band, touring with them in support of Wilson's To the Bone album.
In late 2019, Alex released his first online guitar masterclass with JTC Guitar named "Approach to Improvising Masterclass: Vol 1"
Equipment
Hutchings has collaborated with Waghorn guitars, Rotosound strings, Laney Amplification and Roland Corporation.
References
English rock guitarists
English jazz guitarists
English male guitarists
Living people
Musicians from Bristol
British music educators
British male jazz musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 48th season in the National Football League and the sixth under head coach Mike Smith. The Falcons entered the season as one of the Super Bowl favorites; However, due to multiple key injuries to the team, the Falcons failed to improve on their 13–3 season from 2012, after a 23–30 loss to the New England Patriots in week 4 and failed to match their 13–3 record from last year as a result of a 28–30 week 5 loss against the New York Jets. They were mathematically eliminated from postseason contention for the first time since 2009 and secured the Falcons' first losing season since 2007, after a 13–17 week 12 loss to the New Orleans Saints.
2013 draft class
Notes
The Falcons traded their first- (No. 30 overall), third (No. 92 overall) and sixth- (No. 198 overall) round selections to the St. Louis Rams in exchange for the Rams' 2013 first-round selection (No. 22 overall) and a 2015 seventh-round selection.
Compensatory selection.
The Falcons traded their fifth- (No. 163 overall) and original seventh- (No. 236 overall) round selections to the Chicago Bears in exchange for the Bears' fifth-round selection (No. 153 overall).
Staff
Final roster
Depth chart
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
# Indicates that the Falcons were the visiting team in the Bills Toronto Series.
Game summaries
Week 1: at New Orleans Saints
The Falcons would travel to New Orleans to open their season. The Falcons would carry a 17-13 lead into the fourth quarter, but the Saints would score a touchdown with 6:22 remaining. The Falcons would try to rally, but the comeback fell short, as the Saints would add a field goal to win 23-17. With the loss, the Falcons started their season 0-1 for the second time in 3 seasons.
Week 2: vs. St. Louis Rams
The Falcons would return to Atlanta for their home opener against the Rams. The Falcons would have a big first half, cruising to a 24-3 lead at halftime. St. Louis would try to come back, and outscored Atlanta 21-7 in the second half, but it was not enough as the Falcons held on for the win. With the win, the Falcons evened their record at 1-1.
Week 3: at Miami Dolphins
The Falcons would lead the entire game until the Dolphins went down to score the game-winning touchdown with 38 seconds remaining. The Falcons would try to go down to the end zone to pull out the win, but they would not, and the Falcons would lose 27-23 to the Miami Dolphins. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 1-2.
Week 4: vs. New England Patriots
The Falcons would go back home for a Sunday Night Football game against the New England Patriots. The Falcons would put up a good fight, but they would lose a close shootout against the undefeated Patriots. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 1-3.
Week 5: vs. New York Jets
The Falcons would go down the field to score with 1:54 remaining on a Matt Bryant field goal. However, the Jets would go down and kick a field goal as time expired to give the Jets the win. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 1-4 for the first time since 2007.
Week 7: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Falcons would stay home for a divisional game against winless Tampa Bay. The Falcons would never trail during the game, and they would win this game 31-23. The Falcons cruised to a 24-10 lead at halftime, and held off a second half Tampa Bay rally for the victory.
With the win, the Falcons improved to 2-4 while sending Tampa Bay to 0-7.
Week 8: at Arizona Cardinals
The Falcons would travel to Arizona to take on the Cardinals. The Falcons would struggle all game, committing 4 turnovers (all interceptions by Matt Ryan) as they lost 27-13. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 2-5.
Week 9: at Carolina Panthers
The Falcons would go to Carolina for a showdown with the Panthers. The Falcons would once again struggle as they would commit 4 turnovers for the second straight week as they lost 34-10 to Carolina. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 2-6.
Week 10: vs. Seattle Seahawks
In a rematch of last seasons divisional game, the Falcons went down easily this time to Seattle, losing 33-10. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 2-7.
Week 11: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Falcons traveled to Tampa Bay for game 2 against the Bucs. The Falcons would suffer a mountain of embarrassment, as they lost 41-28 to the one-win Buccaneers. It was the most points the Buccaneers had scored in a single game all season, and the most points the Falcons had surrendered in a single game all season.
With the loss, the Falcons fell to 2-8.
Week 12: vs. New Orleans Saints
With the loss, coupled with wins by the Cardinals, 49ers and the Panthers, the Falcons were the first team this season to be eliminated from playoff contention.
Week 13: at Buffalo Bills
Bills Toronto Series
In this game, the Falcons would travel to Toronto for their game against the Bills, as it was the Bills Toronto game for the 2013 season. The Bills would lead 31-24 during the 4th quarter, but the Falcons would go down and score the game-tying touchdown with 1:28 remaining in regulation. In overtime, the Falcons would win on a Matt Bryant field goal to give the Falcons the win. With the win, the Falcons would end their 5-game losing streak and improve to 3-9.
Week 14: at Green Bay Packers
The Falcons would travel to Green Bay for a game against the Packers. The Falcons had a lot of chances to try and get the lead in the fourth quarter, but the Packers would ultimately hold a 22-21 lead for the final 12:01 as the Falcons failed to score in the fourth quarter. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 3-10.
Week 15: vs. Washington Redskins
The Falcons would go home for a battle against 3-10 Washington. The Falcons would win the game 27-26. The Redskins would go down to score with 18 seconds remaining, but mainly since they were 3-10, they tried to go for 2 and give them the lead and ultimately the win. However, the attempt was no good and the Falcons held on. With the win, the Falcons improved to 4-10.
Week 16: at San Francisco 49ers
The Falcons would travel to San Francisco for a Monday Night game against the 49ers. The Falcons had a shot at getting the lead in the 4th quarter, but NaVorro Bowman would return an interception 89 yards for a touchdown to put the game away. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 4-11. The loss also allowed the 49ers to clinch a playoff berth.
Week 17: vs. Carolina Panthers
With the loss, the Falcons finished their season 4-12 being swept by the Panthers for the first time since 1997.
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Atlanta
Atlanta Falcons seasons
2013 in sports in Georgia (U.S. state)
The 1966 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Group C Improved Production Touring Cars. It was contested over a single 20-lap race staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit near Bathurst in New South Wales, Australia on Easter Monday, 11 April 1966, and was the seventh running of the Australian Touring Car Championship. The race was sponsored by the Neptune Oil Company, Sydney.
Ian Geoghegan, driving a Ford Mustang, claimed his second Australian Touring Car Championship title and the first of four consecutive titles that he would achieve in Mustangs.
Race summary
Ian Geoghegan had upgraded to a Ford Mustang and took pole position ahead of Norm Beechey, who had qualified both his Mustang and his new Chevrolet Chevy II Nova. Despite lapping quicker in the Mustang, Beechey elected to race the more powerful Chevy II Nova. Don Smith had qualified sixth in his Holden EH S4, but was unable to start due to an accident in a preliminary race.
Beechey led away from the start and gradually increased his lead during the first half of the 20-lap race, moving 9.6 seconds ahead of Geoghegan by the end of lap 8. Three cars had been retired at this point: T. McGee's Morris Cooper, Malcolm Bailey's Ford Zephyr and Bob Edgerton's Morris Cooper S.
Geoghegan started to reduce the gap on lap 9 and caught Beechey on lap 13 before passing him on lap 14. Terry Allan retired from the race on lap 13 while fellow Holden runner Warren Weldon retired on lap 16 with a broken crankshaft. Beechey's pace dropped off for the remainder of the race, with reported clutch troubles, allowing Geoghegan to take an easy victory. Kevin Bartlett, driving an Alfa Romeo GTA, was the only other driver to finish on the lead lap, albeit nearly two minutes behind Beechey. John Harvey and Phil Barnes completed the top five, one lap down on the leaders.
Results
Notes:
Class winners are indicated by bold text.
Norm Beechey qualified in both his Ford Mustang and his Chevrolet Chevy II Nova but chose to race the latter.
Statistics
Attendance: 20,000
Pole position: Ian Geoghegan, 2:40.7
Fastest lap: Ian Geoghegan, 2:40.4 (New record)
Race distance: 20 laps, 123.44 km
Winner's average speed: 135.89 km/h
References
External links
1966 touring car racing images
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Touring Cars
Motorsport in Bathurst, New South Wales
Alatuncusia canalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found on Hispaniola.
References
Moths described in 1866
Dichogamini
Moths of the Caribbean
Lasse Sørensen (born 6 March 1982) is a retired Danish professional football goalkeeper, who currently is the goalkeeper coach of FC Roskilde.
References
External links
Boldklubben Frem profile
National team profile
Career statistics at Danmarks Radio
1982 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Ølstykke FC players
Boldklubben Frem players
Næstved Boldklub players
AC Horsens players
Danish Superliga players
Køge Nord FC players
Association football goalkeepers
Lukavac () is a city located in Tuzla Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 2013 census, the town has a population of 12,061 inhabitants, with 44,520 inhabitants in the city.
Geography
Lukavac covers an area of 352,66 km2. It shares borders with cities and municipalities of: Tuzla, Živinice, Banovići, Zavidovići, Maglaj, Petrovo, Gračanica and Srebrenik.
Apart from the town, the city comprises the following villages:
Babice Donje
• Babice Gornje
• Berkovica
• Bikodže
• Bistarac Donji
• Bistarac Gornji
• Bokavići
• Borice
• Brijesnica Donja
• Brijesnica Gornja
• Caparde
• Cerik
• Crveno Brdo
• Devetak
• Dobošnica
• Gnojnica
• Huskići
• Jaruške Donje
• Jaruške Gornje
• Kalajevo
• Komari
• Krtova
• Kruševica
• Lukavac
• Lukavac Gornji
• Mičijevići
• Milino Selo
• Modrac
• Orahovica
• Poljice
• Prline
• Prokosovići
• Puračić
• Smoluća Donja
• Smoluća Gornja
• Semići
• Sižje
• Stupari
• Šikulje
• Tabaci
• Tumare
• Turija
• Vasiljevci
• Vijenac
Demographics
1971
In 1971, the population of Lukavac was 51,781, made up of:
34,010 Bosniaks (65.68%)
13,526 Serbs (26.12%)
3,111 Croats (6.00%)
613 Yugoslavs (1.18%)
521 others (1.02%)
1991
In the 1991 census, Lukavac municipality had 56,830 residents:
Bosniaks (66.8%)
Serbs (21.5%)
Croats (3.8%)
others (8%)
2013
In the 2013 census the municipality of Lukavac had 44,520 residents:
Bosniaks (86.6%)
Serbs (3.4%)
Croats (3.4%)
others (6.6%)
Economy
Lukavac has strong chemical industry, like the whole Tuzla region. The main factories are Soda Lukavac, member of Turkish Şişecam group and cement factory Fabrika Cementa Lukavac (FCL).
Sport
The town's football club is FK Radnički Lukavac. There is also Aikido Club "GARD" Lukavac .
Lukavac town's Karate Club (previously known as KK Reweus) has achieved top recognitions in worldwide Karate competitions, and has produced some of the best Karate Champions in the Region. Members of the club regularly represent Bosnia and Herzegovina's representation in world championships.
Notable residents
Amir Osmanović, footballer
Twin towns – sister cities
Lukavac is twinned with:
Ulcinj, Montenegro
Velenje, Slovenia
References
External links
Official site
Cities and towns in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Populated places in Lukavac
Municipalities of the Tuzla Canton
Functional Skills are qualifications that have been developed by the UK Government as part of an initiative to improve England's literacy, numeracy and ICT skills. They are replacing Key Skills Level 1 and 2 qualifications from September 2012; in the short-term Entry Level Key Skills will remain as there is no current replacement – this is still in review.
Functional skills qualifications are now integral in:
GCSEs – in English, mathematics and ICT and are included in key stage 3 and key stage 4 programmes of study.
Diplomas
A component in all apprenticeship frameworks – Key Skills will be still be available for registration until 31 August 2012.
Functional Skills are also available as stand-alone qualifications.
A three-year Functional Skills pilot ended on 31 August 2010. All pilot qualifications have been withdrawn and the new accredited functional skills qualifications are now available for all learners.
Although several assessment models were piloted, the QCDA have approved assessment models that consist of internal assessment and moderation of entry level qualifications by the centre. Level 1 and Level 2 assessments are to be externally assessed and moderated, and carried out in exam conditions at the centre. Functional Skills English Speaking and Listening components will be internally assessed but externally moderated. In Functional Skills Mathematics assessments, candidates at all levels are allowed the use of a calculator. Functional Skills ICT assessments will require use of a computer with internet access.
Although the delivery of Functional Skills should be embedded into all curricula by using contextualised teaching materials, the assessments at Level 1 and level 2 will be neither embedded nor contextualised and will be graded as PASS/FAIL via a test. The English speaking and listening skills requires internal assessment of English usage; all other skills are externally assessed. There are no proxies and no portfolio requirements for these qualifications - therefore unless the qualification has been achieved previously, there is no direct replacement.
Functional Skills Mathematics assessments will consist of mathematical problem-solving and decision making using numbers, with tasks simulating the natural occurrence of numerical reasoning within real life contexts.
Functional Skills English assessments will consist of speaking and listening, reading and writing tasks simulating the need for English language skills within real life contexts; including usage of spelling and grammar and presentation skills.
Functional Skills ICT assessments will consist of tasks demanding independent use of all forms of ICT; problem-solving, research and interpretation.
Functional Skills are only available in England – Scotland has an alternative skills programme – Core Skills and Wales – Essential Skills.
References
http://www.edexcel.com/quals/func-skills/delivering/Pages/default.aspx
http://feweek.co.uk/2012/02/24/promoting-the-positive-in-functional-skills/
http://www.teachingtimes.com/articles/functional-skills.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20120312150329/http://www.usethekey.org.uk/curriculum-and-learning/secondary-and-further/14-19/information-on-functional-skill-sets
Educational qualifications in England
Lieutenant-General Sir William Howley Goodenough (4 April 1833 – 24 October 1898) was a British Army officer who became General Officer Commanding North-West District.
Military career
Born the son of Edmund Goodenough, Headmaster of Westminster School, Goodenough was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery on 20 June 1849. He was promoted to lieutenant on 1 April 1851, to captain on 1 January 1856 and to major on 20 July 1858. He fought and was wounded at the Siege of Lucknow during the Indian Rebellion. Promoted to lieutenant-colonel on 25 March 1869, he became military attaché in Vienna in 1871.
He commanded the artillery during the Anglo-Egyptian War in 1882. He went on to be Inspector-General of Royal Artillery in August 1886, General Officer Commanding North-West District in July 1889 and General Officer Commanding, Chatham District in April 1890. His last appointment was as General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope in December 1894, in which capacity he briefly acted as Governor of Cape Colony in 1897, before retiring in October 1898.
References
British Army lieutenant generals
1833 births
1898 deaths
Royal Artillery officers
Governors of the Cape Colony
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
William
Calpionellites is an extinct genus of single celled eukaryotes. Their fossils are found in rocks dating to the Valanginian stage of the Early Cretaceous.
Biostratigraphic significance
The first occurrence of the species Calpionellites darderi marks the beginning of the Valanginian and thus end of the Berriasian.
Distribution
Fossils of the genus have been found in:
Puke, Albania
Steinmühl Formation, Austria
Guasasa Formation, Cuba
Lake Rożnów, Poland
Lapos Formation, Romania
Miravetes and Tollo Formations, Spain
See also
Calpionella
References
Alveolata genera
Prehistoric SAR supergroup genera
Index fossils
Early Cretaceous first appearances
Early Cretaceous extinctions
Fossils of Albania
Cretaceous Austria
Fossils of Austria
Cretaceous Cuba
Fossils of Cuba
Fossils of Poland
Cretaceous Romania
Fossils of Romania
Cretaceous Spain
Fossils of Spain
Manila's 3rd congressional district is one of the six congressional districts of the Philippines in the city of Manila. It has been represented in the House of Representatives of the Philippines since 1949. The district consists of barangays 268 to 394 in the northern Manila districts of Binondo, Quiapo, San Nicolas and Santa Cruz. It is currently represented in the 19th Congress by Joel R. Chua of Aksyon Demokratiko and Asenso Manileño.
Representation history
Election results
2022
2019
2016
2013
2010
See also
Legislative districts of Manila
References
Congressional districts of the Philippines
Politics of Manila
1949 establishments in the Philippines
Congressional districts of Metro Manila
Constituencies established in 1949
The Beaverkill Valley Inn, formerly known as The Bonnie View, is located off Beaverkill Road (Ulster County Route 54) north of Lew Beach, New York, United States. It is a large wooden hotel built near the end of the 19th century.
It was built as a lodge for anglers coming to fly fish for trout in the nearby Beaver Kill. It is one of the few fishing lodges remaining from that era of resort development remaining in the Catskills, and the only one along the upper Beaver Kill. In 1985 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the westernmost property in the county with that distinction.
Property
The inn property is a mostly rectangular parcel along Barnhart Road bordered by the Beaver Kill on the south and west, along the stream's flood plain at the foot of a wooded hillside near the Delaware County line, at an elevation of above sea level. There are several other outbuildings and recreational resources on the property besides the inn. All are of recent construction or have been extensively altered from their original appearance; only the inn and the property's section of the river are considered contributing resources.
The main building is a two-story L-shaped frame structure with gabled roof shingled in asphalt and pierced by large gabled dormers with two windows each. It is topped with a cupola with flared hipped roof and louvered arched vents. Siding is clapboard giving way to wood shingles in the gable fields.
A shed-roofed veranda, rounded at the northeast corner, supported by square pillars with simple capitals runs the length of the north, south and east elevations. It is broken by stairways at the center of the six-bay east (front) facade, the eastern end of the south, and a porte-cochère on the north. A railing of square-sawn members also runs the length of the porch; spheres on newel posts are the only decoration. All windows are flanked with louvered shutters
Three single-story wings have been added to the building. The south one takes in an enclosed portion of the veranda and serves as the manager's apartment. The north one houses the kitchen, with a former porch now enclosed to create more space. A west wing with shed dormers on the roof and a deck at the end provides lounge space for guests.
Inside, a central hall is flanked by sitting rooms on the front and the dining room, reception area on the rear with the stairs. The sitting rooms have their original oak trim and brick-and-stone fireplaces. The dining room has the original trim as well, with a new bay window added to let more natural light in. The original turned oak spindlework and balustrade remain on the stairs.
Upstairs, the rooms on the second floor have been enlarged to allow the installation of private bathrooms. The rooms on the third floor are their original size; the shared bathrooms have been enlarged. The original window trim remains on both. The basement has been finished for use as a laundry and game room.
Near the house are two attached frame barns dating to the property's original construction but enlarged today for use as conference rooms and support facilities for an added swimming pool. A wooded area up the hill screens the inn's tennis courts. A new springhouse up Barnhart Road replaced a dilapidated original. Hiking trails and footpaths have been built around the property to connect all these facilities and offer their own recreational possibilities.
History
The combination of minimal arable land, remoteness and continuing land disputes over the Hardenburgh Patent kept the upper Beaverkill Valley from being settled for the first half of the 19th century. The trout in its streams were taken by the few loggers, trappers and (later) tanners who headed up it primarily as food rather than recreation. Their abundance had been written about by Washington Irving as early as 1819, when angling was just beginning to take hold as a recreational activity in the United States. In 1838 The American Turf Register and Sporting Magazine wrote that the Beaver Kill along with Callicoon and Willowemoc creeks were "the three finest trout streams in this country; they are comparatively unknown to city anglers and less fished than any others of like pretension within our knowledge."
The Erie Railroad, and later the Ontario and Western, finally made that region of the Catskills more accessible to city anglers in the later half of the century; they began coming in great numbers. With the decline of the tanning industry and the creation of the state Forest Preserve in the 1880s, tourism, in the form of visiting fishermen, became the main industry in the southwestern Catskills. Those fishermen in turn developed the uniquely American technique of dry-fly trout fishing, epitomized in the writings of area resident Theodore Gordon, known in later years as the father of American dry-fly fishing.
In the 1895–1915 period, Gordon and other pioneers developed the art of fly tying. Early rod builders perfected the split bamboo fly rod. A community of anglers developed around the Beaverkill and other Catskill rivers, in and out of the private clubs they established to preserve exclusive rights to river frontage. Their lore named pools and bends. They stocked and protected and preserved them. In later years they helped prevent the damming of the Beaverkill and Willowemoc for New York City reservoirs.
Hotels and other accommodations were built to cater to sport fishermen during those years, regarded as a golden age of Catskill fly fishing. Three remain today — Antrim Lodge and the Central House in Roscoe, the center of recreational fishing in the Catskills, and the Beaverkill Valley Inn, founded in 1895 as the Bonnie View by a local married couple. Its architecture is typical of the late Victorian architectural styles of its time, with comforts such as its veranda and fireplaces that an affluent male urban guest would have appreciated, built specifically as a fisherman's hotel.
In the early 1980s, new owners renovated the outbuildings, added other recreational facilities and renamed it the Beaverkill Valley Inn. Of the 18 hotels, farmhouses or rooming houses that had fishermen as guests along the upper Beaverkill (above Roscoe), it is the only one intact and in continuous operation today.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ulster County, New York
References
External links
Inn website
Hotels in New York (state)
Buildings and structures in Ulster County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Ulster County, New York
Hotel buildings completed in 1895
Catskills
Tourist attractions in Ulster County, New York
Louisa Adelaide Nott-Bower, born Louisa Yorke (27 March 1861 – 6 September 1925) was a British archer, born in Wales, who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, at age 47. She was also active on behalf of women's rights and moral welfare.
Early life
Louisa Adelaide Yorke was born in Troedyraur, Ceredigion, youngest of the twelve children of James Charles Yorke and Georgiana Augusta Hawkins. Her father died when she was a girl. Her mother was from Somerset.
Olympics
Nott-Bower and her husband were amateur archers, affiliated with the Royal Richmond Archery Club. She competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round competition. She was 47 years old that year, and took eleventh place in the event with 503 points. The women's archery medalists that year were her British teammates Queenie Newall (gold), Lottie Dod (silver), and Beatrice Hill-Lowe (bronze).
Women's rights
Nott-Bower was active in the women's suffrage movement and afterwards. She attended the International Council of Women meeting in Switzerland in 1920, and headed the English branch of the International Woman's Council. Late in life, she attended an international women's meeting in Washington D. C., and lectured on women's rights in the United States. She was also in the newspapers for her quotable observations about fashion and cookery, and about Americans as compared to the British.
In 1924 Lady Nott-Bower spoke at a conference on moral welfare organised by the National Council of Women. Her talk concerned "the problem of sexual offences against children, and suggested certain new lines of action in the case both of the offender and the victim".
Personal life
Yorke married Sir Edmund Ernest Nott-Bower (1853-1933), a barrister, in 1886, and they had three children, George, Marianne, and Reginald. William Nott-Bower, Chief Constable of the City of London Police, was her brother-in-law; her nephew, Sir John Nott-Bower, was a later Chief Constable. Louisa Nott-Bower died in London in 1925, aged 64 years.
References
Further reading
1861 births
1925 deaths
Welsh female archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
People from Ceredigion
A truth commission, or truth and reconciliation commission, is tasked with discovering and revealing past wrongdoing by a government.
Truth commission may also refer to:
Historical Truth Commission, the Presidential Commission of the Russian Federation to Counter Attempts to Falsify History to the Detriment of Russia's Interests (2009–2012)
The Truth Commission, a professional wrestling stable
Truth Commission (Chad), a 1990–1992 investigation of abuses during the tenure of former President Hissène Habré
See also
Truth and Reconciliation Commission (disambiguation), bodies around the world using this name
Truth-seeking, the general process of societies examining past crimes in order to prevent their repetition in the future
List of truth and reconciliation commissions
Christmas Jollies is the third album released by Vincent Montana Jr. and his first Christmas album. It was recorded and released on Salsoul Records in November 1976. The album includes a few new Christmas tunes, co-written by Vincent Montana Jr. himself, entitled, "There's Someone Who's Knocking" with the children's chorus singing, "Merry Christmas All" with his daughter, Denise Montana, singing the lead and "Christmas Time" with the sweet honeyed-voices of the session girl-group, The Sweethearts of Sigma, that features group members Barbara Ingram, Evette Benton and Carla Benson. This highly successful album also includes disco renditions of "The Little Drummer Boy", "Sleigh Ride" and so on, plus the orchestrated instrumental version of "Silent Night". Side two is semi-instrumental with two different medleys, such as "Christmas Medley" with the family chorus singing and "New Year's Medley" with The Salsoul Singers singing in the background. Christmas Jollies went on to become the best-selling holiday albums of 1976 and 1977.
Track listing
Side One
"The Little Drummer Boy"
"Sleigh Ride"
"Silent Night" (Instrumental)
"Merry Christmas All"
Lead Vocal - Denise Montana
"Christmas Time"
"There's Someone Who's Knocking"
Children's Chorus - Santa's Little Helpers
Side Two
Christmas Medley: "Joy to the World"/"Deck the Halls"/"O Holy Night"/"O Come All Ye Faithful"/"Jingle Bells"/"Hark! The Herald Angels Sing"/"Santa Claus Is Coming to Town"/"The Christmas Song"/"White Christmas"/"Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer"/"I'll Be Home for Christmas"/"Winter Wonderland"/"The First Noel"/"Joy to the World (Reprise)"/"We Wish You a Merry Christmas"
Family Chorus Vocals - The Sweethearts of Sigma and Santa's Little Helpers
New Year's Medley: "Auld Lang Syne"/"I'm Looking Over a Four Leaf Clover"/"Alabama Jubilee"/"Oh, Dem Golden Slippers"/"Auld Lang Syne (Reprise)"/"God Bless America"
Chorus Vocals - The Salsoul Singers
Personnel
Keyboards - Carlton Kent
Bass - Gordon Edwards
Drums - Earl Young
Congas - Larry Washington, Osvaldo Martinez
Alto Saxophone - John Bonnie on "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "There's Someone Who's Knocking"
Trumpet Solos by Evan Solot on "We Wish You a Merry Christmas"
Guitars - Ronnie James, Norman Harris
Banjo - Ronnie James
Strings & Horns - Don Renaldo and His Little Helpers
Tuba - Eddie Moore
Vibes, Chimes, Marimba, Timpani, Percussion, Bells, Producer - Vincent Montana, Jr.
Vocals - The Sweethearts of Sigma: Barbara Ingram, Evette Benton, Carla Benson (tracks A1, A2 and A5)
References
External links
https://thesalsoulorchestra.bandcamp.com/album/christmas-jollies
Christmas albums by American artists
1976 Christmas albums
Salsoul Orchestra albums
Salsoul Records albums
WHDD-FM (91.9 FM, "Robin Hood Radio") is a NPR-affiliated radio station licensed to serve Sharon, Connecticut. WHDD-FM is owned by Tri-State Public Communications, Inc.
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
WHDD official website
HDD-FM
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Community radio stations in the United States
Sharon, Connecticut
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in Connecticut
Emmanuelle Tourme-Jouannet (born July 28, 1962) is a professor of International law at the Sciences Po School of Law. She teaches and carries out research in International law, International dispute, Human rights and International humanitarian law as well as in History of law and Philosophy of law. Her career as a jurist and a philosopher has begun after having taken courses in law and philosophy respectively at Panthéon-Assas University (MA in Law) and the Paris-Sorbonne University (M. Phil).
Professional commitments
Emmanuelle Tourme-Jouannet is a Professor at Sciences Po since May 2014 and the co-editor-in-chief of the Journal of History of International Law.
She is a former Professor at the Sorbonne University, where she acted as the legal director of the master's degree in international law at the Paris-Sorbonne University, Emmanuelle Tourme-Jouannet was also the Deputy Director of the Institut de recherche en droit international et européen (IREDIES). Through this research institute, she is the editor-in-chief of the Doctrine and the French Studies in International Law Collections. She is also an associate researcher at the UMR 8103 (Mixed research Unit) in Comparative law, Pantheon-Sorbonne University and at the Institut Michel-Villey pour la culture juridique et la philosophie du droit, Panthéon-Assas University. At an international level, Emmanuelle Tourme-Jouannet leads the joint programs between Paris 1 and both Columbia University and Cornell University. She is a member of the Editorial Board of the Journal européen de droit international (EJIL, The European Journal of International Law) and of Editorial committees of the Archives de Philosophie du droit (Archives of Philosophy of the law) et de la Revue belge de droit international (Belgium Magazine of International Law). In March, 2010, she becomes member of Academic Council of the Harvard Institute for Global Law and Policy (Harvard University). In 2011, Emmanuelle Tourme-Jouannet is placed in the direction of the international program of research in the IREDIES-CERDIN : Justice et Droit international dans un monde global (Justice and International law in a global world).
Selected published books
Droit international et nouvelles approches sur le Tiers Monde : entre répétition et renouveau, (International Law and New Approaches to the Third World: Between Repetition and Renewal), Mark TOUFAYAN, Emmanuelle TOURME-JOUANNET, Hélène RUIZ FABRI (dir.), SLC, Coll. UMR de droit comparé vol. 13
What is a Fair International Society? International Law between Development and Recognition, Trad. C. Sutcliffe, Hart Publishing, Oxford, 2013, 252 p.
Le droit international, Paris, PUF, Coll. Que sais-je?, 2013, 125 p.
Les doctrines internationalistes durant les années de communisme réel en Europe, en codirection avec Iulia MOTOC, Paris, SLC, Coll. de l'UMR de droit comparé (n°27), 2012, 568 p.
Le droit international libéral-providence, Une histoire du droit international, Brussels, Editions Bruylant, 2011. Ouvrage traduit, The Liberal-Welfarist Law of Nations, Editions Cambridge UP, Traduction de Chistopher Sutcliffe, 2012.
Qu'est-ce qu'une société internationale juste ? Le droit international entre développement et reconnaissance, Paris, Editions Pedone, 2011.
Emmer de Vattel et l'émergence doctrinale du droit international public, JOUANNET Emmanuelle, Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 1998, . Traduction : Vattel and the Emergence of Classic International Law, Traduction par BELLANDE Gina et HOWSE Robert (Prof. NYU), Londres, Hart Publishing, forthcoming November, 2009, .
Prix de l'université Paris-II (1994), prix Dupin-Aîné (1994), prix Maurice Picard de la Chancellerie des universités de Paris (1994). Subvention du ministère de l'Éducation nationale.
ESIL Proceedings 2006: Wat's use of International Law ? , H. RUIZ-FABRI, E. JOUANNET et V. TOMKIEWICZ (dir), Londres, Hart Publishing, 2008, .
Regards d'une génération de juristes sur le droit international, E. JOUANNET, H. RUIZ-FABRI et J-M SOREL (dir), Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 2008, .
Le Droit international et l'impérialisme en Europe et en Amérique, JOUANNET Emmanuelle et H. RUIZ-FABRI (dir), Sociétés de droit et de législation comparée, 2007.
Selected articles
Le principe de l'Or monétaire, à propos de l'arrêt du 30 juin 1995 dans l'affaire du Timor oriental, RGDIP (Revue générale de droit international public, General magazine of public international law), 1996, number 3, p. 673-714.
Regards sur un siècle de doctrine française du droit international, AFDI, 2000, p. 1-57.
Vattel et la sujétion directe de l'État au droit international, in L'État moderne (1715–1848), Studies gathered by professor Simone Goyard-Fabre, Paris, Édition Vrin, 2000, p. 153-179.
La critique de la pensée classique durant l'entre deux guerres : Vattel et Van Vollenhoven (quelques réflexions sur le modèle classique du droit international), Miskolc Journal of International Law, 2004, Vol.1, number 2.
Select Proceedings of the European Society of International Law, Miskolc Journal of International Law, Vol. 5. (2008) number 2. p. 136-137.
French and American Perspectives on International Law: Legal Cultures and International Law, Maine Law Review, 2006 vol 58, number 2, p. 291-336.
Between Universalim and Imperialism : the true-false paradoxe of International Law, EJIL, Vol 17 number 3, 2007, p. 407-450.
What is the Use of International Law ? , Michigan Journal of International Law, 2008, Vol. 28,
A Century of French International Law Scholarship, Maine Law Review, 2009, Vol. 61/1, p. 84-131.
Published works
Le principe de l'Or monétaire, à propos de l'arrêt du 30 juin 1995 dans l'affaire du Timor oriental, RGDIP (Revue générale de droit international public), 1996, no. 3, .
Regards sur un siècle de doctrine française du droit international, AFDI, 2000, .
Vattel et la sujétion directe de l'État au droit international, in L'État moderne (1715-1848), Études réunies par la professeure Simone Goyard-Fabre, Paris, Édition Vrin, 2000, .
Histoire de la pensée juridique internationale in Droit international public, ouvrage collectif sous la direction du professeur ALLAND Denis, Paris, PUF, 2000, .
Le droit non écrit, in Droit international public, ouvrage collectif sous la direction du professeur ALLAND Denis, Paris, PUF, 2000, .
Le règlement de paix entre l'Éthiopie et l'Érythrée : un succès majeur pour l'ensemble de l'Afrique ? , RGDIP, 2001/4, .
Quelques observations sur la signification de la notion d'urgence, Le contentieux de l'urgence et l'urgence dans le contentieux devant les juridictions internationales : regards croisés, H. Ruiz-Fabri et J. M Sorel, Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 2001, .
L'idée de communauté humaine à la croisée de la communauté des États et de la communauté mondiale, La mondialisation entre illusion et utopie, Archives de Philosophie du droit, t.47, 2003, .
La notion de jurisprudence internationale en question, 2003, .
L'impossible protection des droits du tiers par la Cour internationale de Justice dans les affaires de délimitation maritime, La mer et son droit, Mélanges offerts à L. Luchini et J. P Quéneudec, Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 2003, .
Droit des gens (Du droit des gens au droit international), Dictionnaire de la culture juridique, sous la direction de S. RIALS et de D. ALLAND, Paris, PUF, 2003, .
Prise (Droit de), Dictionnaire de la culture juridique, sous la direction de S. RIALS et de D. ALLAND, Paris, PUF, 2003, .
La critique de la pensée classique durant l'entre-deux-guerres : Vattel et Van Vollenhoven (quelques réflexions sur le modèle classique du droit international), Miskolc Journal of International Law, 2004, Vol.1, no. 2 (journal électronique).
Select Proceedings of the European Society of International Law, Miskolc Journal of International Law, Vol. 5. (2008) no. 2. (journal électronique).
La pensée juridique de Charles Chaumont, Revue belge de droit international, 2004/1, .
Le juge international face au problème d'incohérence et d'instabilité du droit international, RGDIP, 2005/1, .
La communauté internationale vue par les juristes, Annuaire français des relations internationales, 2005, Vol. VI, .
Existe-t-il de grands arrêts de la Cour internationale de Justice ? , Les arrêts de la Cour internationale de Justice, Textes rassemblés par Charalambos Apostolidis, Dijon, Éditions universitaires de Dijon, 2005, .
Les travaux préparatoires de la Charte des Nations unies, La Charte des Nations unies. Commentaire article par article, Jean-Pierre Cot, A. Pellet et M. Forteau, 3rd ed, Vol. I, Paris, Economica, 2005, .
L'ambivalence des principes généraux face au caractère étrange et complexe de l'ordre juridique international, L'influence des sources sur l'unité et la fragmentation du droit international, R. HUESA VINAIXA et K. WELLENS, Bruylant, Brussels, 2006, .
La saisine des juridictions internationales ou la simplicité dans la diversité, La saisine des juridictions internationales, H. Ruiz-Fabri et J-M Sorel (dir), Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 2006, .
French and American Perspectives on International Law: Legal Cultures and International Law, Maine Law Review, 2006 vol 58, no. 2, .
Colonialisme européen et néo-colonialisme contemporain (Notes de lecture des manuels européens du droit des gens entre 1850 et 1914), Baltik Yearbook of International Law, 2006, Vol. 6, .
Between Universalim and Imperialism : the true-false paradoxe of International Law, EJIL, Vol 17 (no. 3, 2007, .
À quoi sert le droit international ? Le droit international providence du XXIe siècle, Revue belge de droit international, 2007-1, vol. XL, .
Présentation critique de la pensée de M. Koskenniemi, in M. KOSKENNIEMI, La politique du droit international, Collection CERDIN Doctrine(s), Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 2007, .
La preuve comme reflet des évolutions de la jurisprudence internationale, in La preuve devant les juridictions internationales, H. Ruiz-Fabri et J-M Sorel (dir), Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 2007, .
Présentation critique de la pensée de N. Berman, in N. BERMAN, Passions et ambivalences : le nationalisme, le colonialisme et le droit international, Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, Collection CERDIN Doctrine(s), 2008, .
What is the Use of International Law ? , Michigan Journal of International Law, 2008, Vol. 28, no. 4, .
La Motivation ou le mystère de la boîte noire, La motivation des décisions des juridictions internationales, H. Ruiz-Fabri et J-M Sorel (dir), Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, 2008, .
Présentation de la pensée d'Olivier Corten, in O. CORTEN, Le discours du droit international. Pour un positivisme critique. Paris, Éditions A. Pedone, Collection CERDIN Doctrine(s), 2009, .
A Century of French International Law Scholarship, Maine Law Review, 2009, Vol. 61/1, .
L'indépendance et l'impartialité des juridictions internationales : l'émergence d'un tiers pouvoir international ?, in H. Ruiz-Fabri et J-M Sorel (dir), L'indépendance et l'impartialité des juridictions internationales, Paris, Pedone, 2010, .
Vattel ou le droit des gens des Modernes, Yves Sandoz (dir), Réflexions sur l'impact, le rayonnement et l'actualité du droit des gens d'Emer de Vattel, Brussels, Bruylant, 2010, pp. 3–19.
Les dualismes du droit des gens, in Chetail, Vincent et Haggenmacher, Peter (eds), Le droit international de Vattel vu du XXIème siècle, Leiden, Boston, M. Nijhoff, 2011, pp. 133–150.
Koskenniemi : A Critical Introduction, in Koskenniemi, The Politics of International Law, Londres, Hart Publishing, 2011, pp. 1–32.
Presentation, in Berman, Nathaniel, Passions and Ambivalences: Colonialism, Nationalism and International Law, Brill, 2012, pp. 1–35.
Préface, Cançado Trindade, Antonio A, Le droit international pour la personne humaine, Paris, Pedone, pp. 3–4.
¿De qué sirve el derecho internacional? El derecho internacional providencia del siglo XXI, Revista de derecho público. Universidad de Los Andes (Bogotá, Colombia), No 27, Julio-Diciembre 2011, pp 1–47.
How to Depart from the Existing Dire Conditions of Development ?, in A. Cassese (ed), Realizing Utopia. The future of International Law, Oxford UP, 2012, pp. 392–417.
Reparations for Historical Wrongs : the lessons of Durban, in What is a Fair Internbational Society ? Hart Publishing, 2013, pp. 193–201. Forthcoming also with a Debate in the African Yearbook of International Law, 2014 -
Des origines coloniales du droit international. A propos du droit des gens moderne du 18ème siècle in The Roots of International Law. Liber amicorum, Peter Haggenmacher, Leiden/Boston, M. Nijhoff, 2014, pp. 649–672 (forthcoming translation in English and publication in the JHIL 2015)
Committees and societies
Emmanuelle Jouannet is member of the Editorial Board of the Journal européen de droit international, the Société européenne de droit international, the International group in Legal Theory, the Revue belge de droit international (RBDI)12, the magazine Archives de philosophie du droit, the BRILL's Series : Studies in History of International Law, the Société française pour la philosophie et la théorie juridiques et politiques (SFPJ), the Société française de droit international, the Société européenne de droit international, the Association française de philosophie du droit, the American Society of International Law, the Institut Michel-Villey pour la culture juridique et la philosophie du droit, the Institut européen des droits de l'homme, the Commission de validation des acquis de l'université Paris-I. Emmanuelle Jouannet is Member of the Academic Council du Institute for International Law and the Humanities of University of Melbourne, in Australia, and member of the Advisory Boards du French Law Program Faculty of the University of Maine.
References
External links
Emmanuelle Jouannet's main articles
IREDIES official website
1962 births
Living people
International law scholars
French jurists
Philosophers of law
Rapture is a fictional city in the BioShock series published by 2K Games. It is an underwater city that is the main setting for the games BioShock and BioShock 2. The city also briefly appears in BioShock Infinite, and is featured in its downloadable content, Burial at Sea. The game's back-story describes the city as envisioned by business tycoon Andrew Ryan in the mid-1940s as a means to create a utopia for mankind's greatest artists and thinkers to prosper in a laissez-faire environment outside of increasing oppression by the world's governments and religion. However, the lack of government made many people uneasy, and the masses turned toward political activists like Atlas who advocated stability under a government, turning the city into a dystopia; and on the eve of 1959, a civil war broke out, leaving much of Rapture's population dead. The remaining citizens either became psychotic "Splicers" due to the effects of ADAM, a substance that can alter genetic material, or have barricaded themselves from the Splicers to protect themselves, leaving the city to fail and fall apart around them.
The player first experiences Rapture in BioShock, in 1960, a year after the fateful riots, as a man named Jack that has come to Rapture after a plane accident over the mid-Atlantic Ocean where the city was located; during this, the player comes to learn more about Ryan's motives and those that he struggled against to keep the city's ideals until the very end. In BioShock 2, the player takes the role of a "Big Daddy", a heavily modified humanoid in an armored diving suit, designed to maintain the city, and would soon come to serve the purpose of protecting the Little Sisters as they collect ADAM from "Angels", which are dead bodies that harbor significant amounts of ADAM; this takes place eight years after the events of the first game, and while Ryan has been killed, there remain those that vie for the vacuum left in his position of power.
Rapture makes a brief appearance near the climax of BioShock Infinite, which is otherwise set in a different dystopian city, Columbia. Downloadable content for Infinite is set in Rapture on New Year's Eve 1959, a year before the events of the first BioShock and on the day of the civil war.
Concept and creation
The concept of Rapture was the brainchild of Ken Levine, founding member and creative director of Irrational Games, (briefly renamed 2K Boston just prior to BioShocks release, but later returned to their former name). Ken Levine had studied the works of Ayn Rand, George Orwell, and Aldous Huxley and other works of utopian and dystopian societies as part of his liberal arts degree. He had also had fascination with the story of Logan's Run. Levine also considered the nature of the horror genre, noting works such as The Shining where there is the need for a feeling of loss for the horror to be effective. Rapture's Art Deco architecture was heavily inspired by the locations and buildings of New York City, like the Rockefeller Center. Gotham City from the Batman universe also served as inspiration. Shawn Robertson stated that Art Deco fit really well into BioShock's budget, as the finished Art Deco models had large and simple solid shapes and were low poly. Rapture features a vast number of various artwork, and advertisements for businesses within the city, which many were inspired by real-world vintage advertisements.
Description
Rapture is an underwater city, located in the north Atlantic Ocean somewhere between Greenland and Iceland. It is only accessible by a system of bathyspheres. The city was designed to be self-sufficient, growing and raising its own crops as well as using the surrounding sea life for food, and taking advantage of submarine volcanoes to provide geothermal power to its population. The city consists of many "skyscrapers", inter-linked by walkways and tunnels, with watertight doors between neighboring sections to isolate areas from the rest of the city should they ever become flooded. The buildings, both inside and out, feature a distinctive Art Deco design motif, reflecting on the era during which they were built (the mid-'40s). In addition to living quarters, Rapture features shopping areas, entertainment venues, laboratories, manufacturing plants, medical facilities, and other common services provided by a functional city.
Though Rapture was built as a utopia for creative individuals to flourish, the city soon became a dystopia. Part of the downfall of Rapture was the discovery of ADAM, stem cells harvested from a previously unknown species of sea slug. Scientists in Rapture found that ADAM could be used to overwrite the human genome, allowing its users to literally "splice" superpowers (such as telekinesis) into their DNA. The lead scientist, Dr. Brigid Tenenbaum, discovered that ADAM could be mass-produced by implanting the sea slug in the stomachs of young orphaned girls, who came to be known as "Little Sisters". The implantation process only worked on female children for an unknown reason. As Rapture began to fall into social chaos, in part due to the mental instability that came about from increased ADAM use, the Little Sisters were mentally reconditioned to extract ADAM from the dead and recycle it. In order to protect the girls from ADAM-hungry lunatics, Dr. Suchong generated genetically modified humans in armored diving suits, and assigned them to protect a specific Little Sister. These beings became known as "Big Daddies".
When the player experiences the city, roughly one/ten years after the collapse of its society (one year in BioShock, ten years in BioShock 2), the majority of Rapture's population is dead; the few that survive have either become psychotic "Splicers", or survivors that have barricaded themselves from the Splicers. While most of the city's automated systems still operate, large swaths of the city have become flooded, while others have been damaged beyond repair, either as a result of the bloody civil war that tore Rapture apart, or as a consequence of the Splicers' ADAM-induced psychotic episodes. ADAM harvesting Little Sisters, accompanied by their Big Daddy protectors, continue to wander Rapture during the player's experiences in the city.
History
Rapture was formally founded on November 5, 1946.
As described in the games' backstory and through in-game audio recordings, the city of Rapture was envisioned by the Randian business magnate Andrew Ryan, who wanted to create a laissez-faire state with no ties to the rest of the world to escape what he saw as increasingly oppressive political, economic, and religious authority on land. The city was fully completed in 1951. Scientific progress flourished in Rapture, leading to rapid developments in engineering and biotechnology, such as the invention of ADAM, thanks in part to the brilliant scientists that Ryan brought to the city.
Though residents were hand-picked for their success on the surface, as time passed, the gap between rich and poor increased. This was exploited by Frank Fontaine, a businessman in charge of the plasmid industry who secretly established an illegal smuggling ring with the outside world while simultaneously creating charitable organizations to manipulate the underclass. A violent attempt to overthrow Ryan reportedly killed Fontaine, but the player's experience in BioShock reveals that Fontaine survived, disguising himself as the proletarian hero 'Atlas'. On New Year's Eve of 1959, Fontaine/Atlas and his ADAM-infused followers began a new revolt against Ryan, targeting a masquerade party hosted by the city-famous Kashmir Restaurant, that spread throughout Rapture. Ryan in turn began splicing his own forces, and his paranoia had reached such a level he was hanging dozens of people, mostly innocent, in Rapture's Apollo Square. As the war disrupted production and supply, every ADAM user in the city eventually went violently insane. By the end of the 1959 revolt, Ryan's utopia had become a dystopia, and only a handful of non-mutated humans survive in barricaded hideouts.
In the events of BioShock, Jack, the player-controlled protagonist, ends up in Rapture after a plane crash in the middle of the ocean leaves him close to the city's bathysphere surface terminus. In the course of the game, it is learned that Jack is Ryan's illegitimate son, and was purposely brought to Rapture to be used as a cat's paw against the founder by Fontaine/Atlas. When Jack finally meets Ryan, the latter is well aware of Jack's identity and mental conditioning, and orders Jack to kill him, ending his life on his own terms and rejecting the control Fontaine has over his son. Fontaine leaves Jack to die, but he is rescued by Tenenbaum and her Little Sisters, and together they attack and kill Fontaine.
In the power void left by the deaths of Ryan's and Fontaine, a previously disgraced public figure named Sofia Lamb seizes power in the following decade. In contrast to Ryan's belief of empowering the individual, Lamb's ideals are favoring the collective, and she is able to build "The Family", a cult-like following of the remaining citizens of Rapture to achieve her goals. During the events of BioShock 2 (which takes place ten years after the events of the first game), the player takes the role of the first prototype Big Daddy, Subject Delta, as Lamb's plans progress to their final completion to extend The Family to the surface. The destinies of Delta, Lamb, and Eleanor, Lamb's daughter and Delta's original Little Sister, are determined by the player's action during the game, though the endings involve escaping a section of Rapture flooded by Lamb. The fate of Rapture is left open after the completion of the game.
More details about the origins of Rapture are provided in the novel BioShock: Rapture, a prequel novel by John Shirley, released in 2011. The novel tells the backstory of the creation of Rapture, the underwater city's deterioration, and the civil war following the coming of plasmids. The novel ends shortly before the story in the first BioShock game begins. The novel was originally called BioShock: the Rise and Fall of the Ryan Empire.
The Burial at Sea downloadable content expansion for Bioshock Infinite explores a series of events that lead to the Rapture civil war. The story follows Elizabeth as she approaches Booker DeWitt, who works as a private investigator in Rapture, to investigate the disappearance of a young girl named Sally. Elizabeth claims that Sally is alive, and that a local artist named Sander Cohen may have information regarding her whereabouts. Throughout the course of the DLC, many details surrounding Atlas' rebellion, the link between Rapture and the floating city of Columbia, and the origin of the bond between Big Daddies and Little Sisters are revealed.
Reception
In reviews for BioShock, many reviewers praised the representation of Rapture. Charles Herold of The New York Times wrote that the city was "a fascinating creation" and that there was something "both wonderful and disturbing" in exploring the ruins of Andrew Ryan's creation.
Notes
References
Further reading
BioShock (series)
Abandoned buildings and structures in fiction
Dystopian fiction
Fictional city-states
Underwater civilizations in fiction
Video game levels
Video game locations
