Eyob Faniel (born 26 November 1992) is an Eritrean-born Italian long-distance runner who won a silver medal at the 2018 Mediterranean Games. He is the national record holder in the marathon with a time of 2:07:19, set on 23 February 2020, at the 2020 Seville Marathon. He finished 20th at the 2020 Summer Olympics, in the Marathon.
Biography
Born in Eritrea, Faniel came to Italy in 2004, he was naturalized in 2015 at 23.
In 2019, he competed in the men's marathon at the 2019 World Athletics Championships held in Doha, Qatar. He finished in 15th place.
In November 2021, he finished in 3nd place in the 2021 New York City Marathon with a time of 2:09:52.
National records
Half marathon: 1:00:07 ( Siena, 28 February 2021) - current holder
Marathon: 2:07:19 ( Seville, 23 February 2020) - current holder
Achievements
Personal bests
Half marathon: 1:00:07, Siena, 26 January 2020
Marathon: 2:07:19, Seville, 23 February 2020
See also
National records in the marathon
Men's marathon Italian record progression
List of Italian records in athletics
Italian all-time lists - Marathon
Italian all-time lists - Half marathon
Italian team at the running events
Italy at the 2018 European Athletics Championships
Italy at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Naturalized athletes of Italy
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Asmara
Italian male long-distance runners
Italian people of Eritrean descent
Eritrean emigrants to Italy
Italian sportspeople of African descent
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Italy
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Italian male marathon runners
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Naturalised citizens of Italy
Athletics competitors of Fiamme Oro
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
Opinion Research Center of Afghanistan (ORCA) is a social science research organization based in Kabul, Afghanistan. It operates in the areas of opinion, market and media research. It was founded in 2008, and claims to be "the largest full-service Afghan research center operating in the areas of market, media and opinion research." ORCA is Afghan-owned, and its survey enumerators are locally recruited.
References
External links
ORCA website
Research institutes in Afghanistan
2008 establishments in Afghanistan
is a railway station in the city of Nikkō, Tochigi, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway. The station is numbered "TN-25".
Lines
Tōbu-Nikkō Station is the terminus of the Tōbu Nikkō Line, and is located 94.5 km from the starting point of the line at Tōbu-Dōbutsu-Kōen Station. The station is served by all-stations "Local" services from , as well as direct Limited express Spacia and limited-stop "Rapid" and "Section Rapid" services from the Asakusa terminal in Tokyo.
Station layout
The station has five terminating platforms, numbered 1 to 2 and 4 to 6.
Adjacent stations
History
Tōbu-Nikkō Station opened on 1 October 1929. The current station building was completed in October 1997.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on Tobu lines, with Tōbu-Nikkō Station becoming "TN-25".
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 3104 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Nikkō Station on the JR East Nikkō Line
Nikkō Police Station
Nikkō Fire Station
Bus service
Tobu Nikko Station Bus stop
Route and Highway Buses
Nikko Municipal Bus
Nikko Kinugawa Express
Nikko Kotsu
For Kinugawaonsen Station
Nikko Station Bus stop
The bus stop is located on Japan National Route 119 between Nikko Station and Tobu-Nikko Station.
Route bus
Highway Bus
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Tobu-Nikko Station information (Tobu Railway)
Stations of Tobu Railway
Railway stations in Tochigi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Tobu Nikko Line
Nikkō, Tochigi
Marin Čilić defeated Félix Auger-Aliassime in the final, 7–6(7–2), 6–3, to win the singles tennis title at the 2021 Stuttgart Open. It was Čilić's 19th career ATP Tour singles title, his first in three years, and he did not drop a set en route to the victory. The No. 47-ranked 32-year-old Čilić also became the lowest-ranked winner since Juan Carlos Ferrero in 2011 and the third-oldest champion in tournament history. 2019 finalist Auger-Aliassime was contesting for his first career singles title in his eighth final.
Matteo Berrettini was the defending champion from when the event was last held in 2019, but he could not participate as he was still competing at the 2021 French Open upon the beginning of the tournament.
Seeds
The top four seeds received a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Lucky loser
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
2021 ATP Tour
2021 Singles
Metcalfa is a genus of planthoppers in the Flatidae family and the tribe Nephesini. Species are essentially North American in origin, but M. pruinosa has been introduced to Europe (including Britain).
Description
Usually, adults of Metcalfa are 5.5 to 8 mm in length and 2 to 3 mm in width at the widest point.
Species
Metcalfa frigida (Metcalf & Bruner, 1948)
Metcalfa persea (Metcalf & Bruner, 1948)
Metcalfa pruinosa (Say, 1830)
Metcalfa regularis (Fowler, 1900)
Metcalfa siboney (Metcalf & Bruner, 1948)
References
Flatidae
Auchenorrhyncha genera
Guillermo Enrique Rishchynski Oller (born December 26, 1953, in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian diplomat.
Early life and career
Rishchynski was born to Canadian and Panamanian parents and lived for a time in Ohio before attending Elwood-John H. Glenn High School in East Northport, New York. He graduated from McGill University in Montréal, Québec, in 1975, and worked as a regional Latin America marketing manager for Interimco International before joining the Department of External Affairs and International Trade in 1983 as an assistant trade commissioner. He has served abroad in Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Amman, Melbourne, Jakarta, Chicago and, from 1999 to 2002, as Ambassador to Colombia, in Bogotá.
In Ottawa, he has served the department as deputy director, Latin America and Caribbean Trade Division, and director, Team Canada Task Force. He joined the Canadian International Development Agency in 2003, serving as vice-president of the Americas Branch until his appointment as Ambassador to Brazil in 2005. In 2007, he was appointed Ambassador to Mexico.
Rishchynski was appointed Canada's Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Canada to the United Nations on August 15, 2011. After leaving the United Nations in January 2016, Rishchynski served as Executive Director for Canada at the Inter-American Development Bank.
Rischynski is a member of the Inter-American Dialogue.
He is also a member of the band UNRocks, together with other diplomats.
References
External links
Canadian Embassy in Brazil - Message from the Ambassador
McGill University alumni
Living people
1953 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ambassadors of Canada to Brazil
Ambassadors of Canada to Mexico
Ambassadors of Canada to Colombia
Permanent Representatives of Canada to the United Nations
Canadian people of Panamanian descent
People from Toronto
People from East Northport, New York
Members of the Inter-American Dialogue
HMAS Voyager was a of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), that was lost in a collision in 1964.
Constructed between 1949 and 1957, Voyager was the first ship of her class to enter Australian service, and the first all-welded ship to be built in Australia. During her career, Voyager was deployed to the Far East Strategic Reserve on six occasions, but never fired a shot in anger.
During the night of 10 February 1964, Voyager and the aircraft carrier collided off Jervis Bay, when the destroyer passed in front of the carrier during post-refit sea trials. Voyager was cut in two by the collision, sinking with the loss of 82 of the 314 people aboard. This was the largest loss of Australian military personnel in peacetime, and the subsequent investigations resulted in the holding of two Royal Commissions—the only time in Australian history this has occurred.
Design and construction
The Royal Australian Navy (RAN) initially ordered four s, which were to be named after the ships of the "Scrap Iron Flotilla" of World War II. The ships were modified during construction: most changes were made to improve habitability, including the installation of air-conditioning.
Voyager was laid down by the Cockatoo Docks and Engineering Company at Sydney, New South Wales on 10 October 1949. She was launched on 1 May 1952 by Dame Pattie Menzies, wife of the prime minister. Voyager was commissioned on 12 February 1957—she was the first ship of the RAN commissioned as 'Her' Majesty's Australian Ship. She was the first all-welded ship to be constructed in Australia. During construction the cost of Voyager nearly tripled to AU£7 million.
Voyager was armed with six Mark V guns in three double turrets ("A" and "B" turret before the bridge, "X" turret on the aft superstructure), six Bofors 40 mm guns in three twin mounts (one each side on the forward superstructure, the third on the aft superstructure behind the rear funnel), two 5-tube Petand torpedo launchers (located between the forward and aft superstructure), and one Limbo anti-submarine mortar (located near the stern). Voyagers armament differed from the other two Australian Darings, and : the latter ships were equipped with two single Bofors on the forward superstructure, and two twin Bofors on the aft superstructure.
Operational history
1957–1959
As Voyager was the first ship of her class in Australian service, she underwent an extensive program of sea trials after commissioning, which lasted until September. During the late stages of the trials, Voyager was damaged in a heavy storm, and on her return to Sydney, she was docked for repairs and maintenance until early January 1958. After re-entering service, Voyager and were assigned on 13 January to the Far East Strategic Reserve (FESR). Voyager returned on 1 September 1958, and entered a refit and leave period two days later, which lasted until 27 January 1959.
Following the refit, the destroyer was involved in a "Shop Window" exercise on 20 February—a day-long fleet exercise used to demonstrate RAN capabilities to politicians and media. On 3 March, the ship was assigned again to the FESR, and sailed for Singapore via South and Western Australia. While still off the northern coast of Western Australia, Voyager was involved in a South East Asia Treaty Organisation (SEATO) joint naval exercise. On 30 April, burst tubes in the "B" boiler damaged the ship, forcing her to limp to Hong Kong for six weeks of repairs. Over 300 sections of tubing had to be replaced in both boilers, with the cause of the damage confirmed to be oil contamination of the boilers' feed water. After repairs were completed on 15 June, Voyager sailed to Australia and underwent refit in Victoria.
In late 1959, Voyager was sent to the Far East for a two-and-a-half-month deployment. On 20 October, Voyager and her two sister ships operated together for the first time, and were officially designated the 9th Destroyer Squadron. A few days later, the Squadron was assigned to escort the aircraft carrier during a cruise to New Zealand, with the ships returning to Sydney on 4 December; Voyager immediately entering a maintenance and leave period.
1960–1962
Voyagers operations in 1960 began with a promotional visit to Port Kembla, New South Wales in late January, before participating in exercises with ships of the RAN and Royal New Zealand Navy (RNZN). On 28 March, Voyager and the carrier Melbourne departed for the FESR. En route, water tubes in "B" boiler burst again, although the damage was less severe than in the previous year. The destroyer was made to collect replacements in Singapore before sailing to Hong Kong to have them installed before the start of SEATO exercise Sea Lion in May. Voyager returned to Sydney via the west and south coasts of Australia in late June, and immediately entered a refit, which included restructuring of her bridge area. The refit was concluded on 14 November, and after working-up exercises and a short period of Christmas leave for the ships' company, departed on 28 December with for another FESR deployment.
Upon arriving in Singapore on 11 January 1961, Voyager and Quickmatch were assigned as escorts for the British aircraft carrier . The three ships were meant to sail to Subic Bay for joint exercises with the United States Navy, but these were cancelled while en route. Voyager and Quickmatch were ordered to Bangkok for a goodwill visit at the end of January, with the two ships performing a Shop Window exercise for Royal Thai Navy officers. After rejoining the FESR, Voyager was deployed to the Indian Ocean for SEATO Exercise Jet 61, which involved 25 ships from several Commonwealth navies. After participating in several other exercises, Voyager returned to Australia, escorting the carrier Melbourne as far as Townsville, Queensland before sailing to Jervis Bay and rendezvousing with nine RAN ships, two RN submarines, and three small military watercraft for a ceremonial entry to Sydney Harbour on 15 June. On 19 June, the ship commenced a refit which lasted until 1 November. On completion, Voyager was involved in a training exercise with other RAN, RN, and RNZN ships, and visited New Zealand before returning to Sydney on 8 December for Christmas leave.
Voyager left dock on 11 January 1962, before joining the carrier Melbourne and the frigate for a deployment to the FESR. During this deployment, Voyager participated in several SEATO exercises, became the first RAN ship to visit Tacloban City in the Philippines, made multiple port visits to Japan, and cast a wreath in the Lingayen Gulf to remember those killed by kamikaze attacks aboard the World War II heavy cruiser . Voyager arrived back in Sydney on 21 June. The destroyer underwent refits until early October, participated in SEATO Exercise Seascape later that month, visited Fremantle for the 1962 Commonwealth Games in November, and returned to Sydney for maintenance in December.
1963–1964
Voyager started 1963 with work-up exercises in Jervis Bay, before departing on her sixth visit to the FESR on 31 January, in the company of sister ship Vampire. The Australian ships participated in SEATO Exercise Sea Serpent in late April and early May. The two Darings returned to Sydney on 3 August. Voyager then sailed to Williamstown Naval Dockyard in Victoria for a major refit, which lasted from 12 August to 31 December. The destroyer returned to Sydney on 25 January 1964, then proceeded to Jervis Bay on 7 February.
Collision and loss
On 10 February 1964, Voyager was performing trials off Jervis Bay, under the command of Captain Duncan Stevens, following the Williamstown refit. The aircraft carrier , under the command of Captain John Robertson, was also undergoing post-refit trials off Jervis Bay. The trials involved interactions between both ships, and when Melbourne performed night flying exercises that evening, Voyager acted as the carrier's plane guard escort. This required Voyager to maintain a position 20° off Melbournes port quarter at a distance from the carrier of .
During the early part of the evening, Voyager had no difficulties maintaining her position during the manoeuvres both ships performed. Following a series of turns intended to reverse the courses of both ships beginning at 8:40 pm, Voyager ended up to starboard of Melbourne. At 8:52 pm, Voyager was ordered to resume the plane guard station. The procedure to accomplish this required Voyager to turn away from Melbourne in a large circle, cross the carrier's stern, then take position off Melbournes port side. Instead, Voyager first turned to starboard, away from Melbourne, then turned to port without warning. It was initially assumed by Melbournes bridge crew that Voyager was conducting a series of tight turns to lose speed before swinging behind Melbourne, but Voyager did not alter course again.
At 8:55 pm, with Voyager still turning to port, Melbournes navigator ordered the carrier's engines to half astern speed, with Robertson ordering an increase to full astern a few seconds later. At the same time, Stevens, returning to Voyagers bridge from the nearby chart table, gave the order "Full ahead both engines. Hard a-starboard.", before instructing the destroyer's Quartermaster to announce that a collision was imminent. Both ships' measures were too late to avoid a collision; Melbourne hit Voyager at 8:56 pm.
Melbourne struck just aft of Voyagers bridge structure, rolling the destroyer to starboard before cutting her in half. Voyagers forward boiler exploded, briefly setting fire to the bow of the carrier before it was extinguished by seawater. The destroyer's forward section sank quickly, due to the weight of the two gun turrets. The aft section did not begin sinking until half an hour after the collision, and did not completely submerge until just after midnight. Messages were sent to the Fleet Headquarters in Sydney immediately after the collision, although staff in Sydney initially underestimated the extent of the damage to Voyager. Melbourne launched her boats almost immediately after the collision to recover survivors, and the carrier's wardroom and C Hangar were prepared for casualties. At 9:58 pm, Melbourne was informed that search-and-rescue boats from , helicopters from (Naval Air Station Nowra), and five s had been despatched to assist in the search.
Of the 314 personnel aboard Voyager at the time of the collision, 14 officers and 67 sailors were killed, including Stevens and all but two of the bridge crew. A civilian dockyard worker also lost his life. The wreck of the destroyer lies in of water, from Point Perpendicular on a bearing of 120°.
Investigation
A Royal Commission into the events of the collision was held in 1964, and found that while Voyager was primarily at fault for neglecting to maintain an effective lookout and awareness of the larger ship's location, Melbournes bridge crew was also at fault for failing to alert Voyager and not taking measures to avoid the collision. The Royal Commission and its aftermath were poorly handled, and following pressure from the public, media and politicians, combined with revelations by Voyagers former executive officer that Stevens may have been unfit for command, a second Royal Commission was opened in 1967. This is the only time in Australian history that two Royal Commissions have been held for a single incident. The second commission found that Stevens was medically unfit for command, and that some of the findings of the first Royal Commission were therefore based on incorrect assumptions.
Honours and memorials
Chief Petty Officer Jonathan Rogers was posthumously awarded the George Cross for his actions during the sinking. Recognising that he was too large to fit through the escape hatch, he organised the evacuation of those who could escape, then led those stuck in the compartment in prayers and hymns as they died. Posthumous Albert Medals for Lifesaving were awarded to Midshipman Kerry Marien and Electrical Mechanic William Condon for their actions in saving other Voyager personnel at the cost of their own lives. The awards were listed in the 19 March 1965 issue of the London Gazette, along with one George Medal, five British Empire Medals for Gallantry, and three Queen's Commendations for Brave Conduct for Voyager personnel.
Memorial parks were established at Huskisson, New South Wales and East Hills, New South Wales. The latter park became part of the suburb of Voyager Point, New South Wales, which was originally an estate in East Hills accommodating the spouses and children of RAN personnel. Memorials were also erected at the RAN training establishment and the Devonport Maritime Museum. A memorial plaque is dedicated to the Tasmanian officers and men lost with HMAS Voyager at the Tasmanian Seafarers' Memorial at Triabunna on the east coast of Tasmania, approximately north-east of Hobart.
See also
List of disasters in Australia by death toll
Melbourne-Evans collision
, a US Navy cruiser involved in a similar collision
Citations
References
Books
Websites
Shipwrecks of the Shoalhaven Region
Daring-class destroyers (1949) of the Royal Australian Navy
Ships built in New South Wales
1952 ships
Ships sunk in collisions
Maritime incidents in 1964
Stefan Morjean (born 17 March 1960) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in four editions of the Tour de France.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
People from Zwevegem
Cyclists from West Flanders
Dmitri Dmitriyevich Naumkin (; born 24 July 1976) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. With Olga Sharutenko, he is the 1995 World Junior champion, a two-time Nebelhorn Trophy champion (1995 and 1997), the 1996 Karl Schäfer Memorial, and a two-time Winter Universiade champion (1997 and 1999).
Career
Naumkin began skating in 1980.
Partnership with Sharutenko
Naumkin skated in partnership with Olga Sharutenko for fifteen years, training twice daily, six days a week during their competitive career. In November 1994, the duo won gold at the 1995 World Junior Championships in Budapest, ahead of France's Stéphanie Guardia / Franck Laporte.
Sharutenko/Naumkin moved up to the senior level in the 1995–96 season, taking gold at the 1995 Nebelhorn Trophy, silver at Czech Skate, and bronze at the Lysiane Lauret Challenge. Making their Champions Series (Grand Prix) debut, they placed 7th at the 1995 NHK Trophy.
The following season, Sharutenko/Naumkin were awarded gold at the 1996 Karl Schäfer Memorial and bronze at the 1996 Skate Israel. In the absence of Oksana Grishuk / Evgeni Platov and Anjelika Krylova / Oleg Ovsiannikov, they won silver at the 1997 Russian Championships behind Irina Lobacheva / Ilia Averbukh. They concluded their season with gold at the 1997 Winter Universiade in Jeonju, South Korea, ahead of fellow Russians Nina Ulanova / Mikhail Stifunin.
During the next two seasons, Sharutenko/Naumkin finished off the Russian national podium but won gold at the 1997 Nebelhorn Trophy and 1999 Winter Universiade. They competed together until the end of the 1998–99 season, coached by Alexei Gorshkov.
Post-competitive career
Naumkin coaches skating in Yekaterinburg. In December 2013, he was named the president of the Figure Skating Federation of Sverdlovsk Oblast for the next four years.
Competitive highlights
GP: Champions Series / Grand Prix
With Sharutenko
References
Navigation
Russian male ice dancers
Living people
1976 births
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 1997 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 1999 Winter Universiade
Callimetopus bilineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Vives in 2015.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2015
Copromorpha is a genus of moths in the family Copromorphidae.
Species
Copromorpha aeruginea Meyrick, 1917
Copromorpha bryanthes Meyrick 1926
Copromorpha cryptochlora Meyrick, 1930
Copromorpha dialithoma Diakonoff 1967
Copromorpha efflorescens Meyrick 1906
†Copromorpha fossilis Jarzembowski 1980 (extinct)
Copromorpha gypsota Meyrick 1886
Copromorpha hyphantria Diakonoff 1984
Copromorpha kijimuna Nasu, Saito & Komai, 2004
Copromorpha lichenitis (Turner, 1916)
Copromorpha lignisquama Diakonoff 1954
Copromorpha macrolepis Diakonoff 1959
Copromorpha mesobactris Meyrick, 1930
Copromorpha metallistis Meyrick 1906
Copromorpha mistharnis Diakonoff 1968
Copromorpha myrmecias Meyrick 1930
Copromorpha narcodes Meyrick 1916
Copromorpha nesographa Meyrick 1926
Copromorpha orthidias Meyrick 1927
Copromorpha phaeosticta Turner 1916
Copromorpha phytochroa Diakonoff 1953
Copromorpha pleurophanes Meyrick 1905
Copromorpha pyrrhoscia Meyrick 1935
Copromorpha roepkei Diakonoff 1953
Copromorpha smaragdarcha Diakonoff 1967
Copromorpha tetrarcha Meyrick 1916
Copromorpha thrombota Meyrick 1916
Former species
Copromorpha prasinochroa Meyrick 1906
References
Meyrick, 1886 . Trans. R. ent. Soc. Lond. 1886 : 281
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera genus database
Hasting Moths
External links
images at boldsystems.org
Copromorphidae
Moth genera
Kocalar, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Crossroads Caring Scotland is a national charity which exists to support carers in Scotland, through the provision of respite care and other forms of practical support. The organisation was established in 1978 and began providing services during the following year.
Care staff provide relief for the carer by taking over caring responsibilities for short periods, allowing the carer to have a break from their caring role. There are 47 Crossroads services throughout Scotland, supported by the national office based in George Square, Glasgow.
History
Crossroads owes its existence to the tea-time soap opera of the same name. A story line involving one of the programme's main characters, Sandy Richardson, saw the son of the hotel boss become paraplegic as a result of a road accident. During their research, producers consulted with local people with disabilities and found that there was little or no support for their carers - many of whom seldom received any form of break from their role. The programme makers provided a grant to establish the first ever service, in Rugby in 1974, from which a large network of similar projects grew to provide cover for much of England and Wales.
The idea of a Scottish sister organisation was first mooted in 1978 and was taken forward by Jimmy Whittle, a retired accountant and one time professional footballer with Hearts.
Crossroads Caring Scotland has no formal ties with Crossroads England and Wales.
National context
The national organisation exists to promote, develop and enhance the services provided by a network of local services covering all but 5 Scottish local authorities. The organisation works alongside the Scottish Government and other national caring organisations. It has been involved in a series of government sponsored committees, has contributed to guidance to local authorities on carer services and was involved in the Carers Legislation Working Group which led to carers becoming identified in Scottish law as 'Key Partners in Care'.
Carers are viewed by the government as an important resource and in recent years have been given increasing recognition in health and social care policy. Since devolution in 1999 legislation and policy for caregivers has been developed by the former Scottish Executive (now Scottish Government).
Carers in Scotland are regarded as ‘partners' in the provision of care. As a result, support services provided to carers are regarded as part of the overall package of care to the person being looked after. This means that carers are not seen as service users and are therefore not responsible for the cost of any service provided. The exception to this is when a carer is looking after their partner; in that situation their income may be taken into account during a financial assessment.
This situation is different from that which exists in England where carers are viewed as services users in their own right and as such are liable for the cost of services provided. Yet, in many cases, it is not the carer who actually needs the service; it is the person being cared for who needs it because of their illness or disability.
Controversy
In 2017 the charity was named by the UK the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy as one of a number which had failed to pay its staff the national minimum wage.
References
External links
Crossroads Caring Scotland
Charities based in Scotland
Organizations established in 1978
1978 establishments in Scotland
Inocência Luciano dos Santos Mata is a Lisbon-based essayist and academic from São Tomé and Príncipe. Her work as a professor and researcher at the University of Lisbon's School of Letters is focused on Portuguese-language literature and post-colonial studies.
She is a founding member of the National Union of Writers and Artists of São Tomé and Príncipe, as well as a corresponding member of the Lisbon Academy of Sciences, Class of Letters.
Biography
Inocência Mata was born in what is now São Tomé and Príncipe, on the island of Príncipe. Her family was from both Angola and São Tomé and Príncipe, with some Romani and Northeast Brazilian roots. She attended grade school in Príncipe and in Angola.
After moving to Portugal in 1980, she obtained a Ph.D. in letters from the University of Lisbon and a post-doctoral degree in post-colonial studies, identity, ethnicity, and globalization from the University of California, Berkeley. Her focus on this discipline has continued in her work as a researcher and professor at the University of Lisbon's School of Letters, in the area of Literatures, Arts, and Cultures. She is also involved in the university's Center for Comparative Studies.
Mata has served as a guest professor at several other universities, including the University of Macau, where she was a deputy director of the Portuguese Department until 2017.
Among various other professional associations, Mata is a founding member of the National Union of Writers and Artists of São Tomé and Príncipe.
She is the author of nearly a dozen books on Portuguese-language literature and post-colonial studies, beginning with Literatura Angolana: Silêncios e Falas de uma Voz Inquieta in 2001.
Mata, who remains a citizen of São Tomé and Príncipe, is a corresponding member of the Lisbon Academy of Sciences, Class of Letters. In 2015, she was the recipient of the Portuguese Femina Prize for her work teaching Portuguese-language literature.
In 2020, Mata joined several dozen other African intellectuals in writing an open letter calling on African leaders to pursue structural change in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Selected works
Literatura Angolana: Silêncios e Falas de uma Voz Inquieta (2001)
A Suave Pátria: Reflexões político-culturais sobre a sociedade são-tomense (2004)
Laços de Memória & Outros Ensaios sobre Literatura Angolana (2006)
A Literatura Africana e a Crítica Pós-colonial: Reconversões (2007, republished 2013)
Polifonias Insulares: Cultura e Literatura de São Tomé e Príncipe (2010)
Ficção e História na Literatura Angola: O Caso de Pepetela (2010, republished 2011)
Francisco José Tenreiro: As Múltiplas Faces de um Intelectua (2011)
A Rainha Nzinga Mbandi: História, Memória e Mito (2012)
Colonial/Post-Colonial: Writing as Memory in Literature (2012, with Fernanda Gil Costa)
A Casa (dos) Estudantes do Império e o lugar da literatura na consciencialização política (2015)
References
São Tomé and Príncipe women writers
Postcolonial theorists
Portuguese women academics
University of Lisbon alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
People from Príncipe
1957 births
Living people
Members of the Lisbon Academy of Sciences
University of Lisbon faculty
On the Edge: Political Cults Right and Left is a non-fiction book about political cults, written by Dennis Tourish and Tim Wohlforth.
Main points
On the Edge discusses the role of 'cults' and political cults in politics, as well as describing some of the history involving individuals such as Lyndon LaRouche and Fred Newman. Other individuals and groups discussed include Marlene Dixon, the Christian Identity movement, Posse Comitatus, Re-evaluation Counseling, Synanon, and Aryan Nation. Additionally, the book discusses actions of Trotskyist groups, such as the CWI in the United Kingdom particularly those led by Ted Grant and Gerry Healy.
Authors
Tourish is a professor of Leadership and Organisation Studies at Royal Holloway, University of London and was a leading member of the Irish wing of Militant group from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s. He has recently published a new book: 'The Dark Side of Transformational Leadership: A Critical Perspective', in which he revisits some of his earlier criticisms of the Militant group. Wohlforth was the author of The Prophet's Children: Travels on the American Left (1995) about his experiences in American Trotskyism from the 1950s through the 1970s; he was also an author of detective fiction. He was the leader from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s of a United States Trotskyist group, the Workers League, which was affiliated with the UK-based Workers Revolutionary Party (one of the groups profiled in On the Edge).
Reviews
In his review of On the Edge, Bob Pitt, editor of the online Marxist journal WhatNext and a former member of one of the groups profiled in the book, the Workers Revolutionary Party (WRP), stated that the "central purpose of the book is to mount a slanderous attack on the revolutionary left, which often goes further than anything you might read in even the most anti-socialist sections of the bourgeois press." Pitt describes the authors as "two embittered former members of far left groups."
Pitt states that the authors "seem immune to the idea that far left sects – even the most cult-like – can occasionally play some kind of progressive role in wider society."
In the same review, however, Pitt stated that in the case of one leftist group profiled in the book, his own former WRP, "there are grounds for viewing it as a type of cult. It featured a ruthlessly authoritarian internal regime presided over by an all-powerful, all-knowing leader, who maintained his position by subjecting cadres to psychological manipulation and physical and sexual abuse." Pitt also termed the Lyndon LaRouche organization an "actual cult."
In 2003, WhatNext? republished the 1998 article by Tourish from the Cultic Studies Journal which had served as the basis for the chapter of On the Edge on one of the leaders of Militant tendency, Ted Grant (The Lonely Passion of Ted Grant). Pitt criticized this On the Edge chapter in his review by stating: "When it comes to the Militant Tendency, the authors' attempt to apply the cult paradigm breaks down. A moment's consideration would reveal that the notion of Ted Grant presiding over a regime comparable to Healy's is laughable."
The What Next? reprint of Tourish included a lengthy new introduction by him defending On the Edge and stating: "Some people have objected to the term "cult", even if they agreed with the substantive points that the paper makes about the Militant tendency's internal regime. This is unfortunate. The word cult is not a term of abuse, as this paper tries to explain. It is nothing more than a shorthand expression for a particular set of practices that have been observed in a variety of dysfunctional organisations."
Nevertheless, Pitt argues that Tourish's application of the word cult "expands the definition of the term to the point where it becomes pretty well useless."
References
External links
Official site, Publisher, with comments from Robert Jay Lifton, Chip Berlet, and Michael D. Langone.
Cults, Sects and the Far Left, Book review by Bob Pitt of On the Edge published in What Next? number 17, 2000.
Ideological Intransigence, Democratic Centralism and Cultism: A Case Study by Dennis Tourish published in What Next? number 27, 2003.
See also
Clouds Blur the Rainbow
2000 non-fiction books
Books about cults
Political books
The Haixun-class cutter (Type 718 Cutter) is a single-ship class of cutter used by the China Coast Guard. A single ship, 1001 Haijing, was launched in 2006 and performs law enforcement patrols from Shanghai to protect Chinese sovereignty. It is the coast guard's most modern vessel.
References
China Coast Guard ships
2006 ships
The Malvern Gazette is a weekly tabloid newspaper published every Friday in Malvern, England. Its offices are based in Hylton Road, Worcester. The newspaper covers events across the county of Worcestershire as well as some on the outskirts of Herefordshire. There is also a sister title, the Ledbury Reporter, which in 2018 had an average circulation of about 1850 copies per issue.
The newspaper is owned by Newsquest Media Group.
References
External links
Malvern Gazette
Publications established in 1855
Newspapers published in Worcestershire
Malvern, Worcestershire
Newspapers published by Newsquest
Weekly newspapers published in the United Kingdom
1855 establishments in England
Jacob Lantei Otanka "Jake" Obetsebi-Lamptey (4 February 1946 – 20 March 2016) was a Ghanaian politician and advertising businessman.
Early life and education
Jake was born on February 4 1946 in Accra, Ghana, the second son of Emmanuel Obetsebi-Lamptey (a prominent lawyer and politician) and his Dutch wife Margaretha, Jake Obetsebi-Lamptey had his primary education in Accra, before travelling to England to further his education.
Career
In 1966, he began work as a radio and TV scriptwriter, commentator and presenter at the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation (GBC). In 1969, he joined Lintas West African, an advertising firm, as an account executive and radio and television producer. As Client Service Manager of Lintas in Ghana in 1971, he wrote, co-ordinated and executed Family Planning, Motivation Campaign for the Ghana National Family Planning Programme. Obetsebi-Lamptey was appointed General Manager of Lintas in Ghana in 1974 and thereafter worked on a number of programmes for the company and others in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Kenya.
From 1984 to 1999, he worked with the World Health Organization (WHO). Obetsebi-Lamptey was the Plenary Speaker at the World Summit on AIDS, London, and Second International Symposium on the disease in Yaoundé, Cameroon. He is a past president of the Advertising Association of Ghana, and has several publications to his credit, covering topics from family planning to AIDS prevention in Africa.
Political career
From 2005 to July 2007, Obetsebi-Lamptey served as Minister of Tourism and Diasporan Relations in the cabinet of President John Kufuor. Previously Obetsebi-Lamptey was Minister of Tourism and Modernization of the Capital from 2003 to 2005 and Minister for Presidential Affairs(Chief of Staff) from 2001 to 2003. He was the National Campaign Manager of the victorious New Patriotic Party (NPP) during the 2000 Presidential elections, which saw the first constitutional (civilian-to-civilian) transition of power in that country.
He resigned his posts in July 2007 to campaign for the NPP nomination for the 2008 Presidential elections. As of February 2010, he was the National Chairman of the NPP.
Death
Obetsebi-Lamptey died at a hospital in London on 20 March 2016 at the age of 70. He had been suffering from leukemia and in December had received treatment in South Africa after becoming unwell.
See also
Kufuor government
References
External links
President Jake Otanka Obetsebi-Lamptey?
allAfrica.com article
1946 births
2016 deaths
People from Accra
Ga-Adangbe people
New Patriotic Party politicians
Government ministers of Ghana
Ghanaian people of Dutch descent
The Gooseville Mill/Grist Mill is a historic mill on the North Branch Milwaukee River in Gooseville, Wisconsin. The mill was built in 1879 to replace an 1855 mill that had burned down. The mill is a small custom mill with board and batten siding and is typical of the custom mills common in Sheboygan County in the 1800s. A Lefel turbine powered the mill, replacing the paddle wheel used in the 1855 mill. A burr mill was used to grind the grain processed at the mill. As of 1984, the mill was still operational and occasionally used as a sawmill.
The mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
References
Grinding mills on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
Industrial buildings completed in 1879
Buildings and structures in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin
Grinding mills in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin
1879 establishments in Wisconsin
Butler Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic church at 1002 N. Church Street in Tuskegee, Alabama. Built in 1957, it was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1985 and the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It was an important location associated with the civil rights movement of the 1950s and '60s.
The church was founded by Rev. John M. Butler in late 1865. There were at least two earlier church buildings, built in 1867 and 1887, respectively. A shanty on the grounds of the church was the birthplace of Tuskegee Normal School, now Tuskegee University, on July 4, 1881.
References
African Methodist Episcopal Zion churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Macon County, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1957
Churches in Macon County, Alabama
Properties on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage
Luiz Filipe dos Reis Silva (born 28 May 2001), commonly known as Luiz Filipe, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Série A side Goiás, on loan from Atlético Mineiro.
Club career
Born in Carmésia, Luiz Filipe began his career at Atlético Mineiro and made his professional debut for the club on 26 June 2021, after coming on in the 69th minute for Keno in their 2–0 loss to Santos in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
On 4 April 2022, Luiz Filipe joined Goiás on loan for the remainder of the season.
Career statistics
Honours
Atlético Mineiro
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A: 2021
Copa do Brasil: 2021
Campeonato Mineiro: 2021, 2022
Supercopa do Brasil: 2022
Campeonato Brasileiro Sub-20: 2020
References
External links
Living people
2001 births
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Goiás Esporte Clube players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
The Jonathon Keyes Sr. House, also known incorrectly in town histories as the Solomon Keyes House, is a historic house at 16 Frances Hill Road in Westford, Massachusetts. It was probably built in the mid-18th century, and is one of the town's oldest surviving buildings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2019.
Description and history
The Jonathon Keyes Sr. House is located in a residential setting in eastern Westford, on the east side of Frances Hill Road just north of Hunt Road. It is a -story timber-frame structure, with a gabled roof and clapboarded exterior. A large brick chimney rises from the center of the roof. The main facade is three bays wide, with sash windows arranged symmetrically around the main entrance. The second-floor windows are butted against the roof eave, a common Georgian feature. The main entrance is sheltered by a projecting gable-roofed vestibule. The building's interior follows a typical central-chimney plan, with the entry vestibule that has a narrow winding stair in front of the chimney. Most of the building's styling is Federal, but construction features such as gunstock posts indicate an earlier (17th or early 18th century) construction date.
For many years, local historians believed this house to be the work of Solomon Keyes (d. 1702), one of Westford's early settlers. However, its accessible construction elements show no evidence of First Period construction, suggesting it was built by one of his descendants. The building is definitely mentioned in a late 18th-century deed. It was originally built as a saltbox colonial, but its rear leanto section was raised to a full two stories, most likely in the late 18th century. The house was sold out of the Keyes family in 1898.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Georgian architecture in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Westford, Massachusetts
Rory Cowlam (born 27 August 1992), otherwise known as Rory the Vet, is a British veterinary surgeon, writer and television personality, who rose to prominence through the CBBC documentary series The Pets Factor. He currently works as a vet in South London and is a co-founder of veterinary app VidiVet, alongside his media career. In August 2020 his autobiography, “The Secret Life of A Vet”, was released, in which he shines a light on mental health in the veterinary profession. He is currently the resident vet for Blue Peter.
An ambassador for the RSPCA and Streetvet, he is known for his strong stance on sustainability and animal welfare.
Early life
Rory Alexander Cowlam was born in Ascot, but moved to the Cotswolds aged four, with his parents and younger sister. There he grew up surrounded by animals, to which he attributes his lifelong passion for them. He attended Marling School in Stroud, before going to study veterinary medicine at The Royal Veterinary College in London.
Career
Veterinary
Cowlam's first vet job was at an animal hospital in Kent, doing shift work. He then moved to a practice in South London, where he currently works as one of the leading surgeons, specialising in soft tissue operations.
Television
In 2017 Cowlam landed a leading role in the CBBC documentary series, The Pets Factor, which follows the work of him and four other vets. Since then he has featured on several television shows and documentaries providing veterinary advice and insights, including Lorraine, Sky News and on Channel 5, as well as on various radio programs. Since 2019 he has been the resident vet for Blue Peter, with regular appearances on the show.
Writing
In August 2020 Cowlam's debut book, “The Secret Life of a Vet” was published by Hodder & Stoughton. This autobiographical work details his journey to becoming a vet, with a particular focus on mental health in the veterinary profession.
References
English veterinarians
BBC television presenters
21st-century English writers
People from Ascot, Berkshire
Living people
1992 births
The Princess Theatre, located at 29–33 Market Street, Fremantle, Australia, was built in 1912. It closed in 1969 and is now used for offices and retail businesses.
History
The theatre was built on the site of an old warehouse that was demolished. It was purpose built 1912 for Captain Frank Biddles (1851-1932) (a master pearler from Broome, who had semi-retired to Fremantle in 1902). It was designed by a local architect, John McNeece, and built by Mr C. Moore, at a cost of £22,000. The theatre, with a seating capacity of 1,850, was opened on 21 December 1912 by the Mayor of Fremantle, Frederick James McLaren. The opening night included a screening of The French Spy and vaudeville performances by Miss Elsie McGuire. Until 1914 the theatre was managed by Thomas Coombe. Coombe then lost contact with the building as the management changed as a new cinema opened but he returned in 1917 to take over the business.
In 1915, Captain Biddles made the basement of the Princess Theatre available to provide amenities for army and naval personnel. This was the early beginnings of the RSA, later to become known as the Returned and Services League of Australia (RSL). A more permanent structure was built the following year nearby.
The building was extensively reconstructed in 1941 and the auditorium lost its original 1912 décor. On 26 June 1969, the Princess Theatre closed, and the building was converted to commercial uses.
The building was classified by the National Trust of Australia in May 1974 and placed on the Register of National Estate in March 1978.
The ground floor is currently occupied by Kakulas Sister and a hairdressing salon. The upper floors are occupied by various small businesses including architecture firms PardoeDesign and Harris Design Group, developers Yolk, and short term creative co-working studio FSpace. The basement is not used as it is below sea level and flooded (if not pumped out).
See also
List of heritage places in Fremantle
References
Fremantle West End Heritage area
Theatres completed in 1912
Theatres in Western Australia
Culture in Perth, Western Australia
Federation style architecture
Market Street, Fremantle
1912 establishments in Australia
State Register of Heritage Places in the City of Fremantle
Bodway is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, UK. It is situated southeast of the village of Menheniot, within the civil parish of the same name. According to the Post Office, the 2011 census population was included in the civil parish of St Ive.
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Bruno Bruyere (born 31 December 1965) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1988 Tour de France.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists from Brussels
Jenő Gáspár (19 June 1896 – 2 January 1945) was a Hungarian track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 he finished fifth in the high jump competition. He was killed in action during World War II.
References
External links
1896 births
1945 deaths
Hungarian male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Hungarian civilians killed in World War II
The University of Utah presidents include all sixteen men and women who served as president of the University of Utah or its predecessor the University of Deseret, which was founded in 1850 just a few years after the Mormon Pioneers arrived in the Salt Lake Valley.
List of presidents
According to the university's official count the current president, Taylor Randall, is the 17th president of the University. The university only counts the presidents that have served since the name was officially changed to the University of Utah, starting with John R. Park. The count also only counts the presidents, not the actual terms, because Joseph T. Kingsbury was president two different times.
Timeline of presidential terms
References
Charles Ford was an American politician who served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1966 to 1982 and the Oklahoma Senate from 1982 to 2005.
Ford holds the record as the longest serving Republican member of the Oklahoma Legislature. He was the second longest serving member of the Oklahoma Legislature behind Democratic State Senator Gene Stipe.
Ford also served in leadership roles during his tenure such as House minority whip from 1969 to 1970, House minority floor leader from 1971 to 1972, House assistant minority floor leader from 1979 to 1981, and minority leader in the Senate from 1991 to 1992.
References
21st-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Oklahoma state senators
Oklahoma Republicans
Roberts Pike () is a peak rising to 1,630 m, 5 nautical miles (9 km) southeast of Mount Tuatara in the Churchill Mountains. The culmination of several ridgelines, the summit commands a view of the drainage areas of Judith Glacier, Entrikin Glacier, and Couzens Bay. It was named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after John "J.R." Roberts, a New Zealand mountaineer and field guide in 12 Antarctic seasons with United States Antarctic Program (USAP), 1987–88 to 2000–01, the last season in Churchill Mountains including work at this peak.
Mountains of Oates Land
Gurucharan Naik (1919-1986) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Keonjhar in Odisha as a member of the Swatantra Party.
References
External links
Official Biographical Sketch in Lok Sabha Website
Lok Sabha members from Odisha
India MPs 1967–1970
1919 births
1986 deaths
Charles Henry Sexton (15 September 1906 – June 1994) was a British international sports shooter.
Sports shooting career
He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He represented England and won a gold medal in the 50 metres free pistol, at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica.
References
1906 births
1994 deaths
British male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Great Britain
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Essex
Shooters at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
In clinical cardiology the term "diastolic function" is most commonly referred as how the heart fills. Parallel to "diastolic function", the term "systolic function" is usually referenced in terms of the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), which is the ratio of stroke volume and end-diastolic volume. Due to the epidemic of heart failure, particularly the cases determined as diastolic heart failure, it is increasingly urgent and crucial to understand the meaning of “diastolic function”. Unlike "systolic function", which can be simply evaluated by LVEF, there are no established dimensionless parameters for "diastolic function" assessment. Hence to further study "diastolic function" the complicated and speculative physiology must be taken into consideration.
How the heart works during its filling period still has many misconceptions remaining. To better understand diastolic function, it is crucial to realize that the left ventricle is a mechanical suction pump at, and for a little while after, the mitral valve opening. In other words, when mitral valve opens, the atrium does not push blood into the ventricle, instead, it is the ventricle that mechanically "sucks" in blood from the atrium. The energy that drives the suction process is generated from phase of systole. During systole, to overcome the peripheral arterial load at ejection, ventricle contracts, which also compresses elastic tissues internal to and external to the myocardium. Then, when cardiac muscle relaxes, the energy captured by compressed elements releases, driving the recoil of ventricular wall until a new balanced equilibrium state is reached.
During diastole, the ventricle of heart must remain elastic or compliant enough and have capacity to hold incoming blood to guarantee effectiveness of the filling phase. Hence stiffness and relaxation are ventricle's intrinsic feature parameters that are practical in evaluating and quantifying diastolic function. In addition, volumetric load serves as an extrinsic indicating parameter that modulates diastolic function.
Measurement
The most established index to describe left ventricular diastolic function is Tau, left ventricular diastolic time constant. Measurement of Tau is traditionally delivered in a catheter lab by an invasive method. Recently, non-invasive measurement of Tau is available for mitral regurgitation or aortic regurgitation patients in an Echo lab.
There have been many attempts intending for extracting both intrinsic and extrinsic properties. Early attempts concentrated on pulse-wave Doppler-echo measured trans-mitral flow velocity contours.
In terms of filling, diastolic intervals consist of early rapid filling E-waves followed by diastasis and followed by atrial systole-generated A-waves. Empirically, E- and A- wave contours were simplified as triangles. Nowadays, triangle-based indexes, such as the peak velocities of the E- and A-waves and ratio of them, the deceleration time and time duration of the E-wave, and the velocity time integral of both E- and A- waves, are usually measured and evaluated.
The triangular approach applies to E-wave shape conveniently, especially in the past when the images rendered by technology back in days are of poor resolution quality. Nevertheless, with rapidly improving temporal resolution and image processing capabilities, the curvature of E-wave contours can be clearly identified with detailed information revealed.
Due to advancement of modern medical imaging technology, the measurement of even smaller (i.e. tissue) velocities are possible to be made, which even leads to capability to measure the longitudinal displacements of the mitral annulus. The shapes of mitral annular velocity contours used to be approximated to be triangles, whose peak height is label to be E'. E' proved useful in selected patient populations for estimation of end-diastolic pressure (EDP).
Other innovative imaging modalities consist of techniques such as speckle tracking. Speckle tracking enables strain and strain-rate measurements. It is a relatively recent instance of technological progress, due to the fact that it relies on the information content inherent in the seemingly random arrangement of bright speckles present in all echocardiographic images. Even though a variety of echo-based imaging technologies represent multiple levels of research innovation, much remains to be studied in relation to how to interpret the recorded data embedded in images.
References
Cardiology
The multivariate ENSO index, abbreviated as MEI, is a method used to characterize the intensity of an El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO) event. Given that ENSO arises from a complex interaction of a variety of climate systems, MEI is regarded as the most comprehensive index for monitoring ENSO since it combines analysis of multiple meteorological and oceanographic components.
Overview
MEI is determined as the first principal component of six different parameters: sea level pressure, zonal and meridional components of the surface wind, sea surface temperature, surface air temperature and cloudiness using data from the International Comprehensive Ocean-Atmosphere Data Set (ICOADS ). MEI is calculated twelve times per year for each “sliding bi-monthly season”, characterized as January–February, February–March, March–April, and so on. Large positive MEI values indicate the occurrence of El Niño conditions, while large negative MEI values indicate the occurrence of La Niña conditions.
Extended MEI
While the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has recorded MEI values from 1950 to the present, various researchers have cited the need for data before 1950 in order to better characterize typical ENSO behavior versus unusual occurrences that may be a result of climate change. According to some sources, it is inadvisable to attempt to calculate MEI before 1950 given that environmental measurements were unreliable during the World Wars and there was a revolution in virtually all meteorological measurement methods on ships during the 1940s. However, a module known as “Extended MEI” or “MEI.ext” has been created that estimates MEI values from as far back as 1871. This was accomplished by using reconstructed data on sea level pressure and sea surface temperature, the two components thought to be most influential to determining MEI. Plots comparing MEI and MEI.ext values have shown that data from both methods are highly correlated, supporting the accuracy and effectiveness of MEI.ext.
Alternate indexes
Southern Oscillation Index
The Southern Oscillation Index (SOI) is calculated based on the sea level pressure difference between Tahiti and Darwin, Australia. Despite being used frequently in ENSO studies, it is not considered as reliable as MEI given that it only takes into account one environmental variable.
Niño 3.4 SST
Similar to SOI, Niño 3.4 SST uses one parameter – sea surface temperature – to characterize ENSO. The Niño 3.4 SST region consists of temperature measurements from between 5° N – 5° S and 120° – 170° W.
Coupled ENSO Index
The Coupled ENSO Index (CEI) uses a combination of both the SOI and Niño 3.4 SST to account for both an atmospheric and oceanic component.
Proxy-based ENSO Index
Developed by Braganza, et al., 2009, this index uses coral, tree ring and ice core data to characterize ENSO events from 1525 – 1982. The proxy ENSO index covers a wide area across the Pacific, and includes data from the western and central Pacific, New Zealand, and subtropical North America. Although the proxy ENSO index covers a large time scale of over four centuries, it shows high correlation (> 40%) with the SOI, Niño 3.4 SST and CEI, indicating its accuracy and utility.
References
Tropical meteorology
Regional climate effects
The Perth Prohibited Area was an area of the metropolitan area in Perth, Western Australia that Aboriginal people were not permitted to enter without a permit. The prohibition was in force from 1927 to 1954, and covered approximately wholly within the boundaries of the City of Perth. The ban was instigated by A. O. Neville, the protector of Aborigines, and proclaimed under the Aborigines Act 1905 (WA) in 1927.
Aboriginal people working in the city had to leave by 6pm or face the threat of arrest and a fine, or in some cases a custodial sentence. The edict was actively enforced, with the records of the Central Police Office showing 78 indigenous people charged from July 1949 to February 1950. The historian Stephen Kinnane has suggested that Neville did not like the fact that Aboriginals were beating white Australians at competitive events held in White City.
See also
Aboriginal history of Western Australia
Sundown town, the American equivalent
References
History of Perth, Western Australia
History of Indigenous Australians
Anti-indigenous racism in Australia
The Château du Wasigenstein (German: Burg Wasigenstein) is a ruined castle in the commune of Niedersteinbach in the Bas-Rhin département of France.
History
The site was first known as the centre of the German legend of Waltharius in the 10th century. Two castles were built here in the 13th century each dependent on the other.
The complex initially occupied only the eastern part of the castle rock, but was expanded from 1299 and supplemented by a second castle complex on the western part of the rock. Since then, it has been a double castle. The shares in both were held by members of the various lines of the von Wasigenstein family until the middle of the 14th century. When the male line died out, the property passed through heir daughters to the von Fleckenstein and from Hohenburg. They sold their rights to the property piece by piece, or passed parts on as fiefdoms, so that there was a strong fragmentation of ownership. Within 83 years, it was besieged and conquered a total of seven times. The castle, which was probably very dilapidated afterwards, was given up as a residence in the 15th or 16th century. It was damaged by fire in the Thirty Years War and was completely destroyed in the War of the Palatinate Succession and has been in ruins ever since. The castle is state property and has been listed since 1898 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
Key points
at Grand-Wasigenstein, the former cistern, the keep, well-built rooms, etc.
at Petit-Wasigenstein, a habitable keep with a thick walls, an enormous windlass capable of lifting considerable loads
access stairways cut into the rock: a monumental architectural work provided a steep ascent to the summits
a rift fault, separating the two castles ("the fault of Walther")
erosion on the south face of the rocky outcrop
a viewpoint over the Langenbach valley and towards Obersteinbach
Access
From the Wengelsbach pass on the D 190, parking at Wasigenstein, a footpath of the Club Vosgien, signposted with red rectangles, leads to the castle.
See also
List of castles in France
References
Ruined castles in Bas-Rhin
Monuments historiques of Bas-Rhin
Rock castles
The 1917 municipal election was held December 10, 1917, to elect a mayor and seven aldermen to sit on Edmonton City Council and four trustees to sit on each of the public and separate school boards. There were also two plebiscite questions asked.
There were ten aldermen on city council, but three of the positions were already filled: George Pheasey, William Martin, and Charles Grant were all elected to two-year terms in 1916 and were still in office. Thomas Bellamy and James Macfie MacDonald were also elected to two-year terms in 1916, but both resigned to run for mayor; accordingly, Samuel McCoppen and Henri Martin were elected to one-year terms.
There were seven trustees on the public school board, but three of the positions were already filled: Joseph Duggan, C. Frost, and William Rea had all been elected to two-year terms in 1915. The same was true of the separate board, where Joseph Gariépy, M. J. O'Farrell, and G. W. Curtis were all continuing.
The five mayoral candidates were the most in Edmonton's history up to that point.
Voter turnout
There were 7895 ballots cast out of 11271 eligible voters, for a voter turnout of 70.0%.
Results
bold indicates elected
italics indicate incumbent
South Side indicates, where data is available, a representative for Edmonton's South Side, with a minimum South Side representation instituted after the city of Strathcona, south of the North Saskatchewan River, amalgamated into Edmonton on February 1, 1912.
Mayor
Aldermen
Labour = Labour Representation League
Public school trustees
Separate (Catholic) school trustees
Plebiscites
References
Election History, City of Edmonton: Elections and Census Office
1917
1917 elections in Canada
1917 in Alberta
The crested quetzal /ketSAHL/ (Pharomachrus antisianus) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae native to South America, where it is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy
French naturalist Alcide d'Orbigny described the crested quetzal in 1837 as Trogon antisianus. The species name is derived from Antis, a Latinised version of the Andes, ultimately from anti, an Incan word for copper. It is closely related to the resplendent quetzal (P. mocinno).
It is one of five species of the genus Pharomachrus known as quetzals. The term "quetzal" was originally used for just the resplendent quetzal, but is now applied to all members of the genera Pharomachrus and Euptilotis.
Description
Adult birds are long. The head and upperparts of the adult male are metallic green, while its breast and belly are red. Alone among the quetzals, the male has a short crest above its short bill, which is orange. The vent is white. Females have brown heads and upper breast and no crest.
Distribution and habitat
The crested quetzal is found along the Andes from Bolivia through Ecuador, Peru and Colombia to Venezuela, in pristine and mature second-growth forest from in altitude. It has been rated as least concern on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species as it has a large range and its population appears to be stable.
Feeding
The crested quetzal is frugivorous. Adults raising young also catch more nutritious prey such as arthropods and small vertebrates; one such item recorded was the glassfrog species Hyalinobatrachium pallidum.
References
crested quetzal
Birds of the Northern Andes
crested quetzal
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Major General Roger Baldwin Colton (born 15 December 1887 in Jonesboro, Burke County, North Carolina) served as United States Army Air Communications Officer of Technical Services during World War II.
Early life
Roger Colton was the last of the eight brothers and sisters born to his parents of Irish descent. His father died when Colton was only six; his mother died when he was 16. His cousins were already raising his brother, Henry Elliott, and they took him in after the death of his mother.
Education
Colton's cousins sent him to the Taft School from which he graduated at age 19. He later attended Yale University. He graduated from Yale at the age of 22 with a Bachelor of Science degree from the Yale Sheffield School of Science and a membership in the Sigma Xi and Theta Xi<!-definitely an honorary, not the social--> honorary societies.
Military service
General Dwight D. Eisenhower credited Colton for his successful re-organization of the United States Armed Forces and final defeat of the Nazis at Kasserine Pass, and the Invasion of Sicily. This would later earn him a promotion in September 1944 to Major General of the Army. He was awarded the Legion of Merit and the Distinguished Service Medal for his technical and executive skills in development and supplying of vital communications equipment despite critical shortages of materials.
Later career
Following World War II, Colton joined the International Telephone & Telegraph Corporation's Federal Telephone and Radio Corporation division as a vice president. In 1950, he became president of Federal Telecommunications Laboratories, the company's research division.
Death
Colton died January 24, 1978 and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
References
External links
Colton Biographies at Rootsweb Ancestry
Roger Baldwin Colton, Major General at Arlington National Cemetery
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
United States Army generals
1887 births
1978 deaths
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Philishave is the brand name for electric shavers, their spare parts and accessories manufactured by the Philips Domestic Appliances and Personal Care unit of Philips (in the U.S., the Norelco name is used instead). In recent years, Philips had extended the Philishave brand to include hair clippers, beard trimmers and beard shapers. Philips used the Philishave brand name for their shavers from 1939 to 2006.
The Philishave shaver was invented by Philips engineer Alexandre Horowitz, who used rotating cutters instead of the reciprocating cutters that had been used in previous electric shavers.
The shaver was introduced in 1939, though initial production was limited due to the outbreak of World War II (the production facility in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, was overrun by the German Army in 1940). After the war, a slightly improved version of the cigar-shaped single-head shaver was introduced. A more ergonomic egg-shaped single-head model was introduced in 1948 and was designed by US industrial designer Raymond Loewy. Global sales increased markedly after a double-head model was introduced in 1951. In 1952, production of shavers shifted from Eindhoven to a new production facility in Drachten, the Netherlands. Philips currently has two production centres for shavers: Drachten and Zhuhai, China. A triple-head model was test marketed in Australia and New Zealand in 1956, but would not be introduced globally until 1966. In 1980, Philips introduced the Lift & Cut Philishave shaver with lifters which pull whiskers slightly before cutting, allowing for closer shaves.
The brand name Philishave was phased out in 2006 so shavers now bear only the Philips name. Philips is now co-branding their shavers sold in the US as "Philips Norelco" in preparation of a phase-out of the Norelco name.
Philips have celebrated their 80th anniversary in the electric shaver business by marketing special 'Heritage Edition' shaver models reviving the Philishave brand.
Models and parts
According to instructions supplied with the units, the shaving heads need cleaning every 2 months and replacing every 18 months. However, not all Philips spare parts will fit well on all Philips shavers.
Heads are given an "HQ" number, such as HQ2, HQ3, HQ4, HQ5, etc., and this number should normally correspond with the first digit of the model number of the shaver. An exception is the 6000 series which takes HQ8 heads.
Although the heads do look much the same, attempts to fit the wrong HQ number may fail; for example, an HQ5 head will not correctly engage with the spindle on a shaver model designed for an HQ3 or HQ4 head, due to a small extra piece of plastic in the centre of the HQ5 drive socket. Care should therefore be taken when choosing replacement parts.
See also
Philips Consumer Lifestyle
References
External links
Philips shavers official website
Philips products
Products introduced in 1939
Shaving
Dutch inventions
During the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montréal in Canada, the Tunisian team initially competed but then joined a boycott by all but two African nations. The boycott was called due to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) allowing the New Zealand team to participate despite the recent tour of South Africa by the country's rugby union team. Sporting contact with South Africans was banned by the IOC as a consequence of the system of apartheid operated in the country.
Athletes from Cameroon, Egypt, Morocco, and Tunisia competed during the first three days of the Games, from 18 to 20 July, before withdrawing from the Olympics, joining a total of 33 countries mainly from Africa in the boycott.
Boxing
Men
Handball
Men's Team Competition
Mohamed Abdel Khaled
Khaled Achour
Habib Ammar
Ahmed Bechir Bel Hadj
Abderraouf Ben Samir
Moncef Besbes
Raouf Chabchoub
Slaheddine Deguechi
Mohamed Naceur Jelili
Mounir Jelili
Habib Kheder
Lotfi Rebai
Group B
Tunisia withdrew after 2 matches. The results were annulled.
Swimming
Men
Women
References
Official Olympic Reports
sports-reference
1976 in Tunisian sport
Nations at the 1976 Summer Olympics
1976
is a Japanese bobsledder. He competed in the 1972 and 1976 Winter Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
Bobsledders at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Bobsledders at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Japanese male bobsledders
Olympic bobsledders of Japan
Phipps Tower is a 20-story office tower in Buckhead, Atlanta. It is adjacent to the Phipps Plaza shopping center. John Hancock Life Insurance Company owns, manages and leases the building. It is on a plot of land.
History
In 2007, Crescent Resources announced that it wanted to construct an office tower in Buckhead possibly named Phipps Tower. Manulife Financial Corp. and Crescent Resources designed the building. The building was constructed in 2010. Douglas Sams of the Atlanta Business Chronicle. said that the announcement of plans to build the tower "raised eyebrows among Atlanta commercial real estate execs" due to concerns that there is too much office space on the market.
In March 2010 Northwestern Mutual was considering leasing space in the tower. By June of that year the company was completing a leasing deal at the tower. In June 2010, Speakeasy Inc. was the tower's sole tenant, leasing about , and the tower was 3% leased.<ref>Sams, Douglas. "Northwestern Mutual nears deal for space in new Atlanta office tower." 'American City Business Journals. June 14, 2010. Retrieved on May 23, 2013.</ref>
In October 2012 the Atlanta Business Chronicle'' reported that Carter's Inc. was likely to lease in the Phipps Tower for its headquarters. In October 2012 CoStar Group announced that its Atlanta office was moving to the Phipps Tower. It had signed a lease for for 11 years.
In December 2012, Carter's Inc. announced that it was moving its headquarters from The Proscenium in Midtown Atlanta. The lease of of space is one if the largest headquarters leases to have occurred to date. The estimated value if the lease, except for concessions and escalation, was $70 million.
The company consolidated its out of state jobs into the new facility, with 200 additional jobs going to Buckhead. Manulife Financial Corp owns both the Proscenium and the Phipps Tower so Carter's terminated its lease early in one building and moved to the other.
Tenants
Consulate-General of Japan, Atlanta - Suite 850 - Lease of Class A office space
References
External links
Phipps Tower
Skyscraper office buildings in Atlanta
Yonah was a type 4-4-0 steam locomotive that participated in the Great Locomotive Chase of the American Civil War.
Before the Civil War
Built in 1848 by Rogers, Ketchum & Grosvenor in Paterson, New Jersey, the Yonah was the third 4-4-0 locomotive purchased by the Western and Atlantic Railroad. Very little is known about the engine's service life, but it is assumed to have served as a construction train as the railroad was being built from Atlanta, Georgia to Chattanooga, Tennessee, and was believed to have been the first engine to arrive in the latter city.
The engine was likely used for both freight and passenger service for the Western and Atlantic. The Yonah was an example of an early 4-4-0 design, featuring a Haycock firebox design and having its pilot wheels closely spaced with the cylinder placed above at an angle. Thus, the engine was likely relegated to yard service as early as the late 1850s, as the railroad had acquired larger, more powerful locomotives such as the General and the Texas.
Civil War
During the Civil War, the Western and Atlantic had leased the Yonah to the Cooper Iron Works, which operated a short spur to their foundry from a junction at Etowah, Georgia. On April 12, 1862, The General was commandeered by Northerners led by James J. Andrews at Big Shanty (now Kennesaw, Georgia), and passed the Yonah at Etowah as it traveled north towards Chattanooga. Noticing that the Yonah was under full steam and ready for service, the group of raiders aboard the General suggested destroying the engine. However, Andrews declined as he felt doing so would have little impact on the railroad and might draw attention to the raiders and their intentions. Thus, Andrews and his train passed through Etowah without stopping and continued north.
The Yonah was about to make its morning run to the Cooper Works when William Allen Fuller, the conductor whose train had been stolen at Big Shanty, arrived at Etowah. Fuller assumed control of the Yonah, and drove the engine in full steam northward for fifteen miles, arriving in Kingston. Here, Fuller left the Yonah and continued north aboard the Rome Railroad's locomotive, the William R. Smith.
Later career
After the war, the Yonah is believed to have returned to Atlanta, where it was converted into a stationary boiler for the railroad's shop facilities. The W&A's engine roster of January, 1873 listed the engine as "condemned" and "not to appear again on engine roster", and is presumed to have been converted to a stationary engine used to power shop machinery later that year, likely serving in this position until it was eventually scrapped.
References
External links
About North Georgia: The General
The General on its way to the 1964 World's Fair (TrainsAreFun.com)
Official site of the Southern Museum of Civil War and Locomotive History, the current home of the General.
4-4-0 locomotives
Rogers locomotives
Individual locomotives of the United States
Georgia (U.S. state) in the American Civil War
Railway weapons
5 ft gauge locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1848
Great Locomotive Chase
The 1979–80 Danish 1. division season was the 23rd season of ice hockey in Denmark. Eight teams participated in the league, and Vojens IK won the championship. Hvidovre Ishockey was relegated.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1979 in Danish sport
1980 in Danish sport
The WWE ThunderDome was a bio-secure bubble created by the American professional wrestling promotion WWE, in partnership with the full-service fan experience company, The Famous Group. It was launched in August 2020 as a way for professional wrestling fans to attend WWE events virtually during the COVID-19 pandemic. The bubble was a videoconferencing crowd system and arena staging utilized for broadcasts of television shows and pay-per-views of the promotion's Raw and SmackDown brand divisions. It worked by users signing up days before an event, logging in and joining at their allocated call time to be seen on a screen at the event in real time. It was free of charge to spectate an event.
In its 11-month usage, the ThunderDome was hosted at three arenas, all in Florida, United States. Its first residency was at the Amway Center in Orlando from August 21 – December 7, 2020. Due to the start of the 2020–21 ECHL and NBA seasons, WWE relocated the ThunderDome to Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, which began on December 11. Due to the start of the 2021 Tampa Bay Rays season, the ThunderDome was then relocated to its final location of the Yuengling Center in Tampa, which began on April 12, 2021. The final ThunderDome-based broadcast aired on July 15, 2021, due to the company's resumption of live touring for Raw and SmackDown, which began on July 16. The period of time that WWE produced shows from the ThunderDome has been referred to as the "ThunderDome Era."
During the first three months, there were over 130,000 entry requests to access the ThunderDome website, with over 650,000 by March 2021. The WWE ThunderDome earned the "Virtual Fan Experience" award at the 2020 SPORTEL Awards, the award for "Best Tech Innovation During the COVID-19 Pandemic" at the 2021 Cynopsis Sports Media Awards, and the award for "New Product or Launch" at the 2021 Cablefax FAXIES Awards. A similar setup called the Capitol Wrestling Center was utilized for WWE's NXT brand from October 2020 to September 2021.
History
At the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in mid-March 2020, the American professional wrestling promotion WWE moved the majority of its programming for their Raw and SmackDown brands to their WWE Performance Center training facility in Orlando, Florida with no fans in attendance; in late May, the promotion began using Performance Center trainees to serve as the live audience, which was further expanded to friends and family members of the wrestlers in mid-June. On August 17, 2020, WWE announced that they would be relocating to Orlando's Amway Center, where their episodes of Monday Night Raw (and sub-show Main Event), Friday Night SmackDown, 205 Live, and pay-per-view (PPV) events would be broadcast for a long-term period, beginning with the August 21 episode of SmackDown. As with the broadcasts from the Performance Center, these programs were produced behind closed doors but with no in-person spectators. They also featured a larger-scale in-arena production, a bio-secure bubble billed as the WWE ThunderDome, with screens surrounding the ring displaying virtual spectators via videoconferencing (similar to the NBA bubble). While the August 21 episode of SmackDown was their first television episode produced in this manner, SummerSlam just two days later was their first pay-per-view to be broadcast from the ThunderDome.
WWE's initial residency agreement with the Amway Center expired on October 31, but with the option to extend the contract with a two weeks notice. The contract was extended to November 24. On November 19, WWE announced that the ThunderDome would remain in Florida, but would be relocated to Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, beginning with the December 11 episode of SmackDown. (Coincidentally, Tropicana Field also used to be called the ThunderDome when it was the home arena of the Tampa Bay Lightning from 1993 to 1996.) This move was also done due to the start of the 2020–21 ECHL and NBA seasons as the Amway Center is the shared home of the Orlando Solar Bears (ECHL) and the Orlando Magic (NBA), with WWE delays leading to the Solar Bears to play their first three weekends of the season on the road. The final ThunderDome show produced from the Amway Center was the December 7 episode of Raw.
The promotion did not announce the length of their residency at Tropicana Field, but it was expected that they would eventually have to leave around March due to the start of the 2021 Tampa Bay Rays season. On March 24, WWE announced that they would relocate to the Yuengling Center, located on the campus of the University of South Florida in Tampa, beginning with the post-WrestleMania 37 episodes of Raw on April 12. WWE taped the April 5 and 9 episodes of Raw and SmackDown, respectively, as well as the 2021 WWE Hall of Fame ceremony, the week prior to allow time to move the ThunderDome from Tropicana Field to Yuengling Center before the April 12 broadcast. The April 9 episode of SmackDown, which was taped on April 2, was the final show produced at Tropicana Field. WWE remained at the Yuengling Center until July 9, as the company announced that they would be returning to live touring, starting with the July 16 episode of SmackDown in Houston, Texas, thus ending production of the ThunderDome broadcasts. The final ThunderDome show produced live was the July 9 episode of SmackDown with the final ThunderDome-based broadcast airing as the July 15 episode of Main Event, which was taped on July 6. Additionally, June's Hell in a Cell event was the final PPV held in the ThunderDome, which also made Hell in a Cell the only PPV to be produced twice from the ThunderDome. The period of time that WWE produced shows from the ThunderDome has been referred to as the "ThunderDome Era."
On October 4, 2020, at NXT TakeOver 31, WWE debuted a similar setup dubbed the Capitol Wrestling Center for their NXT brand's events—since mid-March, NXT's shows were held behind closed doors at Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida. The Capitol Wrestling Center was hosted at the WWE Performance Center and had many of the same features as the ThunderDome. The main difference was that the Capitol Wrestling Center included a small crowd of select live fans, who were originally required to wear masks and divided by plexiglass walls, in addition to the virtual fans. The name was also an homage to WWE's predecessor, the Capitol Wrestling Corporation. 205 Lives shows were also moved to the Performance Center following TakeOver 31. The Performance Center would become NXT's permanent home base and by June 2021, nearly all COVID restrictions were lifted with audience capacity expanded and no longer featuring virtual fans. On September 14, 2021, the Capitol Wrestling Center name was discontinued when NXT was relaunched as NXT 2.0, complete with a fully redesigned Performance Center.
Staging and production
In creating the ThunderDome, WWE partnered with the full-service fan experience company, "The Famous Group". Inside the ThunderDome, drones, lasers, pyro, smoke, and projections were utilized to enhance the wrestlers' entrances on a level similar to that of pay-per-view productions pre-pandemic. WWE Executive Vice President of Television Production, Kevin Dunn, further noted that the company was able to "do things production-wise that we could never otherwise do" prior to the ThunderDome. Nearly 1,000 LED boards were installed to allow for rows and rows of virtual fans. Arena audio was also mixed with that of the virtual fans' chants. WWE's Senior Vice President of Event Technical Operations, Duncan Leslie, said they used what he called a "virtual audience mix" where they used fake crowd noise in the telecast and could unmute the virtual fans, but there was a slight delay.
It was free of charge for fans to virtually attend the events, though they had to reserve their virtual seat ahead of time. The night of an event, fans joined during their allocated call time. WWE also took measures against fans who violated the terms of service (ToS), such as fans wearing or displaying controversial or offensive material, as well as wearing merchandise of other major professional wrestling promotions. The company immediately removed those violating the ToS from the livestream and banned those individuals from future shows.
Venues and events
Venues
The following are the venues that hosted the WWE ThunderDome.
Events
The following are the events that were held at each venue.
Reception
Early reviews of the ThunderDome were largely positive. Pro Wrestling Torch ran a poll on their website, and over 50% of respondents indicated that the ThunderDome was "way better" than the shows produced at the WWE Performance Center, while 23% said it was "a little better." Two-thirds of the respondents also said the ThunderDome exceeded their expectations. Nearly half of the respondents said they were more likely to watch WWE's programming due to the ThunderDome setup. In an early review by John Clark of Wrestle Zone, he said the experience of attending as a virtual fan was "cool" but "forgettable."
In November 2020, WWE Chief Brand Officer Stephanie McMahon said that while ratings had dropped during the company's time at the Performance Center, the ratings did increase with the move to the ThunderDome, although the exact numbers were not revealed. She did note that each ThunderDome show up to that point had 1,000 virtual fans in attendance and that there had been over 100,000 entry requests since launch. During the first three months, there were over 130,000 entry requests to access the ThunderDome website. By January 2021, there were 500,000 registered users. Additionally, 226 countries and territories had been represented, 70% of the virtual spectators had returned multiple times, and each show had 100% full capacity of virtual fans. By March 2021, there had been over 650,000 entry requests.
Awards
WWE and The Famous Group also received awards for the WWE ThunderDome as a virtual fan experience as well as for its technological innovation. At the 2020 SPORTEL Awards, the ThunderDome earned top honors in the "Virtual Fan Experience" category. During the 2021 Cynopsis Sports Media Awards, it received the award for "Best Tech Innovation During the COVID-19 Pandemic." At the 2021 Cablefax FAXIES Awards, which "recognize excellence in PR and marketing across the industry," the WWE ThunderDome earned the award for "New Product or Launch."
See also
2020 NBA Bubble, a similar mechanism used by the NBA
References
External links
2020 in professional wrestling in Florida
2020 in professional wrestling
2021 in professional wrestling in Florida
2021 in professional wrestling
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on television
Professional wrestling in Orlando, Florida
Professional wrestling in St. Petersburg, Florida
Professional wrestling in Tampa, Florida
WWE
Chattambikkavala is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language crime thriller film, directed by N. Sankaran Nair and written by Muttathu Varkey. The film stars Sathyan, Srividya, Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. It is based on Muttathu Varkey's novel of the same name.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan as John Joseph
Srividya as Suzy
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Mathachan
Jose Prakash as Man at beach
K. V. Shanthi as Thresya
Bahadoor as Pannan
K. P. Ummer as Cheriyan
Meena as Rosamma
S. P. Pillai as Ponnan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath and the lyrics were written by O. N. V. Kurup.
References
External links
1960s crime thriller films
1960s Malayalam-language films
1969 films
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by N. Sankaran Nair
Indian crime thriller films
The West Indies cricket team toured India from September to November 2018 to play two Tests, five One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches. Ahead of the Test series, there was a two-day practice match in Vadodara.
Jason Holder was ruled out of the first Test due to an injury, with Kraigg Brathwaite captaining the West Indies in his place. India won the match, their 100th win in Tests at home. India went on to win the second Test by 10 wickets, winning the series 2–0. It was India's tenth consecutive series win at home in Tests.
The second ODI was the 950th ODI to be played by India, becoming first team to achieve the milestone. During the match, India's captain Virat Kohli became the fastest batsman to score 10,000 runs in ODIs, taking 205 innings, beating the previous record of 259 innings set by Sachin Tendulkar. India went on to win the five-match ODI series 3–1, after the second ODI ended in a tie.
India's regular wicket-keeper for limited overs matches, MS Dhoni, was not named in the side's squad for the T20I fixtures for this series and the ones against Australia. Instead, India's Test wicket-keeper, Rishabh Pant, was selected in Dhoni's place. Rohit Sharma was also named as India's captain for the T20I matches against the West Indies, with Virat Kohli being rested. India won the T20I series 3–0.
Background
Originally, one of the ODI matches had been allocated to the Greenfield International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram, per the Board of Control for Cricket in India's (BCCI) Tours and Fixtures Committee. However, when the fixtures were announced in March 2018, the match was allocated to the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Kochi instead. The Kerala Cricket Association (KCA) requested that the BCCI reviews the decision. Two days later, the BCCI announced the fixture would be played in Thiruvananthapuram.
In September 2018, it was confirmed that the Ekana International Cricket Stadium in Lucknow would host its first ever international match. The last time Lucknow hosted an international match was in January 1994, when India played a Test match against Sri Lanka at the K. D. Singh Babu Stadium. Later the same month, it was reported that the second ODI match may be moved from the Holkar Stadium in Indore, due to a row about complimentary-ticket allocations. On 3 October 2018, the BCCI confirmed that the second ODI would be moved to the Dr. Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy ACA–VDCA Cricket Stadium, in Visakhapatnam. On 12 October 2018, the BCCI moved the fourth ODI from the Wankhede Stadium to Brabourne Stadium due to administrative issues. On the day before the second T20I, the Ekana Stadium was renamed in honour of Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Squads
Before the start of the tour, Alzarri Joseph was ruled out of the West Indies' Test squad and was replaced by Shermon Lewis. Evin Lewis withdrew from the West Indies' limited-overs squads due to personal reasons. Kieran Powell and Nicholas Pooran replaced him in the ODI and T20I squads respectively. Ashley Nurse suffered an injury during the fourth ODI, and was ruled out of the next ODI match and the T20I series. Andre Russell was ruled out of the West Indies' T20I squad due to injury, and Shai Hope was added to the squad.
Shardul Thakur was ruled out of India's ODI squad and was replaced by Umesh Yadav. Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Jasprit Bumrah were added to India's ODI squad for the last three matches of the series, with Mohammed Shami being dropped. Kedar Jadhav was added to India's ODI squad for the fourth and fifth ODIs. Jasprit Bumrah, Kuldeep Yadav and Umesh Yadav were rested for the third T20I and Siddarth Kaul was added India's T20I squad.
Tour match
Two-day match: Indian Board President's XI vs West Indies
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
T20I series
1st T20I
2nd T20I
3rd T20I
Notes
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2018 in West Indian cricket
2018 in Indian cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
West Indian cricket tours of India
Vázquez Island is an island lying between Fridtjof and Bob islands, off the southeast side of Wiencke Island in the Palmer Archipelago. It was first charted by the French Antarctic Expedition under J.B. Charcot, 1903–05. The name appears on an Argentine government chart of 1950.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Lambert Nunatak () is a rock nunatak that protrudes through the snow mantle of the southeastern Coulter Heights, near the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Paul A. Lambert, U.S. Navy, Senior Quartermaster on the , 1961–62.
References
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
The Huggabug Club is an American children's television series. It first aired on PBS member stations from January 1, 1995 to June 7, 1997, then aired in reruns until July 30, 2000. It also has aired on Smile ever since the channel was launched in 2005 until it pulled from the lineup in 2016.
Cast
Adults
Audrey Landers as Miss Audrey
Judy Landers as Miss Judy
In addition to Miss Audrey and Miss Judy, the program features full-bodied puppets who magically appear with the help of a computer: Uncle Huggabug, a cowboy insect; Miss Oops-A-Daisy, a clumsy flower; and Auntie Bumble, a grandmotherly bee. The cast also includes the "Buggsters", a group of multi-cultural kids who sing and dance.
Kids
Season 1
Jamie Starr as Ernie
Alexie Agdeppa as Grace
Lindsey Landers as Kelly
Briahnna Odom as Kim
Jessica Villareal as Maria
Christie Lee Piazza as Sally
Landon Prairie as Spencer
Kristy Landers as Tria
Season 2
Michael Minden as Alex
Alexie Agdeppa as Grace
Manner Washington as Jamie
Lindsey Landers as Kelly
Briahnna Odom as Kim
Jessica Villareal as Maria
Christie Lee Piazza as Sally
Kristy Landers as Tria
Season 3
Bryce Cotton as Bobby
Alexie Agdeppa as Grace
Valentino Moreno as Jose
Lindsey Landers as Kelly
Philip Jacobs as Leroy
Jessica Villareal as Maria
Christie Lee Piazza as Sally
Kristy Landers as Tria
Production
The series was co-created by veteran actresses and sisters Audrey and Judy Landers, as well as their manager/producer/mother Ruth Landers, who also served as executive producer. The Landers sisters co-wrote over 150 original songs for the series.
An advisory board of teachers and a child psychologist helped to guide the series towards "life skills"-teaching themes. The themes were: integrity; initiative; flexibility; perseverance; organization; sense of humor; effort; common sense; problem-solving; responsibility; patience; friendship; curiosity; cooperation; and caring.
Broadcast
The show was first aired on PBS from January 1, 1995 to June 7, 1997, and aired in reruns until July 30, 2000. The show has also aired on Smile ever since the channel was launched in 2005 until it pulled from the lineup in 2016. Internationally, the series was also broadcast in South Africa, Jordan, Canada and Zambia.
Episodes
Season 1 (1995)
"Express Yourself": Feelings and Emotions (January 1, 1995)
"Finders Keepers Not!": Honesty (January 8, 1995)
"This Land is Your Land": The Environment (January 15, 1995)
"Safety First": Safety (January 22, 1995)
"New Kid in Town": Making New Friends (January 29, 1995)
"Farmer Jo-Ann's Farm": Going to the Farm (February 5, 1995)
"School Days": Everyday School Routine (February 12, 1995)
"Fitness is Fun": Fitness Routine and Keeping Healthy (February 19, 1995)
"Our Five Scent-Sational Senses": The 5 Senses (February 26, 1995)
"Wheels, Wings, and Moving Things": Transportation (March 5, 1995)
"Let's Go to the Zoo": Zoo Animals (March 12, 1995)
"Rainy Days are Fun!": Rainy Day Activities (March 19, 1995)
"Butcher, Baker, Candlestick Maker": Occupations (March 26, 1995)
"Surprise Pets": Exotic Pets (April 2, 1995)
"Remember When...": Memories (April 9, 1995)
"Cuddly Christmas": Christmas Traditions (December 3, 1995)
Notes:
Kelly is absent in Episodes 2 and 3.
Sally, Grace and Maria are absent in Episode 3.
Kim is absent in Episodes 3 and 15.
Allie is allergic to dogs and it's revealed in "Cuddly Christmas"
Season 2 (1996)
"Head to Toe": The Human Body (February 3, 1996)
"Tell It Like It Is": Honesty (February 10, 1996)
"And Baby Makes Four": Families and Babies (February 17, 1996)
"Don't Be Bugged by a Bug": Bugs and Insects (February 24, 1996)
"Dinosaurs are Dynamite!": Dinosaurs (March 2, 1996)
"Surprises from the Sea": The Ocean and Beach Activities (March 9, 1996)
"I'm One of a Kind": Individuality (March 16, 1996)
"That's What Friends are For": Friendship (March 23, 1996)
"Wacky Weather": The Weather Forecast (March 30, 1996)
"Please Don't Tease": Respect (April 6, 1996)
"What Do You Say?": Good Manners (April 13, 1996)
"You Can't Win 'em All": Teamwork (April 20, 1996)
"Let's Celebrate": Holidays (April 27, 1996)
"Silly Scientists": Science (May 4, 1996)
"Magical, Musical Day": Musical Instruments and Styles of Music (May 11, 1996)
"Dance-a-Thon": Dancing (May 18, 1996)
Notes:
Allie has laryngitis in "Magical Musical Day".
Kim's last appearance.
Season 3 (1997)
"A Package to Mexico": Mexico (March 1, 1997)
"Helping Others": Helping (March 8, 1997)
"Outer Space is Out of Sight": Outer Space (March 15, 1997)
"Curious Kid": Being Curious and Smart (March 22, 1997)
"We'll Always Be Family": Family Members (March 29, 1997)
"Get Neat to the Beat": Keeping Clean (April 5, 1997)
"USA Melting Pot": The USA and other Countries (April 12, 1997)
"1, 2, 3 Learn Your ABC's": Letters and Numbers (April 19, 1997)
"Willie Has Wheels": Meeting Allie's Cousin and Disability (April 26, 1997)
"Fantastic Firefighters": Firefighters (May 3, 1997)
"Imagine This, Imagine That": Imagination (May 10, 1997)
"Rootin' Tootin' Reptiles": Reptiles (May 17, 1997)
"Doctor Day": Doctors (May 24, 1997)
"Sing Along and Learn": Singing (May 31, 1997)
"Native Americans": Native Studies (June 7, 1997)
Notes:
In "Curious Kid" Huggabug is the one who answered Allie's question on why she is different from her fellow buggsters. 'Cause she has a British accent.
Bobby and Tria are absent in Episodes 3 and 13.
Accolades
The television series and videotape releases have been awarded The Parents Choice Award, The Dove Foundation Award, and The Kids First Award for quality in children's media.
References
External links
1990s American children's television series
2000s American children's television series
1990s American music television series
2000s American music television series
1990s preschool education television series
2000s preschool education television series
1995 American television series debuts
2000 American television series endings
American children's musical television series
American preschool education television series
American television shows featuring puppetry
Christian children's television series
English-language television shows
PBS Kids shows
PBS original programming
Television series about children
Television series about insects
American television series with live action and animation
The church of San Giovanni Evangelista is a 15th-century religious building in the San Polo sestiere of the Italian city of Venice. It stands across a courtyard from the Scuola Grande di San Giovanni Evangelista.
History
Construction on the church has taken place in three phases, the first in 1425. Reconstruction has taken place in 1645 and again recently to repair earthquake damage.
San Giovanni Evangelista was historically decorated by a series of frescoes, depicting both biblical and classical themes. Some art from San Giovanni has been removed for display at international museums or scholarly research.
Description
Tourism
It is located on the Calle del Magazzen close to the Scuola Grande di San Rocco. The church accepts visitors between Monday to Friday 9.30am to 12.30pm.
References
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1425
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1425
Giovanni
Giovanni Evangelista, Venice
Yuri Aleksandrovich Bykov (; born 11 January 1963) is a Russian professional football manager and a former player.
External links
1963 births
People from Nikolsky District, Penza Oblast
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
Russian Premier League players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Asmaral Moscow players
MFC Mykolaiv players
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Dynamo Bryansk players
Russian football managers
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl managers
Sportspeople from Penza Oblast
Selkenfelde is an abandoned village in Saxony-Anhalt in the central German district of Harz. It is located not far from the B 242 federal road (Harz High Road) between Stiege (Harz) and Güntersberge. According to legend the origins of the village go back to Charlemagne. It was first mentioned as Silicanuelth in AD 961 in two documents by King Otto I and co-regent Otto II dated 15 and 25 July. Selkenfelde had been already abandoned by the Thirty Years' War.
The abandoned village of Selkenfelde is incorporated in the network of hiking checkpoints that form the Harzer Wandernadel.
References
Harz
Harz (district)
Oberharz am Brocken
The Tagoi language is a Kordofanian language, closely related to Tegali, spoken near the town of Rashad in southern Kordofan in Sudan, about 12 N, 31 E. Unlike Tegali, it has a complex noun class system, which appears to have been borrowed from more typical Niger–Congo languages. It has several dialects, including Umali (Tumale), Goy (Tagoi proper), Moreb, and Orig (, Turjuk). Villages are Moreb, Tagoi, Tukum, Tuling, Tumale, Turjok, and Turum (Ethnologue, 22nd edition).
The following describes the Orig dialect.
Sounds
The consonants are:
Stops are automatically voiced between two non-obstruents (obstruents = stops or fricatives.)
Stops and sonorants may occur geminate. Some consonant clusters are allowed (almost invariably two-consonant), most involving sonorants; prenasalised ones are particularly common.
are found in some Arabic loanwords.
The vowel system is unclear; phonetically, it seems to be basically: .
There seem to be three phonemic tones: high, low, and occasionally falling.
Grammar
Nouns
Each noun consists of a prefix plus a stem; the prefix identifies its noun class. It changes according to number.
The genders include:
w-, pl. y-: this gender seems to consist mainly of persons and animals. E.g.: wùttar "chief" > yáttar "chiefs"; wín "snake" > yínét "snakes".
bilabial-, pl. yi-, including several trees; e.g. wòr "um-kaddaqi tree" > yíwóórèn, púrn "upper arm" > yìbúrn.
pl. with no initial change, including a number of kinship terms; e.g. màrá "road" > màrnát, àppá "father" > àppánàt
t-, pl. y-: mostly body parts; e.g. tárák "skin" > yárák, téŋlàk "tongue" > yáŋùlàk.
t-, pl. ŋ-: almost exclusively body parts; e.g. téŋlàk "tongue" > ŋéŋlàk, tìɲèn "tooth" > ŋìɲèn.
t- with no plural: place names, mass nouns
y-, pl. ŋ-: notably fruits and body parts, but also a wide variety of others. E.g. yé "egg" > ŋíye; yìmbó "knee" > ŋìmbó.
ŋ- with no plural: languages, liquids, possibly verbal nouns; e.g. ŋə̹́gdìráá "Arabic" (< kə̀dráá "Arab"), ŋàì "water".
k-, pl. s-: seems to be the commonest gender, includes all sorts of semantic fields; e.g. kábà "hut" > sábà, kám "hair" > sám, kàdìrú "pig" > sàdìrú.
c-, pl. ɲ-: includes a wide variety of semantic fields; derives diminutives; e.g.: cíŋ "child, boy" > ɲín; cúdén "bird" > ɲúdén.
In genitive (possessive) constructions, the head noun is followed by a linking element which agrees with it in class, followed by the possessor noun; e.g. ɲín ɲi-adam "children of Adam"; kʊs ki-gai "skull (ie bone of head)".
Adjectives
Adjectives follow the noun, and agree in noun class, i.e. in gender and number; e.g. kús kàlló "a thin bone" > sús sàlló "thin bones".
Demonstratives
Demonstratives too follow the noun, and agree in class. There are:
three short : -i- "this" (with the agreement prefix copied after the i as well as before), -ur, -un "that". E.g.: gálám kɛ́k "this pencil" > sálmát sɛ́s "these pencils"; gálám kur "that pencil".
three long, formed by adding (-)-an to the previous; e.g. wùskén wèwán "this knife", gálám kurkan "that pencil".
Numbers
The numbers one to four are normal adjectives; e.g. yʊ́r yùkók "two hands". Other numbers' behavior is unknown. When used without a head noun, they appear as follows, with the prefix w- for numbers 1-5:
wàttá, ùttá
wùkkók
wìttá
wàrʊ̀m
wʊ̹̀ràm
ɲérér
ʊ̀mʊ̀rgʊ́
tùppá
kʊ́mnàsá(n)
kʊ́mán
Pronouns
The pronouns are as follows:
Examples of verbal personal inflection: Musa àdúbìr "Musa beat me"; yàyá "I drink".
Interrogative pronouns include agn "what?", tá̹jí̹n "who?", nɛ́gán "where?", cínàcɛ̀n "which (boy)?"
Verbs
There appear to be at least four basic forms: present (e.g. y-ìlàm "I see"), past (e.g., y-ílàm "I saw"), imperative (e.g. k-ìlmɛ́ "see! (sg.)), and negative imperative (e.g., ánák w-èlm-ò "don't see! (sg.)). The difference between present and past is typically marked by tone: LH or occasionally LL in the present, HL in the past. Sometimes vowel changes are also observed. In the imperative, some verbs take a k- prefix, others do not; this may depend on whether or not the verb begins with a vowel.
The verb "to be" has different roots according to tense: -ɛ́n in the present tense, -ɪ́rɪ̀n in the past tense.
Negation of the verb is expressed by a prefix k-, followed by the verb "to be", inflected for person; negation of the verb "to be", by k-àrà in the present tense, k-ɪ̀rá in the past.
Verbal nouns include agent nouns in t- (e.g., t-ubi "beater"), gerunds in t- (e.g., t-àyá "drinkable"), and action nouns (e.g., ŋ-ìlàm "sight".)
Syntax
The basic word order is subject–object–verb, including in the imperative. Locative complements also precede the verb. Nominal sentences use the verb "to be". Modifiers consistently follow their head nouns.
References
Thilo C. Schadeberg & Philip Elias, based on the notes of Fr. Carlo Muratori. A Description of the Orig Language (Southern Kordofan). Archief voor Antropologie Nr. 26. Centre Royal de L'Afrique Centrale: Tervuren, 1979.
Severely endangered languages
Rashad languages
Khrysanti Yanisivna Dimopulos (; born 21 May 1987), better known as Santa Dimopulos, is a Ukrainian singer of Assyrian-Greek descent. The champion of the 2011 WBPF World Championship in the category "World Women Model Physique 165 cm+." The winner of a Ukrainian TV show Dancing with the Stars 2020.
Biography
In 2006 she earned 3rd place in the Miss Ukraine Universe pageant.
She is a former member of the Ukrainian musical group Nu Virgos, known as VIA Gra in Ukraine (2011–2012). She is also a former member of the Russian girl group Queens (2016–2017), formed as a trio of ex-Nu Virgos singers.
Notes
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century Ukrainian women singers
Ukrainian female bodybuilders
Ukrainian people of Greek descent
Mastoureh Afshar (; 1898–1951) was an Iranian intellectual, feminist, and a pioneering figure in the women's rights movement in Iran. Alongside contemporary feminists Mohtaram Eskandari and Noor-ol-Hoda Mangeneh, she co-founded the radicalist Patriotic Women's League of Iran in Tehran in 1922. She became the society's president in 1925 and held the position until 1932.
Early life
Mastoureh Afshar was born in 1898 in Urmia, West Azerbaijan. She was the daughter of Majd al Saltaneh Afshar, an intellectual Iranian nationalist. Afshar was educated in Russia and spoke Persian, Azeri, Turkish and French. She had four siblings; her eldest brother was Jalal Afshar Orami, the father of Iranian entomology. Her sister Turan Afshar was also an entomologist whereas her other two sisters Alca and Heide were active politically as members of the Patriotic Women's League alongside Mastoureh.
In the aftermath of the Persian Constitutional Revolution, multiple women's rights organizations came into existence. Afshar, alongside her contemporaries Sediqeh Dowlatabadi, Mohtaram Eskandari and others, advocated for the creation of girls schools and development of political rights for women. She co-founded the Patriotics Women's League in 1922 which was headed by Mohtaram Eskandari until 1925 after Eskandari died of spinal surgery complications at the age of 29. She assumed the leadership role until 1932. She attended the first conference on Muslim women held in Damascus in 1930, as part of the Iranian delegation alongside Sediqeh Dowlatabadi and Tabatai.
In 1932, she was invited by the Iranian government to organize and open the second Eastern Women's Congress in Tehran from November 27 to December 2 of the same year. The congress was attended by women from 15 countries ranging from Australia and Afghanistan to Zanzibar. The Congress passed a 22-point resolution which promoted women's suffrage, equal opportunities in education and work, the reformation of family law, and prohibition of polygamy and prostitution. However, after the Congress ended, the government took over the Patriotics Women's League and it ceased to exist.
She remained unmarried and died in Tehran in 1951 of breast cancer.
See also
Iranian women
Women's rights movement in Iran
References
Further reading
Sanasarian, Eliz. The Women's Rights Movements in Iran, Praeger, New York: 1982, .
1898 births
1954 deaths
Iranian feminists
Iranian women journalists
Iranian women's rights activists
People from Urmia
San Juan City Hall (Spanish: Casa de la Alcaldía de San Juan, or just Alcaldía de San Juan) is the seat of government for the Autonomous Municipality of San Juan in Puerto Rico. The city hall is located in Old San Juan, in front of the Plaza de Armas and next to the Palace of the Royal Intendancy, which today hosts the Puerto Rico Department of State.
The San Juan City Hall was built in stages from 1604 to 1789. It went through numerous additions and expansions throughout its history. Its current structure and façade by the square, inspired by the Casa de la Panadería in the Plaza Mayor of Madrid, dates to 1840 and was designed by architect Pedro García.
Features
The city hall building has a large staircase and an inner courtyard which is open to visitors. The Plaza de Armas main entrance has an inscription in Latin which translates to "Esteem the light of justice whoever is at the service of their people". The first floor of the main building hosts tourism offices while the second floor houses the office of the Mayor of San Juan and the seat of municipal government.
One of its most famous rooms is the Sala Capitular (Spanish for chapter hall), a meeting hall that has hosted numerous historical events, such as the proclamation of Admiral Ramón Power y Giralt as the first representative for Puerto Rico at the Cortes de Cádiz in Spain in 1812 and the signing of the abolition of slavery in Puerto Rico in 1873. The city hall also hosts the San Juan Bautista Gallery, which often showcases works of art made by local artists.
Gallery
See also
List of mayors of San Juan, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Municipio de San Juan (Spanish)
Tourist attractions in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Buildings and structures in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Old San Juan, Puerto Rico
City and town halls in Puerto Rico
1604 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Vohemar ( or Iharan̈a ) is a coastal city and commune () in northern Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Iharana, which is a part of Sava Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 15,000 in 2001 commune census.
In addition to primary schooling the town offers secondary education at both junior and senior levels. The town provides access to hospital services to its citizens.
From the late medieval period, Northern Madagascar had a number of small and large trading towns ruled by Swahili merchants. Vohemar, one such town, was likely founded around the 13th Century as a Swahili trading port.
Farming and raising livestock provides employment for 20% and 5% of the working population. The most important crop is cassava, while other important products are peanut, maize and rice. Industry and services provide employment for 20% and 45% of the population, respectively. Additionally fishing employs 10% of the population.
Infrastructures
There is a seaport and a local airport.
Vohemar is situated at the Route National 5a that connects the city with Ambilobe and Sambava/Antalaha.
Sports
FC Jaolahin'Iharana - regional football champion (Sava) 2018.
FC Iharana - regional football champion (Sava) 2019.
Personalities
Jean Omer Beriziky, prime minister of Madagascar, 2011-2014.
References
External links
Cities in Madagascar
Populated places in Sava Region
"Who Do You Think You Are" is a song written by the British songwriting-team Des Dyer and Clive Scott. The song was first recorded by the pop group Candlewick Green and released in late December 1973. The song peaked at #21 in the United Kingdom in February 1974.
Candlewick Green version
Track listings
7" vinyl - Decca Records
"Who Do You Think You Are?" (Dyer, Scott)
"Fingers In Your Ears" (Dyer, Scott)
Charts
Bo Donaldson and the Heywoods version
Bo Donaldson and the Heywoods covered "Who Do You Think You Are" in 1974. Their version became a hit in both the United States and Canada. It peaked at #15 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and #13 on Cash Box. It was a bigger hit in Canada, where it reached #11. It was also an Adult Contemporary hit in both nations.
Track listings
7" vinyl - ABC Records
"Who Do You Think You Are?" (Dyer, Scott)
"Fool's Way Of Lovin'" (Michael Price, Dan Walsh)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Saint Etienne version
The British indie dance/indie pop band Saint Etienne released an alternative dance-pop arrangement of "Who Do You Think You Are" in 1993. This version featured Debsey Wykes as co-lead vocalist, sometime backing singing for the band and former singer of Dolly Mixture. It peaked at number 23 on the UK Singles Chart as a double A-side with "Hobart Paving").
Critical reception
Stewart Mason from AllMusic stated that "Who Do You Think You Are" is "one of St. Etienne's most groove-oriented tunes." Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "English modern-pop act delves into Bo Donaldson & the Heywoods' pop evergreen with fanciful, disco-minded results. Singer Debsey offers a soft, sugar-coated vocal with a pleasant, cushiony house groove resting beneath." He added, "Far more interesting and effective than the group's previous releases." Music writer James Masterton said in his weekly UK chart commentary, that it is "a completely new track, a superbly crafted bit of pop which should be Top 10 if there is any justice in the world. We shall see."
Music video
A music video was produced to promote the single. It was published on YouTube in May 2012.
Track listings
All tracks written and composed by Dyer and Scott; except where indicated.
7" - Heavenly Records / HVN 29 (UK) (also available on MC (HVN 29C))
"Hobart Paving" (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:54
"Who Do You Think You Are" – 3:53
12" - Heavenly Records / HVN 29-12 (UK)
"Hobart Paving" (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:54
"Your Head My Voice (Voix Revirement)" (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:12
"Who Do You Think You Are" – 3:53
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Quex-Rd) – 8:08
12" - Heavenly Records / HVN 29-12P (UK) (UK promo. Labelled "Aphex Twin Remixes")
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Quex-Rd) – 8:08
"Your Head My Voice" (Voix Revirement) (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:12
CD - Heavenly Records / HVN 29CD (UK)
"Hobart Paving" (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:54
"Who Do You Think You Are" – 3:53
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Quex-Rd) – 8:08
"Your Head My Voice (Voix Revirement)" (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:12
12" - Warner Bros. Records / 0-40910 (US)
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Strobelights & Platform Shoes Mix) – 7:00
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Saturday Night Fever Dub) – 6:59
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Tilt Dub) – 6:00
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Quex-Rd) – 8:08
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Nu Solution Mix) – 7:46
"Hobart Paving" (UK single version) (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:54
2x12" - Warner Bros. Records / PRO-A-6254 (US) (US 2x12" promo)
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Strobelights & Platform Shoes Mix) – 7:00
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Saturday Night Fever Dub) – 6:59
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Nu Solution Mix) – 7:46
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Tilt Dub) – 6:00
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Quex-Rd) – 8:08
"Your Head My Voice (Voix Revirement)" (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:12
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Radio Remix) – 4:39
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Bonus Beats Down) – 4:55
CD - Warner Bros. Records / 9 40910-2 (US)
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Album Version) – 3:52
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Strobelights & Platform Shoes Mix) – 7:00
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Quex-Rd) – 8:08
"Hobart Paving" (UK single version) (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:54
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Nu Solution Mix) – 7:46
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Saturday Night Fever Dub) – 6:59
"Your Head My Voice (Voix Revirement)" – 4:12
"Who Do You Think You Are" (Radio Remix) (Stanley, Wiggs) – 4:39
Charts
Other cover versions
In 1974, Dyer and Scotts's pop group Jigsaw recorded the song as an album track on their 1974 studio album; I've Seen The Film, I've Read The Book.
References
British pop songs
Saint Etienne (band) songs
Bo Donaldson and The Heywoods songs
1973 singles
1974 singles
1993 singles
1973 songs
Decca Records singles
Heavenly Recordings singles
Songs written by Clive Scott
The SCW North Carolina Championship was a professional wrestling regional championship in Southern Championship Wrestling (SCW). It remained active until November 20, 2004 when SCW was closed.
The title was briefly revived in G.O.U.G.E. Wrestling, the successor of SCW, when Nicky Richards was presented the title by his manager Brad Stutts following his victory over The Goat at the GOUGE supercard "Fallout" on October 17, 2008. Count Grog, founder of both SCW and GOUGE, expressed the hope that the old North Carolina title would become a true regional title by being defended in the major "indy" promotions in North Carolina.
The inaugural champion was K. C. Thunder, who defeated Big Slam in a tournament final on February 22, 1997 to become the first SCW Heavyweight Champion. C. W. Anderson, Otto Schwanz, and Juice Otto are tied with the record for most reigns, with two each. At 995 days, Seymour Snott's first and only reign is the longest in the title's history; he won the title in a championship tournament in March 2002 and held the belt up until the promotion's close in 2004. "Beastmaster" Rick Link's only reign was the shortest in the history of the title lasting 14 days. Overall, there have been 15 reigns shared between 12 wrestlers, with five vacancies, and 1 deactivation.
Title history
Key
Names
Reigns
List of combined reigns
Footnotes
References
General
Specific
External links
SCWprowrestling.com
SCW North Carolina Title at WrestlingData.com
Southern Championship Wrestling championships
State professional wrestling championships
The Circle may refer to:
Television
Series
The Circle (franchise), a reality television game show franchise
The Circle (British TV show), on Channel 4 and broadcast in 2018 and 2019
The Circle (American TV series), on Netflix and broadcast in 2020
The Circle (Brazilian TV series), on Netflix and broadcast in 2020
The Circle (French TV series), on Netflix and broadcast in 2020
The Circle (TV program), an Australian morning show on Network Ten, broadcast 2010–2012
Episodes
"The Circle" (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine), the second episode of the second season of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, broadcast in 1993
"The Circle" (Fear Itself), the thirteenth and last episode of the television series Fear Itself, broadcast in 2008
Film
The Circle (1925 film), a film directed by Frank Borzage adapted from the Somerset Maugham play
The Circle, a 1967 documentary directed by Mort Ransen
The Circle, a 1997 film shot in Mexico, directed by Laurits Munch-Petersen
The Circle (2000 film), directed by Jafar Panahi
The Circle (2005 film), directed by Yuri Zeltser; see Angela Bettis
The Circle (2014 film), Swiss docudrama, directed by Stefan Haupt
The Circle (2015 film), directed by Levan Akin, based on the novel by Sara Bergmark Elfgren and Mats Strandberg
Circle (2015 film), a science fiction psychological horror-thriller directed by Aaron Hann and Mario Miscione.
The Circle (2017 film), directed by James Ponsoldt, based on Eggers's novel
Literature
"The Circle" (DC Comics), a Wonder Woman story arc
The Circle (Image Comics), an Image Comics series
The Circle (play), a 1921 play by W. Somerset Maugham
Novels
The Circle Series, a series of novels by Ted Dekker
The Circle (Dekker novel), a 2010 edition that contains the Ted Dekker Circle series
The Circle (Elfgren and Strandberg novel), a young adult fantasy novel by Sara Bergmark Elfgren and Mats Strandberg
The Circle (Eggers novel), a 2013 novel by Dave Eggers
Music
Groups
The Cyrkle, a 1960s US group
Sammy Hagar and the Circle, a 2014 music group
Albums
The Circle (Wipers album), 1988
The Circle (B'z album), 2005
The Circle (Bon Jovi album), 2009
The Circle, a 2008 album by Ragnar Zolberg
Songs
"The Circle" (song), a 1996 rock song by Ocean Colour Scene
"The Circle", a song by Circle II Circle on the album Watching in Silence
"The Circle", a song by Blackmore's Night on the album Secret Voyage
"The Circle", a song by The Dream Syndicate on the album How Did I Find Myself Here?
"The Circle", a song by Robert Forster on the album Calling from a Country Phone
Places
Circle Interchange in Chicago, where the Dan Ryan, Eisenhower and Kennedy expressways meet
The Circle (Kingston upon Hull), a demolished cricket ground in Kingston upon Hull, England
The Circle (Zürich Airport), a complex at Zürich Airport in Switzerland
The Circle (Portsmouth, Virginia), a historic restaurant building in Portsmouth, Virginia
The Circle is the name given to a restored circular piece of the original Grand Ole Opry stage
Other uses
Another name for the Magic circle of ritual magic
The Circle (file system), a peer-to-peer distributed file system written mainly in Python
The Circle (magazine), a Swiss gay magazine published 1932–1967
The Circle School, Sudbury School located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and founded in 1984
See also
Le Cercle, a European foreign policy think-tank
Circle (disambiguation)
The Vicious Circle (disambiguation)
The Ring (disambiguation)
The women of Quinn Square were a group of mostly working-class women living in Quinn Square, Bethnal Green, London who, in August 1938, organised a rent strike in reaction to the attempted eviction of a female tenant with “the landlord alleging that she owed arrears”. After an investigation it became clear that not only was she being overcharged, but that this overcharging was the case for 70 of the 90 controlled rents.
The women came out in solidarity, refusing to pay their rent. Pickets were deployed every day by women who nailed posters to broomsticks and led impromptu demos. Despite the strike being labelled ‘ill-advised' by the Hackney Gazette, after two weeks they were successful. Local communist leader, Bob Graves, pronounced Quinn Square residents as the parents of a working class movement: “Once again the people of the East End of London have shown the way”. The strike was opposed by Oswald Mosley's British Union of Fascists.
The strikers' success encouraged further such strikes, elsewhere in London and in other British towns and cities.
References
1938 in London
Bethnal Green
Segun Ogunsanya is the managing director and chief executive officer of Airtel Nigeria, subsidiary of the Indian telecommunications conglomerate, with subsidiaries in 14 Sub-Saharan African countries.
In April 2021, Ogunsanya was appointed as the designated chief executive officer of Airtel Africa, the African subsidiary that includes all the 14 sub-Saharan African markets. His appointment to this position takes effect on 1 October 2021.
Education
Ogunsanya holds a Bachelor's degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering obtained from the University of Ife (now Obafemi Awolowo University), in 1987. He is also a Chartered Accountant, recognized by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria.
Career
In 1999, he served as general manager and chief executive of Coca-Cola Ghana and later as the chief executive officer of Coca-Cola Sabco, Kenya, in 2010. He was managing director and head of retail banking operations of Ecobank Transnational Inc. from 2008 to 2009.
Ogunsanya was the managing director at Nigerian Bottling Company Plc from September 2011, to December 2012. He was appointed CEO of the Nigerian operation of Bharti Airtel, on 26 November 2012.
In April 2021, he was designated as the next managing director and chief executive office of Airtel Africa Plc., effective 1 October 2021. He will be succeeded by C. Surendran as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Airtel Nigeria with effect from 1 August 2021. In his new position, Ogunsanya will replace Raghu Mandava, who will go into retirement. Mandava will be available to assist the board, the chairman and the CEO of Airtel Africa Plc., as needed, for the nine months beginning October 2021.
References
External links
Airtel's CEO, Ogunsanya, named Credit Management Director of the Year As of November 2018.
Living people
1966 births
Nigerian chief executives
Nigerian businesspeople
Nigerian business executives
Nigerian electrical engineers
Nigerian accountants
Obafemi Awolowo University alumni
People from Ogun State
Yoruba people
Joseph F. Farrell (1857–April 17, 1893) was an American professional baseball player whose career spanned from 1880 to 1888.
Farrell was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1857. He played four seasons in Major League Baseball, principally as a third baseman, for the Detroit Wolverines of the National League from 1882 to 1884 and for the Baltimore Orioles of the American Association in 1886. In 1883, he led the National League in games played at third base (101) and ranked second among the league's third basemen with 248 assists and third with 13 double plays and a range factor of 3.55.
Across all four of his major league seasons, Farrell appeared in 353 games, 280 as a third baseman and 63 as a second baseman, nine as a shortstop and two as an outfielder. He compiled a .232 career batting average, scored 187 runs, and totaled 63 extra base hits, including 15 triples and five home runs. Farrell also played four seasons of minor league baseball.
After a long illness, Farrell died in Brooklyn on April 17, 1893 at age 36. On April 26, 1893, a baseball game was played at Brooklyn's Eastern Park between the Brooklyn Superbas and an old-timers team to raise money for Farrell's mother. Over 2,000 tickets were sold.
References
External links
Baseball players from New York (state)
Detroit Wolverines players
Baltimore Orioles (AA) players
19th-century baseball players
1857 births
1893 deaths
Major League Baseball third basemen
Albany (minor league baseball) players
Nationals of Washington players
Rochester (minor league baseball) players
Brooklyn Atlantics (minor league) players
Washington Nationals (minor league) players
Lynn Lions players
Manchester Farmers players
Bloomington Reds players
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
Burials at Holy Cross Cemetery, Brooklyn
Rhys Angelo Emile Herbert (born 29 June 2000), known professionally as Digga D, is a British rapper. He gained recognition as part of the UK drill collective 1011, which was later renamed to CGM. He is considered to be one of the pioneers of the UK drill scene. He's had multiple singles that have been placed in the UK Singles Chart; his mixtape albums, Double Tap Diaries and Made In The Pyrex, reached No. 11 and 3 on the UK Albums Chart, respectively. His third mixtape, Noughty By Nature was released on 15 April 2022, debuting at number one on the UK Albums Chart.
Some of his music videos have garnered attention among law enforcement, resulting in a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) taken against the collective, and he has been in and out of prison during the singles and videos' releases. Digga D was sent to prison three times before the age of 20.
Early life
Rhys Herbert was born on 29 June 2000 in West London. At age 12, he began writing music. He listened to Jamaican reggae and dancehall. In year eight, he was arrested after a stop and search revealed possession of cannabis, and was consequently kicked out of a school called Chelsea Academy.
Career
2015–2017: Formation of 1011/CGM
In 2015, he formed the UK drill group 1011 along with his friends in a local youth club in Ladbroke Grove. The group was named after the W10 and W11 postal codes, and includes members Herbert (Digga D), Yonas Girma, Micah Bedeau (Horrid1), Isaac Marshall, and Jordan Bedeau. They also had several other members in the gang such as Loose1 who would later be banned from making music with the name “1011/CGM” being in it, Ice, Swift, Mashpies, TY, Johnny5ive, R1 and R9. They released several singles in 2016-17, including "Kill Confirmed", "Play for the Pagans", “Next Up” and "No Hook".
On 9 November 2017, Digga D and members of 1011 were arrested in a stop and search in which they were carrying machetes and baseball bats. 1011 claimed they were making a drill music video, but police stated they were planning to attack a rival gang, 12World. Digga and 1011 were convicted of conspiracy to commit violent disorder, sentenced to 1 year in jail, and given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) in 2018. Four of the group's music videos prior to the CBO were taken down. However, they were noted to have already amassed over ten million combined views, and would soon be uploaded by fans to their channels, where they continued to get more views. The group rebranded as CGM, an acronym for Certified Grove Members.
2017–2019: Double Tap Diaries
He did a freestyle for Mixtape Madness's Next Up?, which was released on 30 November 2017. The freestyle was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry on 18 October 2019, making it the first Mixtape Madness freestyle with a certification. Rap critic Joseph JP Patterson described the release of the freestyle as having "stopped everyone in their tracks. Heads in the music industry began to turn, and they quickly found themselves in 'next to blow' conversations." Ethan Herlock of The Face wrote that the freestyle "demonstrated Digga D's distinctive flow and chest-puffing energy, heralding him as a standout MC in the increasingly crowded UK drill scene".
He released post-CBO-reviewed singles including "No Porkies", and "Who?", and had a Mixtape Madness Mad About Bars session with Kenny Allstar. On 17 May 2019, his debut mixtape, Double Tap Diaries was released. The album included the single "No Diet" which peaked No. 20 in the UK Singles Chart. Days after the mixtape release, he confirmed he was still in jail. The corresponding music video garnered 1.6 million views in five days, received a shout-out from rapper Stormzy, and the music was used in an Instagram video post by Zac Efron.
2020–2021: Made in the Pyrex
In July 2020, Digga D released the single "Woi", which gained widespread recognition worldwide. The single was nominated for "Song of the Year" at the MOBO Awards, and the editors at Complex listed it at the top of their list of the best songs of 2020. In October 2020, the follow-up single was released titled "Chingy (It's Whatever)". On 24 November, BBC Three released the documentary Defending Digga D on BBC iPlayer, and had it later broadcast on BBC One on 27 November. On 4 December, "Daily Duppy" was released on GRM Daily.
Digga D has also teased a collaboration mixtape with Unknown T, after they met in Belmarsh Prison and made music together. On 4 February 2021, the single "Bringing It Back" with AJ Tracey was released. The song topped the UK Chart's Official Trending Chart and debuted at No. 5 on the UK Singles Chart. On 14 February, the single "Toxic" was released, accompanied by the music video. On 25 February, the music video for the single "Bluuwuu" was released. His second mixtape, Made in the Pyrex, was released on 26 February 2021. Pyrex reached No. 3 on the UK Albums Chart and was noted for being the "highest charting project to date for a millennium-born UK rapper, and the highest-charting independent UK Drill project on the Official Chart so far."
2021–present: Noughty by Nature
On the 13 August 2021, Digga D released the single "Wasted" featuring ArrDee. The single peaked at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart. On 9 September, he released the song "2K17", which charted at number 26 on the UK Singles Chart. He also appeared on the single "Keep Talkin" with Sav'O and Horrid1 on 28 September. On 21 October, he released the single "Red Light Green Light", with the music video referencing the television series Squid Game. The single charted at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart.
On 14 January 2022, Digga D appeared on two songs: "Bine" with Horrid1 and Sav'o, and "Went Jail" with Groundworks and Unknown T. On 20 January, Digga D released the single "Pump 101" featuring Still Brickin. On 3 March, he released the single "G Lock" featuring American rapper Moneybagg Yo. He released three freestyles in March titled "A Lil Promo", "Life of a Real G", and a freestyle during an appearance the radio station On the Radar in the United States. On 31 March, Digga D released the third single from the mixtape "What You Reckon", featuring American rapper B-Lovee. He also released the music videos for two singles "Amelia Amelia" and "Main Road" on 12 April and 14 April.
Digga D's third mixtape, Noughty by Nature was released on 15 April 2022, including features from Rack5, Dodgy, Horrid1, Hotboii, AJ Tracey, Maverick Sabre, among others. The mixtape debuted atop the UK Albums Chart, becoming Digga D's first number one album. In July 2022, Digga D released two singles, "STFU" and "Frenches" with French rapper Timal. On 1 September, he appeared on the song "Goofies" with American rapper Babyface Ray. The same day, he announced the launching of his own record label Black Money Records.
Artistry
Digga D's musical influences come from the British Caribbean community in West London and incorporates dancehall, bashment and rap in his style. The Face considered him as one of the pioneers of the UK drill scene. GQ called Digga D "the most influential British rapper of our time," noting his ability to continue rapping about the "harsh, competitive realities of young inner-city life" while also abiding by the rules of his CBO. Digga D said in the interview "I wouldn't say I'm a pioneer of drill; I would say I'm a pioneer of changing drill. Other people made drill, I just took it to a place it's never been to before."
Legal issues
Criminal Behaviour Order
Because of their arrest on 9 November 2017, Digga and 1011 were given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) in 2018 that required the group to have the Metropolitan Police's permission before releasing any new music, forbade them from using London postcodes, and banning references in lyrics to real-life incidents and people. Four of the group's music videos prior to the CBO were taken down. However, they were noted to have amassed over ten million combined views before removal.
The conditions of Digga's CBO included being fitted with a GPS tracker on his leg and being made to check in with probation every three hours, as well as having to notify the Met police when he uploaded any songs or videos, within 24 hours of upload. Any releases that incited violence, mentioning certain areas of London or lyrical references to real-life incidents or people in their music would not be permitted. "There's a list of about 18 to 20 people that Rhys isn't allowed to associate with, most of whom make up his friends from school or friends from his area or people that the police deemed were part of a gang that he was part of", explained Digga's lawyer, Cecilia Goodwin. Moreover, visually, there are certain things which are not allowed to be portrayed. Any breach of the CBO would result in a recall to prison.
The CBO ban issued to 1011 was condemned by the campaign group Index on Censorship and widely described as entirely unprecedented. Digga's lawyer noted that the CBO "gives the police and probation the ability to control and censor his art". The Metropolitan Police has since denied it was censorship. Det Ch Supt Kevin Southworth said at the time: "When in this instance you see a particular genre of music being used specifically to goad, to incite, to provoke, to inflame, that can only lead to acts of very serious violence being committed, that's when it becomes a matter for the police. We're not in the business of killing anyone's fun, we're not in the business of killing anyone's artistic expression – we are in the business of stopping people being killed."
Other incarcerations
He has since been back to prison twice, including for breaching the stringent conditions of his CBO. While Digga was recalled to prison in 2019, Digga was stabbed in the eye, causing him to lose use of the eye. He was stabbed with a blade fashioned from a tuna can, according to an official at the Ministry of Justice who was not authorized to publicly discuss the matter and who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Goodwin, his lawyer, said that the rapper had been struggling with post-traumatic stress disorder after the attack.
In March 2020 Digga D pleaded guilty to violent disorder again and breaches of his CBO. He was sentenced to two years and 6 months for his role in a machete brawl with rival gang members in front of shoppers in West London. Other members of CGM were also charged, including Sav'o, who was sentenced to three years' imprisonment after pleading guilty to violent disorder, possession of an offensive weapon and breaches of a CBO.
He was arrested again in July for inciting violence after attending a Black Lives Matter protest in London and posting about the movement on Instagram. Right after being released from his previous arrest, rumours circulated that police had taken the rapper back into custody, which was later confirmed. "Again they are on me", the rapper is heard saying in a video as he is being cuffed. "For what? No reason." He has since been released, still under conditions of his CBO. Asked in an interview with The Face if he was treated unfairly, he replied: "Oh, of course, 100 per cent, They didn't ban me from music [at first], only as it started hitting millions and [they] saw me prospering from it."
In November 2021, it was claimed on social media that Digga D was arrested for stabbing a man in Dubai. He responded to these allegations by saying in an Instagram post, "In [the] future, before you start adding your 2 pence, wait to hear the full story." He also stated that, while he was arrested, he did not face any charges and was released soon after.
Discography
Mixtapes
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Promotional singles
Guest appearances
Filmography
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
2000 births
Rappers from London
UK drill musicians
Living people
English male rappers
Gangsta rappers
People from the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Francis Arthur Bainbridge FRS FRCP (29 July 1874 – 27 October 1921) was an English physiologist.
History
Bainbridge was born in Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham, in 1874 and educated at The Leys School. He entered Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1893, graduating from BA in 1896, earning an M.B. in 1901, and finally a doctorate in 1904. Medicine did not appeal to him, and for a while he focused on Pathology and Bacteriology. In 1905, he became a lecturer of Pathology at Guy's Hospital, and in 1907, he went on as assistant Bacteriologist to the Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine. His work on food-poisoning bacilli gained wide recognition, and was embodied in his lectures at the Royal College of Physicians. In 1911 he became a professor of physiology at Durham University. In 1915 he attained the chair of physiology at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, where he remained for the rest of his life.
Bainbridge is best remembered for showing that an increase in pressure on the venous side of the heart resulted in an increased heart rate due to denervation of vagal influences to the heart. The eponymous "Bainbridge reflex" is named after him, being explained as an increased heart rate due to an increase of right atrial pressure. Bainbridge's findings contradicted "Marey's Law", a law that stated that an increase in blood pressure caused a lowering of the heart rate. Marey's Law was devised in 1861 by French physiologist Étienne-Jules Marey (1830–1904).
Bainbridge also made important contributions in his studies of the mechanism of lymph formation, as well as on filtration properties of the glomeruli in the kidneys. His most popular publications were "Essentials of Physiology" (1914) and "Physiology of Muscular Exercise" (1919).
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in May 1919
References
Francis Arthur Bainbridge @ Who Named It
1874 births
1921 deaths
Academics of Durham University
English physiologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
People educated at The Leys School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Schnaittenbach is a town in the Amberg-Sulzbach district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 16 km northeast of Amberg.
The town is twinned with Buchberg, Switzerland.
References
Amberg-Sulzbach
The Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions, stylized as Uni-President 7-ᴇʟᴇᴠᴇn Lions, also known as Uni-Lions (), are a professional baseball team playing in the Chinese Professional Baseball League (CPBL). The Lions are based in Tainan City, Taiwan, and homefielded primary at Tainan Municipal Baseball Stadium.
The organization is owned by Uni-President Corporation, one of Taiwan's largest conglomerates, whose subsidiary Uni-President Baseball Team Company oversees operations of the team. The Lions are the only CPBL team owned by the same parent company and played continuously since CPBL's founding season in 1990.
History
Amateur era
The team was first established as amateur Uni-President Baseball Team () in 1989 for the purpose of training and preparation for eventual professionalization in the next year. The corporation originally intended to recruit players from Taipower Baseball Team, an amateur baseball team based in nearby Kaohsiung, but faced many difficulties in the process.
Uni-President originally offered Lin Chia-hsiang () the position of team manager, hoping that his status as Taipower's head coach would ensure players' willingness to join the new team. Lin accepted at first, and agreed to aid the effort of recruiting players. However, due to uncertainties in a professional career, players were reluctant to leave Taipower for the new team, and Lin could only secure a few players and was far below the 15 players minimum requirement of the amateur league. Lin then turned down the offer, leaving Uni-President searching for a replacement for the manager position. Uni-President eventually contacted Cheng Kuen-chi () and offered him the position. Cheng, a former coach of Taipower who was respected by many players, accepted the offer and became the first manager for Uni-President. Cheng then used his connection to convince players to join the team, and Uni-President barely met the minimum requirement after Brother baseball team lent players to Uni-President. The team then participated and performed modestly in two amateur series in 1989.
Early years
The team was professionalized on January 1, 1990, following the establishment of CPBL. Uni-President chose Lions as its mascot, and hence the team was renamed Uni-President Lions. The Lions played the opening game of CPBL on March 17, 1990 with Brother Elephants in the now demolished Taipei Municipal Baseball Stadium, defeated the Elephants, and scored their first victory in professional baseball. However, the Lions performed poorly in their first professional season, placed third and only saved by Brother Elephants's even poorer performance.
The season of 1991 saw significant improvements in the Lions' performance. The Lions were able to advance into the playoffs and play Wei Chuan Dragons, who they defeated four games to two and won their first title. The next three years saw the dominance of the Elephants, who won three consecutive seasonal titles from 1992 to 1994, and defeated the Lions in the 1993 playoffs. It was during these years that the Lions and Elephants developed a long-lasting rivalry. The Lions again won the titles in 1995 and 1996.
Black Eagles scandal and the 1997 season
The 1997 season was not smooth sailing as many has expected; the Lions started out losing some prominent players to the rival Taiwan Major League. Also, the game-fixing scandal in mid-season of 1997, known as the Black Eagles scandal, was a major blow to the CPBL in general in that the average attendance dropped significantly, and teams were either forced out of the market or had to scale back on the budget and shut down some expansion projects over the next few years.
Furthermore, at the end of 1997 season, the Lions led the league with 58–7–31, while the Dragons (46–4–46) and the Eagles (41–4–51) were placed third and fourth respectively. However, the regulation dictated that the playoffs should be played by the team that led the league in the first half-season and the team in the second half-season. It was assumed that if a team leads the league in the whole year, it should have placed first in both half-seasons, and thus allowed to participate in the championship series. The loophole became obvious when the Dragons, placed seventh in the first half but first in the second half, and the Eagles, placed first in the first half and seventh in the second half, got a berth in the playoffs. The loophole was fixed in the following year.
Present
The team was officially renamed Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions in 2008. 7-Eleven in Taiwan is franchised by President Chain Store Corporation, a subsidiary of Uni-President Enterprises Corporation; each entity now owns roughly half of the shares of the Lions.
Organization
Minor league
The Lions were credited as the first organization to form a minor league team. As early as 1990, when CPBL was still in its early years, the Lions were making preparation for establishment of a second team by hiring coaches and scouting talented players for the project. The reserve team, however, was disbanded due to lack of opponent and players. In 1997, the Lions again formed a reserve team, but it met the same fate as its predecessor due to the game-fixing scandal and the decline in attendance. No further expansion was made until after the CPBL-TML merger took place.
In late 2003, after the merger of the two competing league, the Chinese Taipei Baseball Association assisted CPBL in forming a minor league by sending alternative service players to be trained by and filled the roster of member organizations of CPBL. The Lions were supportive of this project initially, but later backed out due to financial reasons. In early 2006, the Lions announced the revival of the minor league project, and began the expansion of the team. The roster consisted of reserve players, alternative service players, and non-contract players. Alternative service players and non-contract players are restricted to play exclusively on the second team. As of the 2013 season, the team is made up exclusively of contracted players.
Foreign cooperation
The Lions have been working with other organization in Asia and North America to improve the performance of the organization; collaborators includes Yomiuri Giants of NPB's Central League and Red Sox organization of MLB. Also, the Lions have participated in many friendly exhibition games with teams from other professional organizations.
Notable achievements
The Lions are the holders of many CPBL records. The most well-known is the winning streak of 17 games in the 2006 season. The Lions are currently holding the records as the team with the most wins, home runs, and Taiwan Series titles throughout its history.
Records
Regular seasons
Playoffs
Asia series
Roster
Current roster
List of managers
See also
Chinese Professional Baseball League
Professional baseball in Taiwan
Taiwan Series
References
External links
Official website
Chinese Professional Baseball League
Chinese Professional Baseball League teams
Baseball teams established in 1989
1989 establishments in Taiwan
Sport in Tainan
Kevin P. March is an American business executive, and was formerly the chief financial officer and senior vice-president of technology manufacturing giant, Texas Instruments.
Education
March graduated in 1983 from the University of Pittsburgh with a bachelor's degree in economics and business before receiving an MBA from Pitt in 1984.
Career
Kevin joined TI after graduation in 1984, working in an array of different positions throughout the Dallas-based company. In 2002, March was appointed Controller of TI, and in October 2003, was named CFO, replacing longtime TI CFO Bill Aylesworth. In 2008, March was named CFO of the Year for large public companies by Dallas Business Journal.
Personal life
Kevin and his wife Carol currently live in Dallas, Texas, and have two children, Sean and Shannon. Sean lives in New York City and Shannon lives in Austin.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Pittsburgh alumni
American chief financial officers
Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business alumni
The 12727/12728 Godavari Express is an express train of India's South Central Railway, operating between Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam.
History
On 1 February 1974, the Indian Railways announced the first railway service between Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam, the Waltair-Hyderabad Express.
In the early days, the train ran once daily, departing from Visakhapatnam station at 5:20 p.m. and arriving at Hyderabad station at 6:45 a.m. the next morning. During the return journey, the train departed Hyderabad at 5:15 p.m. and arrived at Visakhapatnam station at 5:50 a.m. the next morning. The train was officially renamed Godavari Express as it provided rail connectivity to nine stations in desert cities across East and West Godavari districts.
It was hauled by a steam locomotive and had 17 coaches. Its highest speed of 50 km/h came between Samalkot and Rajahmundry. A slip service was introduced during 1975, and the train began to run up to Kakinada. As a result, five more coaches were added. The train entered a Rake Sharing Agreement or RSA with Simhadri Express, which ran between Visakhapatnam and Rajahmundry. However, in 1980, both the slip service and the RSA were canceled as the Simhadri Express was extended to Bhimavaram and the Kakinada–Secunderabad Goutami Express was introduced.
The train later ran with a diesel locomotive. By 1990, the train had become popular, and two more coaches were introduced, taking the total to 24. It became one of the longest trains in India. When the Visakhapatnam–Vijayawada line and the Vijayawada–Kazipet–Hyderabad lines were electrified, the train started running with the WAP-4 electric locomotive. Soon, the Godavari Express became the first South Central Railway train to offer 5 air-conditioned coaches.
In June 1999, the train met with its first accident, derailing at Ghanpur near Warangal. In the year 2000, the Godavari Express became the first train in the South Central railway to run with an air-conditioned first-class coach and the first in the Zone to have 6 air-conditioned coaches. In 2011, on becoming a Superfast train, it was renumbered to 12727 and was hauled by a WAP-7. Engineers modified the train timings again, and consequently, further reduced the journey time by 15 minutes.
In July and August 2011, passengers of the air-conditioned coaches were robbed twice, and a hoax call was made regarding a bomb in the sixth coach. As a result, safety was enhanced, and the train started running with a WAP-7 from end to end. This train then became the first to run with a WAP-7 between Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada. Hundreds of people from Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts travel to Secunderabad daily through Godavari Express.
LHB coaches
The train was upgraded with LHB coaches on 1 June 2020, running from both Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam by South Central Railway. Previously It was upgraded as an Utkrist CBC rake train in 2018. It ran until 22 March 2020 when lockdown started.
Route and stops
(start)
Tuni
Hyderabad Deccan Nampally (end)
Traction
It is hauled by a Lallaguda-based WAP-7 (HOG)-equipped locomotive.
See also
List of named passenger trains in India
References
External links
12727/Godavari Superfast Express India Rail Info
Transport in Hyderabad, India
Transport in Visakhapatnam
Named passenger trains of India
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Rail transport in Telangana
Railway services introduced in 1974
Express trains in India
USS Challenge (ATA-201) was a Sotoyomo-class auxiliary fleet tug acquired by the United States Navy for service during and after World War II.
Challenge was planned and authorized as Rescue Ocean Tug ATR-128 and was reclassified Auxiliary Fleet Tug ATA-201, 15 May 1944. She was laid down on 3 August 1944 at Gulfport Boiler & Welding Works, Port Arthur, Texas, launched on 23 September 1944, delivered to the Navy on 22 November 1944, commissioned as USS ATA-201 on 15 September 1944.
East Coast activity
Challenge served on the U.S. East Coast. Very little data is available. However, Navy records indicate she towed from Green Cove Springs, Florida, to Charleston, South Carolina, in 1947.
Final disposition
Challenge was decommissioned on 23 December 1947 and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 September 1962. The ship was named USS Challenge (ATA-201) on 16 July 1948. She was sold for scrapping on 1 October 1976 by the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service, but was resold in 1978 into commercial service. As of 2017, she was operating out of Honduras under the name Saje Commander.
References
External links
Sotoyomo-class tugs
Ships built in Port Arthur, Texas
1944 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Taşlıca, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Stud is a queer bar located in South of Market, San Francisco. It was started by associates George Matson and Alexis Muir (Alexis was a transgender woman then known as Richard Conroy) on May 27, 1966. According to George Matson it was a "bar for people, not just pretty bodies". Originally the Stud was located at 1535 Folsom Street; in 1987 it moved to its current location at Ninth and Harrison Streets. The Stud is known for its themed parties, drag and burlesque shows, and community events. It was also home of the famous Trannyshack, a weekly drag show that featured all different types of drag and drag stars from 1996 until 2008.
History and ownership
The Stud was originally started by George Mason and Richard Conroy in 1966. (Richard Conroy was a transgender woman later known as Alexis Muir; this name may be a reference to John Muir, who was her great-uncle.) In the early 1970s, George sold his half to Richard. Richard then sold it to Jerry "Trixie" Jones, Heidi Steffan, and Jan Hill. Jerry "Trixie" Jones was also a partial owner of Hamburger Mary's, an iconic gay restaurant, across the street. In 1974, the Stud was bought out by Jim "Edie" Fleckenstein. Edie died in 1994, leaving the Stud to his partner and resident DJ Larry Holloway aka LaRue and his accountant Ben "Fiesta" Guibord. They then partnered up with Michael McElheney. LaRue died in the 1990s due to complications from HIV/AIDS. Ben "Fiesta" Guibord died in 2011, at the age of 63, also due to complications from HIV/AIDS.
In the summer of 2016 the Stud was given a very large rent increase and Michael McElheney decided it was time to retire. When the bar was faced with closure, members of the local community began to organize in hopes of preserving the historic bar. This organizing resulted in the formation of a collective of nightlife professionals, which bought the business from Michael McElheney. Members of the collective include artists, DJs, and performers such as Honey Mahogany, Siobhan Aluvalot, Vivvyanne Forevermore, and Rachel Ryan. The collective took ownership of the Stud on December 30, 2016, making it, according to collective member Nate Allbee, "the very first co-op nightclub in the United States."
South of Market gay culture in the 1960s and the Stud's significance
In the 1960s, San Francisco's primarily gay areas were Polk Street, the Tenderloin district, and South of Market. South of Market became the hub of the leather subculture in the gay community in 1961 when the gay bar the Tool Box opened its doors as the first leather bar in the neighborhood. When the Stud, along with Febe's, opened up on Folsom Street in 1966, other gay leather bars and establishments catering to this subculture followed creating a foundation for the growing gay leather community. The Stud and the other establishments in this neighborhood created a safe space for gay people to gather, be themselves, and create a community. The Stud was also originally a Hell's Angels hangout; by 1969 it had become a dance bar for hippies on the margins of the leather scene and had a psychedelic black light mural by Chuck Arnett.
Trannyshack
One of San Francisco's longest running drag shows, Trannyshack, was started in 1996 by Heklina, a well known San Francisco drag queen. Many famous drag queens and celebrities graced the stage at Trannyshack, including many contestants from RuPaul's Drag Race and RuPaul himself. Due to controversy over the use of the word "tranny", the show's name was called into question, prompting Heklina to end it and rebrand. In 2008 Trannyshack ended its run at the Stud.
Honors
Alexis Muir, a cofounder and former owner of The Stud (see above), was honored in 2017 along with other notables, named on bronze bootprints, as part of San Francisco South of Market Leather History Alley.
The Stud is part of the Leather and LGBTQ Cultural District. The San Francisco Board of Supervisors established the district with legislation signed into law by the mayor on May 9, 2018. A ribbon cutting was held on June 12 that year outside the Stud for that.
References
External links
1966 establishments in California
Leather bars and clubs
LGBT nightclubs in California
South of Market, San Francisco
Royal Consort Geun of the Goseong Yi clan () was a Korean royal consort as the first wife of U of Goryeo and the mother of his successor, King Chang. She was the fourth Goryeo queen who didn't receive a posthumous name like the other consorts following Lady Yun.
Biography
Early life
The future Royal Consort Geun was born in the Goseong Yi clan in Goseong County as the daughter of Lee Rim, who was a relative of Lee In-im (이인임), and Lady Hong.
Marriage and palace life
In 1379, she became the consort of the 13-year-old U of Goryeo and then given title as Consort Geun (근비, 謹妃), also lived in Hudeok Mansion (후덕부, 厚德府). Since their daughter was now a Royal wife, Lee Rim then honoured as "Internal Prince Cheolseong" (철성부원군, 鐵城府院君) and his wife became "Lady of Byeonhan State" (변한국부인, 卞韓國夫人). Two felons were released from prison to mark the occasion.
In September 1380, she gave birth to a prince, the future King Chang, and one felon was released to celebrate. King U's third consort, Royal Consort Ui of the No clan was originally one of her maids but was promoted in 1382.
After King U of Goryeo's deposal
In 1388, after ordering an attack on Liaodong in Ming territory, King U was forced to abdicate during a coup led by the general Yi Seong-gye. His young son ascended the throne as King Chang with Yi Seong-gye as regent, and Royal Consort Geun was promoted to Grand Royal Consort (). All of the former king's other consorts were forced to leave the palace and return to their natal homes.
Little more than a year later, both King Chang and his father were demoted to commoner status with the justification that U had not actually been the son of his royal father, and Gongyang of Goryeo was enthroned as the new ruler. In addition to her husband and son, Royal Consort Geun's father and brother were exiled, as well as two of her brothers-in-law, a nephew-in-law, and a nephew. Late in 1389, the two former kings were killed, and Royal Consort Geun's father was imprisoned in Cheongju.
Family
Father: Yi Rim (이림, 李琳; d. 1391)
Mother: Lady Hong of Byeonhan State (변한국부인 홍씨, 卞韓國夫人 洪氏)
Older sister: Lady Yi (이씨, 李氏) – married a man from the Incheon Yi clan.
Nephew: Lee Mun-hwa, Duke Gongdo (공도공 이문화, 恭度公 李文和; 1358–1414) – married Lady Choe of the Chungju Choe clan (충주최씨, 忠州崔氏)
Grandniece: Grand Internal Princess Consort Heungnyeong of the Incheon Yi clan (흥녕부대부인 인천 이씨, 興寧府大夫人 仁川 李氏; 1383–1456)
Grandnephew-in-law: Yun Beon, Duke Jeongjeong, Internal Prince Papyeong (파평부원군 정정공 윤번, 坡平府院君 貞靖公 尹璠; 1384–1448) – became the father of Queen Jeonghui (정희왕후; 1418–1483)
Husband: King U of Goryeo (고려 우왕; 1365–1389)
Son: King Chang of Goryeo (고려 창왕; 1380–1389)
In popular culture
Portrayed by Jung Sun-ae in the 1983 KBS1 TV series Foundation of the Kingdom.
Portrayed by Kim Chang-sook in the 1983 MBC TV series The King of Chudong Palace.
Portrayed by Seo Yi-an in the 2014 KBS TV series Jeong Do-jeon.
Notes
References
External links
근비 이씨 on Doosan Encyclopedia .
근비 이씨 on Encykorea .
14th-century Korean people
Royal consorts of the Goryeo Dynasty
14th-century Korean women
Year of birth unknown
Goseong Lee clan
People from South Gyeongsang Province
Typhoon Agnes, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Pining, produced among the heaviest rains recorded during the 20th century in South Korea, with falling over a two-day span. The storm originated as a tropical depression near Guam on August 25, 1981. Moving along a west-northwest to northwest track, the system gradually strengthened as deep convection organized around it. The depression was assigned the name Agnes on August 27 following the development of gale-force winds. Further intensification to typhoon-status occurred by August 29. Agnes attained its peak intensity on August 31 over the East China Sea as a Category 2-equivalent on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale with winds of 175 km/h (110 mph). Subsequent interaction with a mid-latitude trough induced an extratropical transition as the cyclone slowed and turned north. The system had lost most of its tropical characteristics by September 1, with the majority of convection sheared northeast over South Korea and Japan. Agnes later accelerated northeast and completed its transition on September 3. The remnants continued along this course, impacting northern Japan and the Kamchatka Peninsula before last being noted on September 6 near the International Date Line.
Throughout the course of Agnes' existence, several countries were affected by torrential rains and typhoon-force winds. Hardest hit was South Korea where record-breaking rains triggered widespread flooding. More than 12,000 structures were damaged or destroyed by the storm and 191,000 acres (77,300 hectares) of farmland was inundated. A total of 113 people lost their lives in the country while damage reached $134 million. Taiwan saw similarly destructive rains which left 32 people dead or missing. A further 14 lives were lost in mainland China where coastal flooding from the typhoon's slow movement coincided with the spring tide, resulting in the greatest storm surge since 1949 along the Yangtze estuary and Hangzhou Bay. Much of Japan saw rains from the storm, though no significant damage or loss of life took place in the country.
Meteorological history
On August 23, 1981, following several days of tranquil weather, a tropical upper tropospheric trough (TUTT) began building westward from the International Date Line, near Wake Island. Over the following 36 hours, an expansive area of convection developed southwest of the organizing TUTT. On August 25, surface observations on Guam in the Mariana Islands indicated the presence of a low-pressure system. Coinciding with this, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) declared the formation of a tropical depression at 06:00 UTC. Weather reconnaissance missions throughout the day indicated a 1006 mbar (hPa; ) center west of Guam, prompting the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) to issue a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. Following improvement in the convective structure, the JTWC began warning on the cyclone as Tropical Depression 18W at 18:00 UTC, at which time the depression was situated roughly 665 km (415 mi) west-northwest of Guam.
Tracking west-northwest and later northwest around the southwestern edge of a subtropical ridge, steady intensification of the cyclone ensued. Early on August 27, a reconnaissance plane measured a central pressure of 994 mbar (hPa; ) and flight-level winds of , indicating the system had become a tropical storm. In light of this, the JTWC assigned the name Agnes to the storm. Additionally due to its proximity to the Philippines, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration dubbed the system with the local name Pining. Strengthening occurred at a climatological rate, with Agnes attaining typhoon-status on August 29. A large, banding eye-feature developed within the core of Agnes as it approached the Ryukyu Islands of southwestern Japan. The storm passed 170 km (105 mi) south of Okinawa around 06:00 UTC on August 30 and emerged over the East China Sea. Early on August 31, Agnes achieved its peak strength with winds of 175 km/h (110 mph) and an estimated central pressure of 947 mbar (hPa; ). This ranked it as a Category 2-equivalent on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. The JMA estimated the system to have been slightly weaker, with ten-minute sustained winds of 150 km/h (90 mph) and a pressure of 950 mbar (hPa; ).
As the storm moved over the East China Sea on September 1, Agnes began to interact with a mid-latitude trough situated south of South Korea and began a prolonged extratropical transition. Increasing wind shear exposed the center of the typhoon and displaced convection to the north and east. Subsequent slowing of the cyclone's forward speed as it turned northward resulted in an extended period of heavy rain for much of South Korea. The JTWC estimated Agnes to have become predominantly extratropical by the end of September 1, coinciding with the system weakening below typhoon intensity. The JMA, however, maintained the storm as a tropical system as it began moving northwest. The diminishing cyclone moved over the Korea Strait on September 3 and completed its extratropical transition that afternoon. Accelerating over the Sea of Japan, the remnant storm deepened slightly before striking the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido on September 4 with an estimated pressure of 976 mbar (hPa; ). After moving over the Sea of Okhotsk, Agnes impacted the Kamchatka Peninsula of Russia on September 5. The system then moved over the open waters of the North Pacific and was last noted near the International Date Line on September 6.
Impact
Japan
On August 30, Typhoon Agnes moved through the southern Ryukyu Islands, bringing strong winds and heavy rain to the region. Several islands received more than of rain, and a peak value of was measured on Ishigaki Island. Despite passing through as a typhoon, only Tokashiki received winds of such intensity with a peak gust of . A few other islands reported winds greater than .
After moving over the Sea of Japan, the storm's remnants brought heavy rains to much of Japan the day after a 6.6 Mw earthquake rocked eastern parts of the country. Air and sea transportation across the Korean Strait was cancelled for September 3. Landslides were reported across Kyushu, though no casualties occurred. On Shin-Kamigotō, Nagasaki, rain fell at rates of per hour on September 3 as Agnes passed to the north. Rainfall in the mainland peaked at on Chausuyama in Aichi Prefecture.
China and Taiwan
Though Agnes did not directly impact Taiwan, prolonged southwesterly flow associated with the typhoon brought torrential rains to the island. Flooding in southern Taiwan was considered the worst in 30 years; 32 people were killed or left missing. More than of rain fell in the cities of Chiayi, Tainan, Kaohsiung, and Pingtung. Flood waters, reaching depths of , inundated 238,256 acres (96,419 hectares) of farmland and destroyed 140 homes. An estimated 3,000 people were left homeless.
Significant water rise occurred along the Yangtze estuary and Hangzhou Bay in mainland China as Agnes remained just east of the area for 36 hours and the coincidence of the spring tide. A peak storm surge of was measured in the region with continuous onshore flow, the highest since 1949; conversely, in areas with continuous offshore flow, water levels fell by . Model simulations of the event estimated that a surge affected the Waigaoqiao Free Trade Zone in Shanghai. Offshore, 300 vessels sank while the resulting inland floods killed 14 people. Authorities in Shanghai mobilized 100,000 personnel to limit the extent of the floods as 200 sections of seawall collapsed. According to local newspapers, 59,700 acres (24,100 hectares) of farmland flooded and 4,280 homes were damaged. Losses were estimated in the millions of dollars.
High winds downed many trees across the region and debris littered the streets of Shanghai. United States President Jimmy Carter, wrapping up an inspection of the Chinese Navy, was scheduled to take a cruise out of the Huangpu River; however, the typhoon forced the vessel to remain at port.
South Korea
Between September 1 and 3, torrential rains affected much of South Korea, with the heaviest falling well-ahead of the storm itself. Regarded as the heaviest on record in the 20th century, at least fell over a two-day span in the country, resulting in tremendous flash flooding and landslides. This surpassed the previous two-day record of measured in 1928 in Seoul. A record-breaking 24‑hour rainfall of was also measured; however, this was later greatly surpassed by Typhoon Rusa in 2002 which produced during the same time span. The coastal counties of Jangheung, Haenam, and Goheung all saw approximately half of their annual precipitation, between , in one day's time. In addition to the rains, winds up to were measured.
Communications with severed with towns along the southwestern coastline as roads and rail lines were washed away. Thousands of residents sought refuge by moving to higher ground. The Korean relief center reported that 762 homes were destroyed and another 11,700 flooded due to the storm. Other reports indicated that upwards of 5,900 homes were destroyed. More than 191,000 acres (77,300 hectares) of farmland was washed out. Throughout South Korea, 113 people lost their lives. Most of the deaths resulted from landslides, swollen rivers, and collapsed embankments. Total damage in the country amounted to $134 million, with agriculture accounting for at least $24 million. Additionally, 28,000 people were left homeless. The disaster relief agency Hope Bridge provided 7.5 billion won ($10.2 million) in aid to areas affected by the storm.
See also
1981 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoon Maemi – The strongest recorded typhoon to strike South Korea
List of the wettest tropical cyclones by country
Typhoon Rusa – Surpassed Agnes as the wettest tropical cyclone in South Korea in 2002
Tropical Storm Nakri (2014) – The wettest-known tropical cyclone in South Korea as of 2014
Notes
References
Agnes
Typhoon Agnes
Agnes 1981
Agnes 1981
Agnes 1981
Agnes 1981
Agnes 1981
Agnes
The women's 100 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21 and 22 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 August
Wind: +0.6 m/s
Semifinals
22 August
Semifinal 1
Wind: ?.? m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind: -0.8 m/s
Quarterfinals
21 August
Quarterfinal 1
Wind: -1.8 m/s
Quarterfinal 2
Wind: -1.3 m/s
Quarterfinal 3
Wind: -1.3 m/s
Quarterfinal 4
Wind: -1.1 m/s
Heats
21 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Wind: +0.9 m/s
Heat 3
Heat 4
Wind: -0.6 m/s
Heat 5
Heat 6
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 45 athletes from 34 countries participated in the event.
References
100 metres
100 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Wat Chai Mongkhon (, also spelled Chai Mongkol) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Chiang Mai in northern Thailand. The temple is located by the Ping River, on Charoen Prathet Road in the old city center. It is believed to have been built during the reign of King Tilokaraj (1441–1487), and serves an old Mon community. Its architecture demonstrates Amarapura–Mandalay influence.
References
Chai Mongkhon
Out of the Tiger's Mouth is a 1962 American drama film directed by Tim Whelan, Jr. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Loretta Han-Yi Hwong as Little Moon
David Fang as Peaceful
Lilian Wai as Grandma Yang
Y'ang Juo Ch'ing as Mme. Pang
Mario Barri as Mario
Lolita Shek as Su Mei
Ngai Fung as Boatman Feng (as Fung Yi)
Victoria Chan as Beggar girl
See also
List of American films of 1962
References
External links
1962 films
1962 drama films
American black-and-white films
American independent films
American drama films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
The 2009 WNBL Finals was the postseason tournament of the WNBL's 2008–09 season. The Adelaide Lightning were the defending champions but were defeated by Townsville in the Semi Finals. The Canberra Capitals won their sixth WNBL championship with a 61–58 win over the Bulleen Boomers.
Standings
Bracket
<onlyinclude>
Elimination Final
(4) Adelaide Lightning vs. (5) Bendigo Spirit
Semi Finals
(1) Canberra Capitals vs. (2) Bulleen Boomers
(3) Townsville Fire vs. (4) Adelaide Lightning
Preliminary Final
(2) Bulleen Boomers vs. (3) Townsville Fire
Grand Final
(1) Canberra Capitals vs. (2) Bulleen Boomers
Rosters
References
2009 Finals
2008-09
Women's National Basketball League Finals
2008–09 in Australian basketball
Aus
basketball
basketball
is a Tongan born Japanese rugby union player who plays as a Flanker. He currently plays for in Super Rugby.
References
1991 births
Living people
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in rugby union
Sunwolves players
Japanese rugby union players
Saitama Wild Knights players
Hanazono Kintetsu Liners players
Sir Charles Roderick Hunter, 3rd Baronet (6 July 1858 – 24 June 1924) was a British army officer and Conservative Party politician.
The second son of Sir Claudius Stephen Paul Hunter, 2nd Baronet and his wife Constance née Bosanquet, he was educated at Eton College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the 64th (2nd Staffordshire) Regiment of Foot in January 1878. In May of the same year he transferred to the Rifle Brigade, and in 1880 he was promoted to full lieutenant. In 1884 he was appointed aide de camp to Lord Alexander Russell, commander in chief of troops in Canada, and seconded to the general staff. He returned to his regiment in September 1885, promoted to captain.
In 1887 he married Agnes Lillie Kennard of Crawley, Hampshire.
In 1890 he succeeded his father in the baronetcy (his older brother having died), retiring to the reserve of officers, and accepting a commission as major in the 1st London (City of London Rifle Volunteer Brigade) Volunteer Rifle Corps, a unit of the part-time Volunteer Force.
After the outbreak of the Second Boer War, Hunter was seconded for service with the Imperial Yeomanry. He left Southampton on board the SS Scot in January 1900, arriving in South Africa the following month.
In January 1910 he was elected as one of two members of parliament (MPs) for Bath alongside Lord Alexander Thynne. The two members were re-elected at the December 1910 election. During the First World War returned to the general staff, holding the temporary rank of major from 1914 – 1916. In September 1918 Thynne died and Charles Foxcroft was elected in his place. In December 1918 Bath was reduced to a single-member constituency, and Hunter stood down in favour of Foxcroft.
Hunter died at his London home from complications after undergoing an operation in June 1924. He was buried in Stratfield Mortimer, site of the family seat, Mortimer Hill. He had no children, and the baronetcy became extinct on his death.
References
External links
1858 births
1924 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
Rifle Brigade officers
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
London Rifle Brigade officers
North Staffordshire Regiment officers
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
Russell Waters (born 10 June 1908, Glasgow, Lanarkshire – died 19 August 1982, Richmond, Surrey) was a Scottish film actor.
Waters was educated at Hutchesons' Grammar School, Glasgow and the University of Glasgow. He began acting with the Old English Comedy and Shakespeare Company then appeared in repertory theatre, at the Old Vic and in the West End. On screen Waters generally found himself playing mild mannered characters. Waters played the leading man in Richard Massingham's amusing instructional short subjects, among them Tell Me If It Hurts (1936), And So Work (1937), The Daily Round (1947) and What a Life! (1948).
In feature films, Waters played secondary roles such as Craggs in The Blue Lagoon (1949), Mr. West in The Happiest Days of Your Life, Palmer in Chance of a Lifetime and "Wings" Cameron in The Wooden Horse (all three in 1950). In later years, Waters was briefly seen as the Harbour master in The Wicker Man (1973), and his final film role was as Dr. Jones in Ken Loach's Black Jack in 1979.
Among his television appearances was that of an aggrieved butler, Stephens, in a 1965 episode of The Human Jungle (starring Herbert Lom).
Selected filmography
The Woman in the Hall (1947) - Alfred
London Belongs to Me (1948) - Clerk of the Court
Once a Jolly Swagman (1949) - Mr. Pusey
The Blue Lagoon (1949) - Craggs
Marry Me! (1949) - Mr. Pearson
Obsession (1949) - Flying Squad detective
Dear Mr. Prohack (1949) - Cartwright
The Happiest Days of Your Life (1950) - Mr. West
Chance of a Lifetime (1950) - Palmer
State Secret (1950) - Clubman
The Wooden Horse (1950) - 'Wings' Cameron
Seven Days to Noon (1950) - Det. Davis
The Magnet (1950) - Doctor
Pool of London (1951) - Sgt. - River Police (uncredited)
The Browning Version (1951) - School Doorman (uncredited)
Captain Horatio Hornblower (1951) - Seaman (uncredited)
Calling Bulldog Drummond (1951) - Ex-service Men Collector (uncredited)
The Man in the White Suit (1951) - Davidson
Lady Godiva Rides Again (1951) - Cigar Smoker in Shop (uncredited)
Green Grow the Rushes (1951) - Joseph Bainbridge (farmer)
Outcast of the Islands (1951) - 2nd Englishman in Snooker Room (uncredited)
Mr. Denning Drives North (1951) - Harry Stoper
Death of an Angel (1952) - Walter Grannage
Angels One Five (1952) - Airman
Saturday Island (1952) - Dr. Snyder
Castle in the Air (1952) - Moffat
You're Only Young Twice (1952) - (uncredited)
The Brave Don't Cry (1952) - Hughie Aitken
Miss Robin Hood (1952) - Bunyan
The Long Memory (1953) - Scotson (uncredited)
Time Bomb (1953) - Ticket Collector (uncredited)
Street Corner (1953) - Det. Constable Brown
The Cruel Sea (1953) - A.R.P. Warden
Grand National Night (1953) - Plainclothes Detective
Turn the Key Softly (1953) - George Jenkins
The Sword and the Rose (1953) - Sailor
Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue (1953) - Hugh MacGregor
Adventure in the Hopfields (1954) - Mr. Quin
The Maggie (1954) - Hailing Officer
The Sleeping Tiger (1954) - Manager of Pearce & Mann
Sherlock Holmes Case of The Pennsylvania Gun -Inspector MacLeod (1954)
The Young Lovers (1954) - Counterman (uncredited)
Third Party Risk (1954) - The Scientist
Lease of Life (1954) - Mr. Russell
Passing Stranger (1954) - (uncredited)
Isn't Life Wonderful! (1954) - Green
The Love Match (1955) - Mr. Postlewaite (uncredited)
John and Julie (1955) - Garage Policeman
Now and Forever (1956) - Sgt. Gibson (uncredited)
Reach for the Sky (1956) - Pearson (uncredited)
It's Great to Be Young (1956) - Mr. Scott, School Inspector
The Man in the Sky (1957) - Sim
Interpol (1957) - Company man
Let's Be Happy (1957) - Hotel Reception Clerk
The Key (1958) - Sparks
A Night to Remember (1958) - Chief Clerk - Victualling Department (uncredited)
Next to No Time (1958) - Clerk
Left Right and Centre (1959) - Mr. Bray
Yesterday's Enemy (1959) - Brigadier
The Bridal Path (1959) - Bank Cashier
Danger Tomorrow (1960) - Steve
The Day They Robbed the Bank of England (1960) - Strand receptionist (uncredited)
Man in the Moon (1960) - Woomera director
Bomb in the High Street (1961) - Trent
Flat Two (1962) - Clerk of the Court
Play It Cool (1962) - Euston Porter #1 (uncredited)
Reach for Glory (1962) - Mr. Freeman
The War Lover (1962) - Pub Landlord (uncredited)
The Amorous Prawn (1962) - McLeod (uncredited)
The Flood (1963)
I Could Go On Singing (1963) - Reynolds
The Punch and Judy Man (1963) - Bobby Bachelor
Heavens Above! (1963) - Bit Part, Cabinet Office (uncredited)
80,000 Suspects (1963) - Town Clerk of Bath (uncredited)
Crooks in Cloisters (1964) - Ship's Chandler
The Heroes of Telemark (1965) - Sr. Sandersen
The Trygon Factor (1966) - Sgt. Chivers
The Devil Rides Out (1968) - Malin
Twisted Nerve (1968) - Hospital Attendant (uncredited)
Kidnapped (1971) - Advocates Secretary
The Wicker Man (1973) - Harbour Master
Black Jack (1979) - Dr. Jones
References
External links
1908 births
1982 deaths
Scottish male stage actors
Scottish male film actors
Scottish male television actors
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
People educated at Hutchesons' Grammar School
20th-century Scottish male actors
The Western Wall Tunnel riots erupted on 24 September, 1996 and lasted for three days, after Israel's opening of the Western Wall Tunnel to the public, which led to the first violent conflict between the Israeli Defence Forces (IDF) and the Palestinian National Security Forces (NSF), which was authorized two years earlier, as a result of the Oslo Accords. In the riots which spread into the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, 25 IDF soldiers were killed while dozens wounded, and nearly 100 Palestinians were killed while 1,000 wounded.
Timeline
Sept 24: The Western Wall is evacuated after Palestinians throw stones at Jewish worshippers.
Sept 25: Five Palestinians were killed and hundreds injured in Ramallah after Israeli soldiers opened fire.
Sept 26: In Nablus, six Israeli soldiers died when Palestinians attacked their post at the Tomb of Joseph. In Gaza, Palestinians attacked army posts and settlements, leading to 25 Palestinian deaths. A total of 11 Israelis and at least 39 Palestinians died this day.
Sept 27: In Tulkarm, hundreds of Palestinians attacked a border post, leading to a clash in which two Israelis and one Palestinian died. In Jericho, three Palestinians were killed by Israeli fire. And in Rafah, Gaza, Palestinians attacked an Israeli post, killing one soldier.
References
Protests in the Palestinian territories
1996 in Israel
1996 in the Palestinian territories
Battles involving Israel
Jean Kennedy McFarlane, Baroness McFarlane of Llandaff, FRCN, MCSP (1 April 1926 – 13 May 2012), was a British nurse and member of the House of Lords.
Biography
McFarlane was born in Cardiff, Wales, and later trained as a nurse, a midwife, and as a health visitor before going on to pursue a successful career in nursing teaching and administration. She studied sociology at Bedford College, London. In the 1960s she participated in the Royal College of Nursing research programme "Study of Nursing Care". In 1974 she became the holder of the first Chair of Nursing at an English university (the University of Manchester) and held it until 1989.
McFarlane served on the Royal Commission on the National Health Service, 1976–79 (Chairman: Sir Alec Merrison).
A committed Christian, she served as a member of the general synod of the Church of England 1990–1994.
House of Lords
McFarlane was created a life peer in the House of Lords as Baroness McFarlane of Llandaff, of Llandaff in the County of South Glamorgan on 30 July 1979, in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
McFarlane was a member of four select committees of the House of Lords. As well as being a Vice President of the League of Nurses of St Bartholomew's Hospital, she was a Fellow of the Royal College of Nursing and a trustee of numerous charities. In 2005, she was awarded the British Journal of Nursing's Lifetime Achievement Award.
Legacy
In 2009, a new building of the University of Manchester was named the Jean McFarlane Building. It is situated to the east of University Place and is one of many completed in recent years.
Publications
Baroness McFarlane was the author of a number of studies, notably A Guide to the Practice of Nursing Using the Nursing Process, 1982.
References
1926 births
2012 deaths
People from Cardiff
Academics of the University of Manchester
Welsh nurses
British non-fiction writers
Crossbench life peers
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
People educated at Howell's School Llandaff
Fellows of the Royal College of Nursing
Place of death missing
James Howard (born November 16, 1969) is an American basketball coach who is currently the head women's basketball coach at Georgetown University, a role he has held since 2017. A native of Washington, D.C., he has spent the majority of his coaching career in the Washington metropolitan area.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Georgetown Hoyas profile
1969 births
Living people
Basketball coaches from Washington, D.C.
Greensboro Pride men's basketball coaches
Wesley Wolverines men's basketball coaches
Wesley Wolverines women's basketball coaches
Georgetown Hoyas women's basketball coaches
Maryland Terrapins women's basketball coaches
George Mason Patriots women's basketball coaches
Delaware State Hornets women's basketball coaches
Howard Bison women's basketball coaches
Bethune–Cookman Wildcats women's basketball coaches
Landol (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name
Landol was attested in written sources as Landol in 1313 (and as Londol in 1335, Landovia in 1398, and Lanndaw in 1406). The name is a compound, formed from *lani 'hind, female red deer' + dol 'valley', thus 'red deer valley'. Compare also Runtole, formerly known as Landoll.
History
A major trade route connecting Ljubljana with the sea passed through Landol from Roman times until the mid-18th century. A toll house, mentioned in written sources in 1398, was established in the village, and there was also a customs office.
Slovenian Partisans were active in the area during the Second World War and had a bunker in the area. In December 1944, the Partisans burned the lumber at the sawmill in the hamlet of Brinje. The steam-powered sawmill stopped operating in 1948.
Churches
There are two churches in the settlement. The church in the hamlet of Brinje is dedicated to Saint Nicholas, and the small church in Landol itself is dedicated to Saint Josse. Both churches belong to the Parish of Hrenovice.
References
External links
Landol on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
"You're Never Too Old for Young Love" is a song written by Frank J. Myers and Rick Giles, and recorded by American country music artist Eddy Raven. It was released in March 1987 as the third single from the album Right Hand Man. The song reached #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Chart performance
References
1987 singles
1986 songs
Eddy Raven songs
Songs written by Frank J. Myers
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Rick Giles
Çobankaya is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 302 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
The 58th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
Increasing the 9th Battalion Alabama Infantry to ten companies by addition of Capt. John A. Avirett's "St. Clair Sharpshooters" and Capt. Samuel D. Oliver's Co. "E", 2nd Battalion Georgia Sharpshooters, the Confederate States War Department announced the 58th Alabama Infantry Regiment on August 13, 1863 (S.O. 192, A.& I.G.O). The official date is usually cited as July 25, 1863, the day that Secretary of War James Seddon initialed the proposal to organize this regiment
Companies and their captains -
“A” of St. Clair County, Alabama, "Springville Volunteers”, Capt. George S. Markham,
“B” of Fayette County, Alabama, Capt. Edward Crenshaw,
“C” of Jefferson County, Alabama and St. Clair County, Alabama, Capt. Wayne E. Lee,
“D” of St. Clair County, Alabama, Capt. William M. Inzer,
“E” of Butler County, Alabama, “Ben Edwards Grays”, Capt. Gilbert G. Holland,
“F” of Calhoun County, Alabama, Capt. Samuel D. McClellen,
“G” of St. Clair County, Alabama, “Saint Clair Greys”, Capt. Sidney F. Lister,
“H” of Dallas County, Alabama, Capt. Calvin L. Harrell,
“I” of St. Clair County, Alabama, “Saint Clair Sharpshooters”, Capt. John A. Avirett, Jr.,
“K” of Autauga County, Alabama and Montgomery County, Alabama, Capt. Samuel D. Oliver.
On November 23, 1863, this regiment and the 32nd Regiment Alabama Infantry were consolidated to form the 32nd and 58th (Consolidated) Alabama Infantry Regiment.
Total strength and casualties
Battle of Chickamauga, Georgia, September 18–20, 1863.
September 18, 1863 - 34 officers, 253 enlisted men. 1 killed.
September 19, 1863 - 34 officers, 250 enlisted men. 3 killed, 58 wounded.
September 20, 1863 - 29 officers, 201 enlisted men. 21 killed, 66 wounded.
Total loss - 25 killed, 124 wounded (52% casualties).
Field and staff officers present -
Col. Bush Jones, commanding regiment
Lt. Col. John W. Inzer, slightly wounded September 19
Major Harry I. Thornton, wounded September 19
1st Lt. and Adjutant Robert T. Harris, wounded September 19
Asst. Surgeon Robert J. Turner, wounded September 19
Company commanders -
"A", 2nd Lt. A. Sidney Hinton,
"B", Capt. Edward Crenshaw, wounded September 20,
"C", Capt. Wayne E. Lee,
"D", 1st Lt. James F. Stone,
"E", Capt. Gilbert G. Holland, wounded September 20,
"F", Capt. Samuel D. McClellen, wounded September 19, succeeded by 1st Lt. John F. McClellen,
"G", 1st Lt. Almeth B. Vandergrift,
"H", Capt. Calvin L. Harrell, wounded September 20,
"I", Capt. John A. Avirett, Jr., slightly wounded September 20,
"K", 2nd Lt. William P. Mills, wounded September 20, succeeded by 2nd Lt. Albert T. Goodwyn.
Field officers
Colonel Bush Jones, appointed August 12, 1863, to rank July 25, 1863; formerly lieutenant colonel, 9th Alabama Infantry Battalion.
Lieutenant Colonel John Washington Inzer, appointed August 12, 1863, to rank July 25, 1863; formerly major, 9th Alabama Infantry Battalion. Wounded at Chickamauga, Georgia, September 19, 1863. Wounded and captured at Missionary Ridge, Tennessee, November 25, 1863. Released at Johnson's Island, Ohio, June 27, 1865.
Major Harry I. Thornton, appointed August 12, 1863, to rank July 25, 1863; formerly captain and assistant adjutant general (A.A.G.) on the staff of General Braxton Bragg. Wounded at Chickamauga, Georgia, September 19, 1863; Resaca, Georgia, May [15,] 1864, and Atlanta, Georgia, July [22,] 1864. Paroled at Meridian, Mississippi, May 10, 1865.
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
References
External links
Sean Flynt, "Museum Honors Reconstruction Era Trustee", The Belltower, August 2005. (article on John Washington Inzer)
"Harry I. Thornton", C. C. Goodwin, As I Remember Them (Salt Lake City: Privately published, 1913), pp. 207–212
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1863 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1863
Rietoog is a settlement in the Hardap Region of Namibia. It is situated southwest of Rehoboth and north of Maltahöhe along the M47 gravel road. The name Rietoog means Cane-eye, named after a spring that looks like an eye, surrounded by canes, near the town.
History
The Basters, a group from South Africa, moved to the area in the 1890s.
Geography and climate
Rietoog has a very dry climate and is surrounded by mountains. Little rainfall has led to a low water supply. Most of the water is supplied from the water tank in the school playground.
Many people keep domestic animals such as horses, dogs, cats, and donkeys. Local plants include the camelthorn tree. A geological feature in the area is the Rietoog Nappe which is said to be "separated from the 4 upper, allochthonous units by a major sole thrust."
Economy, education and transport
Rietoog has a school and two small shops. The school, WJD Cloete Junior Secondary School, opened in 1949, and currently has about 250 learners in grades 1-10. To travel locally people ride in donkey carts, which are carts pulled by 2-4 donkeys. A minibus transports people to the nearest, larger town of Rehoboth.
Cars are used by a few residents, but there are settlements off the main road and behind the school, which are inaccessible by any form of transport. The M47 gravel road is used as a thoroughfare between Rehoboth and Naukluft.
References
Populated places in the Hardap Region
The men's 77 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 10 December 1998 at Thunder Dome, Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex.
Results
Legend
NM — No mark
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
The DB Class 218 (before 1968 the DB Class V 164) are a class of 4-axle, diesel-hydraulic locomotives acquired by the Deutsche Bundesbahn for use on main and secondary lines for both passenger and freight trains.
The class represents the final major revision of the DB V 160 family of locomotives; having the preferred features of the antecedent locomotives, including a hydrodynamic brake, and a single engine providing electrical train heating via a generator as well as tractive power. The class were also the most numerous of the family, providing the backbone of the Deutsche Bundesbahn's main-line diesel locomotive traction from the 1970s up to the reunification of Germany.
Despite being displaced from many workings by DMUs, electrification, and inherited DR Class 130s, as of 2009 a significant number of the class still remain active throughout Germany.
Background, history and design
The locomotives of series 218 were the last of the V 160 family to be developed; the main new feature was the use of a single engine to provide tractive power as well as electrical train heating when required (via an attached generator), the simplification over the two engined DB Class 217 was preferred, and was made possible by the availability of a higher powered (~1840 kW) engine compared to the original DB Class V 160 (~1400 kW).
In 1966 an initial twelve prototype locomotives were ordered from Krupp by the DB, for which the V 164 numbering was given, the main order came after the change to a 'computer compatible' UIC numbering scheme (See DB locomotive classification) which gave the number 218 as the reporting code for this class of locomotives.
The main series of 398 machines was produced between 1971 and 1979, by Krupp, Henschel, Krauss-Maffei and MaK. Additionally the engine DB 215 112, after being badly damaged in 1975 was repaired to Class 218 specification, and renumbered 218 399.
With a power of 2500 to 2800 hp and a top speed of 140 km/h, and the ability to work in multiple with related classes 215, 216, 217 and 218 as well as other classes, and coupled with electric heating and a low speed gear for heavier freight trains the locomotives became the main source of motive power in West Germany on both passenger and freight trains outside electrified sections.
The turn of the second millennium and the preceding few years saw a change from locomotive hauled trains to increasing use of 'diesel railcars' (or DMUs, diesel multiple units). This led to a reduction in the demand for these locomotives on passenger services, with many falling out of use, or only finding work pulling freight trains, nevertheless, in 2000 the locomotives were still in use on mainline long-distance trains.
By January 2008 there were approximately 220 copies still active.
Technical information
The design of the series as fundamentally the same as the rest of the V 160 family: all four axles are driven via cardan shafts by a Voith two speed hydraulic transmission which in turn is driven by a diesel engine, fuel and oil are located between the bogies under the main frame, on either side of the centrally located transmission, there are two cabs (which have slightly different windows). Externally the machines are very similar to the other members of the class, being of the longer variant at 16.4 m.
The tractive and braking forces are transmitted to the main mass of the locomotive via transverse beams attached to the main longitudinal supporting beams, the superstructure is made from sheet steel, forming a shell.
The framework supported on coil springs on the bogies, from 218 299 onwards flexicoil suspension was used, per bogie side and from the bogies.
There are two walkways connecting the cabins inside the body.
Engines
Over time, several diesel engines have been used as propulsion; the first series received the MA MTU 12V 956 TB10 with
Because of the available power at rail being reduced when operating at full electric heating power some machines were fitted with a French 16 Pielstick PA4 V200 engine with around built under license by KHD.
MTU developed from the TB10 engine a TB11 with greater power of which was fitted to more than half the class.
With the introduction of more stringent emission requirements, as well as the original engines being badly worn, or in an attempt to improve efficiency, a number of upgrades have been investigated or fitted, including:
TB11 engines fitted with emission reducing kit.
Electronic engine management fitted to TB11 engines.
Testing of entirely new engines, leading to:
Procurement of numerous 16 V R40/41 MTU engines as replacements
4 locomotives fitted with Caterpillar Inc engines
Following the upgrades most of the class have either emission-improved TB11 engines or MTU 4000 engines.
Since 1985, the locomotives have had additional engine exhaust devices fitted on the roof with a scoop like appearance – the purpose of these is to direct the exhaust flow, preventing overhead wire being coated by any particulate or condensed emissions. The 'scoops' also increase the exhaust flow speed, by reducing the diameter of the exhaust - thus launching the combusted vapours higher in the air, and reducing the likelihood of passengers being coated with engine smoke.
Electrical equipment
The Indusi safety system is usually a Lorenz Indusi I-60. The original 36-pin inter-unit electrical connectors allows double traction control, auto door locking when not at a standstill, and can transmit driver announcements when attached to a passenger train, in addition to equipment for passenger information systems.
Originally the electrical power from the generator for the carriages was controlled with a simple Cycloconverter, later GTO Thyristor controlled supply circuits that had an intermediate DC circuit were used to create the AC carriage supply. (see Inverter)
Liveries
The first locomotives were delivered in the usual 'crimson' (RAL 3004) of that time. In 1974 218 217 and 218 218 were used as test vehicles for new colour schemes : 218 218 was the first locomotive in the new ocean blue-beige (turquoise/cream) finish (RAL 5020/RAL 1001). 218 217 received an experimental livery in the TEE red and beige (RAL 1001/RAL 3004).
The turquoise/cream colour became a new standard for the 218, whilst the 218 217 in the burgundy and beige remained a loner, for almost thirty years, until 753 001 (ex 217 001) became the second locomotive from the V160 family to receive this colour scheme.
By the late 2000s the turquoise/cream colour had virtually disappeared, the last representative being DB AutoZug 218 320.
In 1984 for the City-Bahn railway on the Cologne - Gummersbach ten locomotives were painted in pure orange (RAL 2004) with a grey stripe, after the project ended they retained the livery until the 1990s when they received the orientrot scheme of the 'oriental red' color (RAL 3031) with a white marking, the last 218 135 being repainted in 1996
The remaining Class 218 locomotives are almost entirely in the current traffic-red (RAL 3020) colour scheme.
As an oddity 218 473 was, for four years from April 2005 onwards, painted in a dark blue "King Ludwig" livery, sponsored by model train manufacturer Märklin.
Variants
A number of locomotives have been rebuilt and/or reclassified due to changing requirements:
DB Class 218.9
The DB Class 218.9 resulted from the Deutsche Bundesbahn's flirtation with diesel locomotives boosted by gas turbine engines in the 1970s. Problems with gas turbine engine lifespan, and reduced fuel efficiency, coupled with two turbine failures resulted in the small class of eight Class 210 machines being rebuilt as class 218.9 at the beginning of the 1980s. This subclass was number 218-901 to 218-908. They were decommissioned and scrapped between 2004 and 2006.
DB AG Series 210.4
A second set of locomotives designated Class 210 was created by the Deutsche Bahn AG in 1996 for the inter-city line from Munich via Berlin to Hamburg with non powered driving trailers, on which the original Class 120 was used.
Between the stations of Nauen and 'Berlin Zoological Gardens' the route was only partially electrified; in this electrification gap the train (complete with a DB Class 120 E-Lok) was towed by the diesels.
In 1996 the machines for this task were created from locomotives 218 430 to 434 and 218 456 to 462 which were stationed in Lübeck and were in particularly good condition. For this task the locomotives needed to be approved for running at 160 km/h (the same maximum speed at which the original Class 210 had run). The original hydraulic transmission was rated in its upper gear to 160 km/h, but the drive shafts needed to be uprated for the increased speed.. The individual locomotive numbers were preserved - thus DB 218 430 became DB 210 430.
Following the full electrification of the line the locomotives returned to normal stock duties, in December 1998 the locomotives were rebuilt again and became Class 218 machines once again.
DB AG Series 218.8
15 locomotives were converted (in Bremen) for towing and shunting tasks - being fitted with a Scharfenberg coupler for modern coaching stock, they are used on the S-Bahn networks; found in all the major railway stations.
218 228 is found in the S-Bahn area of Frankfurt, 218 191 in the S-Bahn around Stuttgart, others at Darmstadt and Plochingen (218 191).
Some of this sub-class were equipped for towing ICE trains, and used in multiple on the new (rebuilt) lines of Cologne-Rhine Main and Nuremberg-Ingolstadt.
These 15 locomotives are based at the locomotive depots at Frankfurt/Main (nine locomotives) and Berlin-Rummelsburg (six locomotives).
DB AG Series 225.8
Class 215 and Class 218 locomotives transferred to DB Railion for freight work were renumbered as Class 225, with the Class 218 locomotives forming the sub-series 225.8.
Operations
The Class 218 was a successful design made with the most modern and sophisticated components that were available in 1968. With a relatively high speed of 140 km/h, the locomotives proved useful on TEE Bavaria, and with n-wagons with which they operated well past the year 2000.
Furthermore, after the dissolution of the GDR, and the merging of the two German railway systems they proved useful again on non-electrified sections of the former Deutsche Reichsbahn, however in the former West Germany some intercity services began to be operated by the DB Class 232 and 234 locomotives.
The locomotives were stationed in the depots of Regensburg, Stendal, Lübeck, Brunswick, Ulm, Hagen, Mühldorf, Karlsruhe, Rostock Hbf, Kempten, Halting and Kaiserslautern.
In 2000 there were 415 active machines, at this time also began the first decommissioning of machines that were found to be in a bad state of repair on their scheduled inspections. At this time DBAG began to economise its fleet:
The locomotives with serial numbers 101 to 399 were to be kept until 2003, but then be either retired, transferred for internal use, or sold to DB AutoZug.
The 218.4 locomotives capable of push pull operation were to be used with double decker passenger coaches.
The prototypes locomotives were reclassified as Class 225.8 and transferred to DB Cargo for freight use.
The 218.8 sub-class modified for towing ICE trains remained in service.
In March 2008 were 235 active machines, or about 60% of the total Serienloks.
Notes
References
Other sources
Technical, livery, and basic deployment information.
Construction information.
Brief technical information, information on museum and infrastructure (Deutsche Bahn Gleisbau GmbH) locomotives.
Detailed information on engines, transmission, individual locomotive service history etc. With comprehensive image gallery.
Literature
External links
218
B-B locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1968
Krupp locomotives
Henschel locomotives
Krauss-Maffei locomotives
MaK locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Diesel-hydraulic locomotives of Germany
Mixed traffic locomotives
Travers is an English and Irish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Allan Travers (1892–1968), Major League Baseball pitcher
Ben Travers (1886–1980), English writer
Bill Travers (1922–1994), English actor, screenwriter, director and animal rights activist
Bill Travers (baseball) (born 1952), former Major League Baseball pitcher
Dan Travers (born 1956), Scottish badminton player
David Travers, South Australian corporate advisor and former senior public servant
Dow Travers (born 1987), Caymanian athlete
Emily Travers, New Zealand cricketer
Francis Travers, English cricketer
George Travers (1888–1946), English footballer and FA Cup winner with Barnsley F.C.
George Travers (rugby player) (1877–1945), Welsh international rugby union player
Henry Travers (1874–1965), English actor
James Travers (1820–1884), Anglo-Irish recipient of the Victorian Cross
Jerome Travers (1887–1951), American amateur golfer
Joe Travers (1871–1942), Australian cricketer
John Travers (actor) (born 1989), Irish actor
John Travers (composer) (1703–1758), English composer
John Raymond Travers (born 1967), Australian convicted of the 1986 murder of Anita Cobby
Lily Travers, British actress and model
Linden Travers (1913–2001), British actress
Mark Travers (born 1999), Irish footballer
Mary Rose-Anna Travers (1894–1941), Québécoise singer known as Madame Bolduc or La Bolduc
Mary Travers (journalist) (born 1958), American television journalist
Mary Travers (1936–2009), American singer; member of the folk music trio Peter, Paul and Mary
Morris Travers (1872–1961), English chemist
P. L. Travers (1899–1996), Australian author best known for Mary Poppins
Paddy Travers (1883–1962), Scottish footballer and manager
Pat Travers (born 1954), Canadian rock guitarist and singer
Peter Travers, American film critic
Sarah Travers (born 1974), Northern Irish journalist
Susan Travers (1909–2003), English soldier and adventurer who served with the French Foreign Legion
Thomas Otho Travers (1785–1844), Irish soldier, friend and aide-de-camp to Sir Stamford Rafffles
Walter Travers (1548?–1635), English Puritan theologian
William Travers (New Zealand politician) (1819–1903), New Zealand lawyer, politician, explorer, and naturalist
William R. Travers (1819–1887), American lawyer and investor
Fictional characters include:
Angela Travers, in P. G. Wodehouse's Jeeves stories
Boyd Travers, protagonist in the computer game Medal of Honor: Airborne
Cody Travers, lead character in the Final Fight video games
Dahlia Travers, known as Aunt Dahlia in P. G. Wodehouse's Jeeves stories
Kyle Travers, Cody's brother and protagonist in the video game Final Fight: Streetwise
Quentin Travers, a member of the Watchers' Council in the Buffy The Vampire Slayer TV series
Torquil Travers, a member of the Pure-blood Travers family from J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.
Richard Travers, a character played by Rex Linn in the 1993 film Cliffhanger
References
Norman-language surnames
English-language surnames
Avtek was a U.S. aircraft manufacturer established at Camarillo, California in 1982 by Robert Adickes, Robert Honeycutt and Quinten Ward with the intention of producing a business aircraft of composite construction, the Avtek 400. Foreign investment was obtained from firms in Denmark, Finland, Germany, and Japan.
In 1991, a European subsidiary, EuroAvtek was formed, jointly owned by Avtek, Per Udsen, and the government of Denmark, to oversee sales and marketing on the continent. Avtek filed for bankruptcy in 1998 without achieving type certification for the prototype. Its assets were purchased by Ward personally, who then formed the AvtekAir corporation to continue development.
References
AvtekAir company website
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Ventura County, California
Companies established in 1982
1982 establishments in California
Waterloo North was a provincial electoral district represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from Confederation in 1867 until 1999.
It was abolished in 1999 when provincial ridings were defined to have the same borders as federal ridings. Most of its area lies within the boundaries of the current riding of Kitchener—Waterloo.
Members of Provincial Parliament
Results
See also
Waterloo North, federal riding which existed 1867-1968
External links
1995 election results, Elections Ontario
Former provincial electoral districts of Ontario
The 1880 Columbia football team represented Columbia University in the 1880 college football season.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
Columbia Football
Oxisopred is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Glucocorticoids
Triketones
Triols
Abandoned drugs
Interrabang is a 1969 Italian giallo film directed by Giuliano Biagetti, starring Haydee Politoff and Beba Lončar. The title refers to the "Interrobang" (‽), a punctuation mark that combines a question mark and an exclamation mark, which appears on a necklace worn by the character Valeria throughout the film.
Plot
One summer day, famous fashion photographer Fabrizio sails to a Mediterranean small island for a shoot, accompanied by his business partner wife Anna, Israeli model Maregalit, and Anna's sister Valeria. A radio news bulletin reports that an escaped convict has murdered a policeman and is still on the run. The group discover that their boat has run out of fuel, and Fabrizio hitches a ride on a passing speedboat to return to the mainland in order to get a petrol can. So, the three women are left to explore the island and meet a mysterious man, Marco, who affirms to be a writer. They also discover the corpse of a policeman, which then disappears.
Cast
Haydee Politoff as Valeria
Corrado Pani as Marco
Beba Lončar as Anna
Umberto Orsini as Fabrizio
Shoshana Cohen as Maregalit
Edmondo Saglio as Policeman on boat
Tellino Tellini as Policeman on boat
Antonietta Fiorito as Girl on speedboat
Home media
Interrabang was released on Region 2 DVD in Italy in 2012, however the release does not include English subtitles.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack to Interrabang, composed by Berto Pisano, was released on CD in Italy in 2005.
References
External links
Interrabang at Variety Distribution
Information about the film's soundtrack
1969 films
1960s Italian-language films
Italian crime thriller films
Italian drama films
Giallo films
Films directed by Giuliano Biagetti
Films scored by Berto Pisano
1960s Italian films
Abdel Jabbar Adwan is a Palestinian writer and novelist. He worked in the field of media and communications and used to write a weekly article in Al-Sharqul Awsat Newspaper. He also wrote a weekly article for the Daily Stars Lebanese newspaper. He was a consultant on Middle Eastern affairs during the First Palestinian Uprising (Intifada) for a number of European TV channels. He was one of the founders of the “Arab Organization for Human Rights,” and he was elected twice for its presidency in the Britain branch.
His Publications
Abdel Jabbar Adwan published three books: Anyabul Kharuf (The Sheep's Fangs), Ash-Shuhada' (The Martyrs), and Thamanul Istiqlal (The Price of Independence). He was several novels, including Siyasatun Fil Janna (Politics in Paradise), which was banned in some Arab countries, and it was nominated by Dar Al-Farabi publishing for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction – also known as the Poker Prize. His novel Rawi Córdoba (The Storyteller of Córdoba) got the tenth nomination in the International Prize for Arabic Fiction last year. His novel Bumat Barbara (The Owl of Barbara) - published by Dar Al-Farabi Publishing – is a novel based on real events talking about life in the author's village, the Palestinian village of Barbara, which was depopulated and destroyed during the Nakba. His fourth novel, published in 2013, Fitnatul Kursi (The Seduction of The Chair), which was described by the author as “a novel whose events take place in the pre-Islamic and post-Islamic eras, and its geography spreads across the whole world.” His fifth novel Ḥaffatul Nur (The Edge of Light), and it is a novel in three parts. The first part takes place during 5000 B.C. He also has a novel titled Shaʿabul Jabbarin (Strong People) where he discusses Arabic and Palestinian causes and issues, starting before the first Gulf War and America's occupation of Iraq during the second Gulf War, and their relation to the co-existing solution to the Palestinian Cause, resulting from the Oslo Accords and the events following that, especially 9/11.
Some of His Publications
Asral Zaman (Prisoners of Time), Dar Al-Farabi Publishing, 2017.
Bumat Barbara (The Owl of Barbara), Dar Al-Farabi Publishing, 296 pages, 2010.
Siyasatun Fil Janna (Politics in Paradise), Dar Al-Farabi Publishing, 232 pages, 2008.
Thamanul Istiqlal (The Price of Independence), Al-Sharqul Awsat Publishing, Cairo, 455 pages, 1989. Ḥaffatul Nur (The Edge of Light): A Trilogy, Dar Al-Farabi Publishing, 350 pages, 2015.
Ḥaffatul Nur (The Edge of Light): A Trilogy, Dar Al-Farabi Publishing, 350 pages, 2015.
References
Palestinian writers
Arabic literature
Palestinian literature
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Coninckiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Araeolaimida.
Genera:
Coninckia Gerlach, 1956
References
Nematodes
Hans Egede House is located in Nuuk, Greenland. It is the oldest house in the country and was built in 1728. It was originally the residence of Hans Egede, a Dano-Norwegian Lutheran missionary. Later it was the residence of the Greenlandic prime minister. It is currently used for official government receptions.
See also
Statue of Hans Egede
References
Buildings and structures in Nuuk
Houses completed in 1728
1728 establishments in North America
Flamengos is a Portuguese civil parish () on the island of Faial in the archipelago of the Azores. Its name was derived from the grouping of Flemish settlers who made their homes in this landlocked valley, in the municipality of Horta. The population in 2011 was 1,604, in an area of 14.62 km². It contains the localities Cruz do Bravo, Farrobo, Lameiro Grande, Rua Nova, São Lourenço and Tafoneiro.
History
The first settlers that arrived in the area that became known as the Vale dos Flamengos (, or literally, Valley of the Flemish people), were seeking a sheltered area that provided access to potable water. Their original beachhead, on the Lomba dos Frades, in the Praia do Almoxarife valley was a disaster for the first Captain-Donatário Josse van Huerter (in 1465. His return in 1466-67 began a new phase in the island's history; discovering the fertile and sheltered geomorphology of the interior valley allowed the group of Flemish settlers to establish a foothold on the island (1468). These early colonizers cultivated small parcels of land along the river, taking advantage of the springs and fertile volcanic soils, cultivating oranges, corn, legumes, as well as servicing the town and other parishes on the island.
The community's primitive church (dedicated to Nossa Senhora da Luz) was constructed shortly after the first settlers established their homes, and was a large three-nave over five pillars, sturdy and well constructed (as the historian Gaspar Frutuoso recounted in his Saudades da Terra).
In 1597, Flamengos was raided by English privateers, who remained in the valley for days, pillaging and destroying homes. In 1606 the village of Flamengos had been restored, through the assistance of Jerónimo de Utra Corte Real, and later expanded in 1736, through the initiatives of Manuel Brum da Silveira.
Raul Brandão, in his As Ilhas Desconhecidas (1926), described the parish in these terms: "This use to be more animated and rich. Everything around Horta and Flamengos was houses, orchards full of oranges, plants and flowers, the Estate of São Lourenço, the Estate of the Silveiras, the Estate of the Dabneys...". Brandão was referring to a period when the wealthy, rich property owners and farmers had their summer homes and estates within the valley: by 1926, the area was less important for the upwardly mobile, who concentrated in their salons in Horta.
On 31 December 1936, a violent earthquake destroyed most of the buildings and homes in the parish. Unfortunately, a similar event occurred on 23 November 1973 and later on 9 June 1998, which permanently destroyed the church of Nossa Senhora da Luz (). The church was rebuilt and inaugurated on 3 April 2016.
Geography
Flamengos is located about 5 minutes (and 5 kilometers) from the centre of Horta, via several ancillary roadways along the eastern and southern margins of the Atlantic Ocean. The Flamengos valley is an "amphitheater"-shaped area, relatively planar and intersected by ravines that extend from the slopes of the Cabeço do Fogo.
Farmlands dominate the eastern areas and the Flamengos valley, although the flanks of the mountain are used as pastureland and forests. Much of the population is employed in agriculture business, primarily dairy production.
Ecoregions/protected areas
Parque Florestal de Falca ()
Economy
The agricultural characteristics of the parish are well known and in cases represent the characteristics of Beiras and Beiras e Trás-os-Montes. The chimneys represent the typical characteristics of southern Portugal.
Architecture
Civic
Fountain of the Bicas (), located along the Rua do Capitão was a public fountain used until 1852; it was one of the few fountains used as a public laundry, used communally by the residents of the village, and may have pre-dated the creation of the parish;
Bridge of Flamengos (), this bridge, another symbol of early 20th Century construction, was begun in 1903 and completed by 1908.
Estate of São Lourenço (), the old property of Tomás de Porra Pereira, former Captain-Donatorio of Faial, and recently transferred to the islands's Serviços Agrários do Faial (), where for many years it has been used as the location of the island's fairs, expositions, folklore festivals and other activities.
Botanical Garden of Faial (), an interpretative center for common endemic and endangered plants, as well as many varieties of medicinal herbs, used by local residents on the island;
Religious
Hermitage of São João Baptista (), the chapel is located at a junction of the Estrada da Caldeira (Largo Jaime Melo-Estrada da Ribeira Funda) in the foothills of the central caldera, access that islanders traditionally used for pilgrimages () to the caldera on the feast day of John the Baptist (24 June). The erection of a hermitage/chapel came from Manuel da Silveira Brum (who had a summer residence there) and the parish vicar Father João Goulart Cardoso. From the placing of the cornerstone (24 June 1921) the responsibility for the chapel's construction fell to the proprietor and was supported by donations from the local congregation. But the project ran slowly, then stopped in 1925, before being restarted by a stipend from José Rodrigues de Amaral, before his death. In 1944 the chapel was concluded, and blessed on the annual feast day by Father António S. de Medeiros, and the first mass held by Father Goulart Cardoso. The isolated chapel is constructed from basaltic stone in the form of a central nave and tower (constructed over the main entranceway).
Culture
Traditionally, Flamengos has been the centre of annual São João da Caldeira celebrations (or simply Festas de São João) on the island, held on 23–24 June. These festivals, which have occurred popularly since the 15th-16th century, included pilgrimages from around the island that journeyed to the central caldera, where they would play music, danced and jumped bonfires during the quasi-religious festivities. While the religious pilgrimages were discontinued, the annual festivities continued as a social event with popular marches, food kiosks, picnicking, dances and the community Fogueira de São João (bonfire) highlighting the celebration around midnight. Meanwhile, the following day (24 June) is a municipal holiday (island-wide), that includes a mid-day eucharistic celebration at the hermitage of São João (along the intersection of the Estrada Regional E.R.1-2ª and Rua da Caldeira, midway towards the summit of the caldera). A community lunch, that includes sardines, musical groups, popular marches, exhibitions, traditional folklore dances are held within the shadow of the small chapel, and rounds out the celebrations.
The Sociedade Filarmónica Nova Artista Flamenguese (), founded on 23 January 1881, was the first band established in Flamengos. Between 1899 and 1912, its musical director was Maestro Francisco Xavier Simaria, but today Mário Francisco Leal Abreu is currently conducting the brass band. Besides this, there is the Tuna e Grupo Folclórico Juvenil dos Flamengos () was founded in 1978 by António da Luz Rodrigues, who served as its director, which recently (1 March 1999) established an ancillary group, the Grupo de Cantares Sons do Vale ().
References
Notes
Sources
Parishes of Horta, Azores
pt:Flamengos
Joseph Dorville Walter (16 August 1895 – 23 May 1995) was a professional footballer who played for Bristol Rovers, Huddersfield Town, Taunton United and Bath City. He was the last surviving player to play under Herbert Chapman while at Huddersfield.
Walter's early footballing experience came while serving in the Gloucestershire Regiment during the First World War, when he represented the Third Battalion of the Glorious Glosters, before joining Horfield United in the Horfield area of his home city of Bristol. After a year playing in the Bristol and Suburban Association Football League, he joined his first professional team in 1919 when he signed for Bristol Rovers.
Later in life he worked as a groundsman, firstly for the Bristol Co-Operative Society, before taking responsibility for Bristol City's Ashton Gate pitch in 1955. He was later appointed as an assistant coach at his former club, Bristol Rovers, in 1960 when he was aged 65.
In Huddersfield's final game at Leeds Road, against Blackpool on 30 April 1994, he was the guest of honour. He was also present for Town's visit to Bristol Rovers' Twerton Park.
Death
On 23 May 1995, less than three months before what would have been his 100th birthday, Walter died in his sleep. His funeral was attended by the entire Huddersfield Town squad and their then manager Neil Warnock.
Honours
Huddersfield Town
First Division: 1923–24
References
Specific
General
1895 births
1995 deaths
Footballers from Bristol
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Horfield United F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Taunton Town F.C. players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Bath City F.C. players
Kingswood A.F.C. players
English Football League players
British Army personnel of World War I
Gloucestershire Regiment soldiers
Military personnel from Bristol
Lima is a town of the Department of San Pedro Paraguay.
District of Lima
One of the districts of the Second Department of San Pedro Paraguay, which is more than 330 km from the city Asuncion.
It was founded in 1792 and it is credited to Fray Pedro Bartolome, as a mission with Guanás Indians, on the shores of Aguaray River.
Lima was founded in 1901, as the 2nd district. Department of San Pedro.
With an area of approximately 992 km2, and an estimated population of 10,367 Inhab
Located on the River Aguaray Guazú, whose main activities are livestock, the exploitation of mate and some agricultural crops.
With its population of about 10,367 inhabitants it has a density of 13 inhabitants / km2.
It also has airfields for small and medium-sized machines.
Geography
This district is accessible by Route 3 General Elizardo Aquino, and Route No. 11 Juana de Lara.
Other routes are without pavement.
The internal roads do not have any kind of paving.
Today, this district has public transport services with interdistrict services and daily services up to the country's capital, and also to Ciudad del Este Pedro Juan Caballero Brazil, Argentina and Chile.
The District has an airport (runway).
It is bordered on the north by the District of Nueva Germania and the District of Santa Rosa del Aguaray, both districts separated by the Aguaray Guazú River.
To the south are the District of San Pablo and the District of Choré. The Jejui Guazú River; separates the two districts.
To the east lies the District General Isidro Resquín.
At the west lies the District of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú, and the District of Nueva Germania, the Aguaray Guazú River separates both districts.
Hydrography
Rio Aguaray Guazú, its beaches are creamy, its white sand draws people in times of very hot weather.
The Jejui Guazú River is the least polluted river in the country.
Climate
It is wet and rainy, the relative humidity is 70 to 80%. The average temperature is 23 °C, the highest in summer is 35 °C and the least is 10 °C.
Language
The predominant language is Guaraní, that is approximately spoken by the 80% of the population. Spanish and Guaraní (Jopara) is spoken by 20% of the remaining population.
Demographics
The District of Lima, according to the National Housing Census for 2002 has a total population of 10,367 inhabitants. In the urban area the amount is of 2,131 inhabitants, and in the rural area is 8,236 inhabitants.
Its rural population is 79.44% of the total population.
The total households in the district amount to the amount of 2,064, of which corresponds to households in urban areas the number of 506, and in rural areas the number of 1,558 households, representing 75.48% of the households living in rural areas.
According to the projection of the district's total population, by gender and year have the following details:
By the year 2008 the total population will be of 11,125 inhabitants, of whom 5,860 men and 5,265 women.
By 2009, the total population will be of 11,192 inhabitants, of whom 5,898 men and 5,294 women.
By 2010, the total population will be of 11,260 inhabitants, of whom 5,936 men and 5,324 women.
By the year 2011, the total population will be of 11,304 inhabitants, of whom 5,962 men and 5,342 women.
By the year 2012, the total population will be of 11,349 inhabitants, of whom 5,989 men and 5,361 women.
By the year 2013, the total population will be of 11,394 inhabitants, of whom 6,015 men and 5,379 women.
As for the main socio-demographic indicators, the district of Lima has the following details:
Population Less than 15 years 43.5%.
Average of 3.6 children per woman.
Illiterate: 8.4%.
Employed by the primary sector: 67.6%.
Employed by the secondary sector: 6.3% ..
Employed in the tertiary sector: 25.1%.
Occupied work in the agricultural field: 67.3%.
Homes with electricity: 78.4%.
Homes with running water: 41.0%.
History
It is one of the typical populations born at the end of eighteenth century to retain a strong Franciscan mark, while Choré and Guayaybi are notable for their intense agricultural production. Until today it retains its old adobe church, built in colonial times.
At present, "INDERT", formerly the Rural Welfare Institute, has enabled the following:
Communal Fields
In 1984, by Resolution No. 1753, with an area of 146 ha. The Colony Sargento Montanía.
In 1998, by Resolution No. 1165, with an area of 179 ha. The Colony San Jose del Norte.
There are also colonies: Loma Clavel, with an area of 180 ha. Mayor Hermosa-COSTA PUCU with an area of 1167 hectares. And the Mayor of Hermosa-Sgto. Montania.
Ecological Reserves
In the District of Lima, is the Ecological Reserve CAPIITINDY with an area of 102 hectares, which was created in 1995, by Resolution No. 1251.
Indigenous Colonies
It is the community AVARIYU with an area of 237 ha, in the years 1980 and 1991, by Resolution No. 789.799, and 1623 respectively.
Economy
The city is a major center of activity that includes livestock production of cattle, horses, sheep and pigs.
In agriculture, there are crops in the district like mate, cotton, tobacco, sugar cane, cassava, sesame, cedrón Paraguay, soy, beans, potatoes, alfalfa, citrus, peanuts, wheat and cassava. Oranges; sour and sweet, and sunflower.
The main activity of its residents is the development of mate.
68.7% of the department's population is poor and the while the rest of the population is not considered poor, the needs are very marked, their average monthly income per family is of 496,645 Guaraní, representing a per-person average monthly income of 95,915 Guaraní.
Livestock: cattle, horses, pigs.
Tourism
The beaches that are watered by the River Aguaray Guazú are of white and crystal sand, which attracts domestic tourism. It also has health resorts, farms and a square that are the attractions of the city.
The health resort Raul Valiente, has beautiful beaches on the River Aguaray and has Quinchos, sports fields, changing rooms, canteens, etc. It is a private place, managed by an association of taxi drivers.
As an attraction it retains its old adobe church, built in times of Spanish Colony, in honor of San Francisco and Virgen del Rosario, although a more modern temple has been built.
References
Geografía del Paraguay – Editorial Hispana Paraguay S.R.L.- 1a. Edición 1999 – Asunción Paraguay
Geografía Ilustrada del Paraguay – Distribuidora Arami S.R.L.
La Magia de nuestra tierra. Fundación en Alianza. Asunción. 2007.
External links
Secretaria Nacional de Turismo
Populated places in the San Pedro Department, Paraguay
This portion of National Register of Historic Places listings in Puerto Rico covers the municipality of San Juan.
Names of places given are as appear in the National Register, reflecting name as given in NRHP application at the date of listing. Note, the National Register name system does not accommodate Spanish á, ñ and other letters.
Current listings
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Puerto Rico
List of United States National Historic Landmarks in United States commonwealths and territories, associated states, and foreign states
Historic preservation
History of Puerto Rico
Notes
References
External links
Puerto Rico State Historic Preservation Office, National Register of Historic Places site
National Park Service, National Register of Historic Places site
01
San Juan, Puerto Rico-related lists
Paul Ritter (4 March 1829 – 27 November 1907) was a German architectural painter and etcher.
Biography
He was born at Nuremberg. He was deaf and dumb from the fourth year of his life. A pupil of Heideloff, he engraved for publishers in Berlin, Stuttgart, and Nuremberg. About 1870 he took up painting in oil. In 1888 the title of royal professor was conferred on him. He died in Nuremberg.
Works
Ritter acquired considerable reputation with his interiors and street views of Nuremberg, richly supplemented with historical figures, such as:
“Interior of Church of St. Lawrence” (1874)
“Schöne Brunnen” (1880)
“Entry of Procession with the Crown Jewels into Nuremberg in 1424” (1883, City Hall, Nuremberg)
“Entry of Gustavus Adolphus in 1632” (1886)
“Emperor Matthias Leaving the Kaiserburg in 1612” (1890)
“Monument of Saint Sebaldus”
Family
His younger brother, Lorenz Ritter, was also an artist.
Notes
References
1829 births
1907 deaths
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
German male painters
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German engravers
German etchers
Academy of Fine Arts, Nuremberg faculty
20th-century German printmakers
is a retired Japanese long-distance runner who mainly competed in the 5000 metres. She finished fourth at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Competition record
Personal bests
1500 metres – 4:13.00 (Brisbane 2000)
3000 metres – 8:52.06 (Tokyo 1994)
5000 metres – 15:09.05 (Atlanta 1996)
References
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kyoto Prefecture
Japanese female long-distance runners
Olympic female long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Japan
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Japan
Japan Championships in Athletics winners
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Chempada (English: Red Army) is a 2008 Malayalam language thriller film written and directed by Robin Thirumala in his directorial debut. The film is based on the novel Avar Nagarathilund by M. D. Ajayaghosh which was serialised in Manorama Weekly.
Plot
The film revolves around a music troupe of youngsters named 'Red Army'. Headed by its mentor Captain Mukundan Menon, the group's real operations are to loot and kill people who have amassed wealth through wrong means and to cleanse the world of crime and injustice. Manu (Bala), a naive guy from Vagamon and son of a driver working for R. K. Nair, a rich planter, loved Meenakshi (Sreedevika), an innocent girl. But Meenakshi was raped by the planter and his accomplices. Being loyal to the master, Manu's father took the blame upon himself and got arrested. Things took a different turn when his father committed suicide in jail under suspicious circumstances and Meenakshi went missing. Manu then took up arms to avenge R. K. Nair and his men, but was beaten and left badly wounded in a desolate place, where he was found by the troupe members. Manu, who is later inducted into the troupe, gets a new name, Harikrishnan, and becomes active in the troupe's activities. What happens next forms the rest of the movie.
Cast
Bala as Manu/Harikrishnan
Sridevika as Meenakshi
Lakshana as Reshmi
Kochunni Prakash
Tosh Christy
Baburaj as Merkariyoz
Kalabhavan Mani
K. B. Ganesh Kumar as A.S.P Ravishanker
Govind as Akash Nair
Nisha Sarang as Lekha
Sadiq as Paily
Robin A Thirumala as News Reporter (Cameo Appearance)
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack contains 10 songs, all composed by Robin Thirumala. Lyrics were by Robin Thirumala, Prakash Marar, Firoz Thikkodi.
References
External links
Review, Sify.com
Review, Oneindia.in
Review, Indiaglitz.com
2008 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films based on Indian novels
George Gordon Abel (February 23, 1916 – April 16, 1996) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He played centre for the Edmonton Mercurys, and won the only Canadian gold medal playing in the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway.
George was born and raised in Melville, Saskatchewan. Born into a true western Canadian hockey family, he played minor hockey while growing up and joined the Flin Flon Bombers in 1937. In 1946, choosing not to go professional, George returned to Melville to marry, start a family, and join his brothers Don and Lawrence in operating Abel's Cartage.
In 1950, George joined the Melville Millionaires. He played for Melville until 1952, gaining a provincial reputation as an exceptional stick-handler and prolific goal-scorer. For a time, he both coached the team and played simultaneously. At this time, George was known as "Mr. Hockey" in Saskatchewan.
In 1952, he accepted an invitation to join the Edmonton Mercurys to play as Canada's National hockey team in the 1952 Olympics. The team toured Europe for three months, playing 50 or 51 games, where George earned the nickname "Mr. Production". In Olympic competition at Oslo, Norway, he scored the winning goal in the final game, securing the only Canadian gold medal of the Olympics.
A bona fide international Canadian hockey hero, George happily returned to a quiet, but busy, life in Melville, all the while remaining active in hockey, fastball, softball, curling and fishing as a player or coach. He retired from Abel's Cartage in 1971.
George's younger brother Sid Abel (February 22, 1918February 8, 2000) became a Canadian professional hockey player and later coach in the National Hockey League. His playing career spanned from the 1938–39 season until the 1953–54 season, playing for both the Detroit Red Wings and Chicago Black Hawks and was a member of three winning Stanley Cups in 1943, 1950, and 1952 with the Detroit Red Wings.
George Abel's nephew, Sid Abel's son, Gerry also briefly played in the NHL, and Sid's grandson Brent Johnson is a goaltender who last played for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
External links
Olympic Database
Canadian Encyclopedia: 1952 Canadian Olympic Hockey
1916 births
1996 deaths
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Sportspeople from Melville, Saskatchewan
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Canadian ice hockey centres
Stock Farm Prison, also known as Her Majesty's Prison, is the national prison of the Caribbean island of Dominica. It lies in the northern part of the city of Roseau, in the Stock Farm neighborhood, just to the northwest of Dominica State College. As of 2010 it had a prison population of 289, up from 229 in 1992, which, given its size, is severely overcrowded. As of 2010 it was directed by Denis A. Blanc, under the Dominica Prison Service. A Department for International Development small grants scheme has enabled the Foreign and Commonwealth Office to launch a training programme in the prison for the convicts such as bricklaying, carpentry and plumbing to enhance their job prospects after being released.
References
Roseau
Prisons in Dominica
Faramarz (Persian: ) was one of Iranian pahlavans in Shahnameh.
Faramarz may also refer to:
Faramarz-nama, a Persian epic recounting the adventures of Faramarz
Faramarz (given name)
Faramarz, Iran, a village
Faramarz Kola, a village in Iran
Faramarz, former name of Iranian frigate Sahand
See also
Faramarzi (disambiguation)
Corrhenes sectator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1865. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1865
Salad and Go is a chain of drive-thru restaurants in the United States. The company operates 45 restaurants in 2 states, as well as two distribution centers in Arizona and Texas. They specialize in salads and wraps.
Company details
The company sells salads, wraps, and breakfast burritos and soup. The restaurant chain was founded by Roushan Christofellis in 2016 and had six locations in Arizona. The first restaurant was opened in Gilbert, Arizona.
The company keeps the average store size to in order to keep costs down. The restaurant chain operates a distribution center which takes delivery of produce from farmers.
Locations
By 2017 Salad and Go operated seven locations in Arizona. By 2021 the chain operated 3 stores in Scottsdale, Arizona, and a total of 39 locations in Arizona with plans to open 5 more locations.
In 2021 the company opened 6 restaurants in North Texas in, Plano, Dallas, Richardson, Fort Worth and Carrollton. In 2021 the company made plans to open more locations in Texas during the spring of 2022.
See also
List of salads
List of fast food restaurant chains
References
American companies established in 2016
Regional restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurants established in 2016
Fast-food chains of the United States
Wollongong United FC is an Australian soccer club based in Wollongong, currently participating in the Illawarra Premier League. The club played in the 1991 season of the National Soccer League under the name Wollongong Macedonia, where it finished last.
History
Formed in 1976 by the "Macedonian Orthodox Community of Wollongong", the club was originally established on behalf of the Macedonian Australian community of Wollongong. With a huge supporter base, the club was originally known as Wollongong United Soccer Club. Since then it has also been known as Wollongong Macedonia, as represented in the National Soccer League (NSL) 1990.
Upon entering the Premier League in the Illawarra Second division, the club quickly advanced in 1980 to enter the NSW Second division, finishing second at season end on its first attempt.
In 1986, the club reached the top competition in NSW Division 1, today known as NSW National Premier League. Wollongong United F.C completed the season undefeated, to this day, the only club in NSW to do so (Except for Eastern Suburbs Hakoah in 1971 and Croatia Sydney in 1981).
In 1990 the club claim their first title in NSW Division 1 History, This success led the club to the pinnacle of Australian soccer.
Post-NSL
Between 1991 and 2004, the club played in the NSW State League with a strong, consistent representation in both junior and senior ranks.
In 1992, the club rename as Illawarra Lions in NSW Super League and again in 2003 as Wollongong United FC in NSW State League.
In 2004 the club evaluated its position and it was deemed, in the best interests of the club, its members, supporters and sponsors to return to the local Illawarra Football Association. In 2005, the club competed in the IFA First Division with an aim to return to the IFA Premier League. Wollongong United finished second and gained promotion into the Premier League for the 2006 season. Wollongong United has reached two grand finals in the years since (2015 and 2018), winning the competition in 2015. The club remains in the now Football South Coast Illawarra Premier League.
Notable former players
Mile Sterjovski – Australian international
Marshall Soper – Australian international
Stephen Laybutt – Australian international
Scott Chipperfield – Australian international
Michael Reda – Lebanon international
Zlatko Nastevski – Australian international
Greg Brown – New Zealand international
Robbie Shields – Republic of Ireland youth international
Bradley Welch – Trinidad and Tobago youth international
Kazuto Kushida – professional Japanese footballer
Alvin Ceccoli – Australian international
Nathan Elasi – Australian youth international
Honours
Illawarra Second Division (third tier) Champions - 1977
Illawarra Second Division (third tier) Premiers - 1977
NSW 1st Division Champions - 1990
NSW 1st Division Premiers - 1990
NSW 2nd Division Premiers - 1985
Illawarra Premier League Premiers - 2015, 2020
Bert Bampton Cup - 1978, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2020
External links
Official Website of Wollongong United FC
Association football clubs established in 1976
Soccer clubs in Wollongong
Illawarra Premier League
1976 establishments in Australia
Macedonian sports clubs in Australia
Tom Zakrajsek (pronounced Za-cry-sheck; born December 10, 1963) is an American figure skating coach and former competitive skater. As a skater, he competed as a senior on the national level. He coaches at the Broadmoor Skating Club in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Skating career
Zakrajsek first went skating at age 7 but did poorly. He came back to the sport three years later and started training. His training locations included Cleveland, Detroit, Cincinnati, and Denver. He was coached by Norma Sahlin for seven years. He competed in men's singles, including winning the junior title at the 1979 Eastern Great Lakes Regional Championship and the senior title at the 1986 Southwestern Regional Championship. He competed in men's singles at the U.S. Nationals five times, once as a junior (1983) and four times as a senior (1985-1988). He also competed in pair skating with Sheila Nobles at 1985 Nationals. After retiring from competition, he toured with Disney on Ice.
Coaching career
Zakrajsek began coaching in 1991 in Saint Joseph, Missouri, and later moved to the Broadmoor Skating Club in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
His current and former students include:
Max Aaron, 2013 U.S. national champion
Jeremy Abbott, 2009 and 2010 U.S. national champion
Ryan Bradley, 2011 U.S. national champion, coached Bradley for 22 years
Joshua Farris
Rachael Flatt, 2010 Olympian, 2010 U.S. national champion and 2008 World Junior champion
Alexe Gilles, 2008 U.S. national junior champion
Kaja Hanevold
Alexandra Kamieniecki
Austin Kanallakan, 2007 U.S. national junior bronze medalist
Ann Patrice McDonough, 2002 World Junior champion
Keauna McLaughlin / Rockne Brubaker
Brandon Mroz, 2009 U.S. national silver medalist
Mirai Nagasu, 2018 Olympian, 2018 U.S. national silver medalist
Paul Bonifacio Parkinson
Andrei Rogozine
Bradie Tennell, coached from 2020.
Agnes Zawadzki, 2010 World Junior silver medalist, coached her 2008–2011 and from October 2013
Vincent Zhou, 2018 Olympian, 2018 U.S. national bronze medalist
Zakrajsek was named the 2009 PSA Coach of the Year. He was nominated for the award in 2011.
Personal life
Zakrajsek was born on December 10, 1963. He has Polish and Slovenian ancestry. He studied at Missouri Western State College. He has a master's degree in science. He has two sisters and a brother. His siblings and parents all skated recreationally. His wife, Susan, is a teacher; they have a daughter, Madison, and a son, Dylan, who is two years younger.
References
External links
Official website of Tom Zakrajsek
Broadmoor Skating Club
1963 births
American male single skaters
American figure skating coaches
Living people
American people of Polish descent
American people of Slovenian descent
Elections were held in Illinois on Tuesday, November 4, 1986.
Primaries were held March 18, 1986.
Election information
1986 was a midterm election year in the United States.
Creation of the Illinois Solidarity Party
After LaRouche movement disciples won the Democratic primaries for Lieutenant Governor and Secretary of State, Adlai Stevenson III created the Solidarity Party primarily to run Democratic candidates against them in the general election. He himself dropped off of the Democratic ticket for Governor, which he had won the primary for, and ran instead as the Solidarity Party candidate for Governor. The two Lyndon LaRouche-affiliated candidates, Mark J. Fairchild for Lieutenant Governor and Janice Hart for Secretary of State, had not seen their affiliations with LaRouche well-publicized until after they won their upset primary defeats over Stevenson-backed candidates George Sangmeister and Aurelia Pucinski.
Illinois law required any unestablished party to run a full slate in order to obtain ballot access, thus, Stevenson ran candidates in all races.
Turnout
Turnout in the primary was 26.23%, with 1,602,156 ballots cast. 1,014,908 Democratic and 570,661 Republican primary ballots were cast.
Turnout in the general election was 55.34%, with 3,332,450 ballots cast.
Straight-ticket voting
Illinois had a straight-ticket voting option in 1986.
Federal elections
United States Senate
Incumbent Democratic Senator Alan Dixon was reelected.
United States House
All Illinois seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 1986.
State elections
Governor and Lieutenant Governor
Incumbent Governor James R. Thompson won reelection to a fourth term, defeating Adlai Stevenson III. This was a rematch of the previous 1982 gubernatorial election, which saw Stevenson as a Democratic nominee.
Stevenson, who had won the Democratic gubernatorial primary, withdrew from the Democratic ticket after Mark Fairchild, a follower of Lyndon LaRouche, won the Democratic primary for lieutenant governor. Stevenson refused to run on a ticket with supporters of LaRouche's ideology. Stevenson instead created the Illinois Solidarity Party and ran as its nominee.
Attorney General
Incumbent Attorney General Neil Hartigan, a Democrat, was reelected to a second term.
Democratic primary
Incumbent Neil Hartigan defeated Chicago alderman Martin J. Oberman in the Democratic primary.
Hartigan had originally declared his intention to forgo seeking reelection, and instead run for governor, but he ultimately reversed course and sought reelection after Adlai Stevenson III entered the race for governor.
Republican primary
Republican Village President of Arlington Heights James T. Ryan won the Republican primary, running unopposed. Ryan stepped-down as nominee after allegations arose that he had committed domestic abuse against both his wife and ex-wife, which arose soon after he received his party's nomination.
There had been originally been several other candidates running for the Republican nomination in the primary, but all withdrew soon after Democratic incumbent Hartigan announced that he would seek reelection.
If he had been elected, Ryan would have been the first Republican sitting mayor elected to statewide office in Illinois since Edward C. Akin was elected Attorney General in 1898.
After Ryan withdrew as the Republican nominee, he was replaced on the ballot by Bernard Carey, a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners who had also formerly served as Cook County State's Attorney from 1972 through 1980. Ryan's withdrawal had taken place five months before the general election.
General election
Secretary of State
Incumbent Secretary of State Jim Edgar, a Republican first appointed in 1981 and subsequently elected to a full term in 1982, was reelected to a second full term.
Democratic primary
Little known candidate Janice Hart won an upset victory over Aurelia Pucinski (who had the backing of Adlai Stevenson III and others). While, not well-reported until after the primary, Hart was a member of the LaRouche movement.
Republican primary
General election
The Illinois Solidarity Party ran Jane N. Spirgel in the election. Spirgel was an outgoing member of the DuPage County Board (on which she was the sole remaining Democratic member and had first been elected in 1974).
Comptroller
Incumbent Comptroller Roland Burris, a Democrat, was reelected to a third term.
Democratic primary
Republican primary
State Senator Adeline Jay Geo-Karis won the Republican primary unopposed.
General election
Treasurer
Incumbent Treasurer James Donnewald, a Democrat, lost the Democratic primary to former Treasurer Jerome Cosentino. Consentino won the general election, earning him a second non-consecutive term.
Democratic primary
Incumbent James Donnewald lost renomination to former Treasurer Jerome Cosentino. Donnewald had been the party organization's favored candidate. Other candidates running included Cook County Board of Appeals member Pat Quinn and LaRouche movement member Robert D. Hart (who had the formal backing of Lyndon LaRouche's NDPC).
Republican primary
J. Michael Houston, the mayor of Springfield, won the Republican nomination. Houston was seeking to become the first Republican Illinois Treasurer in over twenty years. He was also seeking to be the first Republican sitting mayor elected to statewide office in Illinois since Edward C. Akin was elected Illinois Attorney General in 1898.
General election
State Senate
Some of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1986. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1986. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
Trustees of University of Illinois
An election was held for three of nine seats for Trustees of University of Illinois system for six year terms.
The election saw the reelection incumbent Democrat Nina T. Shepherd to a third term, as well as the election of new Democratic trustees Judith Ann Calder and Charles Wolff.
First-term incumbent Republicans Galey Day and Dean E. Madden lost reelection.
Judicial elections
Multiple judicial positions were up for election in 1986.
Ballot measures
Illinois voters voted on two ballot measures in 1986, both of them legislatively referred constitutional amendments. In order to be approved, measures required either 60% support among those specifically voting on the amendment or 50% support among all ballots cast in the elections.
Bail Amendment
Voters approved the Bail Amendment, a legislatively refereed constitutional amendment which amended Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution of Illinois to further expand the population that may be denied bail.
Exempt Veterans' Organizations from Property Taxes Amendment
Exempt Veterans' Organizations from Property Taxes Amendment, a legislatively refereed constitutional amendment which would amend Article IX, Section 6 of the Constitution of Illinois to exempt property used exclusively by veterans' organizations from property taxes, failed to meet either threshold amend the constitution.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
References
Illinois
The Lance Rocks () are two rocks lying together at the northeast end of Crouse Spur in the Forrestal Range, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Samuel J. Lance, United States Air Force, navigator and member of the Electronic Test Unit in the Pensacola Mountains, 1957–58.
References
Rock formations of Queen Elizabeth Land
Melissa Fumero (née Gallo; born August 19, 1982) is an American actress. From the age of ten, she aspired to become an actress and attended New York University, from which she received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Drama. She made her professional debut in 2004, recurring as Adriana Cramer in the soap opera One Life to Live. Following several minor roles, Fumero had her first main role in the Fox (later NBC) comedy series Brooklyn Nine-Nine as Amy Santiago, a role she played from 2013 to 2021. Since this breakthrough, Fumero has voiced Melissa Tarleton in the critically acclaimed animated series M.O.D.O.K. (2021) and is set to star in Netflix's upcoming series Blockbuster. She is married to actor and former model David Fumero, with whom she has two sons.
Early life
Melissa Gallo was born on August 19, 1982, in Lyndhurst, New Jersey. She is the daughter of Cubans who moved to the United States as teenagers. Gallo grew up in Guttenberg and moved to Lyndhurst at age six. As of 2014, her mother was a stay-at-home mom and former hairdresser, while her father taught math and worked at a jewelry store. When at home, she and her family spoke Spanish, but her parents stopped forcing her and her brother to do so after he encountered issues at school.
As a child, Gallo enjoyed creating and performing plays; as a result, she began taking dance lessons. Gallo expressed interest in acting after seeing Broadway's The Secret Garden at the age of ten. Her parents subsequently sent her to acting classes. Gallo enjoyed theater lessons, since she and her classmates were focused on performing well rather than their physical appearances. She remained enrolled in dance and acting classes until her graduation. When she received the acceptance letter for New York University (NYU)—her "dream school"—Gallo believed she would be unable to attend due to the cost. To ensure she could attend, her parents emptied their savings, took out many loans, and had Gallo live at home initially, although she moved to New York City at nineteen. In 2003, she graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Drama.
Career
2004–2012: One Life to Live and other roles
When she began working in the entertainment business, Gallo felt ostracized. She was only able to audition for certain roles. Hours after her final exam at NYU, she booked the role of Adriana Cramer on soap opera One Life to Live (OLTL), which she described as "the biggest redeeming moment". Amanda Cortinas had portrayed the character but departed the series due to "her story line never [getting] off the ground". Gallo joined the series on January 20, 2004. She reprised her role in two 2005 episodes of All My Children. In January 2008, her contract with OLTL expired; Fumero was set to leave the show shortly after, but stayed until June 11, with her final scenes being filmed in May. Fumero returned to One Life to Live for several stints from September 2008 to January 2011.
In 2008, she starred in Tiny Dancer, playing Ati, a seventeen-year-old who is persuaded to dance. For the role, Fumero learnt the character's Spanish Harlem accent—a task she found difficult—and extensively trained in stretching and yoga to do the modern and contemporary dance. After One Life to Live, Fumero expressed interest in performing comedy and booked a role in Important Things with Demetri Martin for Comedy Central in 2009. The following years, she played roles on The CW's Gossip Girl, USA Network's Royal Pains, and CBS's The Mentalist and CSI: NY.
2013–2020: breakthrough with Brooklyn Nine-Nine
Fumero's first starring role and breakthrough came in 2013, when she was cast in Fox's untitled comedy pilot as the female lead opposite Andy Samberg. The show was later revealed to be titled Brooklyn Nine-Nine, which follows a group of New York Police Department detectives in Brooklyn's fictional 99th precinct. Fumero portrays the rule-following, competitive Amy Santiago. To prepare, she and Brooklyn cast received police and firearm training. Fumero is one of the two Latina regular cast members, the other being Stephanie Beatriz (who portrays Rosa Diaz). This casting was described as groundbreaking by Fumero, though the two feared one of them would get fired. As a result, they tried to make their appearances as distinct from one another as possible; for example, Fumero's character has straight hair, while Beatriz's has wavy hair. Due to her lack of experience with comedy, Fumero usually was nervous—a trait the writers incorporated into Amy's personality. On September 17, 2013, Brooklyn Nine-Nine pilot aired, garnering over six million viewers and positive reviews. The A.V. Club praised the contrasts between Samberg and Fumero's acting styles, calling her "a real find". Reviews of the first season were also positive, and it received 5.2 million total viewers.
In May 2014, Fox renewed Brooklyn Nine-Nine for a second season, to air during the 2014–2015 television season. Its premiere, "Undercover", was well-received by critics. Reception towards Fumero's performance was positive; Collider lauded her comedic timing, drive, and vulnerability, while Entertainment Weekly found her acting convincing in a scene in which Amy tells Jake (Samberg) that "[n]othing's going to happen" between them romantically. Journalists lauded the rest of the season and deemed the cast "winning". In 2015, Brooklyn cast garnered a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series. Fumero's personal performance garnered her an Imagen Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress; she would later receive three more nominations for her work on the same show in 2016, 2019, and 2022.
Brooklyn Nine-Nine third season premiered in September 2015. Fumero said she found comic acting much easier, having become more familiar with Amy's character; she added that she had "fallen into a real groove and rhythm" with the manner she approached scenes. During the season's production, Fumero was pregnant, which led to a storyline in which Amy goes undercover as a pregnant lady. The directors and camera operators also used other methods to hide Fumero's pregnancy, such as having her stand behind things. Of the experience, she said, "I don't recommend it", citing difficulties in memorizing her lines and focusing on a scene. Brooklyn fourth and fifth seasons aired from September 2016 to May 2018. Both were acclaimed by critics, who continued to praise the ensemble.
In May 2018, Fox canceled Brooklyn after five seasons. The news quickly became the subject of social media campaigns for the show to be renewed. A day after the cancelation, NBC accepted an offer to air the show for a sixth season. Fumero described the experience as "the most intense and emotional 36 hours of my life". On January 10, 2019, the season debuted to an audience of 3.6 million, the show's highest ratings in two years. Over its eighteen-episode run, it received 3.1 million total viewers. Critics also gave unanimous praise. The Hollywood Reporter commented that the season premiere was "a quick and easy reminder of how good Fumero and Samberg are together"; the magazine thought Samberg's smaller moments gave her the chance to be "wonderfully broad". Her performance in the #MeToo-themed episode "He Said, She Said" garnered particular praise: Den of Geek found her phenomenal; TVLine named her their performer of the week, calling her performance "understated yet effective" and commending her "soft-spoken tone[, which] captured the broken spirit of a woman burdened by victimhood, whose self-worth was forever sullied by the actions of a man who had power over her and chose to abuse it".
After Fumero complained about a director, her manager asked whether she was considering directing. Though Fumero dismissed the possibility, her manager had her direct a webisode, which she "ended up really loving". She was hesitant to ask NBC to let her direct an episode of Brooklyn Nine-Nine, although she felt more women of color should be directing: "I didn't ask this season, because it was NBC and ... we're women, and like, I don't wanna ruffle any feathers and it was like, I can't ask a boy to dance, they have to ask me." After the network ordered five additional episodes and Joe Lo Truglio and Beatriz told her they were applying, Fumero did so as well. She made her directorial debut in the episode "Return of the King" in 2019. It received mixed reviews, with The A.V. Club stating: "It's interesting to see Amy essentially direct Rosa to bizarre greatness as Melissa Fumero is actually directing this entire oddity of an episode." For her vocal performance in Disney Junior's Elena of Avalor as Antonia—the titular character's seamstress and, later, the first female member of the royal guard—she earned her fourth Imagen Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She later appeared in Brooklyn seventh season and the reboot of 1975 television series One Day at a Time. Fumero thought the latter was "especially huge" since she worked with Gloria Estefan, whose songs she listened to as a child.
2021–present: M.O.D.O.K and Blockbuster
In the animated series M.O.D.O.K., Fumero voiced Melissa Tarleton, the titular character's 17-year-old daughter who wants to gain his approval as a supervillain. When she auditioned, she was not given any information about the show; once she learned Patton Oswalt would help develop and write the show, Fumero agreed to the role, knowing it was "going to be hilarious". Of the show's premise, Fumero said: "I just thought that take was super fun and fresh to do a show from the point of view of a supervillain, to dive into what his family life could potentially be in this world of villains and supervillains." The show was released on May 21, 2021, to critical acclaim, with particular praise for its cast. Commenting on Fumero's voice acting, Comic Book Resources asserted she "[brings Melissa] to life with just the right amount of teenaged moodiness".
Brooklyn Nine-Nine eighth and final season began its broadcast on August 12, 2021, with the episodes "The Good Ones" and "The Lake House". Both garnered positive reviews, with The A.V. Club praising Fumero as one of the "comedic centerpieces" of the former. Overall reviews were mostly positive. Fumero compared the experience of leaving Brooklyn to high school graduation:[Y]ou're so proud that you did the thing and you reached this moment, but you're also so sad because deep down, you know all your friends are going to different colleges and you're never going to see them again. It's that mix of really proud and grateful.
In 2022, Fumero was cast in Netflix comedy Blockbuster as Eliza, a devoted mother whose marriage to her teenage boyfriend is experiencing difficulties. The first episode is expected to premiere on November 3, 2022. Fumero is reported to be starring in comedy film Bar Fight!. It follows former couple Nina (Fumero) and Allen (Luka Jones), who divided everything within their life after their break-up to prevent drama, except their favorite local bar—which causes a battle between them. The film is set to be released on November 11, 2022. That year, she joined the cast of adult animated television series Digman!, reuniting with Samberg, the voice of the titular character and co-creator of the show.
Public image
Fumero appeared in The Hollywood Reporter "Young Hispanic Hollywood Class of 2013". In 2016, Variety listed her as one of its "10 Latinos to Watch". Women's Health included her in a list of "50 Latina and Hispanic Actresses Who Are Changing Hollywood for the Better" in 2021.
Personal life
On the set of One Life to Live, Gallo met actor and former model David Fumero, a fellow Cuban-American who also appears on the show. The two became engaged in late 2006 and married on December 9, 2007, in New Jersey, with Gallo taking Fumero's name. They have two sons: Enzo (born March 24, 2016) and Axel (born February 14, 2020).
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
Audiobooks
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1982 births
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from New Jersey
American film actresses
American people of Cuban descent
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
American voice actresses
Hispanic and Latino American actresses
Living people
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
People from Guttenberg, New Jersey
People from Lyndhurst, New Jersey
People from North Bergen, New Jersey
Meyildere, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Dhanop is an ancient village in Bhilwara district on Shahpur-Vijainagar state highway at a distance of 85 km from Bhilwara city in Rajasthan. Its PIN code is 311023. Dhanop village is in Phooliya Kalan tehsil(pin code 311407). It had a population of 3,592 at the 2001 census, out of them 616 are Scheduled Caste and 30 Scheduled tribe people. It is known for Dhanop sheetla Mata Temple.
References
Hindu temples in Rajasthan
Villages in Bhilwara district
The 2012 Emir of Qatar Cup is the 40th edition of the cup tournament in men's football. It is played by the 1st and 2nd level divisions of the Qatari football league structure.
The top four sides of the 2011–12 Qatar Stars League season enter at the quarter-final stage.
The cup winner is guaranteed a place in the 2013 AFC Champions League.
Round 1
The first round of the competition involves four teams from the 2nd tier league.
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|15 April 2012
|}
Match details
Al Shamal and Al Shahaniya advance to round 2
Round 2
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|23 April 2012
|}
Match details
Al Arabi, Al Ahli, Qatar SC and Umm Salal advance to round 3
Round 3
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|27 April 2012
|}
Match details
Al Khor, Al Gharafa, Al-Wakrah and Al Kharitiyath advance to quarter-finals
Quarter-Finals
The top four league finishers enter at this stage
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|5 May 2012
|}
Match details
El Jaish, Al Gharafa, Al Sadd and Al Kharitiyath advance to quarter-finals
Semi-Finals
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|8 May 2012
|}
Final
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"| 12 May 2012
|}
References
Football Qatar
Goalzz.com
Football competitions in Qatar
Mount Rigby () is a mountain, 950 m, standing 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northwest of Mount Hastings, just west of the mouth of Scott Glacier, in the Karo Hills. First observed and roughly mapped by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition, 1928–30. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John F. Rigby, geologist at McMurdo Station, summer 1965–66.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Gilpin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado, smallest in land area behind only the City and County of Broomfield. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,808. The county seat is Central City. The county was formed in 1861, while Colorado was still a Territory, and was named after Colonel William Gilpin, the first territorial governor.
Gilpin County is part of the Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is the second-smallest county by area in Colorado.
Adjacent counties
Boulder County – north
Jefferson County – east
Clear Creek County – south
Grand County – west
Major Highways
State Highway 46
State Highway 72
State Highway 119
Central City Parkway
National protected areas
Arapaho National Forest
James Peak Wilderness
Roosevelt National Forest
State protected area
Golden Gate Canyon State Park
Scenic trail and byway
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Peak to Peak Scenic and Historic Byway
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 4,757 people, 2,043 households, and 1,264 families in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 2,929 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.37% White, 0.53% Black or African American, 0.82% Native American, 0.69% Asian, 0.19% Pacific Islander, 1.53% from other races, and 1.87% from two or more races. 4.25% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,043 households 26.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.00% were married couples living together, 5.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.10% were non-families. 26.80% of households were one person and 3.70% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.81.
The age distribution was 21.10% under the age of 18, 5.80% from 18 to 24, 37.40% from 25 to 44, 30.00% from 45 to 64, and 5.70% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 112.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.10 males.
The median household income was $51,942 and the median family income was $61,859. Males had a median income of $38,560 versus $30,820 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,148. About 1.00% of families and 4.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 1.40% of those under age 18 and 6.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Black Hawk
Central City
Census-designated places
Coal Creek (also in Boulder and Jefferson counties)
Rollinsville
Other
Nevadaville
Russell Gulch
Historic district
Central City/Black Hawk Historic District
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Arapahoe County, Kansas Territory
Montana County, Jefferson Territory
Colorado census statistical areas
Denver-Aurora-Boulder Combined Statistical Area
Front Range Urban Corridor
Hidee Gold Mine
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gilpin County, Colorado
References
External links
Gilpin County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1861
Rosanna Raymond (born 1967) is a New Zealand artist, poet, and cultural commentator and Raymond was recognised for "Pasifika artists practicing contemporary and heritage art forms in Aotearoa." Winning the Senior Pacific Artist Award Winner of 2018, through Creative New Zealand.
Background
Raymond was born 1967 in Auckland, New Zealand. A New Zealand born third generation Moana of Sāmoan,Tuvaluan, Irish and French descent.
She completed a master's degree at Auckland University of Technology in 2021 with a thesis titled "C o n s e r . V Ā . t i o n | A c t i . V Ā . t i o n Museums, the body and Indigenous Moana art practice".
Career
Raymond is a member of the Pacific and Māori collective, Pacific Sisters.
In 2008, with Amiria Manutahi Salmond, Raymond published Pasifika Styles: Artists Inside the Museum.
In 2010 Raymond launched the SaVAge K'lub project at the Queensland Art Gallery. The project in an installation space that has hosted artworks, spoken word, and performance art from over twenty five artists, including Ani O'Neill, Grace Taylor, and Suzanne Tamaki.
Raymonds SaVAge K'lub is in reference to an establishment in London a historical ninetieth century gentleman's club. Despite the cultural stereotypes and decor of such exclusive institutions Raymonds version removes the gendered and elitist elements. Evolving into a multidisciplinary platform that collects individuals Ideas, practices and knowledge that engenders "Raymond's central kaupapa: to bring about the non-cannabilistic cognitive consumption of 'the Other and opened discussion of space."
Raymond is an Honorary Research Associate at the Department of Anthropology and Institute of Archaeology at University College London. In 2017 she gave the Peter Turner Memorial Lecture at Massey University.
Raymond also works as an exhibition curator. In 2016 she curated Ata Te Tangata, an exhibition of photography by Māori and Pacific artists that toured to China. In 2018 Raymond curated the annual Tautai tertiary exhibition.
Work by Raymond are held in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa and the Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki.
Artist Residencies
2005- The Center for Pacific Islands Studies Visiting Artist Program- University of Hawaii, Honolulu
2006- Sansburry centre for Visual Arts (SCVA)
2008- De Young Museum San Francisco
2014- Ethnological Museum Berlin
2017- Matairangi Mahi Toi Artist Residency at Government House- (Massey University College of Creative Arts Toi Rauwhārangi)
References
Further reading
Artist files for Rosanna Raymond are held at:
E. H. McCormick Research Library, Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki
Te Aka Matua Research Library, Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
Living people
1967 births
People from Auckland
New Zealand women artists
People associated with the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
Auckland University of Technology alumni
New Zealand women curators
An optical beam smoke detector is a device that uses a projected beam of light to detect smoke across large areas, typically as an indicator of fire. They are used to detecting fires in buildings where standard point smoke detectors would either be uneconomical or restricted for use by the height of the building. Optical beam smoke detectors are often installed in warehouses as a cost-effective means of protecting large open spaces.
Principle of operation
Optical beam smoke detectors work on the principle of light obscuration, where the presence of smoke blocks some of the light from the beam, typically through either absorbance or light scattering. Once a certain percentage of the transmitted light has been blocked by the smoke, a fire is signalled. Optical beam smoke detectors are typically used to detect fires in large commercial and industrial buildings, as components in a larger fire alarm system.
Design
Optical beam smoke detectors consist of at least one light transmitter and one receiver, which is photosensitive. The photosensitive receiver monitors light produced by the transmitter under normal conditions. In the absence of smoke, light passes from the light transmitter to the receiver in a straight line. In a fire, when smoke falls within the path of the beam detector, some of the light is absorbed or scattered by the smoke particles. This creates a decrease in the received signal, leading to an increase in optical obscuration i.e. transmittance of light across the beam path.
End-to-end
An end-to-end optical beam smoke detector is a system that has a separate light transmitter and receiver. They are used in applications where there is little available room to install a wide area detector – as the receiver is on a separate element each individual unit is quite small. The small size of the detector is also an advantage for aesthetic installations, where fire protection is required without introducing unsightly or overtly modern devices. Aesthetic considerations are especially important for cultural and heritage sites. End-to-end detectors include open-area smoke imaging detection, in which two wavelengths of light are used to detect smoke. UV and IR wavelengths of light react to smoke differently, and the comparative difference helps to verify real smoke by comparing the reflections and seeing a difference in the profile. UV and IR respond identically to things like blockage (ladder in front to detector path), bugs (blocking beam), fog, steam, and other things that commonly cause false alarms, so the two wavelengths of light are used together to detect smoke accurately.
Reflective
A reflective optical beam smoke detector incorporates a light transmitter and the detector on the same unit. The light path is created by reflecting light emitted from the transmitter off a retroreflector that is placed opposite the detector.
Motorised
A motorised optical beam smoke detector automatically aligns itself during installation and can compensate for alignment 'drift' i.e. where the optical path of the light beam changes over time Both end-to-end systems and reflective systems can be motorised.
Limitations
Early examples of optical beam smoke detectors were prone to false alarms, which were caused by many different factors. Most commonly, the build-up of dust, dirt and other debris would lower the detection threshold for the detector, causing the system to enter alarm when no fire was present. Modern devices use automatic gain control as a means of adapting the signal for these effects. Building movement is another common problem, where movement of the building causes the optical beam smoke detector to lose alignment. Motorised beam detectors have partially addressed this issue, but it can still be problematic in certain installations.
See also
Aspirating smoke detector
Automatic fire suppression
Carbon monoxide detector
Fire alarm
Fire sprinkler
Flame detector
Gaseous fire suppression
Manual call point
Passive infrared sensor
Smoke detector
References
Active fire protection
Detectors
Fire detection and alarm
Safety equipment
Sonny Stitt Blows the Blues is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in late 1959 and released on the Verve label.
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 4 stars stating "Sonny Stitt led a number of excellent record dates in 1959, especially at the end of the year... Playing alto sax throughout this album, Stitt hardly sounds like a Charlie Parker clone, something that unfortunately was a frequent claim by tin-eared critics throughout a fair portion of his career".
Track listing
All compositions by Sonny Stitt except as indicated
"Blue Devil Blues" - 4:28
"Home Free Blues" - 4:23
"Blue Prelude" - 3:07
"Frankie and Johnny" (Hughie Cannon) - 5:31
"The Birth of the Blues" (Ray Henderson, Buddy DeSylva, Lew Brown) - 5:57
"A Blues Offering" - 4:06
"Hymnal Blues" - 6:10
"Morning After Blues" - 2:59
Recorded in Los Angeles, California on December 21 (tracks 1 & 6) and December 22 (tracks 2-5, 7 & 8), 1959
Personnel
Sonny Stitt - alto saxophone
Lou Levy - piano
Leroy Vinnegar - bass
Mel Lewis - drums
Technical
Merle Shore - art direction
Phil Stern - cover photography
References
1960 albums
Verve Records albums
Sonny Stitt albums
Grease is a solid or semisolid lubricant formed as a dispersion of thickening agents in a liquid lubricant. Grease generally consists of a soap emulsified with mineral or vegetable oil.
A common feature of greases is that they possess a high initial viscosity, which upon the application of shear, drops to give the effect of an oil-lubricated bearing of approximately the same viscosity as the base oil used in the grease. This change in viscosity is called shear thinning. Grease is sometimes used to describe lubricating materials that are simply soft solids or high viscosity liquids, but these materials do not exhibit the shear-thinning properties characteristic of the classical grease. For example, petroleum jellies such as Vaseline are not generally classified as greases.
Greases are applied to mechanisms that can be lubricated only infrequently and where a lubricating oil would not stay in position. They also act as sealants to prevent ingress of water and incompressible materials. Grease-lubricated bearings have greater frictional characteristics because of their high viscosity.
Properties
A true grease consists of an oil and/or other fluid lubricant that is mixed with a thickener, typically a soap, to form a solid or semisolid. Greases are usually shear-thinning or pseudo-plastic fluids, which means that the viscosity of the fluid is reduced under shear. After sufficient force to shear the grease has been applied, the viscosity drops and approaches that of the base lubricant, such as the mineral oil. This sudden drop in shear force means that grease is considered a plastic fluid, and the reduction of shear force with time makes it thixotropic. A few greases are rheotropic, meaning they become more viscous when worked. It is often applied using a grease gun, which applies the grease to the part being lubricated under pressure, forcing the solid grease into the spaces in the part.
Thickeners
Soaps are the most common emulsifying agent used, and the selection of the type of soap is determined by the application. Soaps include calcium stearate, sodium stearate, lithium stearate, as well as mixtures of these components. Fatty acids derivatives other than stearates are also used, especially lithium 12-hydroxystearate. The nature of the soaps influences the temperature resistance (relating to the viscosity), water resistance, and chemical stability of the resulting grease. Calcium sulphonates and polyureas are increasingly common grease thickeners not based on metallic soaps.
Powdered solids may also be used as thickeners, especially as clays. Fatty oil-based greases have also been prepared with other thickeners, such as tar, graphite, or mica, which also increase the durability of the grease. Silicone greases are generally thickened with silica.
Engineering assessment and analysis
Lithium-based greases are the most commonly used; sodium and lithium-based greases have higher melting point (dropping point) than calcium-based greases but are not resistant to the action of water. Lithium-based grease has a dropping point at 190 to 220 °C (350 to 400 °F). However the maximum usable temperature for lithium-based grease is 120 °C.
The amount of grease in a sample can be determined in a laboratory by extraction with a solvent followed by e.g. gravimetric determination.
Additives
Some greases are labeled "EP", which indicates "extreme pressure". Under high pressure or shock loading, normal grease can be compressed to the extent that the greased parts come into physical contact, causing friction and wear. EP greases have increased resistance to film breakdown, form sacrificial coatings on the metal surface to protect if the film does break down, or include solid lubricants such as graphite or molybdenum disulfide to provide protection even without any grease remaining.
Solid additives such as copper or ceramic powder are added to some greases for static high pressure and/or high temperature applications, or where corrosion could prevent dis-assembly of components later in their service life. These compounds are working as a release agent. Solid additives cannot be used in bearings because of tight tolerances. Solid additives will cause increased wear in bearings.
History
Grease from the early Egyptian or Roman eras is thought to have been prepared by combining lime with olive oil. The lime saponifies some of the triglyceride that comprises oil to give a calcium grease. In the middle of the 19th century, soaps were intentionally added as thickeners to oils. Over the centuries, all manner of materials have been employed as greases. For example, black slugs Arion ater were used as axle-grease to lubricate wooden axle-trees or carts in Sweden.
Classification and standards
Jointly developed by ASTM International, the National Lubricating Grease Institute (NLGI) and SAE International, standard “standard classification and specification for automotive service greases” was first published in 1989 by ASTM International. It categorizes greases suitable for the lubrication of chassis components and wheel bearings of vehicles, based on performance requirements, using codes adopted from the NLGI's “chassis and wheel bearing service classification system”:
LA and LB: chassis lubricants (suitability up to mild and severe duty respectively)
GA, GB and GC: wheel-bearings (suitability up to mild, moderate and severe duty respectively)
A given performance category may include greases of different consistencies.
The measure of the consistency of grease is commonly expressed by its NLGI consistency number.
The main elements of standard and NLGI's consistency classification are reproduced and described in standard “automotive lubricating greases” published by SAE International.
Standard “lubricants, industrial oils and related products (class L) — classification — part 9: family X (greases)”, first released in 1987 by the International Organization for Standardization, establishes a detailed classification of greases used for the lubrication of equipment, components of machines, vehicles, etc. It assigns a single multi-part code to each grease based on its operational properties (including temperature range, effects of water, load, etc.) and its NLGI consistency number.
Other types
Silicone grease
Silicone grease is based on a silicone oil, usually thickened with amorphous fumed silica.
Fluoroether-based grease
Fluoropolymers containing C-O-C (ether) with fluorine (F) bonded to the carbon. They are more flexible and often used in demanding environments due to their inertness. Fomblin by Solvay Solexis and Krytox by duPont are prominent examples.
Laboratory grease
Apiezon, silicone-based, and fluoroether-based greases are all used commonly in laboratories for lubricating stopcocks and ground glass joints. The grease helps to prevent joints from "freezing", as well as ensuring high vacuum systems are properly sealed. Apiezon or similar hydrocarbon based greases are the cheapest, and most suitable for high vacuum applications. However, they dissolve in many organic solvents. This quality makes clean-up with pentane or hexanes trivial, but also easily leads to contamination of reaction mixtures.
Silicone-based greases are cheaper than fluoroether-based greases. They are relatively inert and generally do not affect reactions, though reaction mixtures often get contaminated (detected through NMR near δ 0). Silicone-based greases are not easily removed with solvent, but they are removed efficiently by soaking in a base bath.
Fluoroether-based greases are inert to many substances including solvents, acids, bases, and oxidizers. They are, however, expensive, and are not easily cleaned away.
Food-grade grease
Food-grade greases are those greases that come in contact with food. Food-grade lubricant base oil are generally low sulfur petrochemical, less easily oxidized and emulsified. Another commonly used poly-α olefin base oil as well The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has three food-grade designations: H1, H2 and H3. H1 lubricants are food-grade lubricants used in food-processing environments where there is the possibility of incidental food contact. H2 lubricants are industrial lubricants used on equipment and machine parts in locations with no possibility of contact. H3 lubricants are food-grade lubricants, typically edible oils, used to prevent rust on hooks, trolleys and similar equipment.
Water-soluble grease analogs
In some cases, the lubrication and high viscosity of a grease are desired in situations where non-toxic, non-oil based materials are required. Carboxymethyl cellulose, or CMC, is one popular material used to create a water-based analog of greases. CMC serves to both thicken the solution and add a lubricating effect, and often silicone-based lubricants are added for additional lubrication. The most familiar example of this type of lubricant, used as a surgical and personal lubricant, is K-Y Jelly.
Cork grease
Cork grease is a lubricant used to lubricate cork, for example in musical wind instruments. It is usually applied using small lip-balm/lip-stick like applicators.
See also
Bearing (mechanical)
Lubrication
Lubrication theory
Penetrant
Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers
Timken OK Load
References
External links
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers grease definition and application guide (PDF file)
New location: Navigate to USACE Home > [Publications] > [Engineer Manuals] > [EM 1110-2-1424 Lubricants and Hydraulic Fluids]
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers grease definition and application guide (PDF file)
The Grocer's Encyclopedia online.
Interflon USA "What is the difference between oil and grease?"
Greases
Tribology
Aram Asatryan (; 3 March 1953 – 7 November 2006) was an Armenian singer and songwriter of Armenian pop and rabiz music, known for his energetic concerts. He is widely regarded as the pioneer of the "rabiz" music genre and to this day remains the most popular rabiz singer of all time.
Biography
Aram Asatryan was born in Ejmiatsin (now known as Vagharshapat) on March 3, 1953 to Hapet Asatryan and Ashken Mampreyan. He was born to a refugee family.
Ever since his childhood years, Aram was recognized as a prodigal musician. In 1985, Asatryan formed his own band. Later in life, he gained fame for his distinct voice and musical styling, and was popular both in Armenia and the international community, particularly the Armenian diaspora . Asatryan loved to work and he devoted his life to music. He approached positive things and was confident about himself. His love for his country, the Armenian people, as well as other ethnic groups are expressed in his songs. During the First Nagorno-Karabakh War, he performed songs for the soldiers and Armenians in general to generate moral support.
Asatryan performed many concerts internationally (Asia, Europe, Russia, the Middle East), and in many cities in Armenia. He wrote over 500 songs and constantly held world tours. Throughout his life, he received many awards such as the "Gusan", which he was awarded on April 18, 2003 by the Cultural Music Ministry in Armenia. The "Gusan" award is the most prestigious award offered by the Cultural Music Ministry in Armenia.
Personal life
Aram Asatryan was married to Nvart Gevorkyan and they had three sons, Artash, Tigran, Setrak, and a daughter, Zvart.
Until his death, Asatryan resided in the United States. He believed his music would pass on from generation to generation. His son Setrak (Seto) died in a tragic automobile accident approximately one year before Aram's death, which left Aram in a grieving state until his return to Armenia in 2006. His musical legacy is continued by his two sons, Tigran and Artash Asatryan, his nephew Hovhannes Asatryan, and his two grandsons, Arman and Grisha Asatryan.
Death
Aram Asatryan died on 7 November 2006 in Oshakan in the Aragatsotn region from an apparent heart attack. He was at a baptism being the godfather of an Armenian family. He did not show early symptoms of sickness as it was reported that he was in a very good and warm mood.
Dying surrounded by his close relatives, he was grieved by fans as he was considered one of the big names in Armenian pop music in modern times, and dubbed the "voice of Hayastan". The entire Asatryan family is considered to be a foremost contributor to the pop music of post-Soviet Armenia.
Discography
Studio albums
Asum En Heru (1985)
Vorkan Tsankatsan (1989)
Mer Hayrenik (1990)
The Best (1991)
Angakh Hayasdan (1992)
Music With Duduk (1993)
Indz Hamar (1993)
Puj Ashkhar (1993)
Nayir Ashkharin (1994)
Azat Hayasdan (1995)
Hye Es Du (1996)
The Golden Album (1997)
Los Angeles (1998)
Super Dance (1998)
Yet Dardzek Tariner (1999)
10 Tari Bemum (1999)
2000 Millennium (1999)
Ashkharoum Inchkan Hay Ka, Aynkan El Ka Yerevan (2000)
Re Mi X (2000)
The Very Best (2000)
Asem Te Casem (2001)
Im Yerke (2001)
Skizb (2002)
Urakh Tsragir (2002)
Urakh Tsragir 2 (2002)
Du Ashkhar Ekar (2003)
Siro Patmutyun (2004)
Anund (2005)
My Sons (2006)
Posthumous
Im Yerke Vol. 2 (2017)
Live albums
Aram and Armen Live (1998)
Alex 50 Golden Years (2003)
Live Concert in Armenia (2005)
Compilation albums
Sweet Memory's (2002)
50 Years (2003)
The Best Of Aram Asatryan (2003)
References
External links
Aram Asatryan - Aram Asatryan Online Music Playlist
Death
a1plus death report
Aram Asatryan Music Videos
1953 births
2006 deaths
People from Vagharshapat
20th-century Armenian male singers
21st-century Armenian male singers
The Old Napa Register Building, at 1202 1st St. in Napa, California, was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Napa Register, founded in 1863 as a weekly, is Napa County's largest newspaper. It began daily publication in 1872. George Milton Francis became sole owner and publisher in 1876 and ran it until the 1920s when his son, George R. Francis, took over.
To erect the building, Francis bought the property at Coombs and First Streets in 1904, when it was relatively far from the downtown, and was reportedly advised that was a poor idea. However other businesses followed and the direction of Napa's commercial development switched from north–south along Main St. to east–west along First.
It was designed by architect L.M. Turton.
In early years, the second floor was leased as a dance studio.
References
Newspaper buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Napa County, California
Buildings and structures completed in 1905
1905 establishments in California
Central Phuket is a shopping mall in Phuket, Thailand. It measures either or of gross leasable area, depending on the source reporting this fact. There was a major expansion with the construction of the "Floresta" building in 2018.
Central Phuket consists of two modernly designed buildings (Festival and Floresta) linked by moving walkways. It features 15 luxury brands, 500 lifestyle shops, 300 F&B outlets and three main attractions on 111 rais of land located in downtown Phuket. It is the largest shopping center and includes extensive food service and entertainment that consists of an aquarium and adventure theme park.
Festival
Festival, the original building, was redesigned to align with the beaches and blue seas of Phuket, both inside and out, expressing the concept of “Andaman Treasure”. Catering to a variety of lifestyles, Central Phuket hosts a variety of activities from dawn to dusk. There are designated recreational areas for relaxing and socializing.
Floresta
Floresta, a recent addition to Central Phuket, is decorated with nature motifs and incorporating various aspects of Thai art, culture, literature, and modern architecture.
See also
List of the largest shopping malls
External links
Official website
References
Shopping malls in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Phuket province
Minden is a ghost town in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States. It possessed a post office during 1878 and 1879.
References
Geography of Calhoun County, Alabama
Ghost towns in Alabama
The Auster J/5 Aiglet Trainer was a 1950s British single-engined four-seat high-wing training and touring monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire.
History
Despite its name, the aircraft type had nothing to do with the Auster J/1B Aiglet, it being an aerobatic development of the Auster J/5 Autocar.
The Aiglet Trainer was based on the J/5 fuselage with new wings and stressed for aerobatics. The prototype first flew on 2 June 1951.
Most Aiglet Trainers were bought by private pilots and flying clubs, but 15 went to the Pakistan Air Force, 14 to the Iran Civil Aviation Club and two to the Lebanese Air Force.
Variants
Auster J/5F Aiglet Trainer – production version.
Auster J/5K Aiglet Trainer – Blackburn Cirrus Major 3 engine, one built.
Auster J/5L Aiglet Trainer – de Havilland Gipsy Major 1 engine. 10 built.
Auster J/8L Aiglet Trainer – J-5K re-engined with a de Havilland Gipsy Major 1 engine.
Operators
Royal Jordanian Air Force
Lebanese Air Force – two aircraft
Pakistan Air Force – 17 aircraft
Specifications (J/5F)
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1950s British civil utility aircraft
Auster aircraft
Aerobatic aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1951
Mount Richter () is a mountain rising to 2550 m between Gutenberg Glacier and upper Starshot Glacier in north Holyoake Range, Churchill Mountains, Antarctica. The mountain is 3 nautical miles (6 km) north of Mount Hubble. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Charles F. Richter, American physicist, California Institute of Technology, 1930–70; in collaboration with Beno Gutenberg, 1935, he developed the Richter Scale which bears his name, used to measure the magnitude of earthquakes.
Mountains of Oates Land
Smothered is a 2016 horror comedy directed and written by John Schneider. The film stars Kane Hodder, Bill Moseley, R. A. Mihailoff, Malcolm Danare, and Don Shanks as several horror icons that find themselves the focus of a murderous hunt.
Synopsis
After a convention appearance gig turns out to be wildly unsuccessful and unpleasant, a group of cult horror icons find themselves reluctantly persuaded to haunt a trailer park. Lured by the promise of $1,000 apiece for what should be relatively easy work, the group arrives at the park but soon discovers that there is more to the job than they had initially been led to believe and that their own lives are at risk.
Cast
Kane Hodder as Striper
R. A. Mihailoff as himself
Bill Moseley as Soggy Christian
Dane Rhodes as Randy
Malcolm Danare as himself
Don Shanks as himself
Rachel Alana Handler as Chunks
Amy Brassette as Agness
Ritchie Montgomery as Mountain Man
Brea Grant as DeeDee
John Schneider as Player
Michael Berryman as himself
John Kassir as himself
Andrew Bowen as Carl
Shanna Forrestall as Trixie
Production
Filming mostly took place on Schneider's John Schneider Studios lot in Louisiana and additional scenes were shot in downtown Baton Rouge during summer 2013. For casting Schneider had a table read in Baton Rouge and cast Shanna Forrestall and Dane Rhodes based on their performances at the read. He had initially intended for Roddy Piper to perform in the film and after Piper was unable to take part in Smothered, Schneider re-wrote and renamed Piper's role for Rhodes. While writing the script Schneider changed the name of Moseley's character several times before choosing "Soggy Christian" and also added in that Moseley's character was a recovering alcoholic, which Moseley greatly enjoyed.
Reception
Shock Till You Drop gave Smothered a positive review and remarked that it was "a fun film because it gives us a chance to see some of our horror heroes in a different light."
References
External links
2016 films
2016 comedy horror films
Films shot in Louisiana
American comedy horror films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Merrett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Daniel Merrett (born 1984), Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League and fullback for Brisbane Lions
Henry Merrett (born 1886), former Australian rules footballer
Jackson Merrett (born 1993), Australian rules football player
John Campbell Merrett (born 1909), Canadian architect whose most noteworthy work was the concept and design of Montreal's Central Station
Lara Merrett (born 1971), Australian visual artist who lives and works in Melbourne, Australia
Leo Merrett, Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL in between 1940 and 1949 for the Richmond Football Club
Mitch Merrett, Canadian record producer
Nigel Merrett (born 1940), British zoologist and ichthyologist and former director of the fish section of the British Natural History Museum
Paul Merrett, chef and TV personality based in Godalming, guest chef on Saturday Kitchen, a resident chef on Sunday Feast
Roger Merrett (born 1960), former Australian rules footballer who played in two Victorian Football League premiership sides
Thorold Merrett (born 1933), former Australian rules footballer, who played in the Victorian Football League
Zach Merrett (born 1995), Australian rules football player
See also
Merrett–Murray Medal awarded annually to the player adjudged the Brisbane Lions Club Champion of the season
Merrett R. Stierheim, public administrator in the public sector in Miami-Dade County from 1959 to 2004
The Sursee-Triengen Railway () (ST) is a railway company in Switzerland. It owns a railway line of only 8.9 km between Sursee, where it connects to the SBB-CFF-FFS network, and Triengen. The line was opened on 23 November 1912 with steam traction. Unlike most other railways in Switzerland, it was never electrified but a small diesel locomotive was purchased in 1965.
The company also owns the Hinwil to Bäretswil section of the Uerikon–Bauma railway and leases the section from Bäretswil to Bauma. This line hosts limited freight services plus excursion trains of the Dampfbahn-Verein Zürcher Oberland.
Sursee–Triengen line
Steam locomotives
Traffic had started with two small steam locomotives E 2/2 1 and 2 and in 1917 a steam motor coach joined them. This unique FZm 1/2 11 had mail and baggage compartments. 1961-1963 these three vehicles reached the end of their lives and were replaced by used SBB E 3/3 "Tigerli". The first two of them (3 ex 8477 and 4 ex 8488) had soon to be replaced by two others (5 ex 8479 and 8522). 1960-64 a leased tramway-type ("Glaskasten") Ed 2/2 from VHB was in use. E 3/3 5 and 8522 were kept as replacements for the new diesel.
Sursee-Stadt Station
When the line was opened in 1912, SB built a passenger Station North of the Old town Center, called Sursee-Stadt. The Station was connected to the SBB Olten-Lucerne Railway over a wide curve through the Kleinfeld into the northern End of Sursee SBB where the Trains from Triengen terminated.
The Station Sursee-Stadt was served until the construction of the N2 to Lucerne in 1978. The motorway connection Sursee called for the construction of a Northern Ringroad Ringstrasse Nord through the Bifang. At this point the Tracks were ripped up and relocated to an even wider curve bypassing the now Built up Kleinfeld and joining the existing Tracks in the Schwyzermatt.
The Industriestrasse still follows a part of the exact curve, where the old Tracks used to lay between Sursee-SBB and Sursee-Stadt. On the Triengen Side of the Station, all remnants of the old Tracks have been removed. The Track used to lay where the Suhrentalstrasse to Geuensee now stands.
The Station Building was preserved and now functions as a Restaurant called Bahnhöfli.
Planned extension
There had been many plans and long discussions about a through going Suhre valley railway. This would have been the existing, long Aarau–Schöftland line of the Wynental and Suhrental railway (WSB), a new meter gauge line Schöftland–Triengen and a third rail in the track of the Sursee–Triengen railway, including electrification. Electric meter gauge trains would have made the journey from Aarau to Sursee. Freight traffic could have continued on standard gauge to Triengen, similar to Wohlen–Bremgarten of the BDWM. But it wasn't the time to build new secondary railways then and furthermore Triengen and Schöftland are situated in different cantons. On 25 September 1971 regular passenger traffic of the ST ended and a new bus service Sursee–Triengen–Schöftland connected with the modernized WSB line.
Current operation
Freight traffic continued and in 1976 a second diesel of SBB Tm IV type arrived. When the nostalgia-boom reached Switzerland, ST gave its steam 8522 engines to the Dampfbahn Bern which gave it an overhaul and used it for some time. Having kept the old passenger coaches, ST began to offer steam train runs. Remarkable thing is that 8522 is one of the two locomotives that were "partly electrified" during World War 2. An electric boiler heating should replace rare coal. But when the war was over and supply restarted, pantograph and electric heater were removed
.
After the 1999 reform of railway law, SBB Cargo decided to bring freight cars to their destinations in open access. It took over Tm IV 2 from ST. So, the ST of today is an infrastructure and steam train company.
Future
A study about the feasibility of reinstating passenger traffic and a possible extension to Schöftland commissioned by the Sursee-Triengen company with ETH Zurich was published in May 2009.
The municipality Triengen opposes passenger rail traffic, as access to settlements seems to be better by road transport. Furthermore, the municipality would have to cover part of the potential higher deficit.
Uerikon–Bauma line
The Uerikon–Bauma railway is a railway line in the Canton of Zürich. The section from Uerikon to Hinwil closed in 1948; the remaining passed to Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) and later, in part, the Dampfbahn-Verein Zürcher Oberland (DVZO) heritage railway. The Sursee-Triengen-Bahn acquired the Hinwil to Bäretswil section of the line from the SBB in 2018, and then leased the Bäretswil to Bauma section from the DVZO in 2019, giving it complete control of the line.
Notes
References
Daniel Zumbühl, 75 Jahre Sursee-Triengen-Bahn, (offizielle Festschrift). E.B.Leutwiler Verlag, Zürich, 1987,
External links
ST
Railway lines in Switzerland
Swiss companies established in 1912
Transport companies established in 1912
Carex sprengelii, known as Sprengel's sedge and long-beaked sedge, is a sedge with hanging seed heads, native to North America.
Description
Long-beaked sedge has flowering stems (culms) long. The leaves are wide and shorter than the flowering stems.
Each flowering stem has 1 to 4 spikes of flowers. While flowering, they are crowded at the tip of the stem. The terminal spike is either all male or male with a few female flowers at the bottom. Each female spike has 10 to 40 female flowers, each about apart. Each spike is on its own stalk (pedicel), and each succeeding spike is shorter than the previous one. As the female flowers develop into seeds (achenes), the stalk droops or nods downwards. The bract enclosing the seed has a long tapered tip (beak), which gives the plant its common name.
References
External links
sprengelii
Flora of North America
Flora of Canada
Flora of Eastern Canada
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the North-Central United States
Flora of the Northeastern United States
Flora of the South-Central United States
Duvin ( ), ) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Duvin, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.
History
Duvin is first mentioned about 840 as Auna. In 1290 it was mentioned as Aiuns.
Geography
Before the merger, Duvin had a total area of . Of this area, 22% is used for agricultural purposes, while 40% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (37%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Lugnez sub-district of the Surselva district. It is on a terrace above the right side of the Lugnez valley. It is separated from Camuns (a village in Suraua) and Pitasch by deep canyons.
Demographics
Duvin had a population (as of 2011) of 84. , 1.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 6.8%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh(48.8%), with German being second most common (47.5%) and Italian being third ( 2.5%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.9% male and 52.1% female. The age distribution, , in Duvin is; 9 children or 11.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 15 teenagers or 18.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 6 people or 7.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 16 people or 20.0% are between 30 and 39, 13 people or 16.3% are between 40 and 49, and 8 people or 10.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 9 people or 11.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, no one is between 70 and 79, while there are 2 people or 2.5% who are between 80 and 89 and there are 2 people or 2.5% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 74.2% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were the SP (12.5%) and the FDP (6.7%).
About 69.6% of Duvin's population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Duvin has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 24 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. People are employed in the secondary sector and there are businesses in this sector. people are employed in the tertiary sector, with businesses in this sector.
Dunvin route
"Duvin" or "Dun vin" is a route in the Lavaux region in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was developed mostly by monks about 800 years ago. The vineyards of Lavaux can be traced back to the 11th century.
References
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
David Junior Sackey (born September 6, 1993) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He won his first Grey Cup championship in 2017 with the Toronto Argonauts. He played CIS football for the Toronto Varsity Blues from 2012 to 2015.
High school
Sackey played high school football at St. Francis Xavier Secondary School where he was once named defensive lineman of the year and most improved player.
Professional career
Toronto Argonauts
Sackey was drafted by the Toronto Argonauts in the second round, 12th overall, in the 2016 CFL Draft and signed with the club on May 24, 2016. He played in six games in his rookie year in 2016 and dressed in his first CFL game on July 31, 2016 against the Ottawa Redblacks. In 2017, he spent the regular season and playoffs on the Argos practice roster. The Argos went on to win the 105th Grey Cup. On January 10, 2018, Sackey was re-signed by the Argos to a two-year contract. He dressed in a total of 13 games with the Argonauts and was released part way through the 2019 season on August 14, 2019.
Ottawa Redblacks
On August 20, 2019, it was announced that Sackey had agreed to a practice roster agreement with the Ottawa Redblacks.
References
External links
Ottawa Redblacks bio
1993 births
Living people
Canadian football offensive linemen
Ottawa Redblacks players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Toronto Argonauts players
Toronto Varsity Blues football players
Byblos Port is an ancient port in Byblos, Lebanon and is believed by the Lebanese to be the oldest port in the world. Around 3000 BC, Byblos Port was the most important timber shipping center in the eastern Mediterranean. It was used by the Phoenicians to ship their local wine, Cedars of Lebanon and other wood to the Pharaohs of Ancient Egypt to be used in tomb construction and shipbuilding.
External links
Byblos information
Ports_and_harbors_of_Lebanon
Ports and harbours of the Arab League
Transport in the Arab League
Times Community Media (TCM) is a group of contiguous weeklies in Northern Virginia, United States, and the Piedmont, United States.
Based in Herndon, Virginia, the newspaper group provides local news in the Virginia suburbs outside Washington, D.C. With more than 200 years of local newspaper history, the company grew by focusing on local news. As of 2008, the Times Community Newspapers 240,000 households in Northern Virginia. TCM is a co-owner of the Washington Suburban Press Network, which is also a group of regional community newspapers.
In 1962, the company was founded by Arthur W. Arundel. Arundel purchased the 165-year-old Loudoun Times-Mirror in Leesburg in 1963. The company has grown ever since, and now owns the following newspapers:
Culpeper Times
Fauquier Times (formerly called Fauquier Times-Democrat)
The Gainesville Times
Loudoun Times-Mirror
References
External links
Official website
Companies based in Virginia
Publishing companies established in 1962
Newspaper companies of the United States
Northern Virginia
1962 establishments in Virginia
Night Must Fall is a remake of the 1937 film of the same name, which was in turn based on the 1935 play by Emlyn Williams. It was directed by Karel Reisz from a script by Clive Exton and starred Albert Finney, Mona Washbourne, and Susan Hampshire, but was not as successful as the original film. The film was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot
In the woods of a Welsh suburb, a man commits an axe murder and disposes of his female victim's body and the axe in a lake. The man, later shown to be a hotel bellboy named Danny, is summoned to the home of Mrs. Bramson, a wealthy widow, whose maid, Dora, is pregnant by him.
Having charmed Mrs. Bramson, he is soon living in her house and pretends to be her son, while redecorating a room and assuming butler duties. He also woos Olivia, Mrs. Bramson's daughter. Alone in his room, he favours a hatbox, which contains the heads of his victims.
Meanwhile, the police uncover the headless body and the axe in the lake, which is bordering the property. They question Danny about the victim, who he states frequented the hotel as a prostitute. Dora discovers Danny and Olivia's relationship and rejects both of them. He begins to play odd games with Mrs. Bramson, and Olivia flees the house out of fear.
Frustrated because Mrs. Bramson grows weary of a game of chase, Danny hacks her to death. Olivia returns, sees the carnage, and summons the police. She finds Danny bathing and informs him that the police are soon to arrive. He huddles in the bathroom, withdrawn in his madness.
Cast
References
External links
1964 films
1960s thriller films
British black-and-white films
British thriller films
British remakes of American films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Karel Reisz
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films scored by Ron Grainer
Films with screenplays by Clive Exton
1960s English-language films
1960s British films
Marh is a village and municipality in Jammu district of the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. The village is located 26 kilometres from district headquarters Jammu.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census of India, Wavoora has 228 households. The literacy rate of Marh village was 82.06% compared to 67.16% of Jammu and Kashmir. In Marh, Male literacy stands at 88.63% while the female literacy rate was 74.60%.
Transport
Road
Marh is connected by road with other places in Jammu and Kashmir and India by the NH 144A.
Rail
The nearest railway station to Marh is Jammu Tawi railway station located at a distance of 30 kilometres.
Air
The nearest airport is Jammu Airport located at a distance of 32 kilometres.
See also
Marh (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
References
Villages in Jammu district
"Sooner or Later" is a song recorded by American country music group The Forester Sisters on their 1987 album You Again. In 1989, the song was recorded by country artist Eddy Raven and released in December 1989 as the third single from his album Temporary Sanity. The song reached #6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Susan Longacre, Bill LaBounty and Beckie Foster.
Content
The song is composed in the key of D major. Its verses follow the pattern G-A-G-D twice, followed by E7-G-A. The chorus follows the pattern D-Bm-G-A twice before ending on a D7 chord.
Critical reception
An uncredited review in Billboard described it as a "pounding, rollicking number" that "should propel him back to those same chart heights."
Chart performance
Year-end charts
References
1990 singles
The Forester Sisters songs
Eddy Raven songs
Songs written by Bill LaBounty
Song recordings produced by Barry Beckett
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Songs written by Susan Longacre
1987 songs
Songs written by Beckie Foster
Mostafa Soltan (; born 2 February 1992), sometimes spelled Mostafa Sultan, is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Egyptian Premier League club Al Masry.
References
1992 births
Living people
People from Monufia Governorate
Egyptian footballers
Association football wingers
Egyptian Premier League players
El Shams SC players
FC Masr players
Al Masry SC players
Wilfred Chikpa Anagbe (born 1965 in Aondona) is a Nigerian prelate of the Catholic Church, and serves as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Makurdi. He was appointed coadjutor bishop in 2014, and succeeded to the office in 2015.
References
External links
1965 births
Nigerian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Makurdi
Living people
Rodriquez Pond () is a freshwater frozen pond in the Labyrinth of Wright Valley in the McMurdo Dry Valleys. The pond is the larger of the two ponds that lie west of Hoffman Ledge in Healy Trough. It is just southeast of smaller Redman Pond. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Russell Rodriquez, U.S. Geological Survey, Seattle, WA; member of a United States Antarctic Program (USAP) party that sampled the pond in 2003–04.
Lakes of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Ferdinand Trauttmansdorff (born 28 July 1950), is the Austrian ambassador in Prague.
Background
He belongs to the aristocratic Austrian-Moravian mediatised noble family Trauttmansdorff. He is also referred to by the courtesy style and title, "His Illustrious Highness Count Ferdinand von und zu Trauttmansdorff-Weinsberg" (unlawful in Austria since the abolition of noble titles and particles).
Training and career
From 1970 to 1971 Trauttmansdorff completed the one-year voluntary military service in Austria.
After this he began to study law at the University of Graz. After graduation he served a one-year military service with the UN Forces in Cyprus. From 1975-1979 he worked as a study and research assistant and later as an assistant professor at the Institute for International Law and International Relations at the University of Graz.
Then he studied European Law at the Collège d'Europe in Bruges (1977/78) With his education and previous professional career, he succeeded in entering the Austrian foreign service in 1981. In his first years in the Austrian Foreign Service, he worked as a lecturer at the Austrian Mission in Geneva. In 1985, he was working at the Austrian Embassy in Bucharest. From 1985 to 1986, he took for his political activities the presidential campaign leave.
In the following years he was Arts Council at the Austrian Embassy in Washington, D.C. and then worked at the embassy in Budapest. Since 1999, he has been ambassador in Cairo, Khartoum and Lisbon.
Since January 2010, Ferdinand Trauttmansdorff is the Austrian ambassador in Prague.
References
External links
Austrian Department of State
1950 births
Ambassadors of Austria to Egypt
Ambassadors of Austria to Sudan
Ambassadors of Austria to Portugal
Ambassadors of Austria to the Czech Republic
College of Europe alumni
Moravian nobility
Austrian untitled nobility
Living people
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Commercial skipping is a feature of some digital video recorders that makes it possible to automatically skip commercials in recorded programs. This feature created controversy, with major television networks and movie studios claiming it violates copyright and should be banned.
History
After the video cassette recorder (VCR) became popular in the 1980s, the television industry began studying the impact of users fast forwarding through commercials. Advertising agencies fought the trend by making them more entertaining. For many years, video recorders manufactured for the Japanese market have been able to skip advertisements automatically, which is done by detecting when foreign language audio overdub tracks provided for many programmes go silent, as advertisements were broadcast with a single language only.
The first digital video recorder (DVR) with a built-in commercial skipping feature was ReplayTV with its "4000 Series" and "5000 Series" units. In 2002, the main television networks and movie studios sued ReplayTV, claiming that skipping advertisements during replay violates copyright. Later, five owners of ReplayTV represented by Electronic Frontier Foundation and attorneys Ira Rothken and Richard Wiebe countersued, asking the federal judge to uphold consumers' rights to record TV shows and skip commercials, claiming that features like commercial skipping help parents protect their kids from excessive consumerism. ReplayTV ended up filing for bankruptcy in 2003 after fighting a copyright infringement suit over the ReplayTV's ability to skip commercials.
Commercial skipping software
In addition to the DVR devices which existed in the private market since the late 1990s, towards the mid-2000s, due to the significant advances in home computers, Home theater PCs started gaining popularity in the private market and many users began using their Home theater PCs in their living room for entertainment purposes.
Following this, many DVR programs were developed, including popular programs such as Windows Media Center, which contained all of the features of the DVR devices in addition to advanced features such as HDTV and the use of Multiple TV Tuner Cards. Some independent developers began developing independent software capable of skipping the commercial segments when playing recorded videos, and permanently removing the commercial segments from recorded video files.
By 2014, many DVR programs such as Windows Media Center, SageTV and MythTV had the capability to skip commercials segments in recorded TV broadcasts after installing third-party add-ons such as DVRMSToolbox, Comskip and ShowAnalyzer, which use various advanced techniques to locate the commercial segments in the video files and save their locations to text files. The text files can also be fed into programs such as MEncoder or DVRMSToolboxGUI which can delete the commercial segments from the recorded video files.
A few third-party tools such as MCEBuddy automate detection and removal/marking of commercials.
One of the weaknesses of commercial skippers is that, operating automatically, they may misidentify program material as a commercial. Some programs like MCEBuddy provide the ability to fine-tune commercial detection for groups of files (e.g. by channel or country) and provide tools to manually fine-tune commercial segments for individual files.
In May 2012, the US Dish Network began offering a DVR with what it calls AutoHop. The device would automatically skip commercials when displaying programming that the viewer had previously recorded with the PrimeTime Anytime feature. It does not skip ads on any live programs. US broadcasters were angered at the news, and FOX embarked on legal action. Most, but not all, of Fox's claims were dismissed; ultimately an agreement was reached whereby AutoHop would only become available for Fox stations seven days after a program is transmitted; terms of the settlement were not disclosed.
The future of TV advertisements
The introduction of digital video recorders and services with skipping and fast-forward capabilities enables viewers to avoid viewing interruptive advertisements in recorded programs, either manually or automatically. While advertising separate to television shows can be skipped, advertising in TV shows themselves ("product placement") cannot be skipped. Streaming services such as Hulu show shorter advertisements with a countdown timer and tailored to the viewers interests, asking interactive questions like "Is this ad relevant to you?".
See also
Ad blocking
References
External links
DVR commercial skipping: 50% or 70%? Depends on whom you ask
Commercial skipping to cost $8 billion in TV ads this year?
Automatic Commercial Skip in Media Center
Commercial-skipping 'thieves' sue accusers - Fans of Sonicblue gear strike back at entertainment giants
Digital video recorders
Digital media
Skipping
Saturno Meletti (1906 in Fano – 23 September 1985 in Rome) was an Italian operatic bass-baritone particularly associated with the standard Italian repertory and contemporary works.
Meletti began his career in his native city as Escamillo, in 1929, later appearing in several small theatres throughout Italy.
He made his debut at the Rome Opera in 1932, and sang there until 1976. He then appeared at the Teatro Comunale in Bologna, the Teatro Regio Parma, the San Carlo in Naples, the Teatro Massimo in Palermo, the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence, and La Scala in Milan, etc. He also made guest appearances in Germany, Switzerland, Egypt, and South America.
He took part in many creations, notably Gian Francesco Malipiero's Antonio e Cleopatra (Florence, 1938), Ildebrando Pizzetti's Vanna Lupa (Rome, 1947), Adriano Lualdi's La Luna di Cairibi (Milan, 1953), Renzo Rossellini's La Guerra (Naples, 1956).
He can be heard on several recordings with Cetra notably as Melitone in La forza del destino, under Gino Marinuzzi, and as David in L'amico Fritz, under Pietro Mascagni, but also in La cenerentola, Falstaff, Manon Lescaut, Adriana Lecouvreur.
Sources
Operissimo
1906 births
1985 deaths
Operatic bass-baritones
20th-century Italian male opera singers
Alexey Ivanovich Podberezkin (also: Podberyozkin; ; born 7 February 1953) is a Russian politician, PhD in historical sciences, professor, member of Russian Academy of Sciences, member of Russian Academy of Military Sciences, president of the Russian-American University.
Biography
Podberezkin was born on 7 February 1953 in Moscow into a family of workers. He graduated from Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1979 with a degree in International relations. In 1982, Alexey Podberezkin got his Advance Degree in military-political problems and international relations and gained reputation as an expert in the USA military politics.
Since 1981 to 1985, headed a group of consultants of the USSR Committee of Youth Organizations. In 1990, Podberezkin received Ph.D. in history.
In 1994, founded the socio-political movement Spiritual Heritage, actively supporting the development of Russian science, culture, education and entrepreneurship. He featured communist and nationalist views, but in a relatively mild way.
Since 1995 to 99, he was a deputy of the Russian State Duma Federal Assembly of the 2nd convocation. In 2000 he ran for Russia's presidency. In 2005-2008, Podberezkin becomes a secretary general of the Socialist United Party of Russia (SEPR). In 2008, he became chairman adviser of the Accounting Chamber of the Russian Federation.
References
http://old.nasled.ru/
"Moscow State Institute of International Affairs: http://www.mgimo.ru/users/document2088.phtml". Durham University. Retrieved 8 September 2011.
External links
http://www.organizmica.org/archive/008/ac-structure.shtml
https://web.archive.org/web/20160303231641/http://persona.rin.ru/eng/view/f//19608/podberyozkin-alexey
1953 births
Living people
Politicians from Moscow
Moscow State Institute of International Relations alumni
Podberezkin
Second convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Vidisha Museum or Vidisha District Museum is the main museum of the city of Vidisha, ancient Besnagar.
The museum has many sculptures, terracottas and coins, especially from the 9th to the 10 th century CE, as well as Harappan art.
A famous statue of a Yaksha, usually dated to the time of the Mauryan Empire or the Sunga Empire, can be seen.
Address: H.N. 204, Block Colony, NH86, Block Colony, Durga Nagar, Vidisha, Madhya Pradesh 464001, India
References
Museums in Madhya Pradesh
Vidisha
Tourist attractions in Vidisha district
Sorolopha cervicata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Burma and Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 14 mm. The forewings are pale olive but whitish green posteriorly. The hindwings are light fuscous purple but paler on the basal half.
References
Moths described in 1973
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Jim Capuzzi is a former defensive back and quarterback in the National Football League.
Biography
Capuzzi was born on March 12, 1932 in Niles, Ohio.
Career
Capuzzi played with the Green Bay Packers for two seasons (1955-56). He played at the collegiate level at University of Cincinnati and Marquette University.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1932 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
American football quarterbacks
Green Bay Packers players
Cincinnati Bearcats football players
Marquette Golden Avalanche football players
People from Niles, Ohio
Players of American football from Ohio
"You Be Killin Em" is a song by American rapper Fabolous, released as the first single from his debut extended play There Is No Competition 2: The Grieving Music EP (2010). Recorded at Tainted Blue Studio, NYC, the song was co-produced by American musicians Ryan Leslie and Kid Cudi. The song was released to radio on November 23, 2010. The song contains a sample of “Synthetic Substitution” as performed by Melvin Bliss and written by Herb Rooney.
Music video
The music video was filmed in November 21, 2010; directed by Aristotle (By Any Means LLC). Model Amber Rose makes an appearance in the video as well as Ryan Leslie. The video was shot in black-and-white. The video shows with a gunshot view of a woman surrounding two black men.
Remix
The song was officially remixed, titled "Look at Her (Killin 'Em Pt. 2)". The remix features a new verse from Fabolous, as well as new vocals from American singers Ne-Yo and Ryan Leslie, the latter of whom also contributed new production to the song. The remix is listed as the fourteenth and final track of Fabolous's fifth mixtape The S.O.U.L. Tape (2011).
In other media
The song was featured prominently in the 2020 film The King of Staten Island.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2010 singles
2010 songs
Fabolous songs
Def Jam Recordings singles
Song recordings produced by Ryan Leslie
Songs written by Ryan Leslie
Songs written by Fabolous
Songs written by Kid Cudi
Song recordings produced by Kid Cudi
Peritropha oligodrachma is a species of moth of the family Oecophoridae. It is found in most of Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
The larvae live in a tunnel on the underside of a leaf of its food plant. It feeds on the leaves of various Eucalyptus species.
References
Hypertrophinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1954
John Francis "Jack" Davies (July 14, 1928 – January 19, 2009), was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Edmonton Mercurys. He won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway. John Davies, along with The Mercurys, were inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 2002.
External links
bio
1928 births
2009 deaths
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Bosnia and Herzegovina competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Delegation
The country sent a team of 14 athletes, both 13 men and 1 women, along with 4 officials to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. They competed in two sports, sitting volleyball and athletics.
Medalists
Athletics
Men
Field events
Women
Field events
Sitting volleyball
Bosnia and Herzegovina men's national sitting volleyball team qualified for the 2016 Games at the 2014 World Championships.
Men
Group B
Semi-finals
Gold medal game
See also
Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Bosnia and Herzegovina national sitting volleyball team
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Bosnia and Herzegovina sport
Kacper Miłaszewski (sometimes written as "Kasper"), nom-de-guerre Lewald (born 5 February 1911 in Bryniczew, died 21 May 1969 in Wrocław) was a Polish soldier, member of the Polish anti-Nazi resistance organization, the Home Army, leader of a partisan unit in Naliboki forest and the Stołpce region. He was one of the commanders in the so-called Iwieniec Uprising (June 19, 1943).
In December 1943 he was imprisoned by Soviet Partisans after being invited by them for "friendly talks". He was held at Lubianka Prison, then in the Soviet gulag. He returned to Poland in 1948. He was a recipient of the order of Virtuti Militari.
References
1911 births
1969 deaths
Polish soldiers
Laizure Glacier () is a broad glacier that enters the sea immediately west of Drake Head, Oates Coast, Antarctica. The glacier was roughly plotted by Australia from U.S. Navy Operation Highjump photography, 1946–47, and from photographs and other data obtained by Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions, 1959–62. It was mapped in detail by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy photography, 1960–64, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant David H. Laizure, U.S. Navy, a navigator on LC-130 aircraft during Operation Deep Freeze 1968.
References
Glaciers of Oates Land
Freddy Lussick (born 28 August 2000) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League.
He previously played for the Sydney Roosters and the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League.
Background
Freddy is the youngest brother of professional rugby league players, Darcy Lussick and Joey Lussick.
Before making his first grade debut for the Sydney Roosters, Lussick played in the NSW Cup for North Sydney.
Career
2020
Lussick made his first grade debut in round 15 of the 2020 NRL season for the Sydney Roosters against the Wests Tigers.
2021
Lussick made his debut for St. George Illawarra Dragons in Round 24 for a loan deal replacing Andrew McCullough. He did 2 offloads and thirty one tackles for St. George Illawarra. He ran a total of 57 meters. Lussick only got 32 Fantasy Points in NRL Fantasy. Lussick lost both of his games in Round 24 and 25.
2022
Lussick made a total of 11 appearances for the New Zealand Warriors in the 2022 NRL season as they finished 15th on the table.
References
2000 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
New Zealand Warriors players
North Sydney Bears NSW Cup players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Sydney
Sydney Roosters players
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
Madagascar competed in the Summer Olympic Games for the first time at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1964 Summer Olympics
1964
Olympics
Çekirdeksiz is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Narayan Desai (24 December 1924 – 15 March 2015) was an Indian Gandhian and author.
Early life
The son of Mahatma Gandhi's personal secretary and biographer Mahadev Desai, he was born in Bulsar (now Valsad), Gujarat on 24 December 1924. Brought up in Gandhi's Ashram in Sabarmati, Ahmedabad and Sevagram near Wardha, Narayan stopped attending school to be educated and trained by his father and other residents of the Ashram. He specialized in basic education, spinning and weaving khadi.
Initial years
After his marriage to Uttara Chaudhury, daughter of freedom fighter parents, Nabakrushna Chaudhury and Malatidevi Chaudhury, the young couple moved to Vedchhi, a tribal village 60 km from Surat in Gujarat, to work as teachers in a Nai Taleem school. Following the Bhoodan movement launched by Vinoba Bhave, Narayan traversed through the length and breadth of Gujarat, by foot, collecting land from the rich and distributing the same among the poor landless villagers. He started the mouthpiece of Bhoodan movement, titled Bhoomiputra (Son of the Soil) and remained its editor till 1959.
Practising Gandhian philosophy
Narayan joined the Akhil Bharatiya Shanti Sena Mandal (Indian Peace Brigade), founded by Vinoba and headed by veteran socialist leader Jayaprakash Narayan (widely known as "JP"). As the general secretary of the Shanti Sena, Narayan recruited and trained peace volunteers throughout the country who intervened during ethnic conflicts and helped establish harmony among conflicting communities.
Narayan was involved in the setting up of Peace Brigades International and was elected as the chairman of the War Resisters' International. He along with a Pakistani peace group were awarded the UNESCO prize for International Peace.
Narayan was active in the campaign against the imposition of emergency in India and brought out a magazine defying the censorship laws. As a close associate of JP, Narayan played an important role in helping the newly formed Janata Party, a conglomeration of major non-Congress political parties in India, arrive at a consensus on the name of Morarji Desai as the Prime Minister.
Following JP's death, Narayan moved to Vedchhi and set up the Sampoorna Kranti Vidyalaya (Institute for Total Revolution). The Institute imparts training in non-violence and Gandhian way of life. Narayan, as a way of paying tribute to his father, Mahadev Desai, wrote a four-volume biography of Gandhi in Gujarati, a dream his father could not fulfil in his lifetime because of his sudden death in prison on 15 August 1942.
He recited 'Gandhi-Katha'(narratives on the life of Mahatma Gandhi) across the world starting 2004. The biography was written in four volumes containing 2000 pages. After completing Gandhi's biography he thought that very few people would buy this book due to its volume and high price. He thought of a novel idea for spreading Gandhi's message. He started Gandhi Katha. Like Ramayan and Bhagwat katha he started Gandhi Katha. For seven days X 3 hours he narrated the life and thought of Gandhi. He also sang songs written and composed by him during katha. His katha depended on audience. To some he would tell about Gandhi's political activities and to the executives he would tell about the leadership and management skill of Gandhi. This katha telling disperse many wrong perceptions about Mahatma prevailing in the minds of public. He also narrated many unpublished and unknown incidents of the life of Gandhi. This katha was very popular in India and overseas. He took this venture of Katha telling at the age of 81. He served as Chancellor of Gujarat Vidyapith since 23 July 2007, but resigned from the post in November 2014.
Death
He slipped into coma on 10 December 2014 but later recovered and spun charkha. He had difficulties in daily activities and was on liquid diet. He died on 15 March 2015 at Mahavir Trauma Centre, Surat. He was cremated at Sampoorna Kranti Vidyalaya (Institute for Total Revolution) at Vedchhi on the same day.
Awards
Narayan was accorded the Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 1993 for the biography of his father Mahadev Desai he wrote as part of the centenary celebrations of Gandhi's close aide. Earlier, Narayan's book about his childhood reminiscences of Gandhi too had won the Sahitya Academy Award.
He was awarded the Jamnalal Bajaj Award in 1999 and the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize for the Promotion of Tolerance and Non-Violence in 1998 "for his tireless work in favour of the promotion ofinter-religious and inter-ethnic understanding, tolerance and harmony and his achievements in the education and training for non-violence and peace, as well as anti-nuclear activism."
He also received Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak, the highest award of Gujarati literature, in 2001. He was also awarded Narmad Suvarna Chandrak in 1989 for his Gujarati work Agnikundma Ugelu Gulab.
Desai won the 18th Moortidevi Award for the year 2004, given by Bharatiya Jnanpith, for his famous work ‘Maroon Jeewan Aj Mari Vaani', which is based upon the life, philosophy and work of Mahatma Gandhi.
He was awarded the Dhirubhai Thakar Savyasachi Saraswat Award in 2013.
References
1924 births
2015 deaths
People from Valsad district
Gujarati people
Indian anti-war activists
Indian pacifists
Writers from Gujarat
Nonviolence advocates
Hindu pacifists
Gandhians
Indian independence activists from Gujarat
20th-century Indian biographers
Recipients of the Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Gujarati
Recipients of the Moortidevi Award
Nassarius stolatus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
Description
The length of the shell varies from 15 mm to 30 mm.
The ovate, conical shell is pointed at the summit . The pyramidal spire is formed of six or seven distinct, smooth, convex whorls. These are covered with very prominent, convex, longitudinal folds, intersected only at the base, and upon the two or three upper whorls, by a few pretty deep transverse striae. Upon these whorls the striae become finer and more approximate. They rarely exist upon the whole surface. In like manner the longitudinal folds do not appear upon the right portion of the body whorl. The color is of a violaceous white. A dark red zone borders the suture, and a broader and browner band surrounds also the middle of the body whorl.
Distribution
This marine species occurs off India, Sri Lanka, Indonesia and Thailand; in the Mediterranean Sea as an introduced species.
References
Gofas, S.; Le Renard, J.; Bouchet, P. (2001). Mollusca, in: Costello, M.J. et al. (Ed.) (2001). European register of marine species: a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification. Collection Patrimoines Naturels, 50: pp. 180–213
External links
Gmelin J.F. (1791). Vermes. In: Gmelin J.F. (Ed.) Caroli a Linnaei Systema Naturae per Regna Tria Naturae, Ed. 13. Tome 1(6). G.E. Beer, Lipsiae
Röding, P.F. (1798). Museum Boltenianum sive Catalogus cimeliorum e tribus regnis naturæ quæ olim collegerat Joa. Fried Bolten, M. D. p. d. per XL. annos proto physicus Hamburgensis. Pars secunda continens Conchylia sive Testacea univalvia, bivalvia & multivalvia. Trapp, Hamburg. viii, 199 pp
Mörch, O. A. L. (1852-1853). Catalogus conchyliorum quae reliquit D. Alphonso d'Aguirra & Gadea Comes de Yoldi, Regis Daniae Cubiculariorum Princeps, Ordinis Dannebrogici in Prima Classe & Ordinis Caroli Tertii Eques. Fasc. 1, Cephalophora, 170 pp. (1852); Fasc. 2, Acephala, Annulata, Cirripedia, Echinodermata, 74 (+2) pp. (1853). Hafniae
Katsanevakis, S.; Bogucarskis, K.; Gatto, F.; Vandekerkhove, J.; Deriu, I.; Cardoso A.S. (2012). Building the European Alien Species Information Network (EASIN): a novel approach for the exploration of distributed alien species data. BioInvasions Records. 1: 235-245
Cernohorsky W. O. (1984). Systematics of the family Nassariidae (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Bulletin of the Auckland Institute and Museum 14: 1–356
Zenetos, A.; Gofas, S.; Verlaque, M.; Cinar, M.; Garcia Raso, J.; Bianchi, C.; Morri, C.; Azzurro, E.; Bilecenoglu, M.; Froglia, C.; Siokou, I.; Violanti, D.; Sfriso, A.; San Martin, G.; Giangrande, A.; Katagan, T.; Ballesteros, E.; Ramos-Espla, A.; Mastrototaro, F.; Ocana, O.; Zingone, A.; Gambi, M.; Streftaris, N. (2010). Alien species in the Mediterranean Sea by 2010. A contribution to the application of European Union's Marine Strategy Framework Directive (MSFD). Part I. Spatial distribution. Mediterranean Marine Science. 11(2): 381-493
Zenetos, A.; Meriç, E.; Verlaque, M.; Galli, P.; Boudouresque, C.-F.; Giangrande, A.; Cinar, M.; Bilecenoglu, M. (2008). Additions to the annotated list of marine alien biota in the Mediterranean with special emphasis on Foraminifera and Parasites. Mediterranean Marine Science. 9(1): 119-165
Nassariidae
Gastropods described in 1791
The Sahel region of Africa has long experienced a series of historic droughts, dating back to at least the 17th century. The Sahel region is a climate zone sandwiched between the Sudanian Savanna to the south and the Sahara desert to the north, across West and Central Africa. While the frequency of drought in the region is thought to have increased from the end of the 19th century, three long droughts have had dramatic environmental and societal effects upon the Sahel nations. Famine followed severe droughts in the 1910s, the 1940s, and the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, although a partial recovery occurred from 1975-80. The most recent drought occurred in 2012.
While at least one particularly severe drought has been confirmed each century since the 17th century, the frequency and severity of recent Sahelian droughts stands out. Famine and dislocation on a massive scale—from 1968 to 1974 and again in the early and mid-1980s—was blamed on two spikes in the severity of the 1960-1980s drought period. From the late 1960s to early 1980s famine killed 100,000 people, left 750,000 dependent on food aid, and affected most of the Sahel's 50 million people. The economies, agriculture, livestock and human populations of much of Mauritania, Mali, Chad, Niger and Burkina Faso (known as Upper Volta during the time of the drought) were severely impacted. As disruptive as the droughts of the late 20th century were, evidence of past droughts recorded in Ghanaian lake sediments suggest that multi-decadal megadroughts were common in West Africa over the past 3,000 years and that several droughts lasted far longer and were far more severe.
Since the 1980s, summer rainfall in the Sahel has been increasing; this has been associated with an increase in vegetation, forming what has been called a 'greening' of the Sahel. The observed increase in rainfall is accounted for by enhancements in the African easterly jet, which is known to induce wet anomalies. A 2011 study found that the positional shifts in the African easterly jet and African easterly waves accompanied the northward migration of the Sahel rainband.
History
Because the Sahel's rainfall is heavily concentrated in a very small period of the year, the region has been prone to dislocation when droughts have occurred ever since agriculture developed around 5,000 years ago. The Sahel is marked by rainfalls of less than a year, almost all of which occurs in one continuous season, which can run from several weeks to four months.
Despite this vulnerability, the history of drought and famine in the Sahel do not perfectly correlate. While modern scientific climate and rainfall studies have been able to identify trends and even specific periods of drought in the region, oral and written records over the last millennium do not record famine in all places at all times of drought. One 1997 study, in attempting to map long scale rainfall records to historical accounts of famine in Northern Nigeria, concluded that “the most disruptive historical famines occurred when the cumulative deficit of rainfall fell below 1.3 times the standard deviation of long-term mean annual rainfall for a particular place.” The 1982 to 1984 period, for instance, was particularly destructive to the pastoral Fula people of Senegal, Mali and Niger, and the Tuareg of northern Mali and Niger. The populations had not only suffered in the 1968 to 1974 period, but the inability of many to rebuild herds destroyed a decade earlier, along with factors as various as the shift of political power to settled populations with independence in the 1960s, Senegalese-Mauritanian border relations, and Niger's dependence upon falling world uranium prices coinciding in a destructive famine.
600–700 AD
Surviving contemporary records of climate in the Sahel begin with early Muslim travellers in the early Medieval Warm Period. These suggest that Sahel rainfall was relatively low in the 7th and 8th centuries and then increased substantially from about 800 AD. There was a decline in rainfall from about 1300 AD, but an increase again around 200 years later.
"Little Ice Age" droughts
According to a study of West African drought based on Ghanaian lake sediments (not eyewitness historical accounts) published in the journal Science in April 2009:
The most recent of these [multicentury droughts] occurred between 1400 and 1750 CE (550 to 200 yr B.P.), similar in timing to the Little Ice Age (LIA, 1400 to 1850 CE), a well-known interval when Northern Hemisphere temperatures were cooler than at present. In contrast with earlier studies, which reconstructed wetter conditions in East Africa during this period, evidence from Lake Bosumtwi supports more recent studies suggesting that this interval was dry. Evidence for LIA drought is not restricted to Africa, however. Records from throughout the tropics, including the western Pacific warm pool, the Arabian Sea, continental Asia, and tropical South America all show evidence for dry conditions during this time period.
1640
The first major historically recorded drought in the Sahel occurred around 1640. Based on the reports of European travellers, a major drought after generally wet conditions also took place during the 1680s.
1740s and 1750s
Cycles of several wet decades followed by a drought were to be repeated during the 18th century. Sahelian drought again killed hundreds of thousands of people in the 1740s and 1750s. The 1740s and 1750s was recorded in chronicles of what is today Northern Nigeria, Niger and Mali as the "Great Famine", the worst for at least 200 years prior. It caused massive dislocation of the Sahelian states of the time, but also disrupted the Trans Saharan trade routes to North Africa and Europe.
1830s
Around 1790 dry conditions similar to those of the late 20th century set in and continued until around 1870. After that, a very wet period set in for around 25 years, followed by a return to drier conditions. While the drying begun around 1895 and caused its first large famine only in the early 20th century, the 1820s and 1830s saw a 12 to 15-year drought and regional instances of major famine from Senegal to Chad. Historical records suggest this drought caused a large-scale emigration from the Bornu Empire, contributing to its rapid decline in the 19th century. In what is now northern Senegal, the Imamate of Futa Toro was struck by a famine caused by the failure of 1833's rainy season, leading to waves of famine until 1837.
Early 20th century droughts
The first rain gauges in the Sahel date from 1898 and they reveal that a major drought in the 1910s, accompanied by large-scale famine, was followed by wet conditions during the 1920s and 1930s, reaching a peak with the very wet year of 1936. The 1940s saw several minor droughts — notably in 1949 — but the 1950s were consistently wet, and expansion of agriculture to feed growing populations characterised this decade. Many have thought this contributed to the severity of the subsequent Sahel droughts.
Late 20th century droughts
Burkina Faso, northern Nigeria, southern Niger, far northern Cameroon (near Lake Chad) and central Chad all struggled with dwindling rain fall from the 1960s.
On May 12 and 26, both Mauritania, the Sénégal River Area and neighbouring parts of both Senegal and Mali faced both a drought and famine.
A literature review from the African Journal of Ecology summarized the environmental changes that species faced after the late 20th century droughts, some of which includes (but is not limited to) severe declines in biodiversity and increases in other disturbances, such as fires.
21st century droughts
2010 Sahel drought
Throughout June to August 2010, famine struck the Sahel. Niger's crops failed to mature in the heat which resulted in famine. 350,000 faced starvation and 1,200,000 were at risk of famine. In Chad, the temperature reached on June 22 in Faya-Largeau, breaking a record set in 1961 at the same location. Niger tied its highest temperature record set in 1998, on also June 22, at in Bilma. That record was broken the next day, on June 23 when Bilma hit . The hottest temperature recorded in Sudan was reached on June 25, at in Dongola, breaking a record set in 1987. Niger reported diarrhoea, starvation, gastroenteritis, malnutrition and respiratory diseases killed and sickened many children July 14. The new military junta appealed for international food aid and has taken serious steps to calling overseas help since coming to office in February 2010. On July 26 the heat reached near-record levels over Chad and Niger.
2012 Sahel drought
By the middle of 2010, another drought in the western Sahel was predicted by several organisations for 2011 and 2012.
Potential contributing factors
Originally it was believed that the drought in the Sahel primarily was caused by humans over-using natural resources in the region through overgrazing, deforestation and poor land management. In the late 1990s, climate model studies suggested that large scale climate changes were also triggers for the drought.
Based on Senegal river cycles, precipitation cycles of various El Sahel stations which are related to Solar (89–120 years) Wolf-Gleissberg cycles, and on relations to Nile floods and Equatorial lake levels, Yousef and Ghilly in 2000 anticipated that there is a considerable probability that drought will occur El Sahel Zone in 2005±4 years. This forecast was correct as drought occurred in El Niger in 2005 and again in 2010.
In 2002, after the phenomenon of global dimming was discovered, a CSIRO study suggested that the drought was probably caused by air pollution generated in Eurasia and North America, which changed the properties of clouds over the Atlantic Ocean, disturbing the monsoons and shifting the tropical rains southwards.
In 2005, a series of climate modeling studies performed at NOAA / Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory indicated that the late 20th century Sahel drought was probably a climatic response to changing sea surface temperature patterns, and that it could be viewed as a combination of natural variability superimposed upon an anthropogenically forced regional drying trend. Using GFDL CM2.X, these climate model simulations indicated that the general late 20th century Sahel drying trend was attributable to human-induced factors; largely due to an increase in greenhouse gases and partly due to an increase in atmospheric aerosols. A study published in 2013, done at the University of Washington, suggests that atmospheric aerosols caused a downward shift in the Intertropical Convergence Zone. The shift, the study says, left normally rainy areas in Central Africa much drier. In IPCC future scenario A2 (CO2 value of ≈860 ppm) Sahel rainfall could be reduced by up to 25% by year 2100, according to climate models.
A 2006 study by NOAA scientists suggests that the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation plays a leading role. An AMO warm phase strengthens the summer rainfall over Sahel, while a cold phase reduces it. The AMO entered a warm phase in 1995 and, assuming a 70-year cycle (following peaks in ≈1880 and ≈1950), will peak around 2020. A 2009 study found further evidence for a link between the AMO and West African drought. Later, a 2013 study found that the East Atlantic (EA) mode also modulates Sahel summer rainfall and further indicated that operational climate forecasting was unable to capture this EA impact on the Sahel.
The recovery of Sahel drought since the 1990s, coined "Sahel Greening" by media, is accounted for by enhancements in both the tropical easterly jet and the African easterly jet, both of which are known to induce wet anomalies. Moreover, positional shifts in the African easterly jet and African easterly waves (AEWs) accompanied the northward migration of the Sahel rainband. Change in the African easterly jet and AEWs are coupled to a northward shift and amplification of convective activity.
United Nations response
In 1973, The United Nations Sahelian Office (UNSO) was created to address the problems of drought in the Sahel region following the West African Sahel drought of 1968-73. In the 1990s, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) was adopted and UNSO became the United Nations Development Programme's Office to Combat Desertification and Drought, as its scope broadened to be global rather than only focused on Africa.
See also
2005–06 Niger food crisis
2011 East Africa drought
Desertification
Yacouba Sawadogo
Green Sahara
2010 Sahel famine
Great Green Wall (Africa)
References
Further reading
.
External links
United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification home page
Climate research summary -Sahel drought: past problems, an uncertain future Text, graphics and animations from NOAA / Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory
Droughts in Africa
Economy of Africa
History of Africa
History of Chad
Kargalı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The Tokamak Physics Experiment (TPX) was a plasma physics experiment that was designed but not built. It was designed by an inter-organizational team in the USA led by Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory. The experiment was designed to test theories about how Tokamaks would behave in a high-performance, steady-state regime.
Goals
TPX was to be the successor to the Tokamak Fusion Test Reactor (TFTR). While TFTR was designed to achieve Q>1 (more fusion power produced by the plasma than injected into the plasma), TFTR only operated for short pulses, and did not provide data from and experience with plasmas behave like those of an economic Fusion power reactor. Specifically, TPX was designed to fill this need.
TPX was designed to test theories which suggested ways of making a future fusion power reactor compact, economic, and reliable. Specifically, TPX was designed to be near steady state, with pulse lengths of 1,000 seconds (more than 15 minutes). It was designed to operate at high Bootstrap current, meaning that less power would have to be expended driving toroidal current. It was designed to operate at high values of Beta, meaning that it would be able to store more plasma pressure for a given magnetic field. It was designed to operate with a high level of confinement, meaning that less auxiliary heating would be required.
History
After the cancellation of the Compact Ignition Tokamak in 1991, the United States Department of Energy directed the US fusion program to find ways to improve the tokamak. In 1993, a conceptual design review was held for TPX in 1993, finalizing the conceptual design. The design team was managed by Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory and included members from other US institutions. The program was canceled in 1995, as the proposed cost was too high. The proposed cost was $539 Million in 1993 dollars.
Legacy
The KSTAR tokamak built South Korea is based on the TPX design. KSTAR uses Hydrogen, not Deuterium as TPX was designed to, so neutron activation of components is not as large a problem. Because of this, the titanium vacuum vessel of the TPX design was replaced with a stainless steel vessel in KSTAR, and the remote maintenance system was removed from the design.
Description
Because TPX was designed to be steady-state (or at least long-pulse, with 1,000 seconds duration), the electromagnetic coils which provide the magnetic field were to be superconducting. They were to be made of Niobium–tin superconducting cables. The toroidal magnetic field strength at the center of the plasma was to be 4.0 Tesla.
TPX was designed to have its toroidal electric current be 100% non-inductively driven. Because of this, it was to have three current drive systems: An 8 MW neutral beam injector system, an 8 MW ion cyclotron resonance system, and a 1.5 MW lower hybrid wave system. The toroidal current carried by the plasma was to be up to 2.0 MA.
Because TPX was designed to test at least six different high-performance scenarios, its poloidal field coils and current drive systems were designed for flexibility. Some examples of possible scenarios are: one inspired by the ARIES-I reactor design which had an aggressive Beta, one inspired by the Tokamak Fusion Test Reactor Supershot regime, and one with a profile which produced an internal transport barrier for enhanced confinement.
References
Tokamaks
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in West Virginia refers to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and its members in West Virginia. The official church membership as a percentage of general population was 0.92% in 2014. According to the 2014 Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life survey, roughly 2% of West Virginians self-identify themselves most closely with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The LDS Church is the 9th largest denomination in West Virginia.
History
Joseph Smith visited West Virginia in 1832 and that same year, two missionaries for the Church baptized 40 converts in the state.
In 1884, a congregation of 26 people was organized in the area.
On August 23, 1970, the first stake in West Virginia was organized in Charleston.
Stakes
As of February 2022:
Stakes based in West Virginia
Charleston West Virginia Stake
Clarksburg West Virginia Stake
Huntington West Virginia Stake
Martinsburg West Virginia Stake
Other stakes with congregations in West Virginia
Buena Vista Virginia Stake
Pembroke Virginia Stake
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania West Stake
Waynesboro Virginia Stake
Winchester Virginia Stake
Mission
West Virginia Charleston Mission
Temples
West Virginia is divided among the Washington D.C. Temple, Louisville Kentucky Temple, and Columbus Ohio Temple districts.
See also
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints membership statistics (United States)
Religion in West Virginia
References
External links
Newsroom (West Virginia)
ComeUntoChrist.org Latter-day Saints Visitor site
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Official site
Christianity in West Virginia
Latter Day Saint movement in West Virginia
West Virginia
Marocella is a conical shelly fossil of uncertain affinity (probably a mollusc) known from Cambrian strata of Europe, Morocco, Australia and Antarctica.
Morphology
Limpet-like Marocella is a low conical shell with concentric ridges that grew to a couple of centimetres in length.
Affinity
Marocella is thought to be a mollusc, although its position within this phylum is undetermined. Relationship to the halkieriids has also been considered.
Ecology
Some specimens show evidence of repairing damage caused by predators. It probably moved around on the sea floor. It was geographically widespread.
Distribution
Fossils of Marocella have been found in:
Shackleton Limestone, Antarctica
Mernmerna Formation and Parara Limestone, Australia
Jbel Wawrmast Formation, Morocco
Sparagmite Formation, Norway
Láncara Formation, Spain
References
Cambrian animals
Prehistoric mollusc genera
Protostome enigmatic taxa
Fossils of Antarctica
Fossils of Australia
Cambrian animals of Africa
Fossils of Morocco
Cambrian animals of Europe
Cambrian Norway
Fossils of Norway
Fossils of Spain
Fossil taxa described in 1986
Cambrian genus extinctions
A mohawk is a figure skating turn that involves a change of skating foot but not a change of edge. It is a turn from one foot to the other, from forward to backwards (or backwards to forwards) in which the entry and exit curves are continuous and of equal depth (e.g. where each edge forms part of the same curve).
In Canada this turn is called a C turn. This was changed by On October 28, 2020 by Skate Canada, the governing body of figure skating in Canada. In the announcement they stated that this is done to “improve equity, diversity and inclusion”. They also said that this “works towards decolonizing their language”.
Several variations are listed, Open and Closed. These relate to where the free foot is placed in relation to the skating foot on entering the turn, before weight is transferred. A swing Mohawk is another variation that is used in ice dance. It can be either open or closed. The free leg swings closely past the skating leg before returning to the skating foot to execute the turn.
A common mohawk turn is the forward inside open mohawk. In this turn, the skater faces into the circle and the free foot is brought to the instep of the skating foot at an angle of 90° or more, before being placed on the ice on a backward inside edge during the transfer of weight. This leaves the former skating foot (and new free foot) in front of the new skating foot after the turn. Along with the 3 turn, this is one of the most common ways for skaters to change direction while skating, and is one of the first turns learned by beginning skaters.
In a closed mohawk, the transfer of weight happens with the free foot being placed behind the skating foot rather than at the instep, so that after the turn the new free foot is carried behind rather than in front.
Outside mohawks are similar, except that the skater faces outside of the circle. Again, there are both open and closed variants.
Mohawk turns are essentially executed with crossed feet, and this is reflected in the tracings. In a good mohawk turn, the weight transfer is executed smoothly, without jerking of the hips or upper body. It is somewhat easier to accomplish this if the skater has open hip joints and can turn out the free foot at a greater angle before placing it on the ice, but lack of flexibility can be compensated for with careful timing.
The corresponding turns from backward to forward do not involve crossed feet and are usually considered simple steps rather than mohawks.
References
Figure skating elements
Francisco Javier Santamaría (September 10, 1886 in Cacaos in Jalapa Municipality, Tabasco – March 1, 1963 in Veracruz, Veracruz) was an influential Mexican writer and politician who is best remembered for his contributions to the study of Mexican literature and lexicography; he variously worked or published as a bibliographer, essayist, geographer, journalist, judge, lawyer, lexicographer, linguist, naturalist, pedagogue, philologist, and poet. He also served as a Senator of the Republic and as Governor of the State of Tabasco.
Life and work
Francisco Javier Santamaría was born in 1886 in the ranchería of Cacaos, to a criollo family of modest means. He began his schooling in Macuspana and completed his studies in Villahermosa (then called San Juan Bautista) at the Instituto Juárez, where he graduated with a teaching degree. He subsequently moved to Mexico City to study law, obtaining his license in 1912.
Beginning at a young age Santamaría demonstrated a talent for composition and an appreciation for the belles-lettres which would eventually evolve into a prolific career as a writer, lexicographer and linguist; his two most often cited works are the Diccionario General de Americanismos and the Diccionario de Mejicanismos, the second of which is a continuation and completion of Joaquín García Icazbalceta's original project.
At the start of his political career Santamaría was an outspoken critic of Plutarco Elías Calles and the Partido Labortista over which he presided. He was also a close friend and political associate of General Francisco R. Serrano (an inveterate enemy of Calles's), and supported the latter's presidential campaign for the 1925-1928 term, an enterprise which would ultimately end in the murderous defeat of Serrano and his closest associates. Santamaría would be the only one on Elías Calles's hit list to not fall the night of October 2, 1927, an event known as the "Huitzilac Massacre," which resulted in the summary executions of Serrano and twenty six other generals, and which President Álvaro Obregón ordered out of fear of military rebellion. His escape and survival would, however, result in years of exile and poverty in the U.S., an account of which he gives in Crónicas del destierro: Desde la ciudad de hierro (Chronicles of Exile: From the Iron City).
After returning to Mexico Santamaría re-entered politics by joining the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI); eventually going on to serve as a Senator of the Republic for Tabasco from 1940 to 1946. Immediately after the conclusion of his term he was selected by the party as its candidate for the governorship of Tabasco, competed against three opponents and won handily, reportedly receiving 95% of the votes. As governor he worked to improve his state's educational system and general level of cultural and technological development, while continuing to write books and essays on a variety of subjects.
Francisco Javier Santamaría was a numerary member of the Academia Mexicana de la Lengua and held seat 23.
Published works
(list not comprehensive)
El artículo 91. 1912
El periodismo tabasqueño. 1920
Americanismos y barbarismos. 1921
Ley orgánica de los tribunales del fuero común en el Distrito y territorios federales, con un apéndice que contiene la Ley de jurados, la Ley de licencias a funcionarios públicos y otras disposiciones. 1923
Un valioso hallazgo bibliográfico cervantino: la segunda parte de la edición más discutible de "El quijote". 1926Glosa lexicográfica. 1926Bibliografia general de Tabasco: Tomo I. 1930Crónicas del destierro: Desde la ciudad de hierro. Diario de un desterrado mejicano en Nueva York. Recordaciones del destierro. 1933Nuevo codigo civil para el distrito y territorios federales. 1933Las ruinas occidentales del viejo imperio Maya: en la Sierra del Tortuguero en Macuspana, Tabasco: notas de una excursión. 1933Código de procedimientos civiles para el Distrito Federal y territorios: expedido el 30 de agosto de 1932. 1934Código civil para el Distrito y territorios federales (vigente desde el 1. de octubre de 1932). 1935Diccionario del Código civil para el Distrito y territorios federales. 1935Código civil para el Distrito y territorios federales: expedido en 30 de agosto de 1928 ; exposición de motivos, de la Comisión autora del Proyecto. 1935Ley orgánica del poder judicial de la federación. 1936Datos, materiales i apuntes para la historia del periodismo en Tabasco (1825–1935). 1936Ensayo de crítica del lenguaje. 1941Diccionario General de Americanismos1942El movimiento cultural en Tabasco. 1946El verdadero Grijalva : identificación i rectificación históricas-jeográficas, Centla, Potonchán, Santa María de la Victoria 1949La poesía tabasqueña : antología, semblanzas literarias 1950Documentos históricos de Tabasco. 1950-1951Antología folklórica y musical de Tabasco 1952Diccionario de mejicanismos: razonado; comprobado con citas de autoridades; comparado con el de americanismos y con los vocabularios provinciales de los más distinguidos diccionaristas hispanamericanos. 1959Domingos académicos. 1959
See also
Diccionario de la lengua española de la Real Academia Española
Joaquín Amaro
Marcos E. Becerra
Andrés Bello
Miguel Antonio Caro
Rufino José Cuervo
Rosario María Gutiérrez Eskildsen
María Moliner
Ramón Menéndez Pidal
Meshico
Notes
Bibliography
(English) Camp, Roderic Ai, Mexican political biographies, 1935-1993. The Hague: Mouton, 1993.
(English) Malkiel, Yakov, Linguistics and philology in Spanish America. A survey (1925-1970)''. Austin: University of Texas Press, 1995,
External links
Santamaría in the Tartlton Law Library {en}
Congreso de Tabasco honors Santamaría {es}
Portraits of former governors of Tabasco {es}
Anniversary Diario de la tarde article on Santamaría {es}
Mexican ethnographers
Historians of Mexico
Governors of Tabasco
Writers from Tabasco
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
20th-century Mexican historians
20th-century Mexican journalists
Male journalists
Mexican judges
20th-century Mexican lawyers
Mexican legal writers
Linguists from Mexico
Members of the Senate of the Republic (Mexico)
Members of the Mexican Academy of Language
Mexican lexicographers
Philologists
1886 births
1963 deaths
Laborist Party (Mexico) politicians
20th-century male writers
20th-century linguists
20th-century lexicographers
20th-century Mexican politicians
Politicians from Tabasco
Stadion Prljanije is a football stadium in Andrijevica, Montenegro. Situated in the valley of Lim river, it is used for football matches. It is the home ground of FK Komovi.
History
In the early history, FK Komovi played their home games in Zlorječica stadium. In 1975, following the team's progress in the Fourth League competition, a new stadium was built at location Prljanije. The stadium was renovated at 2018, when the new stand is built, with a capacity of 650 seats.
Pitch and conditions
The pitch measures 110 x 70 meters. Stadium meets criteria only for Montenegrin Third League games, not for highest-rank competitions.
See also
FK Komovi
Andrijevica
References
External links
Stadium information
Football venues in Montenegro
Football in Montenegro
Andrijevica Municipality
The 2006 Swale Borough Council election took place on 4 May 2006 to elect members of Swale Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative Party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was:
Conservative 28
Labour 10
Liberal Democrats 8
Kent Campaign Against Increasing Council Tax 1
Election result
The Conservatives gained three seats after winning 11 of the 16 seats contested. They took two seats from the Liberal Democrats in Grove and Minster Cliffs wards, while also defeating a Labour councillor in Queenborough and Halfway by 17 votes. This took the Conservatives to 28 seats on the council, compared to 10 for Labour and 8 for the Liberal Democrats.
The Kent Campaign Against Increasing Council Tax failed to win any seats after standing in 9 of the 16 wards contested, coming closest in Sheppey Central where they finished second with 540 votes, compared to 636 for the Conservative councillor John Morris. This meant the former Conservative councillor Chris Boden remained the only councillor for the Kent Campaign Against Increasing Council Tax after the election.
Ward results
References
2006
2006 English local elections
2000s in Kent
The Drogheda Stadium (tentative name) was a proposed football stadium which was projected to be built in Drogheda, County Louth, Republic of Ireland. It was intended to replace United Park as the home stadium of Drogheda United F.C. The project had a proposed opening date of 2010, however planning was not secured. Plans were resurrected in 2012 and an agreement for a new stadium was concluded, between the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) and Louth County Council, in 2018.
Original plan
Plans for a new stadium for Drogheda United came about in 2008 after they qualified for the UEFA Champions League. In 2009, they made plans for a new €35 million, 10,000 capacity stadia in Bryanstown, County Meath. Meath County Council approved the plans. However, due to controversy over the plans as they were on an area set-aside from redevelopment, the Irish government's Department of the Environment investigated the county for their decision and audited their planning rules.
Later proposals
In 2012, updated proposals were made for a new Drogheda Stadium. This proposal expected a 3,500 capacity stadia that would be expandable to 8,000. United Park would be demolished and become a local care facility. The plans involved the new stadium being a community stadium with hopes it would be able to host Republic of Ireland youth internationals. In 2018, an agreement was made between the Football Association of Ireland and Louth County Council to construct a new Drogheda Stadium. Development was delayed due to the FAI struggling to find a buyer for United Park which they had priced at €2.5 million. The Government of the Republic of Ireland offered no funding for the new stadium, which Drogheda United had been hoping for as they felt they could not proceed with the project without public funds. As of late 2020, an article in Extra.ie described the plans as "[apparently] mothballing".
References
Drogheda United F.C.
Unbuilt stadiums in the Republic of Ireland
Fall is the first EP released by Jon Foreman, frontman of the San Diego rock band Switchfoot. Foreman announced on his MySpace blog that the EP was initially to be released to iTunes and online at jonforeman.com and amazon.com on November 27, 2007. It was released on iTunes and Amazon a week earlier, on the 20th and was promptly removed. It was officially released on November 27, and debuted at No. 15 on the iTunes top albums chart. It peaked at No. 2 on the Amazon Top albums chart.
Release and reception
Fall was released with the Winter EP as a physical double-disc set on January 15, 2008.
The Fall & Winter CD combo debuted on the Billboard Top Heatseeker's chart at No. 24.
The Fall & Winter compilation was nominated for a Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.
In popular culture
The sixth track from the EP, "My Love Goes Free", can be heard in the 2007 motion picture Bella.
"The Moon Is a Magnet" was considered for Switchfoot's sixth studio album, Oh! Gravity., but didn't make the final cut.
"The Cure for Pain" was played in the season finale of the popular ABC drama Grey's Anatomy.
Track listing
References
2007 debut EPs
Jon Foreman albums
Ratanpur Group () is a Bangladeshi diversified conglomerate based in Chittagong. It has mostly known for its flagship company, Ratanpur Steel Re-Rolling Mills Limited (RSRM).
History
Ratanpur Group was established in 1984 with the creation of Ratanpur Steel Re-Rolling Mills Limited (RSRM).
In August 2015, Bangladesh Bank approved the rescheduling of a 6.91 billion taka loan from Janata Bank to Ratanpur Group.
Ratanpur Group requested Bangladesh Bank to reschedule a 1.21 billion taka loan from Trust Bank Limited.
In 2018 Ratanpur Group and RSRM both defaulted on paying back their loan installments. Maksudur Rahman, Managing Director of Ratanpur Group, is also the director of South Bangla Agriculture and Commerce Bank. He said they failed to pay back the loan as the instalment amount was not "practical". The group filed a writ petition against being declared a loan defaulter with Bangladesh High Court.
Ratanpur Group had failed to pay 29 instalments but were able to secure a verdict from Bangladesh High Court that prevent them from being labeled a defaulter. It sought to reschedule their loans from Bangladesh Bank after Modern Steel Mills failed to pay back its loan. It reduced the issue price of RSRM. RSRM made 1 billion takas through issuing right shares on the Dhaka Stock Exchange.
In February 2020, Ratanpur Steel Re-rolling Mills (RSRM) saw a decline in their profits following low demand. In December 2020, The Business Standard mentioned Ratanpur Real Estate as one of a handful of companies that were illegally cutting hills in Chittagong.
On 31 March 2021, Bangladesh Power Development Board severed electric connection to two steel plants of Ratanpur Group over the non-payment of 400 million taka electricity bill.
Businesses
Ratanpur Jute Spinners Limited
Ratanpur Shipping Services Limited
Modern Steel Mills Limited
Ratanpur Real Estate Limited
Ratanpur Poultry and Agro Products Limited
M. Rahman Steel Mills Limited
Sapphire Corporation Limited
Ratanpur Steel Re-Rolling Mills Limited
Ratanpur Shipping Lines Limited
Ratanpur Ship Re-cycling Industries Limited
References
1984 establishments in Bangladesh
Conglomerate companies of Bangladesh
Organisations based in Chittagong
Amanita hemibapha, commonly known as the half-dyed slender Caesar, is a species of agaric found in southeast Asia and Oceania, although some distribution reports may refer to different taxa.
Toxicity
The variant Amanita hemibapha var. ochracea found in China has been reported to cause dizziness and nausea after eaten in large quantities. Thus, human consumption is generally not recommended. The species is also noted to be confusable with the lethally toxic Amanita subjunquillea.
See also
List of Amanita species
References
External links
hemibapha
Fungi of Asia
Edible fungi
Fungi described in 1887
Taxa named by Miles Joseph Berkeley
Taxa named by Christopher Edmund Broome
Daniel N. Baker (born 1947) is an American space scientist. He is the Distinguished Professor of Astrophysical and Planetary Science at the University of Colorado Boulder and director of the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics. He received his B.A. from the University of Iowa in 1969 and his Ph.D. from the same institution in 1974. In 2010 he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering for "leadership in studies, measurements, and predictive tools for the Earth's radiation environment and its impact on U.S. security."
See also
Space weather
Rare events
References
External links
Faculty webpage
University of Iowa alumni
People from Colorado
Living people
1947 births
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
American astrophysicists
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Mónika Sánchez (born Mónika Analia Sánchez Torre on 3 December 1974 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress.
Early life
Sánchez was born on 3 December 1974 in Mexico City. She is the daughter of Mexican writer and poet, Fernando Sánchez-Mayans and Angela Torre. Sánchez speaks Spanish, English, and Italian. She enjoys many sports, such as squash, tennis, and horseback riding. If she had not been an actress, she would have studied psychology. She studied communications at Universidad Iberoamericana in Mexico, which complemented her studies in acting and other fine arts. She studied the arts not only in Mexico, but also in the United States and Spain. In 1997 at "La casa de la Cultura de B.C." in Barcelona, Spain; Monika took singing and dancing classes. She also studied jazz and dance in the Rosita Segovia Studio in Miami, Florida.
Moreover, she started acting and modeling at the Miami Community College and The Play House. This was when she realized that her main focus would be acting, so she then enrolled in the "Taller Artistico de Sergio Jimenez" at Televisa in Mexico City. Finally, Sánchez auditioned to be part of the CEA (Centro Educativo Artístico de Televisa), and began studying acting, TV techniques, theater, literature, English, dance, singing, culture, and many other arts. She began her career by doing castings, looking for opportunities, searching for producers and meeting them, and attending events where she could meet important people that could contribute to her future career as an actress.
Career
Sánchez debuted in the 1992 telenovela Ángeles sin paraíso where she had a small participation. Then other opportunities followed: Buscando el paraíso, Corazón Salvaje, Caminos cruzados, Alondra, Lazos de Amor, Morir dos veces and Tú y yo.
Sánchez starred as an antagonist in the telenovela Pueblo chico, infierno grande. The popularity of Sánchez for viewers, grew fast; and soon she was one of the most admired female antagonist in Mexíco. The mixture of sweetness and seduction that had not been seen before in a female antagonist, made her performances special and well-liked by viewers. She continued with great success again in antagonist roles in telenovelas: El diario de Daniela and Laberintos de pasión.
In 2000, TVyNovelas Awards recognized her as the Best Female Antagonist of the Year 2000 for her excellent work. In 2001, Sánchez played in the telenovela Salomé in the role of a fragile woman who dies for love. In 2003, she played in the telenovela La Otra; and 2004, Apuesta por un amor as the main antagonist and again in "La mariposa", that gave her another nomination as Best Female Antagonist of the Year 2005 in TVyNovelas Αwards, and followed two other appearances in the telenovela Amar sin límites in 2006 and Al diablo con los guapos in 2007. Sánchez is considered a beautiful and talented actress. Her face has appeared on various covers and has made several appearances with her image, but she is now looking for a change into American movies and give boost to her career in Hollywood.
After an absence in telenovelas for 4 years, she reappeared in Amores Verdaderos, produced by Nicandro Diaz Gonzalez, in the role of Cristina Balvanera Corona de Arriaga, with Eduardo Yáñez, Erika Buenfil, Sebastian Rulli and Marjorie de Sousa. In 2013, Sanchez had a special appearance in the telenovela Libre para amarte with singer Gloria Trevi, Gabriel Soto, and Eduardo Santamarina. In 2014 she played Gisela Cienfuegos in the telenovela La gata. Later in 2016-2017 she played Viridrina Betancourt in Tres veces Ana.
Personal life
Sánchez in September 2008 she married the Venezuelan businessman Otto Seijas. They have three children: Santiago (born 2009), Angela Fernanda (born November 11, 2011) and Monika Constanza (born November 17, 2013).
Filmography
Theater
Awards and nominations
Female Revelation Theatrical Journalists Association
Revelation Youth Award 2001
Mar Cruz Olivier Award
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Mexican telenovela actresses
Mexican television actresses
Mexican stage actresses
Actresses from Mexico City
People from Mexico City
20th-century Mexican actresses
21st-century Mexican actresses
Michael Marton (born 10 January 1937) is an Israeli former sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. He ranked at 47th place in 69 participants, with a total score of 530 points.
References
1937 births
Living people
Israeli male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Israel
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Cluj-Napoca
Držilovo () is a village in the municipality of Sopište, North Macedonia.
History
During the great migration movements in Macedonia at the end of the 17th and beginning of the 18th centuries, Macedonian Muslims left the Debar area for the central regions of Macedonia and established villages such as Držilovo located in the Skopje area.
Demographics
Držilovo has traditionally been inhabited by a Macedonian Muslim (Torbeš) population. In Držilovo, the language of the household and of daily communication is Macedonian.
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 362 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Turks 242
Macedonians 115
Others 5
References
Villages in Sopište Municipality
Turkish communities in North Macedonia
Macedonian Muslim villages
Christian Pastina (born 15 February 2001) is an Italian professional football player who plays for Benevento Calcio.
Club career
Christian Pastina made his Serie A debut for Benevento Calcio on the 9 January 2021.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
People from Battipaglia
Benevento Calcio players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Sportspeople from the Province of Salerno
Footballers from Campania
Spring Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1965 () opened in the Exhibition Halls of the Leningrad Union of Soviet Artists and became one of the largest Art Exhibitions of the year in the USSR.
History and Organization
For the organization and preparation of the Exhibition, it was specially formed an Exhibition Committee consisting of 14 of the most authoritative art-experts of the epoch. The Exhibition Catalog had been published and in total, the Exhibition displayed almost 600 works of art by painters, sculptors, graphic artists, theater and cinema professionals, masters of arts and crafts. At whole the Exhibition attended over 350 artists of the Leningrad.
Contributing Artists
In the largest Department of Painting there were exhibited art works of 177 authors. These were Piotr Alberti, Evgenia Antipova, Taisia Afonina, Sergei Babkov, Vsevolod Bazhenov, Yuri Belov, Dmitry Belyaev, Olga Bogaevskaya, Nikolai Brandt, Dmitry Buchkin, Vladimir Gavrilov, Irina Getmanskaya, Vasily Golubev, Irina Dobrekova, Oleg Eremeev, Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova, Maya Kopitseva, Alexander Koroviakov, Victor Korovin, Mikhail Kozell, Engels Kozlov, Elena Kostenko, Gevork Kotiantz, Vladimir Krantz, Valeria Larina, Boris Lavrenko, Ivan Lavsky, Anatoli Levitin, Oleg Lomakin, Dmitry Maevsky, Gavriil Malish, Boris Maluev, Valentina Monakhova, Nikolai Mukho, Vera Nazina, Mikhail Natarevich, Anatoli Nenartovich, Dmitry Oboznenko, Lev Orekhov, Victor Oreshnikov, Sergei Osipov, Victor Otiev, Yuri Pavlov, Genrikh Pavlovsky, Boris Petrov, Nikolai Pozdneev, Valentina Rakhina, Semion Rotnitsky, Maria Rudnitskaya, Ivan Savenko, Vladimir Sakson, Alexander Semionov, Arseny Semionov, Boris Shamanov, Alexander Shmidt, Nadezhda Shteinmiller, Elena Skuin, Kim Slavin, Alexander Stolbov, Victor Teterin, Nikolai Timkov, Yuri Tulin, Vitaly Tulenev, Boris Ugarov, Ivan Varichev, Anatoli Vasiliev, Igor Veselkin, Rostislav Vovkushevsky, Lazar Yazgur, German Yegoshin, Vecheslav Zagonek, Ruben Zakharian, Elena Zhukova, and other prominent painters of the Leningrad School of Painting.
In the Department of Sculptures it was exhibited the art works of 41 sculptors. The Department of graphics presented a creation of 86 artists.
Contributed Artworks
For the Exhibition it was selected the art works that had been created during 1964-1965, together with some earlier works. All of them were exhibited for the first time. Some of them were subsequently found in the collections of Soviet Art museums, as well as the domestic and foreign galleries and collectors.
Portrait was presented of "Girl in the garden" by Evgenia Antipova, "Eva Ivanova" by Sergei Babkov, "Portrait of Dmitri Shostakovich" by Yuri Belov, "Female portrait" by Olga Bogaevskaya, "Girl with flower" by Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova, "Kirill Genidze" by Elena Kostenko, "Mashenka. Portrait of daughter" by Engels Kozlov, "Portrait of teacher Lev Uspensky" by Valeria Larina, "Portrait of worker Sayanov", "Portrait of artist Kazanchan", "Portrait of Balashov, Hero of the Soviet Union", "Portrait of artist Leonid Baykov" by Anatoli Levitin, "At Reading", "Kolya, young railwayman" by Dmitry Maevsky, "Katya", "Artist Ivan Varichev", "Artist Yacob Golubev" by Oleg Lomakin, "Portrait of Sasha Akhalin" by Vera Nazina, "Tractor driver" by Genrikh Pavlovsky, "Portrait of wife", "Portrait of journalist Guriev" by Victor Oreshnikov, "Portrait of N. Murina", "Portrait of artist Piotr Buchkin" by Semion Rotnitsky, "Tamara" by Vladimir Sakson, "Girl with a branch of Pussy Willow" by Boris Shamanov, "Portrait of son and daughter" by Rostislav Vovkushevsky, "A Boy in Red Jacket" by German Yegoshin, and others.
Genre painting was presented of "Children" by Piotr Alberti, "Before entering the stage" by Sergei Babkov, "In the Motning" by Oleg Eremeev, "Sunday at the Volkhov River", "Courtyard" by Boris Lavrenko, "At the house" by Oleg Lomakin, "Rain", "Sundy Day", "Boys", "On the Volga River" by Boris Maluev, "Young mothers" by Mikhail Natarevich, "Old woman at the stove" by Yuri Pavlov, "On the farm" by Ivan Savenko, "Overhaul" by Nadezhda Shteinmiller, "On the pier" by Boris Ugarov, "Lights of new buildings" by Igor Veselkin, "On the outskirts of Novgorod" by Rostislav Vovkushevsky, "On the threshing-floor" by Ruben Zakharian, "A Midday on the Neva River" by Elena Zhukova, and others.
Landscape, Seascape and Cityscape were presented of "Spring in the forest", "Early green", "Winter sketch" by Vsevolod Bazhenov, "Saint George Church on the Volkhov River", "Old Ladoga", "A Spring" by Dmitry Belyaev, "The Last Snow", "Small Creek", "Saint George Church on the Volkhov"by Nikolai Brandt, "Izborsk ancient town", "Fishermen boats" by Dmitry Buchkin, "Off the coast of Antarctica" by Vladimir Gavrilov, "Forest river", "Creek", "Spring time", "Troubled Volkhov", "In the village" by Vasily Golubev, "At the walls of the Saint Piotr and Paul Fortress", "Winter Palace", "A Winter", by Alexander Koroviakov, "Spring Garden", "Ice drift", "Spring puddle", "Spring road" Victor Korovin, "Spring day", "Settlement of Dachnoe" by Mikhail Kozell, "Birches", "On plein air", "On the Volkhov River" by Vladimir Krantz, "Bukhara", "Old Ladoga" by Boris Lavrenko, "Soon Fall", "Imandra", "Over Khibiny" by Ivan Lavsky, "Frosty Day" by Dmitry Maevsky, "Pskov", "Southern landscape" by Gavriil Malish, "Sredny Prospekt of Vasilyevsky Island" by Nikolai Mukho, "A March", "April" by Mikhail Natarevich, "Birches", "Sunny" by Anatoli Nenartovich, "A March", "Grey Day" by Dmitry Oboznenko, "Vineyards" by Lev Orekhov, "Truvor's settlement", "Fortress Tower", "Autumn. Haystack", "Houses", "Fortress in Ancient Izborsk" by Sergei Osipov, "Arable land", "Creek" by Victor Otiev, "Mount Elbrus" by Boris Petrov, "Falling Leaves", "Thaw", "Bullfinches" by Nikolai Pozdneev, "Griboyedov Canal" by Valentina Rakhina, "Ancient Kholuy" by Semion Rotnitsky, "Fishermen boats" by Maria Rudnitskaya, "Pavlovsk town", "Pushkin town" by Alexander Semionov, "Landscape", "Cityscape of Tallinn", "Old Ladoga" by Arseny Semionov, "Old Garden in Yasnaya Polyana" by Alexander Shmidt, "Sergiyev Posad", "Settlement" by Nadezhda Shteinmiller, "Subcarpathian spring", "Truskavets" by Kim Slavin, "A Porch", "At the house" by Alexander Stolbov, "In Spring", "A Road", "A Winter", "In March", "A Fall time" by Nikolai Timkov, "Kamenny Island in Leningrad", "At the Lanskaya railway station" by Yuri Tulin, "Spring carpet" by Vitaly Tulenev, "The end of April" by Boris Ugarov, "Volkhov River", "Courtyard", "March Snow", "A Village of Bybino", "A Village of Izvoz" by Ivan Varichev, "Valley of Selenga River", "Settlement of Listvenichny" by Anatoli Vasiliev, "Spring on the Volkhov River", "Relict of the past in Old Ladoga" by Lazar Yazgur, "Landscape. Losevo village" by German Yegoshin, "Spring", "Bird cherry in the snow", "Meltwater", "Ice has passed", "Volkhov. North wind", "Thaw" by Vecheslav Zagonek, "Armenia" by Ruben Zakharian, "Spring garden", "Early Spring", "On the Bay", "First spring days", "Young apple-tree in autumn" by Elena Zhukova, and others.
Still life paintings were presented of "Still life with Pussy-Willows", "Rosehip" by Taisia Afonina, "Early Breakfast" by Evgenia Antipova, "Still life with Red Tray", "Jasmine", "Still Life with a Mandolin" by Olga Bogaevskaya, "Still life", "Oranges" by Irina Dobrekova-Chegorovskaya, "Still life" by Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova, "Apples and pomegranate", "Oranges and lemons", "Bananas" by Maya Kopitseva, "Brearfast", "Still life", "Meat. Still life" by Gevork Kotiantz, "Still life with herring" by Engels Kozlov, "Russian victuals. Still life", "Breakfast in the field" by Genrikh Pavlovsky, "Still life", "Shelf", "Cucumbers in a sieve" by Nikolai Pozdneev, "Still life with Coffee pot", "Still life" by Valentina Rakhina, "Antonovsky apples", "Mushrooms" by Maria Rudnitskaya, "Sea fish", "Still life", "Fish-Needle" by Vladimir Sakson, "Violets", "Begonia", "Watering can and roses" by Elena Skuin, "Still life with cucumbers" by Boris Shamanov, "In the Garden. Still life" by Victor Teterin, "Dinner" by Rostislav Vovkushevsky, "A Fish" by German Yegoshin, and others.
Acknowledgment
The Spring Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1965 was widely covered by the press and in the literature on Soviet fine art.
See also
Fine Art of Leningrad
Leningrad School of Painting
1965 in fine arts of the Soviet Union
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Socialist realism
References
Sources
Никифоровская И. У художников весна // Ленинградская правда, 1965, 19 июня.
Каталог весенней выставки произведений ленинградских художников 1965 года. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1970.
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1980.
Художники народов СССР. Биобиблиографический словарь. Т.1-4. М., Искусство, 1970-1995.
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР. Т.1-2. М., Советский художник, 1979.
Хроника узловых событий художественной жизни России 1960-1980-х годов // Time for Change. The Art of 1960-1985 in the Soviet Union. Saint Petersburg, State Russian Museum, 2006.
Sergei V. Ivanov. Unknown Socialist Realism. The Leningrad School. Saint Petersburg, NP-Print Edition, 2007. P.395, 417, 442. ,
Юбилейный Справочник выпускников Санкт-Петербургского академического института живописи, скульптуры и архитектуры имени И. Е. Репина Российской Академии художеств. 1915—2005. Санкт Петербург, «Первоцвет», 2007.
External links
Art exhibitions in Russia
1965 works
1965 in the Soviet Union
Soviet art
Socialist realism
KCCY may refer to:
KCCY-FM, a radio station (96.9 FM) licensed to serve Pueblo, Colorado, United States
KDZA (AM), a radio station (1350 AM) licensed to serve Pueblo, Colorado, which held the call sign KCCY from 2012 to 2018
Northeast Iowa Regional Airport (ICAO code KCCY)
Johan Stølan (30 March 1939 – 24 October 2016) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the terms 1977–1981, 1981–1985 and 1985–1989.
On the local level Stølan was mayor of Hemne municipality from 1987 to 2003. He died at the age of 77.
References
1939 births
2016 deaths
People from Hemne
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Sør-Trøndelag
USS Tahoma was a built by order of the United States Navy for service during the American Civil War.
Tahoma was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
Commissioned at the Philadelphia Navy Yard
Tahoma—a wooden-hulled, 4th rate screw gunboat constructed during 1861 at Wilmington, Delaware, by W. and A. Thatcher—was launched on 2 October 1861; and commissioned at the Philadelphia Navy Yard on 20 December 1861, Lieutenant John C. Howell in command.
Civil War operations
Assigned to the East Gulf Blockade
Assigned to the East Gulf Blockading Squadron, Tahoma remained with this force for her entire career through the Civil War. On 26 April 1862, while patrolling east of Seahorse Key, Florida, the screw gunboat chased a schooner until the quarry ran aground where she was destroyed. Two months later, Tahoma raided St. Marks, Florida, burned a barracks and destroyed a battery of cannon before heading out to sea, unscathed.
Blockade runner Uncle Mose carelessly approaches Tahoma
While patrolling off the Yucatan Peninsula on 7 July, Tahoma captured the blockade-running schooner Uncle Mose, which had sailed unawares up to where the gunboat had anchored. Comdr. Howell later reported that the Confederate captain was astonished "at finding a man-of-war where we were anchored." The prize was laden with 115 bales of badly needed cotton.
Sending ashore a landing party on Seahorse Key
After patrol duty in the late summer and early fall, Tahoma helped to destroy three important Confederate salt works. On the morning of 6 October, Tahoma, and Somerset lay to off Seahorse Key and sent ashore a landing party of 111 men in eight boats. A pre-landing bombardment of shell, shrapnel, and canister fired from the howitzers mounted in two of the boats scattered some 20 to 30 armed Confederate guerrillas.
The sailors quickly landed and deployed to cover the boats. Working parties destroyed 28 boilers and burned all buildings in the vicinity. As Howell subsequently reported:
the expedition was entirely successful ... no confusion was exhibited on landing ... no useless expenditure of ammunition, and no one hurt.
Capturing seven blockade runners
While operating along the Florida coast during the first six months of 1863, Tahoma captured seven blockade runners: the cotton-laden sloop Silas Henry at Tampa Bay on 8 January; British schooner Margaret off St. Petersburg, Florida, on 1 February; the yacht Stonewall off Pea Creek(now called the Peace River) on 22 February; schooner Crazy Jane, carrying a cargo of cotton and turpentine, near Gadsden's Point on 5 May; cotton-carrying schooner Statesman in Tampa Bay on 6 June; the British blockade-running schooner Harrietton off Anclote Keys on 18 June; and Mary Jane, destroyed on the same day at Clearwater, Florida.
Also during this period, Tahoma engaged a Confederate shore battery at Gadsden's Point on 2 April.
Attacking and destroying vital Confederate salt works
Tahoma and Adela landed an expeditionary force at Tampa, Florida, on 17 October 1863 and burned the steamer Scottish Chief as well as the sloop Kate Dale. Operating out of Key West, Florida, from January 1864, Tahoma launched two daring raids against Confederate salt works in February of that year.
On the morning of 17 February, a landing force went ashore in two detachments and marched seven miles inland to destroy salt works at St. Marks, Florida.
Ten days later, another force went ashore to destroy an even more distant station near Goose Creek. On the latter occasion, the landing party eluded Confederate cavalry and brought off a dozen prisoners, including a captain from an infantry company. Before their destruction, these two salt works had produced some 2,500 bushels of salt—important not only for preserving food but also for making gunpowder.
Recommissioned for post-war operations
In the summer, the gunboat steamed north for repairs and was placed out of commission at the New York Navy Yard on 23 July 1864.
After the completion of her overhaul, the ship was recommissioned on 13 April 1865 and operated off the U.S. East Coast until decommissioned at Boston, Massachusetts, on 27 July of the same year. The ship again served on active duty, this time with the Gulf Squadron, from the fall of 1866 into the summer of 1867.
Post-war decommissioning and sale
Tahoma was decommissioned for the last time on 27 August 1867. The ship was later sold on 7 October that same year at New York City.
See also
Union Navy
References
Ships of the Union Navy
Ships built in Wilmington, Delaware
Steamships of the United States Navy
Unadilla-class gunboats
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
The green-backed white-eye (Zosterops xanthochroa) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is also known as the New Caledonian white-eye. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
Taxonomy
The green-backed white-eye was described by George Robert Gray in 1858 from a specimen collected in Nu. The relationships between this species and other white-eyes are uncertain, but it may form a superspecies with the small Lifou white-eye, also from New Caledonia, the Fiji white-eye and the yellow-fronted white-eye (from Vanuatu). This speculative proposal is based upon the shared yellow underparts and their living in the same general region.
Distribution and habitat
The green-backed white-eye is endemic to the islands of New Caledonia, where it is found on Grande Terre, the main island, the smaller L'Île-des-Pins, as well as Maré in the Loyalty Islands. It is replaced on Lifou by the small and large Lifou white-eyes. It is primarily a bird of primary rainforest, from sea level up, although it becomes rare above . It will also enter native gardens and open glades, as well as more open areas opportunistically in order to reach ripening fruit and berries. In the more open brush and woodland habitats it is generally replaced by the related silvereye.
Although the green-backed white-eye has a tiny global range, it is common in its range, especially in the south of Grande Terre and the island of Maré. The species is thought to be decreasing in numbers, due to habitat loss and habitat fragmentation, but not at a rate sufficient to be evaluated as vulnerable. It is therefore listed as least concern by the IUCN. In a study of cave fossils this species and the silvereye are the most commonly found fossil remains.
Description
The green-backed white-eye is in length and weighs around . The head and back are dark olive green with a wide white eye-ring and black lores (which breaks the eye-ring at the front), the throat and breast are yellow and the undersides are dirty white. The wings are brown and olive green. The bill is slate coloured with white at the base of the lower mandible, and the legs are pale slate coloured as well. Both sexes are alike, but the plumage of juvenile birds has not been described.
Behaviour and ecology
Green-backed white-eyes feed on a variety of fruits and insects. Among the fruits taken are papaya and the berries of the introduced Lantana. They will form feeding flocks after the breeding season, which may increase in size as the months pass. Such flocks will also venture outside the primary rainforests in order to take seasonally variable food sources, and will form mixed species feeding flocks with silvereyes, fan-tailed gerygones, and red-throated parrotfinches. They are themselves preyed upon by barn owls.
The main breeding season for this species is from August to October, but there is considerable uncertainty about the exact timing and it is possible the season extends to January or that the species double broods. The species builds a nest of rootlets, hair, feathers, and cobwebs in the fork of a branch of a tree or shrub. Between two and four turquoise eggs are laid, measuring 16.5 by 13 mm.
References
green-backed white-eye
Endemic birds of New Caledonia
green-backed white-eye
green-backed white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dieppe 1942 is a Canadian television documentary film, directed by Terence Macartney-Filgate and broadcast on CBC Television in 1979. An examination of Canada's role in the Dieppe Raid of World War II, the film was written by Timothy Findley and William Whitehead.
The three-hour film was broadcast in two 90-minute parts on November 11 and 12, 1979.
The film received seven Genie Award nominations at the 1st Genie Awards in 1980, for Outstanding Documentary - 30 Minutes and Over, Direction in a Non-Feature Documentary (Macartney-Filgate), Non-Dramatic Script (Findley, Whitehead), Cinematography in a Non-Feature Documentary (Charles Stewart), Sound in a Non-Feature (Alex Taylor, Michael Lax and Austin Grimaldi), Editing in a Non-Feature (Thomas Berner) and Musical Score in a Non-Feature (Rick Wilkins). It did not win any of the awards.
References
External links
1979 television films
1979 films
English-language Canadian films
Canadian documentary television films
Works by Timothy Findley
1970s English-language films
1970s Canadian films
Phytolacca icosandra, sometimes known as button pokeweed or tropical pokeweed, is a species of flowering plant found in the neotropics and introduced into the warmer areas of the western USA.
It reaches up to 3 m in height, with leaves of 10–20 cm by 9–14 cm. The flowers are produced in racemes 10–15 cm long, each flower 5–10 mm diameter, with 8-20 stamens (icosandra means "twenty stamens"). The fruit is a black berry, 5–8 mm diameter.
References
External links
Phytolacca icosandra in the Flora of North America
description and photographs (in Spanish): Área de Conservación Guanacaste, Costa Rica
description and one photograph (in Spanish): the Secretaría del Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales, SEMARNAT, the Mexican government's Secretariat of Environment and Natural Resources
icosandra
Plants described in 1759
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Harmon Creek is a long 3rd order tributary to the Ohio River in Brooke County, West Virginia.
Variant names
According to the Geographic Names Information System, it has also been known historically as:
Hard Bargain Creek
Harman's Creek
Harmons Creek
Horman's Creek
Hormans Creek
Course
Harmon Creek rises about 0.25 miles south of Florence, Pennsylvania, in Washington County and then flows south and west into West Virginia and Brooke County and briefly turns north into Hancock County to join the Ohio River at the south end of Weirton.
Watershed
Harmon Creek drains of area, receives about 40.2 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 326.37, and is about 70% forested.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Washington County, Pennsylvania
Rivers of Brooke County, West Virginia
Rivers of Hancock County, West Virginia
Tributaries of the Ohio River
HMNZS Kahu (P3571) was a Fairmile B motor launch of the Royal New Zealand Navy.
Originally commissioned on 20 December 1943, with the pendant number Q 411, she was part of the 80th Motor Launch Flotilla. Early in 1944, she went to the Solomon Islands where she served under the operational control of COMSOPAC.
She was recommissioned from 1947 to 1965 as HMNZS Kahu I (P3571)
See also
New Zealand Coastal Forces of World War II
References
Further reading
External links
Wartime picture of ML Q 411 (Kahu I P3571) (scroll to bottom)
Patrol vessels of the Royal New Zealand Navy
Rabbi Shlomo Porter is the executive director of the Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Learning. He is a past president of AJOP (Association for Jewish Outreach Professionals), and also has served as an AJOP trustee since its founding in 1985. Rabbi Porter currently resides with his wife Shoshana (Ungar) Porter in Baltimore, Maryland.
Biography
Rabbi Porter is originally from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he was raised by his parents who began their life anew in America after spending World War II in the Jewish-Russian partisan movement.
Rabbi Porter's parents, together with his mentors, Rabbi Michel and Rebbetzin Feige Twerski, had a profound influence on his life and encouraged him to attend Beis Medrash L'Torah, a yeshiva high school in Skokie, Illinois. Afterwards, Rabbi Porter spent thirteen years at the Ner Israel Rabbinical College in Baltimore, and then going on to Loyola College to receive his master's degree in counseling.
From 1974 to 1977, Rabbi Porter organized SEED (Summer Educational and Enrichment Development) programs in Milwaukee. The Porter family moved to Santa Clara, California, so that Rabbi Porter could teach and administer Yeshiva and Medrasha Kerem (a high school for young men and women that combined outreach and Torah learning). In 1981, Rabbi Porter moved back to Baltimore to expand and direct the Etz Chaim Center of Jewish Studies, a multi-level program of outreach and adult learning which has reached over 10,000 Jews of every affiliation. Over the years The Etz Chaim Center of Jewish Learning has grown and presently has a Russian division, a college outreach program, advanced women's program, two centers in Baltimore, and two branches in Washington and Philadelphia.
External links
Website
Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Learning
Articles
Etz Chaim Hits 30 - Baltimore Jewish Times (10/27/2006)
Reinventing Etz Chaim - Baltimore Jewish Times (10/15/2005)
Rabbi Nix Mixed Children's Choir Show - Baltimore Jewish Times (12/14/2001)
Auto tapes by Rabbi Shlomo Porter
Kiruv Training
Kiruv Training 2: How To Do Kiruv
Laws of Passover II
Preparing the Home for Passover
Living people
American Haredi rabbis
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American Jews
Online Pro Wrestling is a professional wrestling video game released on the PlayStation 2 console by Yuke's in Japan. It is based on the WWE SmackDown! video game series based on the professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).
Features
The game introduced a more traditional grappling system while retaining the series' fast gameplay. This new grappling system also includes body damage meters, individual character scales consisting of stats such as strength, endurance and speed, and submission meters for both the person applying the move and the person breaking out of the move.
It was based as an online game where people could fight each other online in virtual tournaments, single matches, and tag matches.
External links
Community
Online Pro Wrestling at IGN
Online Pro Wrestling at GameSpot
Online Pro Wrestling at GameFAQs
2004 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 2-only games
Professional wrestling games
Video games developed in Japan
Yuke's games
The Christene Volkspartij () was the first Belgian Christian Democratic political party. The party was founded in 1893 by the Belgian priest Adolf Daens, who was inspired by the papal encyclical Rerum novarum of Pope Leo XIII, issued in 1891.
History
The inaugural meeting was organised in Okegem on 15 April 1893, and was attended by the founders of party, the self-styled Roelanders: Vanlangenhaeke, Van de Velde, De Backer, Lambrecht, Sterck, De Pelsmaecker and Pieter Daens, who was from nearby Aalst. Pieter Daens's brother priest Adolf Daens wrote the party programme which was adopted at the next meeting in July 1893.
Adolf Daens founded the party as an alternative for socialism and the conservative Catholic Party. He emphasized the social problems of the time and linked them to the need for social facilities and also a Flemish political programme, aimed at creating a favourable political climate in Flanders.
His political movement had significant success in the region of Aalst, but was opposed by the (Catholic) elite, and by the Roman Catholic Church. In spite of all opposition the Christene Volkspartij succeeded in gaining representation in the Belgian parliament, with Adolf Daens as its foremost leader. In parliament Daens quickly got into conflict with the conservative Catholic leader Charles Woeste and tried to gain support from the Socialists. During the municipal elections of 1899 the Daensists even cooperated with the Socialists in Brussels. In the same year, Adolf Daens was removed from his office as a priest. When the Christene Volkspartij started to grow and threatened the political power of the Socialists, the latter withheld further cooperation.
After his political career, Daens lived in Aalst where he remained as leader of the movement until his death in June 1907. Daensism had a permanent influence in the arrondissement Aalst and created the foundations of Christian democracy in Belgium.
See also
Politics of Belgium
PSC-CVP
Graves de communi re
Belgian Labour Party
References
Elias MR DR H.J. Priester Daens en de christene volkspartij, 1893–1907, Aalst, Dietschland S.V. 1940.
Th. Luykx and M. Platel, Politieke geschiedenis van België, 2 vol., Kluwer, 1985
E. Witte, J. Craeybeckx en A. Meynen, Politieke geschiedenis van België, Standaard, 1997
Priester Daensfonds
Defunct political parties in Belgium
Catholic political parties
Defunct Christian political parties
1893 establishments in Belgium
Political parties established in 1893
Political parties with year of disestablishment missing
Aalst, Belgium
Christian socialist organizations
Ezequiel "Cheche" Alara is a Grammy and Latin Grammy-winning music composer, producer, music director, conductor and keyboardist.
He is the composer for "The Titan Games" on NBC (hosted by Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson), "Death by Magic" (Netflix), "To Tell The Truth" (ABC).
He has been the Musical Director and Conductor for the Grammy Awards Premiere Show (2017 and 2019), six editions of the Latin Grammys "Person of the Year" Concert galas (Placido Domingo, Caetano Veloso, Alejandro Sanz, Shakira, Miguel Bosé and José Jose), Mike Patton, Jordan Smith's PBS Christmas Special (featuring David Foster) for various of the American Idol concert tours', The Tonight Show, and for touring and recording musicians including Christina Aguilera, Pink, Thalía, and Lady Gaga.
He has produced albums for Natalia Lafourcade, including Musas, Vol. 1 (winner of the 2017 Latin Grammy for "Best Folk Album", and 2018 Grammy nominee for "Best Latin Pop Album"), and Musas, Vol. 2 (winner of the 2018 Latin Grammy for "Best Folk Album", and 2019 Grammy nominee for "Best Latin Pop Album"), Claudia Brant (winner of the 2019 Grammmy for "Best Latin Pop Album"), Il Volo, Estopa, Thalía, and many others. As a producer, Cheche has multiple nominations for Grammys and Latin Grammys, including Album of the Year and Song of the Year.
Career history
Alara obtained a B.A. in Arranging/Orchestration from Berklee College of Music in Boston and a master's degree in Jazz Studies from the University of Southern California.
Alara was a participant in the Playing for Change charitable multimedia music project in 2011, playing keyboards on PFC 2: Songs Around the World. For the Lady Gaga song, "Americano", on the 2011 album, Born This Way, Alara recruited the all-female mariachi group Trio Ellas. In 2015, Alara produced the Spanish version of L'amore si muove, by Il Volo. Alara has acted as a producer and musical director for Natalia Lafourcade, and played keyboards for Lafourcade's CDMX: Music from Mexico City performance in October 2017.
Alara was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Album of the Year in the 18th Annual Latin Grammy Awards for his production of Lafourcade's Musas (Un Homenaje al Folclore Latinoamericano en Manos de Los Macorinos, Vol. 1). In November 2018, Alara won the Grammy for Muses at the Latin Grammy Awards. It was announced in January 2019 that Alara would serve as musical director for the 61st Annual Grammy Awards. Alara was announced as musical director for the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards in January 2020.
Alara has also worked in a variety of capacities on numerous albums, including:
Habítame Siempre by Thalía (as producer)
Born This Way by Lady Gaga (arranger, composer, instrumentation)
Americano (as writer)
Born This Way: The Remix (as composer)
Luna Llena by Mariana Ochoa (director, keyboards)
American Idol Season 5: Encores (keyboards)
Glee: The Music, Season 4, Volume 1 by the cast of the American musical television series Glee (as composer)
MTV Unplugged by Alejandro Sanz (as director)
Another Cinderella Story (as writer of the "Valentine's Dance Tango")
Primera Fila (Thalía album) by Thalía (performing)
Christina Aguilera in Concert (keyboards)
In addition, Alara was a musician on The Bonnie Hunt Show, and composed for 27 episodes of the 2016 version of To Tell the Truth, and for the Dwayne Johnson-created show The Titan Games.
References
External links
Personal website
Musicians from Buenos Aires
Berklee College of Music alumni
University of Southern California alumni
Music directors
Latin Grammy Award winners
WTJX-FM (93.1 MHz) is a non-commercial, educational public radio station, serving as the NPR network affiliate for the United States Virgin Islands. The station is licensed to Charlotte Amalie. The station is owned and operated by the Virgin Islands Public Broadcasting System, which also owns sister station WTJX-TV, a PBS affiliate.
The station signed on the air on January 12, 2015.
External links
Official Website
TJX-FM
Radio stations established in 2015
2015 establishments in the United States Virgin Islands
NPR member stations
Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virgin Islands
A dystopia is a community or society that is in some important way undesirable or frightening.
Dystopia may also refer to:
Dystopia (video game), a 2005 Source Game Engine modification
Dystopia (band), a sludge metal/crust punk band
Dystopia (Babes in Toyland album) (1994)
Dystopia (Beneath the Massacre album) (2008)
Dystopia (Dystopia album) (2008)
Dystopia (Iced Earth album) (2011) or its title track
Dystopia (Megadeth album) (2016)
Dystopia (Midnight Juggernauts album) (2007) or its title track
Dystopia (song), a song by Megadeth,
"Dystopia", a song by Kreator from Enemy of God
See also
Dystopia canthorum
Eopsaltria is a genus of small forest passerines known in Australia as the yellow robins. They belong to the Australasian robin family Petroicidae. The name is derived from the Ancient Greek for "dawn singer/song" because of their dawn chorus. They are inquisitive and bold birds, and have been reported perching on the shoulders or boots of people in the bush. Open eucalyptus woodlands are their preferred habitat. The ornithologist John Gould likened the behaviour and mannerisms of the eastern and western yellow robin to those of the European robin. The name "yellow robin" itself was applied to the eastern yellow robin by the early settlers of New South Wales.
Taxonomy and systematics
The ornithologist William John Swainson named the genus Eopsaltria in 1832, placing into it the bird that was then known as the yellow-breasted thrush (Pachycephala australis). Two species are currently classified within the genus: the eastern and western yellow robins, which have been alternately classified as a single species by Julian Ford since 1979 on account of similarities in their calls and behaviour. The eastern yellow robin itself was historically split into two species, the northern populations were given the name northern yellow robin (E. chrysorrhoa) while the remaining groups were known as the southern yellow robin.
Another species, the mangrove robin Peneoenanthe pulverulenta was often included in this genus. Although its plumage resembled that of the white-breasted robin, DNA analysis revealed it should be classified as a member of the New Guinea genus Peneothello.
Previously the two members of the genus Tregellasia were included in this genus; the pale-yellow robin (Tregellasia capito) and white-faced robin (T. leucops). The yellow-bellied flyrobin (Microeca flaviventris) of New Caledonia was previously classified in this genus as it had similar plumage, but a genetic analysis of nuclear and mitochondrial DNA has placed it in the genus Microeca. Its nest and eggs resemble those of members of Microeca rather than Eopsaltria. The same study placed the white-breasted robin as sister taxon to the two Tregellasia robins and proposed the genus be sunk once again into Eopsaltria.
Extant species
The genus contains the following two species:
Former species
Formerly, some authorities also considered the following species (or subspecies) as species within the genus Eopsaltria:
Grey whistler (sudestensis) (as Eopsaltria sudestensis)
Melanesian whistler (cucullata) (as Eopsaltria cucullata)
Tongan whistler (as Eopsaltria melanops)
Samoan whistler (as Eopsaltria flavifrons)
White-breasted robin (as Eopsaltria georgiana)
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Petroicidae
Bird genera
Sutekh, the alias of Seth Joshua Horvitz, is a music composer and performer of experimental electronic and techno music. He has released on several international record labels such as Mille Plateaux, Plug Research, Soul Jazz, Leaf, Kit Clayton's Orthlorng Musork and his own Context Free Media.
He performed under the name Moron together with Safety Scissors, with whom he shared a flat in Oakland in 1997. Along with Kit Clayton, the three released two albums as Pigeon Funk (the second one without Safety Scissors). He has also performed and recorded under the names Rrose and Suite K.
Horvitz was born in 1973 and grew up in Venice Beach. He holds a BA in Cognitive Science from the University of California at Berkeley (1995) and an MFA in Electronic Music and Recording Media from Mills College (2010).
Discography
Albums
Periods.Make.Sense (2000), Force Inc. Music Works
Deadpan Escapement: Reconstructed with Twerk (2000), Context Free Media
Fell (2002), Orthlorng Musork
Incest Live (2002), Force Inc. Music Works
On Bach (2010), Creaked Records
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Migration museums cover human migration in the past, present and future.
Background
The current trend in the development of migration museums, named differently worldwide, is an interesting phenomenon, as it may contribute to the creation of a new and multiple identity, at an individual and collective level. The United States with Ellis Island, Australia, Canada, and more recently several European countries — e.g., France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, Belgium and the United Kingdom — have been creating such venues to facilitate transmission between generations as well as encounters between migrants and the host populations, by telling their personal story.
While these initiatives also serve the duty to remember, they seem to have three main objectives: Acknowledge, integrate and build awareness
Acknowledge: The contributions made by migrants to their host societies; the diversity and wealth of the origin cultures and; the right to a dual-belonging.
Include and Integrate: Foster the sense of belonging; enable the communities to feel as an integral part of the nation; find common ground and contribute to a national identity.
Build awareness and educate on the events that induced individuals — and refugees in particular — to leave their land, thus developing empathy among the host population. More generally, deconstruct stereotypes on immigration.
Given the international scene and the latest events, from the Van Gogh affair in the Netherlands in 2004 to the so-called ‘crise des banlieues' in France in 2005there is an urgent need to give the migrant generations (the youth as well as their parents) a voice, in order to foster inclusion, integration and the right to difference. Listening to individual stories may help to deconstruct stereotypes. Memory, History and Narration may also allow taking a step back and to consider the complete picture.
Migration museums also face common challenges, in that they intend to be not only a venue for conservation and exhibition, but also and above all a lively meeting place. The challenge is not so much to bring in the intellectuals, academics, researchers, historians, traditional visitors of museums (the converted) but to attract the general public, those with preconceived ideas on immigration and the migrants themselves.
In addition to the following list, there are many local heritage initiatives and smaller museums which have increasingly focused on migration as a part of the narrative they portray.
List of migration museums
Further reading
Maria Beatriz Rocha-Trindade, Miguel Monteiro (2007), "Museums Devoted to Migration: the Portuguese Emigration Museum", Museum International 59 (1-2), 145–150.
Aytac Eryilmaz, "The Political and Social Significance of a Museum of Migration in Germany", Museum International, Volume 59, Numbers 1-2, May 2007, pp. 127–136
Viv Szekeres, "Representing diversity and challenging racism: the Migration Museum", in Richard Sandell (editor), Museums, Society, Inequality (Routledge, London, 2002) pp. 142–152
References
External links
Integration : Building Inclusive Societies (IBIS) UN Alliance of Civilizations online community on Good Practices of Integration of Migrants across the World
Lists of museums by subject
Types of museums
How To Stop Being a Loser is a 2011 British independent comedy film starring Billy Murray, Gemma Atkinson, Richard E. Grant, Simon Phillips, and Colin Salmon. The film released on 18 November 2011 in the United Kingdom. , none of the seven reviews compiled by Rotten Tomatoes are positive, with an average score of 3.33/10.
Plot
James is useless with women, but his luck changes under the tutelage of pick-up artist, Ampersand. As James learns the art of seduction he begins to wonder about Ampersand's intentions and questions what would truly make him happy in life.
Cast
Simon Phillips as James
Gemma Atkinson as Hannah
Billy Murray as Dr. Leaner
Richard E. Grant as Ian
Craig Conway as Ampersand
Nicola Posener as Emma
Stephanie Leonidas as "Patch"
Colin Salmon as Dennis
Keeley Hazell as Kirsty
Martin Compston as Adam
Neil Maskell as Hands Henry
Martin Kemp as Zeus
David Easter as Mr. Johnson
Sheridan Smith as Lisa
Larissa Houghton as Kelly-Ann
Dominic Burns as Neil
Rita Ramnani as Jenny
Adele Silva as Zara
Jill Halfpenny as Suzy
See also
School for Scoundrels
References
External links
Interview with Dominic Burns on the occasion of the DVD release
Interview with Simon Phillips about his role in How To Stop Being A Loser
Interview with Gemma Atkinson on How To Stop Being A Loser
2011 films
British comedy films
Films set in London
British independent films
2011 comedy films
2010s English-language films
Films directed by Dominic Burns
2010s British films
Helene-Lange-Schule may refer to:
Helene-Lange-Schule (Frankfurt), a modern language gymnasium school in Frankfurt am Main, Germany
Helene-Lange-School (Wiesbaden), a comprehensive school in Wiesbaden, Germany
Deer Park is an unincorporated community in Luce County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is located within McMillan Township. As an unincorporated community, Deer Park has no legally defined boundaries or population statistics of its own.
Settled as early as 1876, the community is centered along the eastern terminus of H-58 and County Road 407 along the shores of Lake Superior. Muskallonge Lake State Park is within the vicinity of Deer Park.
History
Deer Park was originally settled as a Native American encampment. The community was later settled as a lumber-milling town. The Cook and Wilson Lumber Company purchased the first sawmill in the community in 1876. Deer Park expanded after Bradley and Hurst bought the mill ten years later. At the town's peak, it had a population of 400 people, making it one of the largest white pine logging communities. The mill produced 16,000 board feet every 24 hours. The Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic Railroad built a branch from Newberry to Deer Park to serve the mill, though the railroad was eventually removed. A post office opened July 12, 1888 with W.L.M. Powell was the first postmaster. The post office closed on January 15, 1900, due to the town's declining population. By the early 1900s, the lumber supply was gone from Deer Park, the sawmill closed, and Deer Park's population began to decline. The only remaining signs of the lumber industry are piles of sawdust and some pine logs in Muskallonge Lake, which was used to soften the logs before they were milled.
The shipping industry was also significant in Deer Park. The community was located on Lake Superior's Shipwreck Coast. The Deer Park (formerly Muskallonge Lake) Station was the site of one of six Lake Superior stations of the Lifesaving Service between Munising, Michigan and Vermilion Point. In 1892, the propeller SS Western Reserve sank about 35 miles northwest of Deer Park with the loss of all but the wheelsman. In 1907, the SS Cyprus sank north of Deer Park; all but one of its crew members died.
Present-day community
Deer Park is currently an unincorporated community with few residents. Its primary attraction is Muskallonge Lake State Park. The community also contains a lodge and a general store, which primarily cater to visitors to the state park. Deer Park is the terminus of County Highways H-37 (aka: CR 407) and H-58.
References
External links
Michigan Lighthouse Conservancy: Deer Park Life Saving Station
Unincorporated communities in Luce County, Michigan
Unincorporated communities in Michigan
Michigan populated places on Lake Superior
Populated places established in 1876
1876 establishments in Michigan
So Kwun Wat () is one of the 31 constituencies in the Tuen Mun District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Tuen Mun District Council, with an election every four years.
So Kwun Wat loosely covers areas like Siu Lam and So Kwun Wat. It has projected population of 13,828.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
Notes
References
So Kwun Wat
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Tuen Mun District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
Before I forget () is a 2007 French drama film directed, written and starred in by Jacques Nolot. The film portrays the life of an aging gay man, who was a hustler in his youth, confronting old age, an empty life and a reversal of paying for sex. The film was well received by critics.
Plot
Pierre is a 58-year-old gay man who was a hustler in his youth. He is no longer considered desirable and now finds himself in the reverse position: He is the one paying for sex. He has trouble sleeping, has a coffee, and starts chain smoking. In the morning, he receives a visit from Marc, a young hustler. They have sex, but the joyless encounter ends quickly; Pierre has been HIV positive for 24 years and his various medications have affected his performance. Marc invites him to a drag club but Pierre rejects the offer because he would have to shave his mustache.
Pierre later visits Jacques, a wealthy gay friend, who is married and has tax problems. They compare bargains on gigolos. Pierre brags that he has acquired the services of one young man for half the price that his friend paid. A trip to Pigalle for sex is curtailed because of Pierre's impotence problem. At his lawyer's, an old gay man, Pierre runs into a friend from many years ago, Paul, an ex con who has inherited money from his late lover Gaston, an ex-lover of Pierre. Paul, who was barely 17 years old when Pierre was in his prime, was having sex with the lawyer when Pierre arrived to invite him for lunch. At the restaurant, they compare crime stories: stealing things, doing time, etc. Pierre casually mentions that he used to cruise with Roland Barthes and later reflects on his now lost youth and good looks, commenting that then "Apart from sun, cock, and bars, nothing much interested me."
Toutoune, Pierre's former older lover and patron, 35 years older than him, died recently and Pierre had been hoping to inherit some money, but no will was found and he was swindled out of his inheritance by Toutoune's relatives. With a friend, he visits Toutoune's house looking for some artwork that was left to him. "What would make me happy? Nothing..." he says at one point, adding that a new young lover might do the trick.
Pierre visits his psychotherapist and discusses his depression. The therapist shuts down the session just as Pierre gets going. Back home, Pierre worries that his medication, aside from warnings about liver trouble and other dangerous side effects, will make him lose his hair. Later, Pierre gives oral sex to a man who delivers his groceries, advises a young gigolo and visits his friend David. Finally he dresses in drag to visit a porn cinema with Marc.
Cast
Jacques Nolot as Pierre
Marc Rioufol as Paul
Bastien d'Asnières as Marc
Bruno Moneglia as Bruno
Jean Pommier as Georges
David Kessler as Manosky
Albert Mainella as Toutoune
Home media
The film was released on DVD in the US in September 2008. It was released with English subtitles, and also with a subtitled two-minute theatrical trailer as the bonus feature.
References
External links
2007 films
2007 drama films
French drama films
French LGBT-related films
HIV/AIDS in French films
Films directed by Jacques Nolot
2007 LGBT-related films
Gay-related films
2000s French-language films
2000s French films
James McGee may refer to:
James McGee (author) (born 1950), English novelist
James McGee (Irish politician) (died 1956), Irish senator
James McGee (tennis) (born 1987), Irish Davis Cup team member and professional tour player
James A. McGee (1879–1904), Canadian football and ice hockey player
James D. McGee (born 1949), American diplomat
James H. McGee (1918–2006), American politician and mayor of Dayton, Ohio
Jimmy McGee, Irish basketball player
See also
James Magee (disambiguation)
James McGhee (disambiguation)
Betula pubescens 'Pendula', or Weeping Downy Birch, is a weeping tree and a cultivar of Betula pubescens, the Downy Birch. It was first described by Schelle in 1903. No trees are known to survive of this cultivar.
Description
A weeping tree with a leader and with pendulous branches.
Accessions
Very little is known of this cultivar and it never seems to have been widely cultivated.
Synonymy
Betula pubescens f. pendula Schelle in L.Beissner, E.Schelle & H.Zabel, Handb. Laubholzben.: 53 (1903), nom. nud.
References
External links
pubescens 'Pendula'
Weeping trees
Extinct cultivars
This is the discography of American rock band Styx. Over the years they have released 17 studio albums, 9 live albums, 16 compilation albums, 39 singles, and 3 extended plays. 16 singles have hit the top 40 of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and 8 have hit the top 10.
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
Notes
References
External links
Official discography of Styx
Discographies of American artists
Rock music group discographies
An air liaison officer is generally an air force official acting as an intermediary between the air force they represent and another organization, although this role can vary based on country.
United Kingdom
In World War II, air liaison officers were senior officers of the Royal Air Force posted within a separate foreign or domestic military or civil service, providing communication between that service and the Royal Air Force.
Some Air Liaison Officers
Squadron Leader William Palstra (killed on R101)
Air Vice Marshal Stanley James (Jimmy) Goble
Air Vice Marshal David Vaughan Carnegie
Wing Commander Hugh Gordon Malcolm VC
Field Marshal Sir Francis Wogan Festing
Air Vice Marshal Henry Meyrick Cave-Browne-Cave
Air Vice Marshal Henry Neilson Wrigley
United States
References
History of the Royal Air Force
Parallel Lives is a 1994 American made-for-television mystery-drama film written, directed and produced by Linda Yellen which returns some actors and similar patterns of Yellen's previous work, Chantilly Lace.
The film features an all-star cast: James Belushi, James Brolin, LeVar Burton, Lindsay Crouse, Jill Eikenberry, Ben Gazzara, Jack Klugman, Liza Minnelli, Dudley Moore, Gena Rowlands, Ally Sheedy, Helen Slater, Mira Sorvino, Paul Sorvino, Robert Wagner, Patricia Wettig, JoBeth Williams and Treat Williams.
Parallel Lives was broadcast August 14, 1994, on Showtime.
Plot
A college reunion turns into a tangled web of passion, romance and intrigue as old friends and enemies catch up with each other's lives.
Cast
James Belushi as Nick Dimas
Liza Minnelli as Stevie Merrill
James Brolin as Professor Spencer Jones
Helen Slater as Elsa Freedman
LeVar Burton as Dr. Franklin Carter
Jack Klugman as Senator Robert Ferguson
Patricia Wettig as Rebecca Ferguson Stone
Ben Gazzara as Charlie Duke
Mira Sorvino as Matty Derosa
Lindsay Crouse as Una Pace
JoBeth Williams as Winnie Winslow
Ally Sheedy as Louise
Paul Sorvino as Ed Starling
Matthew Perry as Willie Morrison
Jill Eikenberry as Lula Sparks
Treat Williams as Peter Barnum
Dudley Moore as Imaginary Friend / President Andrews
Gena Rowlands as Francie Pomerantz
Robert Wagner as the sheriff
Michael O'Rourke as Kirk O'Brien
Alan Feinstein as Dan Merrill
Production
The movie was developed by Yellen with the assistance of the Sundance Institute. As with Chantilly Lace, it uses "guided improvisations" with the actors, after receiving some general character outlines, free to improvise.
Parts of the film were shot in Salt Lake City, Utah, and California.
Reception
The movie received mixed reviews. New York Times critic John Leonard argued: "'Parallel Lives' is injured in its lightness of being by Yellen's added structure. But until it sinks in murky narrative waters, it's a marvel of raw edges and wild wit and surprise cunning, of craft that goes up like a kite to catch some lightning." The Variety critic Ray Loynd wrote: "When the movie works best (...), this is a movie that tends to make The Big Chill look sodden."
On the other hand, Lynne Heffley opened her review for the Los Angeles Times with these words: "From the sublime to the ridiculous... and the ridiculous has the edge in 'Parallel Lives.' Jerry Roberts in his Encyclopedia of Television Film Directors defined the film as "a cattle call at the actors unemployment line" and film critic Lewis Beale in his video review for the New York Daily News claimed that: "Linda Yellen's film wants to be hip, moving and Robert Altmanesque (overlapping dialogue and an improvisational feel), but it's simply tedious and stupid."
References
External links
1994 television films
1994 films
1990s mystery drama films
American mystery drama films
Showtime (TV network) films
Films directed by Linda Yellen
Films shot in Salt Lake City
Films shot in California
1994 drama films
American drama television films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Duke of Leinster (27 May 1914 – 3 December 2004) was the premier Duke, Marquess and Earl in the Peerage of Ireland.
Family and background
Gerald FitzGerald was the only child of Edward FitzGerald, 7th Duke of Leinster, and his first wife, May Juanita Etheridge, a chorus girl.
Relations between Gerald FitzGerald's parents became strained when he was still a small child. In 1922, his father became 7th duke upon the death of the 6th duke, and Gerald FitzGerald gained the courtesy title of Marquess of Kildare. His father then secured a separation from his mother, and they were divorced eight years later, in 1930. Gerald Kildare spent most of his childhood being brought up by his great aunt Lady Adelaide FitzGerald (1860–1942), at Johnstown Castle, County Wexford. A daughter of George Forbes, 7th Earl of Granard, she was the widow of his great uncle Lord Maurice FitzGerald, and it was felt that she would provide a suitable environment for the future duke. In 1935, Gerald Kildare's mother committed suicide by swallowing an overdose of sleeping pills. His father also committed suicide forty years later, in 1976.
The 7th Duke married four times in all, but had no other legitimate children and became notorious for financial profligacy and mismanagement. He had numerous step-children, the progeny of his wives by previous marriages. Among them was Joan Yarde-Buller, daughter of his third wife Denise Orme. Joan Yarde-Buller, also known as Princess Taj-ud-dawlah, was married to Prince Aly Khan at the time he married her mother in 1946. Joan's son Karim (born 1936) would in time become Prince Aga Khan IV.
Due to the 7th Duke's money troubles, the trustees of the family estate entrusted the young Gerald Kildare with the care of family heirlooms and treasures and gave him an advance on his inheritance.
In 1999, the Duke failed in his attempts to prevent a half-brother from being formally recognised as a member of the ducal family by both Debrett's Peerage and Burke's Peerage. This was Adrian FitzGerald, an illegitimate son of the 7th Duke by Yvonne Denison Percy Probyn, later surnamed FitzGerald by deed poll, who was the daughter of Captain Percy John Probyn, RAMC, the eldest son of Frederick Probyn, JP, of Cambridge House, Treverthen, Monmouthshire.
Career and pursuits
Educated at Eton College, Gerald Kildare became a cadet at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and was commissioned into the 5th Royal Inniskilling Dragoon Guards, with whom he served as a major in the Second World War. He was invalided out of the Army after being wounded in Normandy.
After the war, the future duke tried to farm the estate at Kilkea Castle, County Kildare, Ireland, but it proved unprofitable. In the early 1960s, he moved to Oxfordshire and worked in the aviation industry. It was at his Oxfordshire home that, in 1976, the police were called to prevent his father making off with property worth over £100,000, a painting by Joshua Reynolds and a tapestry. The 7th Duke died the same year; however, the 8th Duke was prevented from receiving his title due to an American who claimed to be the son of his father's elder brother Lord Desmond FitzGerald (died 1916).
The Duke of Leinster was a keen field sportsman. He was Master of the North Kilkenny Foxhounds from 1937 to 1940; of the West Percy Foxhounds in 1945-46; and of the Portman Foxhounds in 1946-47.
Marriages and children
The Duke was twice married, his wives being:
Joane Kavanagh (1915–1994), the eldest daughter of Rt. Hon. Maj. Arthur Thomas MacMorrough Kavanagh, The MacMorrough Kavanagh, Prince of Leinster. Married on 17 October 1936, they divorced in 1946 (Joane, Marchioness of Kildare, married, the next year, Lt. Col. Archibald Macalpine-Downie, and had further issued.) The Kildares had three daughters, one of whom died in infancy:
Lady Pamela Hermione FitzGerald (6 November 1937 – 3 April 1938), whose middle name was given in honour of her father's paternal grandmother, Hermione, wife of the 5th Duke of Leinster.
Lady Rosemary Anne FitzGerald (born 4 August 1939), married on 9 February 1963 Mark Killigrew Wait. After her divorce in 1967, she returned to using her maiden name.
Lady Nesta FitzGerald (born 8 January 1942), married in 1977 Philip Tirard (died 1993), with whom she has two daughters.
Anne Eustace-Smith (Whalton, 6 May 1922 – 4 December 2016), daughter of Lt. Col. Philip Eustace-Smith of Rothley Crag, Cambo, Norpeth, Northumberland (1888 - ?), High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1931, and wife (23 October 2012) Eleanor Anne Clayton (1887 - 1946); paternal granddaughter of Eustace Smith of the Manor House, Whalton (1861 - ?) and wife (Newcastle-upon-Tyne, 10 October 1886) Ellen Gertrude Hawkes (Chester, July or September 1865 - ?) and maternal granddaughter of John Bertram Clayton of Chesters, Northumberland, and of Charlwood Park, Surrey (9 October 1861 - 8 April 1900) and wife (26 January 1886) Florence Octavia Cadogan (London, 1862 - ?); great-granddaughter of Thomas Eustace Smith (3 June 1831 - 1903), shipping magnate, Member of Parliament between 1868 and 1885, son of shipbuilder William Smith and wife Margaret Werge) and wife (Haddington, 1 March 1855) Mary Martha Dalrymple (14 October 1835 - ?), daughter of William Henry Clarence Dalrymple and wife Margaret Werge), of Nathaniel George Clayton of Chesters, Northumberland, and of Charlwood Park, Surrey (20 September 1833 - 5 September 1895), son of Rev. Richard Clayton and wife ...) and wife (12 December 1860) Isabel Ogle (daughter of Rev. Edward Chaloner Ogle of Kirkley Hall and wife Sophia Ogle of the Ogle Baronets, of Worthy) and of Cadogan Hodgson-Cadogan of Brinkburn Priory (Dawlish, Devon, 1826 - 26 March 1886), Justice of Peace, High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1881, son of William Hodgson-Cadogan and wife ...) and wife (Brighton, 1848) Isabel Mary Smith (Langham Place, London - 1907, daughter of Oswald Smith of Blendon Hall and wife Henrietta Mildred Hodgson, both also parents of Frances Dora Smith, great-grandmother of Elizabeth II). They married in Alnwick on 12 June 1946 and had two sons:
Maurice FitzGerald, 9th Duke of Leinster (born 1948). Succeeded to the dukedom upon the death of his father. Married and had issued three children, but his only son died in a motor accident in 1997.
Lord John FitzGerald (3 March 1952 – 3 August 2015). His only son Edward FitzGerald is presently heir to the dukedom and other titles.
Dual claims
After Gerald FitzGerald, Marquess of Kildare, became 8th Duke of Leinster, in 1976, a California artist and teacher, Leonard FitzGerald, claimed to be the rightful duke. He said his father was Lord Desmond FitzGerald, the second of three sons of Gerald FitzGerald, 5th Duke of Leinster, and who was thought to have been killed in the First World War while serving in the Irish Guards. Leonard FitzGerald declared that Lord Desmond, however, secretly emigrated to North America and lived there until his death in 1967, despite eyewitness accounts of Desmond FitzGerald's death and his burial at the public cemetery in Calais, France.
On the advice of his doctor, because of ill health, Leonard FitzGerald withdrew his claim. He died in 1994, but the claim is continued by his son Paul FitzGerald, who filed a suit about this with the Department of Constitutional Affairs in 2006. Paul FitzGerald's claim, however, was eventually dismissed in 2007.
In 2010, however, DNA evidence was presented that indicates that Paul FitzGerald is related to the wife of the 5th Duke, the former Lady Hermione Duncombe. As reported in The Scotsman,
With the help of Dunfermline-based genealogist Lloyd Pitcairn, Mrs. FitzGerald Caudill [Paul FitzGerald's aunt] traced Maud Crawford, the granddaughter of Lady Hermione's younger sister Urica Duncombe.
The results of the tests found that it was "41 times more probable" that Ms. Crawford and Paul FitzGerald were extremely closely related than were from different families. The proof that Paul FitzGerald is related to the titled family is the first DNA evidence ever produced in the case, and it strongly supports Mrs Fitz-Gerald Caudhill's long-held claim suggesting that her mysterious father was the son of Lady Hermione, the wife of the fifth Duke of Leinster.
References
External links
Whose pauper's plot it this?
Daily Telegraph Obituary
Gerald
1914 births
2004 deaths
Military personnel from London
People educated at Eton College
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
5th Royal Inniskilling Dragoon Guards officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Dukes of Leinster (1766)
Masters of foxhounds in Ireland
The 2008 Masters Series Monte-Carlo (also known as the Masters Series Monte-Carlo presented by ROLEX for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 102nd edition of the Monte Carlo Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from 19 April through 27 April 2008.
The men's field was headlined by World No. 1 and Estoril Open winner Roger Federer, Miami runner-up and defending champion Rafael Nadal, and Australian Open and Indian Wells titlist Novak Djokovic. Other notable names in the field were Miami Masters champion Nikolay Davydenko, Valencia Open winner David Ferrer, David Nalbandian, Richard Gasquet and Mikhail Youzhny.
Notable stories
Nadal's achievements
Champion Rafael Nadal became the first man since Anthony Wilding in 1914 to win four consecutive titles in Monte Carlo, and was therefore the first man to do so in the Open Era.
Nadal also won the doubles event, forming an unseeded team with Tommy Robredo. This made him only the second man in ATP Masters Series history to win both the singles and the doubles events of a tournament, in the same year. The last man to do so was Jim Courier, at the 1991 Indian Wells Super 9.
All top seeds in final rounds
For the second time only in ATP Masters Series history, the top four seeds (Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Nikolay Davydenko) all reached the semifinals of the event. The last occurrence of this had taken place at the 1999 Cincinnati Super 9 event, with Pete Sampras, Patrick Rafter, Andre Agassi and Yevgeny Kafelnikov all reaching the final four.
Finals
Singles
Rafael Nadal defeated Roger Federer, 7–5, 7–5
It was Rafael Nadal's 1st title of the year, and his 24th overall. It was his 1st Masters title of the year, his 10th overall, and his 4th consecutive win at the event.
Doubles
Rafael Nadal / Tommy Robredo defeated Mahesh Bhupathi / Mark Knowles, 6–3, 6–3
References
External links
ATP tournament profile
ITF tournament edition details
The Utah State Hospital (USH) is a mental hospital located in eastern Provo, Utah, United States of America. The current superintendent is Dallas Earnshaw.
History
The Utah State Hospital began as the Territorial Insane Asylum in 1885 at Provo, Utah, with the purpose of housing and treating those considered to be mentally ill and attempting to return them to normal levels of functioning. However, due to limited knowledge about treatment of mental health at the time, the hospital became little more than a place for the mentally ill to live. The site chosen in Provo was eight blocks from the nearest residence and was separated from the city by swampland and the city dump. The supervising architect of the 1885-completed building was John H. Burton, who planned the building during the period from 1881 until his death, after which his assistant/colleague Richard K.A. Kletting was appointed.
In 1903 the Asylum was renamed the Utah State Mental Hospital, and in 1927 it adopted its current name in an effort to eliminate the negative stigma associated with the word “mental.” Long-term patients at the hospital engaged in work therapy, which gave them something to do and also made USH self-sustaining. The hospital originally sat on 600 acres of land, and housed a dairy, a hay barn, and a piggery, as well as chickens, rabbits, and pigeons. Residents took care of the animals and also harvested fruits and vegetables from the orchards and gardens on campus.
As more and more patients began their indefinite incarceration at the hospital, problems of overcrowding arose. In the 1940s USH had 700 beds, but the hospital was housing over 1,100 patients. It was not uncommon to see mattresses lining the hallways, and the large surplus of patients made it difficult for staff members to focus their attention on individuals. Dr. Owen P. Heninger became the superintendent of USH in 1942. He recognized the need for change at the hospital, and as a result, he pioneered a new treatment philosophy. His new treatments included adopting smaller treatment units, involving patients in the implementation of their own treatment plans, and encouraging more humane treatment.
Another influential figure in USH's history is Lucy Beth Rampton, Utah's first lady in the 60s and 70s. She was a well-respected member of the community who happened to struggle with depression. Her open discussion of her illness helped quell some of the stigma surrounding mental illness, and her advocacy for treatment of mental illness helped raise awareness about mental health in Utah.
In 1969, USH's role changed. Care for the mentally ill shifted from institutional care to community-based care. Treatment was offered closer to home. USH eventually adopted the practice that it still follows today: only those with severe mental illness are admitted for ongoing treatment.
Today the Utah State Hospital provides 324 beds for Utah's mentally ill persons who require treatment in a more structured setting and are assessed to be unable to receive adequate treatment at regional centers. Those patients include children, youth, and adults. USH now provides numerous therapy options, as well as a forensics unit to rehabilitate patients who have committed criminal acts or are accused but not competent to stand trial. Patients stay at USH for an average of six months.
The hospital has developed specialized programs for children, youth, and adults. USH offers a wide variety of treatments to accommodate patients' needs. Some treatments involve physical and occupational therapy, while others, such as pediatric playgroups, community cooking, and outdoor youth activities, contribute to overall mental and emotional well-being.
Internal structure of the Utah State Hospital
Overview
The governor of Utah is in charge of USH, but day-to-day operations fall under the direction of the hospital's superintendent. The superintendent works primarily with Utah's Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health (DSAMH).
DSAMH has created a governing body to oversee the operations of USH. This body includes the superintendent, the director of DSAMH, the clinical director and the medical-staff president of USH, representatives of the Department of Human Services, patients, and patients' families. The governing body authorizes the hospital executive staff to manage the hospital's daily operations.
The superintendent reports all major matters concerning hospital operations to the governing body during regular meetings. The clinical director reports to the governing body regarding the operations of the hospital medical staff, professional discipline directors, and other clinical and administrative services.
Internal structure
The superintendent is appointed by the director of the Department of Human Services (DHS) with the joint approval of the DSAMH director. The superintendent is responsible for USH's buildings, grounds, and property. The superintendent also recommend staffing needs to the director of DSAMH and to the director of DHS.
Right now, USH has 753 employees. The state of Utah and the U.S. government provide operational policies and procedures governing personnel matters, fiscal accounting, purchasing records, and life safety. USH's on-call procedure provides 24-hour physician and administrator services.
Employee infrastructure
The executive staff of the hospital manages all USH administrative and clinical services. This executive team consists of the hospital clinical director, the assistant superintendent, the assistant clinical director, the nursing administrator, the director of Forensic and Safety Services, the chief financial officer, the human resources director, the director of quality resources, and the administrative assistants. The superintendent is responsible for hiring the members of the executive team and serves as a liaison with DSAMH, DHS, courts, the state legislature, and the governmental offices with which USH interacts. In addition, the superintendent may choose to delegate some responsibilities to the staff of the hospital.
The hospital clinical director is directly responsible for supervising the assistant clinical director and the director of medical services. In addition, the hospital clinical director supervises psychiatrists, medical consultants, directors of the professional disciplines, patient advocates, physicians, and pharmacy contracts. The assistant superintendent helps both the superintendent and the clinical director. The assistant clinical director and the admissions officer help the clinical director run the treatment mall, pastoral services, volunteer services, recreation therapy, occupational therapy, vocational rehabilitation, psychology services, social work, substance abuse rehabilitation, and other standing committees.
The nurse executive supervises the education and discipline of the nursing administrators. The director of Forensic and Safety Services assists the superintendent in monitoring security, legal services, and risk management. The chief financial officer reports financial planning and budgeting to you and the executive staff. The human resources manager is in charge of personnel. The quality resources director administers quality improvement processes.
Budget process
Each year the Utah State Legislature and the governor approve USH's budget. Over the past several years, the budget has been fairly consistent. About 80 percent of the budget comes from the general state fund, which is supported by revenue from state taxes. The remaining 20 percent comes from Medicare and Medicaid.
Expense breakdown
About 80 percent of USH's total budget covers personnel costs, and another 15 percent goes toward medication and food. The remaining 5 percent covers other overhead, which consists mainly of facility maintenance.
Patient services
The services USH provides can be broken down into three main categories: adult mental health, pediatric mental health, and forensic services.
The adult-services division provides an environment in which patients are treated with dignity and respect. Through individualized treatment, patients are eventually able to return to the community to continue their lives.
The pediatric-services division serves around 25 boys and girls from 6 to 13 years old. These children face mental, emotional, and behavioral problems. The pediatric-services division also serves about 50 youth from 14 to 18 years old. The therapies most commonly used with this age group fall into the categories of abuse treatment, anger management, emotional management, and recreational therapy.
The forensic-services division consists of four maximum-security psychiatric-treatment units and serves about 100 male and female patients. These patients are admitted to USH by mandate of the Utah District Courts. Treatment for such patients includes medication, individual, group, and family therapy, work opportunities, physical therapy, and occupational therapy.
In addition to ongoing treatment of mental illness, USH also provides chaplain services, health clinics, dietetic services, nursing services, occupational therapy, psychiatric services, psychological services, physical therapy, social services, therapeutic recreation services, and vocational rehabilitation.
Challenges
Financial and personnel challenges
Most of USH's budget covers the salaries of full- and part-time employees. The superintendent has the responsibility of recruiting, training, and retaining quality employees. Since USH cannot compete with private-sector wages, the hospital needs to be creative in offering incentives to its employees.
Social stigma surrounding mental health
Despite increased public awareness in recent years, there is still a negative stigma attached to mental health issues. Sometimes, because of this stigma, people who are mentally ill are ashamed to seek the treatment they need. In addition, the stigma may affect the amount of funding that the hospital receives in comparison to other state institutions and projects.
Limited public awareness
USH is probably one of the most secure facilities in the state, aside from the state prisons. Because it is so inaccessible to the public, members in the community often do not understand what goes on inside the hospital. Some Provo residents do not even know the hospital exists. This lack of awareness makes it difficult to educate the public about mental health and the resources that are available for victims of mental illness.
Work with third parties
USH works with other organizations on a daily basis. These organizations include mental health centers, state and federal governments, district courts, and the National Alliance on Mental Illness.
Mental health centers
In addition to USH, Utah has 13 community mental-health centers throughout Utah. These community centers are the entry point for patients who need medical attention for mental illness. Patients first receive treatment in one of the community care centers. Those patients who need extended treatment are sent to USH.
The hospital also works with acute-care facilities such as the University Neuropsychiatric Institute and Salt Lake Behavioral Health. These institutions provide temporary care for the mentally ill. As with the community care centers, if patients require long-term care they are transferred to USH.
State legislature and federal policies and funding
The state legislature is an important overseer of USH. The state legislature must approve budgets, resource reallocations, and all other major decisions.
The federal policies surrounding Medicaid are an important regulatory aspect of patient care. USH cannot provide care without Medicaid funding, so it is essential that administrators understand and abide by the regulations.
State district courts
Utah State District Court judges decide which individuals need to be admitted to USH and when they are ready to be discharged. Social workers are also involved in the treatment plan of patients.
The National Alliance on Mental Illness
The National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) initiates public-awareness campaigns and other initiatives. As superintendent, you and your colleagues will have to decide which of NAMI's initiatives you want to adopt and to what extent DSAMH and USH should implement them.
Haunted Castle
Starting October 1971 the Utah State Hospital started a "spook alley" titled the Haunted Castle, due to the stone structured amphitheater located behind the hospital in which the attraction was assembled. The Haunted Castle started off as a "closed" Halloween celebration event developed by the patients, but success with the activity eventually caused it to grow to a more public performance. The attraction was operated in a joint effort by patients and staff. Patient participation was a privilege and based on individual patient behavior and only those determined to be a minimal risk to themselves or others were allowed access to the public. Additionally, many patients not able to interact with the public were allowed to help with construction/deconstruction of the facilities used for the spook alley. The Utah State Hospital used popularity from the event to help raise public awareness of mental illness. All proceeds from the Haunted Castle went into the Utah State Hospital's recreational therapy program to subsidize improved activities that directly benefited the patients.
October 1997 was the final production put on by the State Hospital. The activity was permanently closed largely due to efforts by the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) who objected to the activity because they felt it served to stereotype the patients by linking mental illness with monsters and violence in the public's mind. Several doctors, therapists, and patients at the hospital cited that the activity produced therapeutic results unachievable elsewhere which should be taken into account, but the Utah State Legislature determined that NAMI's objections were warranted.
See also
List of hospitals in Utah
References
Utah Department of Human Services. Utah State Hospital. 2008. http://www.ush.utah.gov/mission_vision_value.html (accessed 2 Oct 2014).
Utah Department of Human Services. Utah State Hospital. 2013. http://www.ush.utah.gov/dvd_the_utah_state_hospital.html (accessed 25 Oct 2014).
Utah Department of Human Services. Utah State Hospital. 2013. http://hspolicy.utah.gov/ush (accessed 26 Oct 2014).
Personal Interview with Dallas Earnshaw, Superintendent of Utah State Hospital
External links
Photos of Utah State Hospital
Hospital buildings completed in 1885
Hospitals established in 1885
Psychiatric hospitals in Utah
Buildings and structures in Provo, Utah
1885 establishments in Utah Territory
The South Pike School District is a public school district based in Magnolia, Mississippi, United States.
In addition to Magnolia, the district also serves the town of Osyka, the community of Fernwood, as well as rural areas in southern Pike County.
Schools
High school
Grades 9-12
South Pike High School (Magnolia) (Notable alumnus: Kevin Magee (1959–2003), basketball player)
Junior high school
Grades 7-8
South Pike Junior High School (Magnolia)
Elementary schools
Grades 4-6
Magnolia Elementary School (Magnolia)
Grades K-6
Osyka Elementary School (Osyka)
Grades K-3
Eva Gordon Elementary School (Magnolia)
Other Campuses
South Pike Vocational Center (Magnolia)
South Pike Alternative School (Magnolia)
South Pike Parent Center (Magnolia)
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 1,998 students enrolled in the South Pike School District during the 2006–2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 82.58% African American, 17.22% White, 0.15% Hispanic, and 0.05% Asian. 99.9% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
Notable alumni
Carl Hampton – Civil Rights activist – Graduate of South Pike School Disrict
Davion Taylor – NFL player
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
Education in Pike County, Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
Acalolepta degener is a species of beetle in the longhorn beetle family.
References
Acalolepta
Beetles described in 1873
List of side effects of estradiol which may occur as a result of its use or have been associated with estrogen and/or progestogen therapy includes:
Gynecological: changes in vaginal bleeding, dysmenorrhea, increase in size of uterine leiomyomata, vaginitis including vaginal candidiasis, changes in cervical secretion and cervical ectropion, ovarian cancer, endometrial hyperplasia, endometrial cancer, nipple discharge, galactorrhea, fibrocystic breast changes and breast cancer.
Cardiovascular: chest pain, deep and superficial venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, thrombophlebitis, myocardial infarction, stroke, and increased blood pressure.
Gastrointestinal: nausea and vomiting, abdominal cramps, bloating, diarrhea, dyspepsia, dysuria, gastritis, cholestatic jaundice, increased incidence of gallbladder disease, pancreatitis, or enlargement of hepatic hemangiomas.
Cutaneous: chloasma or melasma (which may continue despite discontinuation of the drug), erythema multiforme, erythema nodosum, otitis media, hemorrhagic eruption, loss of scalp hair, pruritus, or rash.
Ocular: retinal vascular thrombosis, steepening of corneal curvature or intolerance to contact lenses.
Central: headache, migraine, dizziness, chorea, nervousness/anxiety, mood disturbances, irritability, changes in libido, worsening of epilepsy, and increased risk of dementia.
Others: changes in weight, reduced carbohydrate tolerance, worsening of porphyria, edema, arthralgias, bronchitis, leg cramps, hemorrhoids, urticaria, angioedema, anaphylactic reactions, syncope, toothache, tooth disorder, urinary incontinence, hypocalcemia, exacerbation of asthma, and increased triglycerides.
References
External links
All Side Effects
Estradiol
Estradiol
Carmen Anhorn (born 5 August 1956) is a Swiss operatic soprano and mezzo-soprano.
Life
Born in Lucerne, Anhorn studied from 1975 to 1980 at the Musikhochschule Zurich with Sylvia Gähwiller and Carol Smith. From 1980 to 1982, she received her diploma in the opera studio of the Bavarian State Opera Munich lessons from Brigitte Fassbaender. From 1982 to 1988, she was a soloist at the Bavarian State Opera, first as coloratura soprano, especially as soubrette. From 1985 she received wide acclaim from Leonore Kirschstein in Augsburg and from 1987 she performed mainly as a mezzo-soprano.
Anhorn gave guest performances at the Hamburg State Opera, the Deutsche Oper am Rhein, the Alte Oper, La Scala, the Teatro Comunale di Firenze, the Gran Teatre del Liceu Barcelona, the Vlaamse Opera in Antwerp and Ghent, at the Opéra de Nice, the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux, the Vienna Volksoper, the Teatro Massimo, the Osterfestspiele Salzburg and the Bayreuth Festival. As a concert singer, she has performed at the Bachwoche Ansbach and made guest appearances in several European countries.
Her stage repertoire includes Barbarina and Cherubino in Le nozze di Figaro, Zerlina in Don Giovanni, Despina in Così fan tutte, Papagena in Die Zauberflöte, Amor in Orfeo ed Euridice, Woglinde in Das Rheingold, Musetta in La Bohème, Najade and the composer in Ariadne auf Naxos and Dorella in Das Liebesverbot.
Anhorn can be heard on several CD recordings with parts from Elektra, Feuersnot, The Queen of Spades, Tiefland, Peer Gynt, Rienzi and Iphigénie en Tauride.
References
External links
Swiss operatic sopranos
Swiss mezzo-sopranos
1956 births
Living people
People from Lucerne
Enea is a Polish power industry company based in Poznań. Enea is the fourth largest energy group in Poland. As of December 2017, its share in the domestic electricity sales market was 13%.
Enea Group is the vice-leader in electricity production in Poland – in 2018 it generated 26.5 TWh.
Business areas
The Enea Group was created from the merger of five power plants (Poznań, Bydgoszcz, Szczecin, Zielona Góra and Gorzów Wielkopolski), as well as from subsequent acquisitions (including Kozienice Power Plant and Połaniec Power Plant). The first name of the company was: Grupa Energetyczna Enea. On July 1, 2007, in accordance with the European Union directive, the distribution system operator was separated from the group – the company Enea Operator. The Group operates in the following voivodships: West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Lubusz Voivodeship, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Greater Poland Voivodeship, (to a small extent) Lower Silesian Voivodeship, Pomeranian Voivodeship (five distribution areas of Enea Operator) and in Masovian Voivodeship (Enea Wytwarzanie), Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (Enea Połaniec), Podlaskie Voivodeship (Enea Ciepło) and Lublin Voivodeship (LW Bogdanka).
Enea Sa, operates in sectors of the energy market:
coal mining (Lubelski Węgiel Bogdanka SA)
generation of electricity (Enea Wytwarzanie sp., whose main asset is Kozienice Power Plant)
distribution (Enea Operator sp.)
energy trade (Enea SA – retail trade, Enea Trading sp. – wholesale trade)
Enea also conducts business in other areas of generation, distribution and sale of heat (MPEC Białystok, MEC Piła, PEC Oborniki) and lighting services (Enea Oświetlenie sp.).
References
Electric power companies of Poland
Companies listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange
Companies based in Poznań
Polish brands
Polish companies established in 2003
Energy companies established in 2003
The following is a list of international organization leaders in 2016.
UN organizations
Political and economic organizations
Financial organizations
Sports organizations
Other organizations
See also
List of state leaders in 2016
List of religious leaders in 2016
List of international organization leaders in 2015
List of international organization leaders in 2017
References
2016
2016 in international relations
Lists of office-holders in 2016
Marit Svarva Henriksen (27 April 1925 – 9 June 2014) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
She was born in Skogn. She attended folk high school, worked for Televerket in Skogn for 25 years before being hired by Stjørdal Municipality in 1966. She later attended the Nordic folk high school in Geneva (1960) as well as several other courses.
She was elected as a local politician in Skogn, later Levanger, together with her twin sister, and was also a member of Nord-Trøndelag county council. She finished her service in Levanger city council in 2003. She served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Nord-Trøndelag during the terms 1958–1961, 1961–1965 and 1969–1973. In total she met during 10 days of parliamentary session.
She also became known as head of the jury in the 1983 court case against serial killer Arnfinn Nesset.
References
1925 births
2014 deaths
People from Levanger
Deputy members of the Storting
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Politicians from Nord-Trøndelag
Women members of the Storting
The 2013 Sports Lottery Cup Wuxi Classic was a professional ranking snooker tournament held between 17 and 23 June 2013 at the Wuxi City Sports Park Stadium in Wuxi, China. It was the first ranking event of the 2013/2014 season.
The tournament was the first to use the new format, similar to the one used in the minor-ranking Players Tour Championship events, where every player, including members of the top 16, started in the first round. Some of the sport's biggest names did not reach the tournament's final stage. Reigning world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan withdrew for personal reasons shortly before his qualifying match against Michael Wasley. World number one Mark Selby lost his qualifying match 3–5 to Andrew Pagett. World number four Shaun Murphy also exited the tournament at the qualifying stage, losing 1–5 to Alex Davies.
Nine-time women's world champion Reanne Evans defeated Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh 5–4 in her qualifying match to become the first woman ever to reach the final stages of a major professional ranking tournament. Evans was chosen as one of four players to play against local opponents in the wildcard round, and she lost 2–5 against Chinese teenager Zhu Yinghui.
Ricky Walden was the defending champion, but he lost 2–5 against Jimmy White in the last 64.
Neil Robertson won his eighth ranking title by defeating John Higgins 10–7 in the final. Robertson also made the 98th official maximum break during his qualifying match against Mohamed Khairy. This was Robertson's second 147 break and the first in the 2013/2014 season.
Prize fund
The total prize money of the event was raised to £470,000 from the previous year's £400,000. This is £45,000 more than what was announced in 2012. The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Winner: £80,000
Runner-up: £35,000
Semi-final: £20,000
Quarter-final: £11,500
Last 16: £8,000
Last 32: £6,500
Last 64: £3,000
Non-televised the highest break: £0
Televised the highest break: £2,000
Non-televised maximum break: £3,000
Total: £470,000
Wildcard round
These matches were played in Wuxi on 17 June 2013.
Main draw
Final
Qualifying
These matches were held between 27 and 29 May 2013 at The Capital Venue in Gloucester, England. All matches were best of 9 frames.
Century breaks
Qualifying stage centuries
147, 121 Neil Robertson
139 Tian Pengfei
135 John Astley
135 Lyu Haotian
133 Dominic Dale
132 Joe Perry
131 Steve Davis
129, 109, 108 Judd Trump
127 Ricky Walden
121 Stuart Bingham
116, 106 Ding Junhui
116 Kurt Maflin
115 Martin Gould
112 Anthony Hamilton
111, 108 Mark Allen
111, 104 Marco Fu
111 Ben Woollaston
110 Peter Lines
105 Thepchaiya Un-Nooh
102 Mark Williams
100 Dechawat Poomjaeng
100 Jamie Cope
100 Gary Wilson
Televised stage centuries
138, 116, 101 John Higgins
138, 103 David Morris
127 Anthony Hamilton
125 Jimmy Robertson
122, 115 Marco Fu
122, 102 Cao Yupeng
120 Robert Milkins
117, 104 Fergal O'Brien
117 Adam Duffy
115 Lu Ning
113, 111 Neil Robertson
106, 100, 100 David Gilbert
105 Stuart Bingham
104 Matthew Stevens
104 Mark Williams
102 Scott Donaldson
100 Jack Lisowski
100 Peter Lines
References
External links
2013 Wuxi Classic – Pictures by Tai Chengzhe at Facebook
2013
2013 in snooker
2013 in Chinese sport
The 4707th Air Defense Wing is a discontinued United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the 26th Air Division of Air Defense Command (ADC) at Otis Air Force Base, Massachusetts where it was discontinued in 1956.
The wing was established in 1952 at Otis as the 4707th Defense Wing in a general reorganization of ADC, which replaced wings responsible for a base with wings responsible for a geographical area. It assumed control of several fighter Interceptor squadrons that had been assigned to the 33d Fighter-Interceptor Wing. In early 1953 it also was assigned six radar squadrons in New England, some of which were Air National Guard squadrons mobilized for the Korean War and its dispersed fighter squadrons were combined with colocated air base squadrons into air defense groups. The wing was discontinued in 1956 and its units transferred to other ADC commands, primarily the 33d Fighter Wing for units at Otis and the 26th Air Division for units at other locations.
History
Origin
The wing was organized at the beginning of February 1952 as part of a major reorganization of Air Defense Command (ADC) fighter units responding to ADC's difficulty under the existing wing base organizational structure in deploying fighter squadrons to best advantage. The wing replaced the 33d Fighter-Interceptor Wing (FIW) at Otis Air Force Base, Massachusetts five days later and assumed control of the 33 FIW's operational elements. The wing's 564th Air Base Group assumed support responsibilities for Otis AFB from the inactivating 33d Air Base Group and 33d Maintenance & Supply Groups. The operational squadrons transferred from the 33d FIW were the 58th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (FIS) and 59th FIS at Otis AFB and the 60th FIS at Westover Air Force Base, Massachusetts. The 58th and 60th FIS flew F-86 Sabre aircraft, while the 59th FIS was equipped with F-94 Starfire aircraft. The wing also was assigned a federalized Air National Guard (ANG) squadron from the 101st FIW, the 133d FIS at Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, flying World War II era F-47 Thunderbolt aircraft. The wing mission was to train and maintain tactical flying units in state of readiness in order to defend the northeastern United States.
Shortly after joining the wing, the 58th FIS converted from F-86 to F-94 aircraft. Although it remained assigned to the wing until February 1953, the 59th FIS moved to Goose Bay Airport, Labrador on 28 October 1952 and was detached from the wing to Northeast Air Command until it was reassigned. In November its place at Otis was taken by the newly activating 437th FIS. The same month the 48th FIS activated at Grenier to replace the 133d FIS, which was inactivated and returned to the control of the ANG.
1953–1954 changes
The wing was reassigned to 32d Air Division as part of complete reorganization of Eastern Air Defense Force in February 1953. This reorganization also resulted in the activation of Air Defense Groups at ADC fighter bases, and the new groups assumed direct command of the fighter squadrons at these stations. The 564th Air Base Group redesignated as the 564th Air Defense Group and the 58th FIS was reassigned to it at Otis, The 518th Air Defense Group activated at Niagara Falls Municipal Airport, New York and was assigned the 47th FIS, which had been assigned to another wing.
Another result of this reorganization is that the wing assumed the radar detection, warning, and control mission and assigned six Aircraft Control & Warning Squadrons (AC&W Sq) to perform this mission. Two of these squadrons, the 113th AC&W Sq and the 119th AC&W Sq, were federalized ANG squadrons, which were returned to state control in December, while their personnel and equipment were transferred to the 700th AC&W Sq. In the spring of 1953, five new AC&W Sqs were activated at Grenier AFB for transfer to stations in Canada. These squadrons were all reassigned to Northeast Air Command shortly after their activation. The 614th AC&W Sq moved to Georgia and was reassigned later in December.
The wing was assigned an additional Air Defense Group in September 1954 when the 4700th Air Base Group at Stewart Air Force Base, New York was assigned an operational fighter squadron and redesignated the 4700th Air Defense Group. The 4707th was also assigned an additional radar unit two months later.
Project Arrow and replacement
In 1955, ADC implemented Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. As a result of Project Arrow, the 15th Fighter Group (Air Defense) replaced the 518th Air Defense Group at Niagara Falls, the 33d Fighter Group (Air Defense) replaced the 564th Air Defense Group at Otis. The 4700th Air Defense Group at Stewart was replaced by the 329th Fighter Group (Air Defense), although the 329th group was assigned to another wing until mid-1956 due to shifting areas of air defense responsibility.
Because Project Arrow called for fighter squadrons to be assigned to their traditional group headquarters, the 60th FIS at Westover returned to Otis and was replaced at Westover by the 337th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which took over its personnel and aircraft. Later in 1955, the wing assumed command of two other fighter squadrons, the 49th FIS at Laurence G. Hanscom Airport, Massachusetts, and the 324th FIS, which activated at Westover. Both squadrons flew F-86D aircraft.
The wing was reassigned to the 26th Air Division in March 1956 when the 26th Air Division region of responsibility was extended, resulting in reassignment of radar and interceptor aircraft units as well. Shortly thereafter, ADC reactivated Fighter Wings at its large installations and the 4707th was discontinued later that year with its equipment and personnel being reassigned to the unit it had originally replaced, now designated the 33d Fighter Wing (Air Defense).
Lineage
Designated as the 4707th Defense Wing and organized on 1 February 1952
Redesignated 4707th Air Defense Wing on 1 September 1954
Discontinued on 18 October 1956
Assignments
Eastern Air Defense Force, 1 February 1952
32d Air Division, 16 February 1953
26th Air Division, 1 March – 18 October 1956
Components
If no station is given, units were at Otis Air Force Base.
Groups
Fighter groups
15th Fighter Group (Air Defense)
Niagara Falls Airport, New York, 18 August 1955 – 1 March 1956
33d Fighter Group (Air Defense), 18 August 1955 – 18 October 1956
52d Fighter Group (Air Defense)
Suffolk County Air Force Base, New York, 1 March 1956 – 8 July 1956
329th Fighter Group (Air Defense)
Stewart AFB, New York, 8 July 1956 – 18 October 1956
Air defense groups
518th Air Defense Group
Niagara Falls Airport, New York, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
564th Air Base Group (later 564th Air Defense Group), 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
4700th Air Defense Group, 20 September 1954 – 18 August 1955
Stewart Air Force Base, New York, 20 September 1954 – 18 August 1955
Squadrons
Fighter squadrons
47th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Niagara Falls Municipal Airport, New York, 1 December 1952 – 16 February 1953
48th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, 1 November 1952 – 14 January 1953
49th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Laurence G. Hanscom Airport, Massachusetts, 15 November 1955 – 16 June 1956
58th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 6 February 1952 – 16 February 1953
59th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 6 February 1952 – 1 February 1953
60th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Westover Air Force Base, Massachusetts, 6 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
133d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, 6 February 1952 – 1 November 1952
324th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Westover Air Force Base, Massachusetts, 18 October 1955 – 18 October 1956
337th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Westover Air Force Base, Massachusetts, 18 August 1955 – 18 October 1955
437th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 27 November 1952 – 16 February 1953
Support squadrons
76th Air Base Squadron
Niagara Falls Municipal Airport, New York, 1 February 1952 – 18 February 1953
4681st Air Base Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, 1 February 1952 – 16 February 1953
Radar squadrons
113th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, 16 February 1953 – 1 December 1953
119th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 1 December 1953
614th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, 16 February 1953 – 24 December 1953
644th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Syracuse Air Force Station, New York, 1 October 1954 – July 1955, Portsmouth (later Rye AFS), New Hampshire – 18 October 1956
648th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Benton Air Force Station, Pennsylvania, 8 July 1956 – 18 October 1956
654th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Brunswick Naval Air Station, Maine, 16 February 1953 – 1 March 1956
656th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Schuylerville (later Saratoga Springs AFS), New York, 16 February 1953 – 18 October 1956
700th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, New Hampshire, 1 December 1953 – 1 May 1954
762d Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
North Truro Air Force Station, Massachusetts, 16 February 1953 – 18 October 1956
763d Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Shawnee (later Lockport Air Force Station), New York, 16 February 1953 – 1 July 1956
773d Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Montauk Air Force Station, New York, 1 March 1956 – 18 October 1956
921st Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, 26 May 1953 – 1 October 1953
922d Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, 26 May 1953 – 1 October 1953
923d Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, 13 June 1953 – 1 November 1953
924th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, 13 June 1953 – 1 December 1953
926th Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron
Grenier Air Force Base, 13 June 1953 – 1 December 1953
Stations
Otis Air Force Base, Massachusetts, 6 February 1952 – 18 October 1956
Aircraft
F-47D, 1952–1953
F-80C, 1952–1953
F-86A, 1952
F-86D, 1953–1956
F-86E, 1952–1953
F-89D, 1955–1956
F-89H, 1956
F-94B, 1952–1953
F-94C, 1953–1955
See also
List of MAJCOM wings
List of United States Air Force Aerospace Defense Command Interceptor Squadrons
List of United States Air Force aircraft control and warning squadrons
References
Notes
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, (1956)
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
Further reading
4707
Air defense wings of the United States Air Force
Military units and formations established in 1952
Military units and formations disestablished in 1956
Military units and formations in Massachusetts
"Get Your Lie the Way You Want It"' is a song written by Billy Mize, which was recorded by American country artist Bonnie Guitar. The song was released as a single in June 1966 and peaked at number fourteen on the Billboard Magazine Hot Country Singles chart. "Get Your Lie the Way You Want It" became Guitar's fourth major hit as a musical artist. It was later released on Guitar's 1966 album entitled, Miss Bonnie Guitar on Dot Records.
Chart performance
References
1966 singles
Bonnie Guitar songs
1966 songs
Song recordings produced by George Richey
Dot Records singles
Sanjoel is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 806, in 111 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Abodh Bandhu Bahuguna (15 June 1927 – 2004) was a Hindi and Garhwali writer and poet. He is known for his poems, epics, plays, folk-literature, and essays.
Biography
Bahuguna was born in Jhala village, Chalaansyun, Pauri, Garhwal in what is presently Uttarakhand. He completed his Masters (M.A.) education in Hindi and Political Science from Nagpur University, served in the Uttar Pradesh State Service and retired as Deputy Director, Government of India. Bahuguna was a prolific writer and continued freelance writing after his retirement from his professional life.
Selected publications
Garhwali Language
Bhumyal
Parvati
Ghol
Daisat
Kankhila
Gaad
Myateki Ganga
Shailvani
Hindi Language
Dadga Hridaya
Aranya Rodan
Chakrachal
Doobta Hua Gaon
Awards
Abodh Bandhu Bahuguna received 2 awards from the Uttar Pradesh government and was also honoured with the Jai Shree Samman.
References
1927 births
2004 deaths
Indian poets
Indian writers
"Amnesia" is a song by the American rock band Red Sun Rising. It was released on May 25, 2016 on their third album Polyester Zeal as the third single.
Charts
References
2015 songs
2016 singles
Razor & Tie singles
Song recordings produced by Bob Marlette
Kevin Dorff (born August 2, 1966) is an American actor and comedian known for his work as a writer and sketch performer on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien, the former of which he won a Primetime Emmy for in 2007. Dorff co-starred as "Mike the Federal Agent" on the first season of the Adult Swim series Delocated with his former Late Night colleague Jon Glaser. His character was written off the show at the start of season two, as Dorff was in Los Angeles writing for The Tonight Show at the time, while Delocated is filmed in New York City. Dorff returned to work on Delocated as a writer in season three. He has recently been a writer for Review and has made one appearance on the show.
Dorff has made guest appearances on television programs such as TV Funhouse, Nick Swardson's Pretend Time, Important Things with Demetri Martin, 30 Rock, Parks and Recreation, The Office, Detroiters, Arrested Development, and Brooklyn Nine-Nine. In 2019, he portrayed Bill O'Reilly in the film Bombshell.
Recurring characters on Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Coked-up Werewolf
Jesus Christ
Mansy the half-man/half-pansy
Joe's Bartender
Todd the Tiny Guy
Crazy Chainsaw Murderer Guy
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Male actors from Chicago
American male comedians
American male television actors
American television writers
American male television writers
Screenwriters from Illinois
Comedians from Illinois
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American screenwriters
21st-century American male writers
The British Physics Olympiad (BPhO) is a series of ten competitions in the study of physics for students in years 11–13 in the United Kingdom.
On a day-to-day basis, the BPhO is run by five committee members as well as a large team of volunteer physics teachers and academics from across the UK. The BPhO's administrative office is based in the Denys Wilkinson Building of the Department of Physics at the University of Oxford. The BPhO is a charitable trust.
History
Founded in 1979, the BPhO has been used as a qualifier for selection into the UK Physics Team for the International Physics Olympiad. The organisation aims to encourage the study of Physics and through ten annual Physics and Astronomy & Astrophysics competitions. Competitions include: Round 1, Round 2, Physics Challenge (Year 13), Experimental Project, Intermediate Physics Challenge (Year 11), Senior Physics Challenge (Y12) and BAAO.
BPhO Round 1
The BPhO Round 1 is a two-sectioned paper consisting of Section A and Section B, both lasting for 1 hour and 20 minutes (+5 mins reading for section B). Section A has only one question, with many independent parts that test the candidate on a variety of topics in physics. Section A can be awarded a maximum of 50 marks, even though the total marks are higher than 50.
Section B consists of several questions, each question involves a more specific topic in physics. Candidates are required to choose 2 questions out of Section B. The maximum marks awarded is also 50.
BPhO Round 2
The second round consists of several questions, in which all should be attempted. Total time allowed for the exam is 3 hours.
International Physics Olympiad
Following Round 2, the best students eligible to represent the UK at the International Physics Olympiad (IPhO) will be invited to attend the Training Camp. Problem-solving skills will be developed, practical skills enhanced, as well as some coverage of new material (Thermodynamics, Relativity, etc.). At the Training Camp a practical exam is sat as well as a short Theory Paper. Five students (and a reserve) will be selected for further training. From May there will be mentoring by email to cover some topics and problems.
References
External links
BPhO website
1979 establishments in the United Kingdom
Annual events in the United Kingdom
Charities based in the United Kingdom
Education competitions in the United Kingdom
Organisations associated with the University of Oxford
Physics competitions
Physics education in the United Kingdom
Recurring events established in 1979
Mehura is a village in West Champaran district of Bihar, India.
Language is Bhojpuri and Hindi
Villages in West Champaran district
The 519th Military Intelligence Battalion is a unit of the United States Army.
The battalion was first created in 1948. The battalion served in the Vietnam War; the Invasion of Grenada; the Invasion of Panama; Desert Storm; the Invasion of Afghanistan; and the Invasion of Iraq. Additionally, Company A served in the Korean War prior to the formation of the battalion as the 523d Military Intelligence Company.
History
The 519th Military Intelligence Battalion was activated on 15 October 1948 at Fort Riley, Kansas. Elements of the battalion served in the Republic of Korea from 1951 until 1954, participating in seven campaigns and earning one Meritorious Unit Commendation and two Republics of Korea Presidential Unit Citations. The battalion was inactivated in 1954. On 25 January 1958, the 519th Military Intelligence (MI) Battalion (BN) (Airborne (ABN)) was reactivated at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. In May 1965, the 519th MI BN (ABN) deployed to the Dominican Republic for Operation Powerpack, where it supported the 82nd Airborne Division and the U.S. Marines in combating the Communist insurgency on the Caribbean island. In late summer of 1965 the 519th MI BN redeployed back to FT Bragg, NC and deployed to the Republic of Vietnam in November 1965. During the Vietnam War, the battalion again left the United States and distinguished itself by participating in sixteen campaigns and earning three Meritorious Unit Commendations.
In 1972, the battalion returned to Fort Bragg. After several reorganizations, the battalion officially achieved a three-company configuration in September 1978, with Headquarters, Headquarters & Service Company; Company A (Interrogation); and Company B (Counterintelligence). In April 1981, the Forces Command Intelligence Training Detachment (FITD) was attached to the battalion, bringing with it the mission of training Army Reserve and National Guard units throughout the United States. On 16 April 1982, the battalion was reorganized and redesignated the 519th Military Intelligence Battalion (Tactical Exploitation) (Airborne), resulting in the activation of Company C (Electronic Warfare). Since then the battalion has reorganized one more time. In 1995, Company C was deactivated and Company F, 51st Infantry (Long Range Surveillance) was assigned to the battalion to provide the Corps with long range surveillance capability. About 2007, during the reconfiguration of the 525th MI Brigade to a Battlefield Surveillance Brigade (BFSB), Company F, 51st Infantry was redesignated C Troop (ABN), 1st Squadron, 38th Cavalry Regiment (1-38th CAV) and was removed from the control of the 519th MI BN and reassigned to 1-38th CAV, which is another subordinate battalion in the 525th BFSB. Subsequently, C Co. 519th MI BN was reactivated as a line company in the 519th MI BN.
The battalion participated in combat operations in Grenada (Operation Urgent Fury) in November 1983, Panama (Operation Just Cause) in December 1989, and in the Kuwaiti Theater of Operations (KTO) (Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm) and was subordinate to the 525th MI Brigade (CEWI) (ABN), as part of the XVIII Airborne Corps, under Third US Army during the deployment in the KTO from August 1990 to March 1991.
During the 1990s, the 519th MI BN participated in Peace Keeping Operations in Haiti (Operation Restore Democracy), Bosnia (Operations Joint Endeavor and Joint Forge) and Kosovo (Operation Joint Guardian). The 519th MI BN also deployed individual Tactical Human Intelligence Teams to Somalia in support of Operation Restore Hope.
The 519th Military Intelligence Battalion is a subordinate unit of the 525th Expeditionary Military Intelligence Brigade, provides tactical HUMINT, long range reconnaissance and surveillance, counterintelligence, interrogation, multi-functional collection and exploitation, and SIGINT support within assigned areas of the Division, Corps, Joint Task Force (JTF) or Multi-National Force area of operations.
During the Global War on Terrorism, 519th MI BN has repeatedly deployed for combat operations in both Afghanistan and Iraq. The 519th MI BN served in Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) I, OEF III, OEF IV, Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) I, OIF IV, and OEF XII and has continued to distinguish itself as one of the elite intelligence battalions in the military. "Always Out Front"!
The battalion redeployed back to FT Bragg, NC after serving in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom XI, from July 2010 to July 2011, under the command of LTC Anthony "Tony" Hale as part of Combined Joint Task Force (CJTF) 101. While in Afghanistan, the 519th MI Battalion was headquartered out of Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan, with its units deployed throughout Regional Command East. The 519th MI BN is commanded by LTC Kevin McAninch, who assumed command on 4 August 2011 from LTC (P) Tony Hale.
Unit organization
The battalion has undergone various reorganizations. In addition to a headquarters company it has contained:
Company A -- interrogation;
Company B -- counter-intelligence;
Company C -- electronic warfare (deactivated); (in Vietnam this was Field Operations Intelligence/Collection not EW)
Training company—the Forces Command Intelligence Training Detachment—trains reservists;
Company F -- 51 Infantry Long Range Surveillance Company
45th Military Intelligence Company -- order of battle analysis and imagery interpretation (in Vietnam provided intelligence analysts to the Combined Intelligence Center, Vietnam (CICV) and the Combined Material Exploitation Center (CMEC), deactivated March 1973)
Recent controversies
Bagram torture and prisoner abuse
A platoon of Company A of the 519th, under the command of then Lieutenant Carolyn Wood was implicated in the use of unauthorized interrogation techniques, physical abuse, sexual abuse and the deaths in custody of captives during the fall of 2002.
Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse
Wood was promoted to captain and placed in command of Company A in 2003 prior to the assignment of the company to lead the interrogations at Abu Ghraib. According to the Fay Report Wood played a key role in the importation of extended interrogation
techniques the Bush Administration had claimed could be used against illegal combatants in Afghanistan to Iraq where prisoners were still entitled to the protections of the Geneva Conventions.
Personnel in Company A were implicated in the sexual abuse of captives, and were alleged to have provided guidance to military police to abuse prisoners to soften them up for interrogation.
Decorations
Vietnam
Meritorious Unit Commendation, inscription: VIETNAM 1968-1969
Meritorious Unit Commendation, inscription: VIETNAM 1970
Meritorious Unit Commendation, inscription: VIETNAM 1971-1972
Operation Iraqi Freedom
Meritorious Unit Commendation 2007
See also
Prisoner abuse
References
519
Ernie Santilli is an American writer, musician and performer better known under the pen name of Stately Wayne Manor. He is best known for his participation in professional wrestling as the longtime magazine columnist for Power Slam and Wrestling World.
Career
Music
Self-taught, Manor became competent in songwriting, synthesizer, drum set and related percussion instruments, harmonica, vocals and electric bass. He performed in a public demonstration with synthesizer inventor Dr. Robert Moog. He also wrote three articles for Modern Drummer magazine.
Stately is one of the "Sigma Kids," a group of eleven (among dozens) of David Bowie devotees who kept a ten-day vigil outside the studio and band's hotel during the recording of Young Americans rewarded afterwards with an exclusive listening party hosted by Bowie, as documented in Rolling Stone magazine. In 2007, a special CD/DVD re-release of the album features Manor visible in four photos in the enclosed booklet. Photos from the event also appear in books about Bowie and the original supermodel, Gia, as well as on the SWM website ‘Photos' archive. The May 2014 issue of Britain's Mojo magazine, in an article chronicling the YA sessions, featured two photos from said booklet, including a never-before-released color version of one, capturing Stately in the foreground. The same photo ran in the September 2016 editing of Wax Poetics magazine. Inspired by the Sigma experience, Manor assembled a short-lived band, recruiting bassist Gail Ann Dorsey.
In the latter half of the Seventies, Stately became deeply immersed in the emerging punk rock music scene. He was a regular and occasional performer at Philadelphia's Hot Club and frequented NYC venues such as CBGB and Max's Kansas City, regularly sleeping on the couch of future recording-engineer superstar Bob Clearmountain while in New York. Manor was also slated to drum behind former Sex Pistol Sid Vicious on the Philly date of the latter's aborted "solo tour." Additionally, he wrote the liner notes for the aborted Cheetah Chrome debut solo album on Polish Records. (Stately did receive a 'Thank You' on that label's release "Siren" by Ronnie Spector.)
Professional wrestling
Manor later regained interest in a childhood hobby, professional wrestling, and was particularly drawn towards the "heel" (‘bad guy') characters.
Manor eventually broke into the sport as a feature writer in 1984 and, in 1986, as a pro-heel columnist for Wrestling World magazine. Manor expanded into color commentating, managing grapplers, performing in-ring skits and ghostwriting wisecracks for the performers. Manor was a color commentator for the ECW promotion (in their pre-Extreme days). He is also the first American magazine writer to give international exposure to Sabu, Rey Misterio, Sean Waltman, John Cena, Sandman and Victoria/Tara (Lisa Marie Varon).
During 1993, in the midst of his 17-year Wrestling World' employment, Manor debuted a second villain-praising column in the British Power Slam. The combined consecutive tenures make Manor the longest-running magazine columnist in pro wrestling history.
Other media
Print
Stately takes on the general public via ‘'On Manor's Mind'' rants for the alternative set, and rages about inane celebrities in his SNAPS—Suckas Needing A Pimp Slap—Of The Month column.
A lifelong fan of obscure so-bad-they're-good films, Stately also authors ‘'Manor On Movies'', an affectionate homage to the genre, and one of the earliest columns of its kind still regularly published. It is available in hard copy and on a few websites besides its own, e.g. The Spinning Image. His long-term side project is a book dedicated to the horror/sci-fi end of what Manor has dubbed "junkfilms."
Other journals that have carried Stately's work, under the Manor moniker or otherwise, include Inside Karate, Video Review, People (Australia), Filmfax, Tuber's Voice (the originators of the term ‘couch potato'), Comic Release, Carbon 14, and Brutarian, to name a few. In addition, he has repeatedly scored ‘Dishonorable Mention' in the annual international Bulwer-Lytton Fiction Contest, where the challenge is to compose the worst possible opening line for a novel.
Radio and television
In character, Manor has guested on radio programs throughout the US and Canada, including morning drive time shows in Philadelphia and New York City.
Manor was once booked on Sneak Previews Goes Video—an Eighties reworking of the popular movie-review program—to discuss wrestling videos, but the segment was red-lighted by PBS executives who considered the subject matter "too lowbrow."
Video
Stately can be heard providing color commentary on two volumes from the Pro Wrestling From Japan series, Bam Bam Bigelow And Friends, and Bruiser Brody Memorial, both featuring the American stars as they toured with the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion in the late Eighties. A few tapes of his work with primordial ECW were briefly marketed, as well. In July 2019 WWE Network made some of these extremely early ECW matches available in their Hidden Gems section.
References
General
Specific
External links
Home of the Manor On Movies reviews
Stately States wrestling column site
Sigma Kids sessions recollections by Stately
Another chronicle of the ‘'Young Americans'' sessions and the involvement of the Sigma Kids
Reprint of the Rolling Stone coverage of the Young Americans sessions and party
Bulwer-Lytton contest and origin explained in detail
Bulwer-Lytton 1999 honors "as Ernie Santilli"
Bulwer-Lytton 2010 honors
''Power Slam'' website
411 Mania's Top Ten Pro Wrestling Magazine rankings
Online World Of Wrestling salute to wrestling magazines with SWM reference
Power Slam tribute with SWM reference
Early ECW Years feature
Bruiser Brody Memorial video reviewed at Rotten Tomatoes
Bam Bam Bigelow And Friends reviewed at Rotten Tomatoes
Betty Paginated review
Professional wrestling managers and valets
Living people
American columnists
American humorists
American rock drummers
American film critics
Year of birth missing (living people)
"My Heart Takes Over" is the third and final single released from British-Irish girl group The Saturdays' third studio album On Your Radar (2011). The song was written by Ina Wroldsen and Steve Mac and produced by Mac. The single was released on 11 November 2011 in Ireland and on 13 November 2011 in the UK by Polydor Records. The single is their twelfth overall single released to date. It debuted and peaked at number 15 in the UK Singles Chart on 20 November 2011. This became their first single to not sell over 100,000 copies
Promotion and live performances
There was less promotion for this single, than previous, due to Una Healy being pregnant at the time, and with tour rehearsals for the "All Fired Up Tour" taking place throughout November. However, on 1 November 2011, the band performed the track in the center of Oxford Street during the Christmas Lights switch-on. Following this, on 18 November 2011 The Saturdays performed the song at the Children in Need event, as well as on Loose Women and Daybreak the following week.
The band also performed the track during the "All Fired Up Tour" which took place throughout December. The tour was used as a key source of promotion for the song, and the album, On Your Radar. On tour, the band performed the song in female Santa Claus outfit, whilst filling the arenas, such as Wembley Arena with snow.
Music video
The girls flew over to Iceland on 30 September 2011 to shoot the music video for the song, which was directed by Elisha Smith-Leverock. A 57-second teaser was released onto YouTube on 10 October 2011 and finally the full video premiered on Vevo on 11 October 2011 The radio edit of the song was used in the video.
Formats and track listings
CD single
"My Heart Takes Over" (radio edit) – 3:44
"So Stupid" – 3:22
UK digital single
"My Heart Takes Over" (radio edit) – 3:44
"My Heart Takes Over" (karaoke version) – 4:08
"So Stupid" – 3:22
"My Heart Takes Over" (Rokstone Mix) – 3:55
"My Heart Takes Over" (Ambient Mix) (iTunes pre-order only) – 4:04
Digital Radio Remixes EP
"My Heart Takes Over" – 4:06
"My Heart Takes Over" (Digital Dog Radio Edit) – 3:31
"My Heart Takes Over" (Soulseekerz Radio Edit) – 3:34
"My Heart Takes Over" (Richard Dinsdale Radio Edit) – 2:46
"My Heart Takes Over" (High Level Radio Edit) – 3:51
"My Heart Takes Over" (Oxford Hustlers Radio Edit) – 3:37
"My Heart Takes Over" (Steve More Radio Edit) – 4:20
Digital Club Remixes
"My Heart Takes Over" (Digital Dog Club Edit) – 6:37
"My Heart Takes Over" (Soulseekerz Club Edit) – 6:39
"My Heart Takes Over" (Richard Dinsdale Club Edit) – 6:45
"My Heart Takes Over" (High Level Club Edit) – 7:38
"My Heart Takes Over" (Oxford Hustlers Club Edit) – 6:44
"My Heart Takes Over" (Steve More Club Edit) – 6:51
Revamped Version
"My Heart Takes Over" (Radio Edit) – 3:44
"So Stupid" – 3:22
"My Heart Takes Over" (Rokstone Mix) – 3:55
"My Heart Takes Over" (Ambient Mix) – 4:04
"My Heart Takes Over" (Digital Dog Radio Edit) – 3:31
"My Heart Takes Over" (Soulseekerz Radio Edit) – 3:34
"My Heart Takes Over" (Richard Dinsdale Radio Edit) – 2:46
"My Heart Takes Over" (High Level Radio Edit) – 3:51
"My Heart Takes Over" (Oxford Hustlers Radio Edit) – 3:37
"My Heart Takes Over" (Steve More Radio Edit) – 4:20
"My Heart Takes Over" (Karaoke Version) – 4:08
Chart performance
Release history
References
2010s ballads
2011 songs
2011 singles
The Saturdays songs
Songs written by Steve Mac
Songs written by Ina Wroldsen
Pop ballads
Song recordings produced by Steve Mac
Music videos shot in Iceland
Polydor Records singles
Chris Tse (born 19 June 1989) (Chinese name: 謝聖文) is a Canadian spoken-word poet, motivational speaker, and hip hop artist of Chinese descent. A former speaker for Me to We, he has toured extensively with the Kenyan Boys Choir and in We Days across Canada.
Born in Vancouver and raised in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Tse attended Carleton University in Ottawa where he received his bachelor's degree in journalism. He began performing spoken-word in his second year of his undergraduate studies. In 2009, he won the Vancouver poetry slam with his poem I'm Sorry I'm a Christian, and in the following year he won the Capital Slam championship in Ottawa. He went on to captain the Capital Slam team to victory in the national championship. Since then, he has performed across Canada, the United States, Europe, Asia, and Ghana in various slams as a featured poet. He has given performances twice with TED and has also made an appearance at SPEAKout. In 2011 Tse represented Canada at the Poetry Slam World Cup in Paris and won second place.
Besides spoken word, Tse has worked in Ghana as a human rights reporter with Journalists for Human Rights. In 2016, he resigned from his speaker and leadership facilitator roles at Me to me. He is also the founder of the blog Fish With legs.
With a passion for Social Justice and his work as a speaker for Youth, Tse remarks: I've always been social-justice minded. Growing up in Coquitlam, it wasn't a rough upbringing, but every city has its issues and some friends from high school did end up doing drugs and getting involved in gangs. My parents raised me to learn about the world and see the disparity that exists.
Bibliography
Ode to My Afro - Selected works
Ode to My Afro - Audio recordings of selected works
Notable poems
I'm Sorry I'm a Christian
Railroad
Greatness
My McDonald's Girl
Wake Up
Euthanasia for the Youth in Asia
Jobs
Sine Metu (for Jameson Whiskey)
See also
Slam poetry
References
1989 births
Canadian people of Chinese descent
21st-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
Canadian spoken word poets
Living people
Slam poets
People from Coquitlam
Writers from Vancouver
21st-century Canadian male writers
Kabare Territory is a territory in South Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the western side of Lake Kivu.
Kabare Territory is the home region of the Shi people.It is the capital of Bushi Kingdom, located in the South Kivu Province, Eastern Congo. The King of this Chiefdom is Mwami Kabare Nnabushi.
History
Kabare Territory was the central part of the former Bushi Kingdom between the Mitumba Mountains and Lake Kivu.
People of Kabare Territory are Bashi or Shi people, speaking Mashi or Shi language. They are mainly farmers and small business entrepreneurs.
On 7 August 2015 the 2015 South Kivu earthquake, a magnitude 5.8 earthquake, struck north northeast of Kabare at a depth of .
Geography
Kabare Territory is located in the far eastern Congo on the western shores of Lake Kivu. Part of Kahuzi-Biéga National Park is located in Kabare Territory.
Kabare Territory borders the country of Rwanda to the east, across Lake Kivu. It borders the territories of Kalehe in the north; Shabunda in the west, Walungu in the south, and Idjwi (an island in the middle of the Lake Kivu) also to the east.
Notes and references
Populated places in South Kivu
Territories of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
To Crack the Dragon Gate or Du zhang zhen long men is a 1970 Hong Kong action film directed by Fung Chi Kong in his last picture. The film stars Josephine Siao and Kenneth Tsang.
Cast
Josephine Siao
Kenneth Tsang
Petrina Fung
Lam Kau
Yam Yin
Kwan Hoi San
Yuk-Yi Yung
Yeung Yip Wang
Hui Ying Sau
Ho Pak Kwong
References
External links
To Crack the Dragon Gate at HKcinemamagic.com
film at senscritique.com
1970 films
Hong Kong films
1970s action films
1970s Cantonese-language films
1970s Hong Kong films
Hyner View State Park is a Pennsylvania state park in Chapman Township, Clinton County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is east of Renovo and north of Hyner on Pennsylvania Route 120 (Route 120 here is also known as Bucktail State Park Natural Area). Hyner View State Park is surrounded by Sproul State Forest.
Hyner View State Park is from Hyner Run State Park and is administered from there. The lookout area is bordered by a large stone wall that was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps during the Great Depression. The current access road from Hyner Run State park was built in 1949 (it also connects to a dirt road that leads to Pennsylvania Route 44). After the new access road opened, the first Flaming Fall Foliage Festival was held at the park. It has since outgrown the park and is currently held in nearby Renovo. The park was officially transferred to the Bureau of State Parks in 1965.
The park overlook is at an elevation of above sea level. The West Branch Susquehanna River here is at an elevation of , so the overlook is above the river. Hyner View State Park was chosen by the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources (DCNR) and its Bureau of Parks as one of "25 Must-See Pennsylvania State Parks".
The park is the location of a scenic lookout and a contains a launching point for hang gliding. Visitors to Hyner View State Park can see the West Branch Susquehanna River for many miles both up and downstream. Hang gliders can be launched from a ramp just below the lookout wall and glide over the river valley. The park has a small picnic area, a parking area, and restrooms.
Fire Wardens Monument
Hyner View State Park is the site of a monument to the state's forest fire wardens, erected in 1965 by the Forest Inspectors Association. The monument consists of a large monolith with a plaque reading "1915 - 1965 Dedicated to the Forest Fire Wardens of Pennsylvania in recognition of their faithful service to the Commonwealth during the past fifty years".
The monolith is at the head of a low, keystone-shaped concrete wall. On each of the two long sides of the keystone are ten stones, one for each of the twenty state forests in Pennsylvania. Each stone is a rough cube in shape and each was taken from its respective state forest.
Nearby state parks
The following state parks are within of Hyner View State Park:
Bald Eagle State Park (Centre County)
Bucktail State Park Natural Area (Cameron and Clinton Counties)
Cherry Springs State Park (Potter County)
Colton Point State Park (Tioga County)
Hyner Run State Park (Clinton County)
Kettle Creek State Park (Clinton County)
Leonard Harrison State Park (Tioga County)
Little Pine State Park (Lycoming County)
Lyman Run State Park (Potter County)
Ole Bull State Park (Potter County)
Patterson State Park (Potter County)
Prouty Place State Park (Potter County)
Ravensburg State Park (Clinton County)
Sinnemahoning State Park (Cameron and Potter Counties)
Upper Pine Bottom State Park (Lycoming County)
Gallery
See also
References
External links
148 KB
Hyner Hang Gliding Club Website
State parks of Pennsylvania
Protected areas established in 1965
Civilian Conservation Corps in Pennsylvania
Parks in Clinton County, Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Clinton County, Pennsylvania
The Women's 5 km competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 27 June 2022.
Results
The race was started at 12:00.
References
Women's 5 km
Women's 5 km open water
Yukhym Grigorievich Medvedev (, ) (1 April 1886 – 7 June 1938) was a Ukrainian Soviet politician and the first elected chairman of the Soviet parliament in Ukraine. Medvedev was a member of various Communist parties, but in early 1930s quit his political life and committed himself to a civilian life. In January 1938 he was arrested by the State Security police and later that year shot on the grounds of being an anti-Soviet terrorist. In 1957 Medvedev was rehabilitated posthumously.
Biography
Medvedev was born in Bakhmut city of Yekaterinoslav Governorate in a family of Ukrainian ethnicity. After finishing the Bakhmut Technological College he worked as an electrical technician at factories of Bakhmut and Yekaterinoslav. In 1904 Medvedev enrolled into the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (RSDLP), but in 1917 he became a member of the Ukrainian Social Democratic Labour Party. The same year he initiated the organization of the Kharkiv Ukrainian left social-democrats which cooperated with the Bolsheviks. In December 1917 Medvedev became one of the organizers of the 1st All-Ukrainian Congress of Soviets of Peasants', Workers', and Soldiers' Deputies in Kharkiv. The congress formed the All-Ukrainian Central Executive Committee, the chairman of which Medvedev was elected on December 24, 1917. The committee supported the Bolsheviks' intentions on the liquidation of the government of the Ukrainian People's Republic. In January–February 1918 he headed the Soviet Ukrainian delegation to the Brest's negotiations. Medvedev was dismissed as the chairman of TsVK in March 1918 and with withdrawal of the Soviet forces from Ukraine moved to Moscow. There he was a member of the Bureau of Ukrainian left social-democrats in exile. After the Russian aggression on Ukraine in August 1919 Medvedev joined Borotbists, however already in July 1920 the party has self-liquidated at its 4th Party Congress and most of its members joined the ranks of the Communist Party (Bolsheviks) of Ukraine. At the start of 1930s Medevedev has fully quit the political life and lived in the capital city of Kharkiv where he worked at numerous locations. On 27 January 1938 he was arrested for alleged membership of a military-terrorist organization and anti-Soviet activity. He was sentenced to death on 11 May and shot on 7 June 1938. Posthumously rehabilitated on 22 November 1957.
References
Bibliography
Fedorovsky, Yu. Our countryman - the first Soviet president. "Bratia-slavyane" #16. May 2010.
External links
Handbook of history of Ukraine
Handbook on history of the Communist Party and the Soviet Union
1886 births
1938 deaths
People from Bakhmut
People from Bakhmutsky Uyezd
Mensheviks
Ukrainian Social Democratic Labour Party politicians
Borotbists
Bolsheviks
Communist Party of Ukraine (Soviet Union) politicians
Chairmen of the All-Ukrainian Central Executive Committee
Great Purge victims from Ukraine
Soviet rehabilitations
Karen Theresa Like (born 14 October 1966 in Cinderford) is a British slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 team event at the 1985 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Augsburg. She also finished 13th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1966 births
English female canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
People from Cinderford
British female canoeists
Sportspeople from Gloucestershire
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Pigniu () is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. Its official language is Romansh. On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Pigniu, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.
History
Pigniu was probably settled from Andiast. The name Pingyow first appears in 1403. The German name Panix is first mentioned in 1522. Until 1984 Pigniu was known as Pigniu/Panix.
The Church of St. Valentin was dedicated in 1465 and was a popular goal of pilgrimages. Until 1667, Pigniu had its own parish.
On 7 October 1799, the Russian Army under command of Field Marshal Suvorov crossed the Pigniu pass.
Coat of arms
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is Gules St. Valentin clad Or and Argent holding his dexter in blessing and in sinister a crosier of the second standing above an ill Boy clad Sable. The coat of arms comes from the seal of a patron of the parish church.
Geography
Before the merger, Pigniu had a total area of . Of this area, 36% is used for agricultural purposes, while 14.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (48.8%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Rueun sub-district of the Surselva district. It borders on the canton of Glarus at the entrance to Panix Pass. It lies on the old Alpine road into Italy over Lukmanier Pass.
Lag da Pigniu is a reservoir above the village.
Demographics
Pigniu had a population (as of 2011) of 33. , 5.7% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -29.6%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh (91.1%), with the rest speaking German (8.9%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.0% male and 50.0% female. The age distribution, , in Pigniu is; 7 children or 15.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 9 teenagers or 20.0% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 4 people or 8.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 6 people or 13.3% are between 30 and 39, 9 people or 20.0% are between 40 and 49, and 2 people or 4.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 1person is between 60 and 69 years old, 5 people or 11.1% are between 70 and 79, there is 1 person who is between 80 and 89, and there is 1 person who is between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 72.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (16.9%), the FDP (10.8%) and the SP (0%).
In Pigniu about 68.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
The historical population is given in the following table:
Economy
Pigniu is a traditional farming community with no industry or commercial establishments. The school was closed in 1974. Since 1972, it has been supported by neighboring Schlieren.
Pigniu has an unemployment rate of 0.93%. , there were 5 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. No one is employed in the secondary sector and there are no businesses in this sector. 1 person is employed in the tertiary sector, with 1 business in this sector.
Weather
Pigniu has an average of 166.3 days of rain or snow per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is August during which time Pigniu receives an average of of rain or snow. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 16 days. The month with the most days of precipitation is May, with an average of 16.6, but with only of rain or snow. The driest month of the year is October with an average of of precipitation over 16 days.
References
External links
Official website
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Jet-Story is a 1988 video game developed by Cybexlab Software and published by Ultrasoft. The game is the sequel to Planet of Shades.
Development
Th game was developed in 1988. The Main Author is Miroslav Fídler who was helped by František Fuka and Tomáš Rylek. Fuka created opening Screen and Composed Music. In 1992 rights to the Game were bought by Ultrasoft that re-released the Game.
Gameplay
The player controls a spacecraft in a huge maze. His task is to destroy 47 enemy bases scattered across the game world that contains 128 areas. The task is not easy as the maze is full of enemies. The player can use weapons to destroy them but has limited amount of ammo. Ammo, fuel, and health can be replenished by boxes scattered throughout the world. The game features realistic gravity.
Reception
The game has been well received. Bit Magazine gave the game 84%. The game was praised mostly for its gameplay and music. The graphics didn't gain such praise due to its simplicity.
References
1988 video games
Action video games
ZX Spectrum games
ZX Spectrum-only games
Science fiction video games
Video games developed in the Czech Republic
Video games scored by František Fuka
Video game sequels
Betty Tebbs (10 April 1918 – 23 January 2017) was an English activist for women's rights and a peace campaigner. She was described by the People's History Museum in Manchester as "a radical hero who worked tirelessly and with great humility to campaign for equal rights, workers' rights and peace her whole life".
Personal life
Tebbs was the youngest child of a joiner and a maid. She was born in Bury, Lancashire, on 10 April 1918 and the rheumatic fever suffered during her childhood meant that she had a patchy education. She was married to Ernest Whewell until 1944, when he died during active service in the Second World War.
Tebbs, who lived latterly in Prestwich, married for a second time in 1947. Her second husband, Leonard Tebbs, a former soldier and university lecturer who died in 1979, aged 61, had encouraged her in campaigning for peace and also to further her education at college when in her 50s. The couple had met in 1945 and had a son, Glyn. She also had a daughter, Patricia, from her first marriage. Encouragement from her grandchildren led to publication of an autobiography titled A Time to Remember in 2007.
Activism
Tebbs became involved in activism around the age of 14 when she realised that a boy with whom she worked at the East Lancashire Paper Mill (ELPM) was earning two shillings per week more than she was for doing the same job. Tebbs was a lifelong member of a trades union – initially, the National Union of Printing, Bookbinding and Paper Workers – from the time that she discovered the pay discrepancy at ELPM. She was involved in union activities there for 17 years until the death of Whewell in 1944. In 1968 she played a role in the Society of Graphical and Allied Trades adopting a motion that the National Economic Council establish a women's advisory committee, that would advise the council on issues affecting women workers. Tebbs had stated that the trade union movement had not been sufficiently successful in addressing women's issues.
After Whewell's death, she was dismayed with the unfairness of a tax and allowance system that she thought penalised war widows. At a union conference in 1960 she advocated for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from their bases in Britain. She also became prominent in peace activism and joined the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament when it began in 1958. She became chair of the National Assembly of Women in 1978, having joined it in 1952, and met with world leaders in her attempts to bring about nuclear disarmament. Tebbs was banned from entering the United States due to her activism, and her protests against the Trident nuclear programme at Faslane led to her arrest at the age of 89.
Tebbs also continued working for women's rights as a member of trade unions, and led a successful strike for equal pay at ELPM in the early 1950s. She persuaded a number of women to join her union at the mill she worked at after leaving ELPM, and herself moved up the union hierarchy, representing it as district representative, district committee member, and as women's representative for the northwestern region. She attended union conferences in Scarborough in 1958 and 1960, and attended the International Women's Conference in Switzerland on behalf of the union. She also worked on campaigns for equality at numerous other industrial sites and established a refuge at Warrington for women who had suffered from domestic violence.
In 1963 she was elected to the Radcliffe Municipal Borough Council against stiff opposition, running as a Labour Party candidate. For some time she was the sole woman on the council. Tebbs had left the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB) in protest against the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. She later left Labour to rejoin the CPGB, and then the New Communist Party. Later still, she returned to the Labour Party fold to vote for Jeremy Corbyn in the 2015 party leadership election.
Recognition
Tebbs was interviewed at the People's History Museum (PHM) by actor and activist Maxine Peake in June 2016. Shortly before her death on 23 January 2017 at the age of 98, she was recognised with the PHM's Radical Hero Award, which described her as "a radical hero who worked tirelessly and with great humility to campaign for equal rights, workers' rights and peace her whole life." In 2010, she had been given an award named after Elizabeth Gaskell by Manchester City Council. A fellow activist stated that Tebbs' work had provided the foundation for legislation protecting all women.
References
Notes
Citations
Further reading
Obituary in The Guardian
Obituary in The Telegraph
1918 births
2017 deaths
People from Bury, Greater Manchester
Women's rights in the United Kingdom
English trade unionists
Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament activists
Labour Party (UK) people
Communist Party of Great Britain members
Women councillors in England
British anti–nuclear weapons activists
Councillors in Greater Manchester
Lorenza Alessandrini (born 6 August 1990) is an Italian retired ice dancer who began representing France internationally in 2015. She and her skating partner, Pierre Souquet, competed in the final segment at the 2016 European Championships.
Earlier in her career, Alessandrini represented Italy with Simone Vaturi. They became two-time Cup of Nice silver medalists (2010, 2013), two-time Ondrej Nepela Memorial silver medalists (2011, 2012), and two-time Italian national bronze medalists. They competed in the final segment at five ISU Championships.
Personal life
Lorenza Alessandrini was born on 6 August 1990 in Milan, Italy. She studied sports at Università telematica San Raffaele.
Career
Alessandrini began learning to skate in 1994. She skated with Tommaso Forchini early in her ice dancing career.
Partnership with Vaturi
In 2007, she teamed up with Simone Vaturi. Representing Italy, they placed fifth at the 2010 World Junior Championships. Later that year, Alessandrini broke a rib in training causing them to miss the 2010–11 Grand Prix season. They returned to competition to win the senior bronze medal at the Italian Championships and were assigned one of Italy's two ice dance berths to the 2011 European Championships. They finished 16th in their first appearance at the event.
In the 2011–12 season, Alessandrini/Vaturi made their senior Grand Prix debut at 2011 NHK Trophy where they finished 5th. They again finished third at the Italian Championships. They were not named in the Italian team to the European Championships. Alessandrini/Vaturi were coached by Roberto Pelizzola and Nicoletta Lunghi in Italy until January 2012 when they moved to Detroit, Michigan to train under new coaches Pasquale Camerlengo, Massimo Scali, and Anjelika Krylova. They made their senior World debut at the 2012 World Championships in Nice, France.
In mid-December 2012, a fall while training a lift resulted in an injury to Vaturi and the team's withdrawal from the 2013 Italian Championships.
Vaturi ended their partnership in April 2014. In May, Alessandrini confirmed she was looking for a partner to continue her competitive career and expressed interest in eventually becoming a coach and choreographer.
Partnership with Souquet
Alessandrini teamed up with French ice dancer Pierre Souquet by July 2014. In December, the duo placed fourth at the French Championships. Making their international debut, they placed 5th at the Bavarian Open in February 2015.
Alessandrini/Souquet won their first international medal, silver, in October 2015 at the Cup of Nice, before taking silver at the French Championships in December. The following month, they competed at the 2016 European Championships in Bratislava, Slovakia. Ranked 16th in the short dance, they qualified to the free dance and finished 20th overall. They were coached by Muriel Zazoui, Olivier Schoenfelder, Diana Ribas, and Roberto Pelizzola in Lyon.
Making their Grand Prix debut, Alessandrini/Souquet placed 9th at the 2016 Trophée de France. They received the bronze medal at the French Championships.
Programs
With Souquet
With Vaturi
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Souquet for France
With Vaturi for Italy
References
External links
Italian female ice dancers
1990 births
Living people
Figure skaters from Milan
21st-century Italian dancers
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
21st-century Italian women
20th-century Italian women
A mushroom is the fruiting body of a fungus.
Mushroom(s) or The Mushroom may also refer to:
Companies
Mushroom Group, an Australian music and entertainment company
Mushroom Pictures, a film production and distribution subsidiary
Mushroom Records, a record label subsidiary
Mushroom Networks, an American telecommunications networking company
Mushroom Records (Canada), a record label
Mushroom Studios, a music studio in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Mushroom TV, a defunct British television company
Film and television
The Mushroom (1970 film), French film
The Mushroom (1997 film), Egyptian film
Mushrooms (film) or Chatrak, 2011 Indian Bengali film
"Mushrooms" (Law & Order), television episode
Music
Mushroom (band), an American musicians' collective in the San Francisco Bay area
Andrew Vowles, or Mushroom, British musician, founding member of Massive Attack
Mushroom (album) or the title song, by Eatmewhileimhot, 2012
"Mushroom" (song), by Can, 1971
Places
Mushroom (lava flow), a lava flow in Yukon, Canada
Mushroom Island, Antarctica
Mushroom Lake, an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, US
Mushroom Peak, a mountain in Alberta, Canada
The Mushroom, a rock formation in Timna Valley, Israel
Other uses
Mushroom (Mario), a type of power-up in Super Mario video games
Mushroom gene, a gene that affects pigment in horses
The deformation of various expanding bullets
Mushroom cloud
See also
Sel-Sync or Selective Synchronous recording is the process of selectively using audio tape record heads as play back heads so that new signals can be recorded on other tracks in perfect sync with the existing tracks. Sel-sync recording dramatically changed the recording process allowing overdubbing of individual recorded tracks.
Sel-sync along with the multi-track head was invented by Ross S. Snyder at Ampex in 1955. Three problems had to be solved: mechanical alignment, switching of the record track to playback mode and multitrack erase head. The hard problem was the switching of a track between record and playback mode, as the impedance of record heads are quite different from the impedance of play back heads. Prior to Sel-Sync record heads were directly wired to the record electronics and playback heads were directly wired to the playback electronics. Also the designs of the two heads were very different. The problem of switching very low-level/high-impedance circuitry without introducing hum or noise had to be solved. Mort Fujii in the Ampex special projects lab was responsible for the actual design.
Ampex did not patent Sel-Sync because Ross Snyder did not think it would be of interest to more than a few musicians and an Ampex lawyer said the idea was "obvious", hence unpatentable. Ampex only trademarked the name. Sel-Sync remained an external, add-on function until the AG-440 and later series, wherein Sel-Sync was integrated into every electronics, although for obvious reasons Sel-Sync is useful only with multi-track machines (more than one track, and, usually, three or more tracks).
D-2 (video) was the first digital recording video tape format to offer Sel-Sync "read before write" (an Ampex term) also known as "preread" on Sony magnetic tape recorders. Read before write allowed simultaneous playback and recording on the same VCR.
References
Sound recording technology
1955 introductions
Kacper Sezonienko (born 23 March 2003) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Lechia Gdańsk.
Career
Lechia Gdańsk
Sezonienko started playing football with AP Ostróda aged 8, later joining the youth sides of Lechia Gdańsk in 2018. At the age of 16 Sezonienko first played for the Lechia Gdańsk II team, making his debut against Arka Gdynia II. Sezonienko started training with the first team at the beginning of the 2019–20 season. In August 2020 it was announced that he would be spending the season with Bytovia Bytów.
References
2003 births
Living people
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Lechia Gdańsk players
Lechia Gdańsk II players
Bytovia Bytów players
Ekstraklasa players
II liga players
IV liga players
Polish people of Ukrainian descent
Pseudemys is a genus of large, herbivorous, freshwater turtles of the eastern United States and adjacent northeast Mexico. They are often referred to as cooters, which stems from kuta, the word for turtle in the Bambara and Malinké languages, brought to America by enslaved people from Africa.
Etymology
The generic name Pseudemys is derived from the Greek words, pseudes meaning false or misleading, and emydos a freshwater turtle, implying a resemblance to, but not included in the genus Emys. The trivial names, or specific epithets, of five of the species are toponyms, named for places where the species were first discovered including, the Florida peninsular (P. peninsularis), the Suwannee River (P. suwanniensis), Alabama (P. alabamensis), Florida (P. floridana), and Texas (P. texana). Two are patronyms, or eponyms, honoring prominent zoologists, George Robert Zug, curator of Amphibians and Reptiles at the Smithsonian, National Museum of Natural History (P. gorzugi), and George Nelson, botanist, zoologist, and Chief Taxidermist at the Museum of Comparative Zoology, Harvard (P. nelsoni). The other specific epithets are derived from Latin: P. concinna, from concinnus meaning neat, trim, or skillfully joined, likely in reference to the relatively smooth, stream-lined shell, or possibly the colors and patterns on the carapace; and P. rubriventris, from rubidus reddish, and venter belly, referring the red color of the plastron.
Taxonomy
The genus Pseudemys has an extensive, complicated, and at times contentious taxonomic history. Historically the genus has been intertwined with other genera, at times included in other genera or having members of other genera include in it (Chrysemys, Clemmys, Emys, Ptychemys, and Trachemys), as well as the recognition of a number of additional subspecies well into the third quarter of the 20th century. As recently as 1984 one reviewer of the genus called the chrysemyd complex "a taxonomic morass". Another wrote "Pseudemys has long been recognized as something of a taxonomic quagmire, and has been the subject of a confusing litany of taxonomic arrangements." By the last decade of the 20th century, taxonomist were largely in agreement on a monophyletic genus and the recognition of nine taxa. However the relationships and status of some of the taxa in the genus, as species or subspecies, has been inconsistent. Some have recognized all nine taxa as full species. Two clades, or species groups, are recognized within the genus, the red-bellied cooters (P. alabamensis, P. nelsoni, P. rubriventris) comprise one group (subgenus Ptychemys) and the remaining six species in another species group (subgenus Pseudemys).
Species
A study published in 2012 examined nuclear and mitochondrial genes from geographically widespread samples of all nine taxa, but identified only three clades [species], with significant integration between some clades, and stated: "We found little or no evidence supporting the division of Pseudemys into its currently recognized species/subspecies. Rather, our data strongly suggest that the group has been oversplit and contains fewer species than currently recognized." Somewhat confoundedly, the study did not recommend any taxonomic changes, concluding the resolution of Pseudemys will necessitate further analysis with an integrated review of morphology, historical biogeographic data, and extensive geographic sampling with large amounts of molecular (DNA) data.
Description
Members of this genus are among the largest of the Emydidae, capable of attaining carapace lengths of over 16.0 in (40.64 cm) and capable of weighing up to 35 lbs (15.876 kg), although most individuals are far smaller. All are aquatic, spending the majority of their time in lakes, rivers, and ponds where they can easily be seen basking on rocks and logs in sunny weather.
Distribution
The genus Pseudemys is endemic to North America. All but one species are endemic to the USA, predominantly occurring in the Southern United States and peripheral areas of southeast Pennsylvania, southern Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri and southeast Kansas. The northern red-bellied cooter (Pseudemys rubriventris), ranges north into central New Jersey with some smaller isolated populations in New York and Massachusetts. The westernmost species, the Rio Grande cooter (Pseudemys gorzugi), occurs in the Rio Grande and several of its tributaries on the USA – Mexico border, in Texas and the neighboring Mexican states of Coahuila, Nuevo Leon, and Tamaulipas, following the Pecos River into extreme southeast New Mexico. The greatest diversity is in northern Florida and adjacent areas of southern Georgia and Alabama where six taxa occur.
Ecology and natural history
Diet: As juveniles, Pseudemys are typically omnivorous, feeding on variety of plants as well as sponges, bryozoans, snails, clams, crayfish, and insects such as caddisfly larvae, dobsonfly larvae, dragonfly nymphs, fly and mosquito larvae, aquatic beetles, caterpillars, crickets, and grasshoppers. Tadpoles and very small fish (e. g. darters, Percina) are also included in their diets. Both juveniles and adults will consume carrion on occasion.
The diet shifts to a greater percentage of vegetation as the turtles mature. Adults P. peninsularis are reported to be 90% herbivorous, and adult P. nelsoni, P. rubriventris, and P. suwanniensis are almost exclusively herbivorous. Pseudemys concinna are known to retain a greater degree of animal prey in their diet than most species in the genus, but are still predominantly herbivorous as adults. In addition to a variety of algae and aquatic mosses, plants reported in the diets include fanwort (Cabomba), coontails (Ceratophyllum), duckweed (Lemna minor), large-flowered waterweed (Egeria densa), waterthyme (Hydrilla verticillata), water milfoil (Myriophyllum), fragrant water-lily (Nymphaea odorata), southern waternymph (Najas guadalupensis), spadderdock (Nuphar luteum), pondweed (Potamogeton), arrowhead (Sagittaria sp.), and water-celery (Vallisneria americana) among many others.
Gallery
References
External links
University of Michigan Animal Diversity Web
EMYSystem Genus page
Turtle genera
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Hıdırlar, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Borili (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Aksay. Population:
Geography
The district is located in the north-eastern part of the West Kazakhstan region. The district borders on three districts of the West Kazakhstan region and in the north along the Ilek and Ural river with the Orenburg region of the Russian Federation. The territory of the district covers an area of 5.6 thousand square kilometers. The climate is continental. Summers are hot, winters are harsh. The average temperature in January is — -15 °C, in July - 24 °C. The average annual rainfall is 200-250 mm. The subsoil is rich in oil and gas (the Karachaganak Field). Located in the desert zone. The rivers Ural, Ilek, Utva (Shingirlau) flow through the territory of the region. Soils are mostly chestnut and solonchak. Oaks, field elm, poplar, cotoneaster and others grow. There are fox, corsac, wild boar; from birds - bustard, little bustard.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
Jeff Cunningham (born August 21, 1976) is an American former professional soccer player who played as a forward. He is Major League Soccer's third-all-time leader in regular-season goals scored with 134.
Youth and college
Cunningham was born in Jamaica, but moved to Crystal River, Florida at the age of fourteen. He played college soccer at the University of South Florida from 1994 to 1997. As a sophomore and a junior, Cunningham was named first-team All-Conference USA, and as a senior he was named Conference USA Player of the Year. He finished his career at USF with forty-one goals and thirty-six assists.
Career
Professional
Upon graduating, Cunningham was selected ninth overall in the 1998 MLS College Draft by the Columbus Crew. As a rookie, he played in twenty-five games, mostly as a substitute, and tied the rookie record for goals (since broken by Damani Ralph) with eight. Cunningham became a starter in 1999 and held that role for several years. In 182 games for Columbus, he scored sixty-two goals and notched forty-three assists. He was named to the MLS Best XI in 2002, after scoring sixteen goals and adding five assists. After a disappointing 2004 season Cunningham was traded to Colorado Rapids for a first-round 2006 MLS SuperDraft pick. He left the Crew tied with Brian McBride for the all-time team lead in goals.
Cunningham finished the 2005 season with twelve league goals for Colorado. He scored twice against Fulham F.C. of the Premier League in the 2005 MLS All-Star Game. His showing in an all-star game against Real Madrid also earned good reviews, despite MLS's 5–0 loss. However, after the year Colorado shipped him to Real Salt Lake for Clint Mathis. Cunningham was seventh on the all-time MLS goalscoring list entering the 2006 season.
During the 2006 season Cunningham led the league in scoring with sixteen goals, winning the MLS Golden Boot. He also tied for the second-most assists in the league with eleven. Both totals (16 goals and 11 assists) set single-season records for the RSL franchise.
On May 22, 2007, Cunningham was dealt to Toronto FC in exchange for Alecko Eskandarian and a first-round draft pick in the 2008 MLS SuperDraft. In Toronto, he wore the number 96 to represent the 96 MLS goals he had scored after the conclusion of his first season with Toronto FC.
Cunningham fell out of favor in his second season with Toronto FC, missing scoring a goal line ball that would have taken Toronto to the CONCACAF Champions League. After the match, TFC coach John Carver said "I am thinking, ‘How did he score 99 goals?' That's what I thought.'"
On August 8, 2008, Cunningham was traded to FC Dallas in exchange for a third-round pick in the 2009 MLS SuperDraft. He scored in his first match with FC Dallas on August 16, 2008 in a 2–1 loss to the Columbus Crew. It was Cunningham's 100th goal in MLS. Jeff played in 11 games with FC Dallas during the 2008 season scoring 5 goals.
Cunningham scored 17 goals in 2009, including four goals on August 1 against the Kansas City Wizards. After Kenny Cooper left the club for 1860 Munich, Cunningham emerged as the team's go-to goal scorer. He netted seven goals in five games in September, winning MLS Player of the Month and went on to win the 2009 MLS Golden Boot. Cunningham ended the 2010 season as the #2 career regular season MLS goalscorer with 132 goals.
After the 2010 MLS season FC Dallas declined Cunningham's contract option and Cunningham elected to participate in the 2010 MLS Re-Entry Draft. On December 15, 2010 Cunningham was selected by Columbus Crew in Stage 2 of the Re-Entry draft. Prior to Columbus re-signing him on January 28, 2011, Cunningham trained with Norwegian Premier League club IK Start and was rumored to be in talks for a permanent move, however no trade came to pass. His return to Columbus Crew was on February 22, 2011 in the second half of the Crew's CONCACAF Champions League quarter final game against Real Salt Lake. On July 7, 2011, Cunningham scored his 133rd career MLS Goal to tie the MLS All-Time Scoring Record. The goal came in the 90th minute on a header to win a game against the Vancouver Whitecaps FC by a score of 1–0. On August 27, 2011, Cunningham scored his 134th career goal, making him the all-time leader in MLS soccer in a 6–2 loss to the Seattle Sounders.
At season's end, Columbus declined his 2012 contract option and he entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft. Cunningham was not selected in the draft and became a free agent. In January 2012, Cunningham signed on with first division side and current runner-up CSD Comunicaciones of Guatemala for the 2012 Torneo Clausura.
After his release by Comunicaciones, Cunningham signed with NASL club San Antonio Scorpions FC on July 23, 2012.
As of November 29, 2013, Cunningham is on trial with Vicem Hai Phong F.C. of Vietnam's V.League 1.
International
In 1999, he played for Jamaica in a friendly international against Ghana.
Cunningham became a U.S. citizen in November 2001, and received his first cap for the United States national team less than a month later, on December 9, in a friendly against South Korea. He made his first start in a World Cup qualifier on September 7, 2005, against Guatemala.
After a four-year absence from the national team, Cunningham was called up by Bob Bradley for friendlies against Slovakia and Denmark in November 2009. In a friendly against Denmark on November 18, 2009, he scored his first career international goal.
Personal life
Jeff and his wife, Jocelyn have two children, Mikayla, born in 2008 and Eli born in 2014.
Cunningham became a naturalized U.S. citizen on November 13, 2001.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Honors
Club
Columbus Crew
Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup: 2002
MLS Supporters' Shield: 2004
FC Dallas
Major League Soccer Western Conference Championship: 2010
Individual
MLS Golden Boot Winner: 2006, 2009
MLS Best XI: 2002, 2006, 2009
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2003 FIFA Confederations Cup players
CONCACAF Gold Cup-winning players
American expatriate sportspeople in Canada
American expatriate sportspeople in Guatemala
American expatriate soccer players
American soccer players
Major League Soccer All-Stars
Columbus Crew players
Colorado Rapids players
Real Salt Lake players
Toronto FC players
FC Dallas players
Comunicaciones F.C. players
San Antonio Scorpions players
Dual internationalists (football)
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Expatriate footballers in Guatemala
Association football forwards
Jamaica international footballers
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
Jamaican footballers
People from Crystal River, Florida
People from Montego Bay
Soccer players from Florida
South Florida Bulls men's soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
University of South Florida alumni
Major League Soccer players
North American Soccer League players
Columbus Crew draft picks
Rasmussen Island () is a small island in the north part of Waddington Bay, on the west coast of Graham Land. The north entrance to Waddington Bay was named "Cap Rasmussen" by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99, under Gerlache, but air photos show no significant point there which can be reidentified without ambiguity. To preserve the original name in the vicinity, the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 applied the name Rasmussen to this island.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Najem Abdelrazak Al-Enazy Najem (born 30 November 1961) is a Kuwaiti discus thrower. He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Kuwaiti male athletes
Olympic athletes of Kuwait
The Georgetown Hoyas women's basketball team is women's basketball program in the NCAA Division I Big East Conference. They are currently coached by James Howard, the program's tenth coach, now in his second year. The team was first formed in 1970, and joined the Big East in 1983. They play their home games on campus at McDonough Gymnasium.
The women's teams have been invited to the NCAA tournament four times, reaching the Sweet Sixteen in 1993 and 2011, and the second round in 2010 and 2012. They have been invited to the Women's National Invitation Tournament, five times, progressing furthest in 2009 by reaching the fourth round. Former player Rebekkah Brunson, now with the WNBA's Minnesota Lynx, is the team's all-time leading rebounder, while Sugar Rodgers, now with the WNBA's New York Liberty, is the all-time leader in points, steals, and 3-point field goals.
Year by year results
Conference tournament winners noted with # Source
NCAA tournament results
Players
Recruiting
Four class of 2012 players have made verbal commitments to Georgetown:
Katie McCormick
Logan Battle
Dominique Vitalis
Omowumi Rafiu
2010 Paradise Jam
Georgetown traveled to St. Thomas to participate in the Paradise Jam Tournament held over the extended Thanksgiving weekend. On Thanksgiving, Georgetown beat Georgia Tech 67–58. The next day, 12th ranked (AP) Georgetown lost to unranked Missouri 54–45.
The final game matched up Georgetown, with a 1–1 record, against Tennessee, who were ranked 4th in the AP rankings, and had won their first two game in St. Thomas. Georgetown's Sugar Rogers, who has not played particularly well in the first two game of the tournament, had 28 points to help lead her team to an upset victory over Tennessee. The Hoyas opened up with an 11–4 run and never trailed. Tennessee out rebounded Georgetown 42–24, but committed 29 turnovers. Both teams shot about 40% from the field, but the Hoyas had an advantage beyond the arc, hitting 10 of their 18 three point attempts, while the Volunteers hit only three of 18 attempts. The two team ended with 2–1 records, but with the head-to-head tiebreaker, Georgetown was awarded the Championship of the Paradise Jam, Island Division.
See also
Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball
References
External links
1970 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Basketball teams established in 1970
Ticabesone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Enones
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Thioesters
Sand Ridge (also Sandridge) is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 33 to the south of the town of Grantsville, the county seat of Calhoun County. Its elevation is 1,168 feet (356 m).
The community was named for the sandy character of the soil in the area. It is the site of the Round Methodist Church on the National Register, built round by the Poling family "so the devil would have no place to hide."
Its post office is now closed.
See also
Alberts Chapel
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
The Second Palaszczuk Ministry is a ministry of the Government of Queensland led by Annastacia Palaszczuk. Palaszczuk led the Labor Party to a majority of victory in the 2017 state election.
Initial ministry
On 11 December 2017, Premier Palaszczuk announced a new line up for the ministry. The ministry was sworn in by the Governor on 12 December 2017. It is made up of nine men and nine women.
May 2020 reshuffle
In May 2020, a minor reshuffle occurred following the resignation of Deputy Premier Jackie Trad. Health Minister Steven Miles was appointed Deputy Premier of Queensland, while Cameron Dick was appointed Treasurer of Queensland.
See also
Shadow ministry of Deb Frecklington
References
Queensland ministries
Australian Labor Party ministries in Queensland
John Mylin Will (15 September 1899 – 5 May 1981) was an American naval officer, President of American Export-Isbrandtsen Lines, commander-in-chief of Submarine Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet in World War II, and Vice admiral of the United States Navy who subsequently served commanding officer of the United States Seventh Fleet at Midway Atoll and Guam, and retired full admiral.
Mylin was assigned to Bureau of Naval Personnel where he served training-director as well as commanding officer of cruiser Columbus. Besides serving in the naval department, he was the president and later, chairman of the Arthur Tickle Engineering Works Inc.
Biography
Mylin was born in September 1899 at Perth Amboy, New Jersey and later, moved to Deerfield, Virginia and New York. In 1923, Mylin did his graduation from the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis and later attended Pennsylvania State University where he did master's degree. In 1949, he served commander of the Military Sea Transportation Service at the Atlantic, and later, promoted to director of personnel policy for Secretary of Defense office. In 1956, he was assigned to the Military Sealift Command as an commanding officer until he retired from the naval department as full admiral.
Awards
The President of the United States of that time conferred Legion of Merit military decoration upon Captain Will for his contribution to the US during World War II. Vice-admiral received second Legion of Merit for his contribution to Cold War and later, Admiral Will was awarded with the third Legion of Merit award.
Death
Mylin was suffering from cancer, and was subsequently admitted in a military hospital for necessary medical treatment. On 5 May 1981, he died at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland. His wife Louise Ley Will died on 31 March 1968, eight years before Mylin's death.
References
People from Perth Amboy, New Jersey
United States Navy vice admirals
United States Navy personnel of World War II
1899 births
1981 deaths
Military personnel from New Jersey
Donald Chandler may refer to:
Don Chandler (1934–2011), American football player
Donald S. Chandler, entomologist
James M. Priest (July 8, 1819 – May 16, 1883) was the sixth vice president of Liberia from 1864 to 1868 under President Daniel Bashiel Warner. He was born a slave in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Prior to the death of slaveowner Jane Anderson Meaux, she educated and freed Priest and sent him to Liberia to evaluate the situation of former slaves living in Liberia. He returned to the U.S. and received more education and became a Presbyterian missionary. In 1843, he emigrated to Liberia under the auspices of the American Colonization Society.
He later became a justice of the Liberian Supreme Court.
References
1819 births
1883 deaths
19th-century American slaves
19th-century Liberian politicians
Vice presidents of Liberia
Americo-Liberian people
Supreme Court of Liberia justices
Liberian Presbyterians
American Presbyterian missionaries
Republican Party (Liberia) politicians
19th-century African-American people
19th-century Liberian judges
Taşpınar, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Mid and West Wales () is an electoral region of the Senedd, consisting of eight constituencies. The region elects twelve members, eight directly elected constituency members and four additional members. The electoral region was first used in the 1999 Welsh Assembly election, when the National Assembly for Wales was created.
Each constituency elects one Member of the Senedd by the first past the post electoral system, and the region as a whole elects four additional or top-up Members of the Senedd, to create a degree of proportional representation. The additional member seats are allocated from closed lists by the D'Hondt method, with constituency results being taken into account in the allocation.
County and Westminster boundaries
As created in 1999, the region covered the whole of the preserved county of Dyfed, most of the preserved county of Powys and parts of the preserved counties of Clwyd and Gwynedd. Other parts of Powys, Clwyd and Gwynedd were within the North Wales electoral region.
However, boundaries changed for the 2007 Welsh Assembly election and the region now covers all of the preserved county of Dyfed, all of the preserved county of Powys and part of the preserved county of Gwynedd. The rest of Gwynedd is in the North Wales region.
The constituencies have the names and boundaries of constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (Westminster). For Westminster election purposes, however, there are no electoral regions, and constituency boundary changes became effective for the 2010 United Kingdom general election.
Electoral region profile
The region is geographically the largest of the five electoral regions in Wales, being larger in area than the other four regions combined. It consists almost entirely of sparsely populated rural areas, with the exception of the tinplate- and steel-producing town of Llanelli in the south. The Welsh language is widely spoken.
Constituencies
Assembly members and Members of the Senedd
Constituency MSs
Regional list MSs
N.B. This table is for presentation purposes only
2021 Senedd election
2021 Senedd election additional members
Regional MSs elected 2021
D'Hondt count
2016 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 2016
2011 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 2011
2007 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 2007
2003 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 2003
1999 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 1999
Former constituencies
1999 to 2007
Notes
Senedd electoral regions
Mulkireedam is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by N. N. Pisharady. The film stars Sharada, Adoor Bhasi, P. J. Antony and Sankaradi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by Prathap Singh.
Cast
Sharada
Adoor Bhasi
P. J. Antony
Sankaradi
T. R. Omana
Indira Thampi
N. Govindankutty
Nellikode Bhaskaran
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Prathap Singh and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Arslan Khan (born 15 September 1999) is an Indian cricketer. He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Chandigarh in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy. In the first innings of the match, Khan scored the first century by a batsman for Chandigarh in first-class cricket. He also scored his maiden double century in first-class cricket, with 233 not out. He made his Twenty20 debut on 17 January 2021, for Chandigarh in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. He made his List A debut on 21 February 2021, for Chandigarh in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Chandigarh cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The laser diode rate equations model the electrical and optical performance of a laser diode. This system of ordinary differential equations relates the number or density of photons and charge carriers (electrons) in the device to the injection current and to device and material parameters such as carrier lifetime, photon lifetime, and the optical gain.
The rate equations may be solved by numerical integration to obtain a time-domain solution, or used to derive a set of steady state or small signal equations to help in further understanding the static and dynamic characteristics of semiconductor lasers.
The laser diode rate equations can be formulated with more or less complexity to model different aspects of laser diode behavior with varying accuracy.
Multimode rate equations
In the multimode formulation, the rate equations model a laser with multiple optical modes. This formulation requires one equation for the carrier density, and one equation for the photon density in each of the optical cavity modes:
where:
N is the carrier density, P is the photon density, I am the applied current, e is the elementary charge, V is the volume of the active region, is the carrier lifetime, G is the gain coefficient (s−1), is the confinement factor, is the photon lifetime, is the spontaneous emission factor, is the radiative recombination time constant, M is the number of modes modelled, μ is the mode number, and
subscript μ has been added to G, Γ, and β to indicate these properties may vary for the different modes.
The first term on the right side of the carrier rate equation is the injected electrons rate (I/eV), the second term is the carrier depletion rate due to all recombination processes (described by the decay time ) and the third term is the carrier depletion due to stimulated recombination, which is proportional to the photon density and medium gain.
In the photon density rate equation, the first term ΓGP is the rate at which photon density increases due to stimulated emission (the same term in carrier rate equation, with positive sign and multiplied for the confinement factor Γ), the second term is the rate at which photons leave the cavity, for internal absorption or exiting the mirrors, expressed via the decay time constant and the third term is the contribution of spontaneous emission from the carrier radiative recombination into the laser mode.
The modal gain
Gμ, the gain of the μth mode, can be modelled by a parabolic dependence of gain
on wavelength as follows:
where:
α is the gain coefficient and ε is the gain compression factor (see below). λμ is the wavelength of the μth mode, δλg is the full width at half maximum (FWHM) of the gain curve, the centre of which is given by
where λ0 is the centre wavelength for N = Nth and k is the spectral shift constant (see below). Nth is the carrier density at threshold and is given by
where Ntr is the carrier density at transparency.
βμ is given by
where
β0 is the spontaneous emission factor, λs is the centre wavelength for spontaneous emission and δλs is the spontaneous emission FWHM. Finally, λμ is the wavelength of the μth mode and is given by
where δλ is the mode spacing.
Gain Compression
The gain term, G, cannot be independent of the high power densities found in
semiconductor laser diodes. There are several phenomena which cause the gain to
'compress' which are dependent upon optical power. The two main phenomena are
spatial hole burning and spectral hole burning.
Spatial hole burning occurs as a result of the standing wave nature of the optical
modes. Increased lasing power results in decreased carrier diffusion efficiency which
means that the stimulated recombination time becomes shorter relative to the carrier
diffusion time. Carriers are therefore depleted faster at the crest of the wave causing a
decrease in the modal gain.
Spectral hole burning is related to the gain profile broadening mechanisms such
as short intraband scattering which is related to power density.
To account for gain compression due to the high power densities in semiconductor lasers, the gain equation is modified such that it becomes related to the inverse of the optical power. Hence, the following term in the denominator of the gain equation :
Spectral Shift
Dynamic wavelength shift in semiconductor lasers occurs as a result of the change
in refractive index in the active region during intensity modulation. It is possible to
evaluate the shift in wavelength by determining the refractive index change of the active
region as a result of carrier injection. A complete analysis of spectral shift during direct
modulation found that the refractive index of the active region varies proportionally to carrier density and hence the wavelength varies proportionally to injected current.
Experimentally, a good fit for the shift in wavelength is given by:
where I0 is the injected current and Ith is the lasing threshold current.
References
Ordinary differential equations
Semiconductor lasers
Jordan first participated at the Olympic Games in 1980, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games, however at the 1992 Albertville Olympics 43-year-old Mohamed Hadid competed for Jordan in the demonstration sport of speed skiing.
Jordan won its first official ever medal at the Olympic Games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016, when Ahmad Abughaush won gold in the Men's 68 kg tournament in Taekwondo. Jordan won its second official medal at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo with yet another taekwondo achievement as Saleh Al-Sharabaty won a silver medal in the 80 kg category.
Samer Kamal and Ihsan Abu-Sheikha won two bronze medals in Taekwondo at the 1988 Summer Olympics at Seoul, South Korea when Taekwondo was just introduced into the Olympics Games; however, it was introduced only as a demonstration sport and therefore, are not official medals.
The National Olympic Committee for Jordan was created in 1957 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1963.
The Jordan Olympic Committee is now headed by Prince Faisal Bin Al Hussein.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by sport
List of medalists
See also
List of flag bearers for Jordan at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Jordan
References
External links
Olympics
"Backwards: The Riddle Of Dyslexia" is a 1984 episode of the American television anthology series ABC Afterschool Special, about dyslexia. It shows how dyslexia is detected and treated. The episode stars 13-year-old River Phoenix in "one of his first major roles" as Brian Ellsworth. Joaquin Phoenix (credited as Leaf Phoenix) also stars as his younger brother Robby. According to allmovie, Brian Ellsworth is a junior high student "who has a habit of writing his words – and the letters – backwards. Brian's friends think he's kidding, his teachers think he's lazy, and his parents think he's slow. In truth, Brian has dyslexia and suffers from societal misconceptions and Ableist idiocy."
Plot
Brian Ellsworth is a good student, however he cannot read well. When he is at school, he tries to avoid reading and writing, and whenever the teacher tells him to write he disturbs the lesson. Most of the teachers believe that Brian is lazy. Brian's classmates think that Brian enjoys annoying the teachers. Only one of his teachers wants to help Brian. She tries to find out the reasons behind his behavior. Brian's classmate, Kim, also tries to help Brian. She gives him private lessons. When it's discovered that Brian has dyslexia, he finally gets the help he needs. He slowly learns to write and read.
Overview
Backwards: The Riddle of Dyslexia is a television family drama directed by Alexander Grasshoff. It aired as an ABC Afterschool Special on March 7, 1984. In 1989 Backwards: The Riddle of Dyslexia was released on VHS in the United States. It was also shown at schools as an educational programme about dyslexia. It was meant for students from grade four to six.
It was one of the first major roles for the real-life brothers River Phoenix and Joaquin Phoenix. Joaquin Phoenix got his first award nomination for the film. For River Phoenix it was his third award nomination, after two nominations for his portrayal of Guthrie McFadden in the television series Seven Brides for Seven Brothers.
River Phoenix also had dyslexia. However it wasn't known while River Phoenix was filming Backwards: The Riddle of Dyslexia. In 1986, two years after the film was broadcast, River Phoenix was diagnosed as dyslexic.
In the film many famous dyslexic persons were named, like Albert Einstein, U.S. President Woodrow Wilson, Vice President Nelson Rockefeller, and athlete Caitlyn Jenner. At end of the special General George S. Patton and Thomas Edison are also named.
Awards
Nominated: Young Artist Award: Best Family Film Made for Television.
Nominated: Young Artist Award: Best Young Actor in a Family Film Made for Television (shared by River Phoenix and Joaquin Phoenix).
Won: Daytime Emmy Award: Outstanding Achievement in Film Editing (Michael J. Lynch)
Nominated: Daytime Emmy Award: Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography (Gregory M. Cummins)
Nominated: Daytime Emmy Award: Outstanding Writing in a Children's Special (Franklin Thompson and Arthur Heinemann)
Critical reception
Several psychologists have criticized the film for the outdated common belief that reversing letters in words is the central feature of dyslexia. A good aspect is that the film shows that dyslexia isn't an indicator of low mental ability and that many highly intelligent people have dyslexia, too.
US Magazine described the drama as slight but River Phoenix's portrayal as subtle and uncompromisingly real.
See also
List of artistic depictions of dyslexia
References
External links
1984 American television episodes
ABC Afterschool Special episodes
Dyslexia in fiction
Konstantinos "Dino" Yannopoulos (December 15, 1919, Athens, Greece – April 6, 2003, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was the principal stage director of the Metropolitan Opera between 1945 and 1977. One of his major works was a production of Giacomo Puccini's Tosca with Maria Callas on the title role. He was also the founder of the Athens Music Festival. Also active as an educator, he worked as director of the opera program at the Curtis Institute of Music during the 1970s and was director of the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia from 1977-1987 and artistic director of the AVA from 1987-1989. He earned degrees from the University of Vienna, the University of Leipzig, and the Mozarteum.
References
1919 births
2003 deaths
Metropolitan Opera people
Greek emigrants to the United States
Bertille St. Clair is a Trinidadian football manager who has coached the national teams of both Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and Trinidad and Tobago.
He was in charge of Trinidad and Tobago at the Gold Cup in 1998 and 2000.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago football managers
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate sportspeople in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team managers
Trinidad and Tobago national football team managers
Vladimir Mikhailovich Liberzon (; ; 23 March 1937, in Moscow – 4 August 1996) was a Russian-born Israeli chess grandmaster.
Biography
Liberzon played in several Soviet championships, his best result being fourth at the 36th Championship, Alma-Ata 1968/69. Other results were less notable; his first entry led to a lowly finish at Tbilisi 1966/67, whereas he achieved solid mid-table performances at Moscow 1969 and at Riga 1970.
In tournaments he was first in Moscow (Central Chess Club-ch) in 1963, 1964, and 1965, fourth at Kislovodsk 1964, fifth at Yerevan 1965, second at Leipzig 1965, first at Zinnowitz 1967, first at Debrecen 1968, second at Amsterdam 1969, third at Dubna 1971 and third equal at Luhačovice.
Liberzon was the first grandmaster from the Soviet Union who was allowed to emigrate to Israel in 1973. Consequently, he became Israel's first grandmaster. He won the Israeli Championship in 1974.
Having transferred nationality, he continued to score well in international competitions, finishing first at Venice 1974, first at Lone Pine 1975, second equal at Netanya 1975, second equal at Reykjavík 1975, first equal at Beer-Sheva 1976, first equal at Netanya 1977, 3rd at Amsterdam 1977, first equal at Lone Pine 1979, and fourth equal at Beer-Sheva 1984.
Liberzon played for Israel in four Chess Olympiads.
In 1974, at first board in 21st Olympiad in Nice (+4 –3 =8);
In 1976, at first board in 22nd Olympiad in Haifa (+2 –2 =6);
In 1978, at second board in 23rd Olympiad in Buenos Aires (+1 –2 =6);
In 1980, at first board in 24th Olympiad in La Valletta (+2 –2 =5).
He was awarded the International Master (IM) title in 1963, and Grandmaster (GM) title in 1965.
According to William Hartston, in The Independent, Liberzon was known for his disciplined professionalism and this made him one of the most consistent performers on the tournament circuit of the 1960s and 70s. His move to Israel was in all likelihood a catalyst for the great chess advances that occurred there in subsequent years. In terms of memorable games, Hartston cites the following effort, from Moscow 1963. It is the rarest of lessons in attacking chess, given that his opponent is none other than tactical maestro and former world champion, Mikhail Tal. Most instructively, Liberzon makes the opposite-coloured bishops work in his favour. White: Vladimir Liberzon Black: Mikhail Tal Nimzo-Indian Defence 1 d4 Nf6 2 c4 e6 3 Nc3 Bb4 4 e3 0-0 5 Bd3 d5 6 a3 dxc4 7 Bxc4 Bd6 8 Nf3 Nc6 9 Nb5 e5 10 Nxd6 Qxd6 11 dxe5 Qxd1+ 12 Kxd1 Ng4 13 Ke1 Ngxe5 14 Nxe5 Nxe5 15 Be2 Bf5 16 Bd2 Nd3+ 17 Bxd3 Bxd3 18 Rc1 Rac8 19 f3 c5 20 Kf2 f5 21 Rhg1 Rc6 22 Bc3 h5 23 h3 Rg6 24 a4 c4 25 Rgd1 Rd8 26 Rd2 Rd5 27 Rcd1 Rb6 28 a5 Rb3 29 Rg1 b5 30 axb6 axb6 31 g4 fxg4 32 hxg4 Rg5 33 gxh5 Rbb5 34 Rdd1 Kf7 35 e4 Kg8 36 Ke3 Kf8 37 Ra1 Rxg1 38 Rxg1 Rxh5 39 Rxg7 Bc2 40 Rb7 b5 41 e5 Bf5 42 Rxb5 Rh6 43 Rb8+ Ke7 44 Rb7+ Kd8 45 Ba5+ Ke8 46 Kf4 Bd3 47 Bb4 Kd8 48 Rg7 Ke8 49 Bd6 Be2 50 Kg5 Rh1 51 f4 Rh5+ 52 Kg6 Rh1 53 e6 Bd3+ 54 Kf6 1-0.
Liberson died in his home of a heart attack, the body was found three days later.
Other notable games
Vladimir Liberzon vs Efim Geller, Leningrad 1961, Ruy Lopez, Schliemann Defense, C63, 1-0
Vladimir Liberzon vs Tigran Petrosian, Moscow 1964, French Defense, Winawer Variation, C18, 1-0
Yaacov Murey vs Vladimir Liberzon, Moscow 1965, Sicilian Defense, Paulsen, Bastrikov Variation, B49, 0-1
Vladimir Liberzon vs Lajos Portisch, Yerevan 1965, Sicilian Defense, Sozin Variation, B89, 1-0
Jan Timman vs Vladimir Liberzon, Venice 1974, French Defense, Advance Variation, Main Line, C02, 0-1
Luděk Pachman vs Vladimir Liberzon, Netanya 1975, King's Indian, Sämisch, Orthodox, E87, 0-1
Vladimir Liberzon vs Vladimir Tukmakov, Baleares 1989, Sicilian Defense, Richter-Rauzer, Neo-Modern Variation, B66, 1-0
See also
List of Jewish chess players
References
Bill Hartston in The Independent (April 2, 1997)
A pair of kings, Israeli chess mourns the death of two outstanding champions, by Uri Avner and Ram Soffer, Chess In Israel, August 1996.
External links
1937 births
1996 deaths
Russian Jews
Sportspeople from Moscow
Soviet Jews
Soviet emigrants to Israel
Israeli Jews
Chess grandmasters
Israeli chess players
Soviet chess players
Jewish chess players
20th-century chess players
Çavuşlar is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
William Sneyd (ca. 1614 – January 1695) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Sneyd was the son of Ralph Sneyd of Keele, Staffordshire, a member of the ancient family of Sneyd. He was educated at Chell, Staffordshire under Mr Stevenson and was admitted to Caius College, Cambridge on 7 July 1632. He was admitted at Gray's Inn on 9 May 1634.
In 1660, Sneyd was elected Member of Parliament for Staffordshire in the Convention Parliament. He was a J.P. and was High Sheriff of Staffordshire in 1663.
Sneyd died at the age of 80 and was buried at Wolstanton, Staffordshire on 17 January 1695.
Sneyd married Elizabeth Audeley, daughter of Robert Audeley, of Gransden, and had issue.
References
1610s births
1695 deaths
English MPs 1660
Members of Gray's Inn
Members of the Parliament of England for Newcastle-under-Lyme
High Sheriffs of Staffordshire
The Cracow Klezmer Band was a Polish jazz quartet formed by accordionist and composer in 1997 in the city of Kraków, and recorded for Tzadik Records. The group performed at Jewish Culture festivals in Hungary, Finland, Poland, Prague, and the Czech Republic. Its sound was different from what most people would consider to be traditional klezmer music — instead of danceable versions of traditional Yiddish songs, and free-form fantasies, and laments, The Cracow Klezmer Band played often dark and brooding but soulful and dynamic original virtuoso compositions instead in the klezmer form. Some songs could be considered dance pieces, but there were none of the traditional Bulgars, Freylekhs or Horas.
They also imitated non-musical sounds using their instruments, for example the sound of a creaking ship or a distant crying bird; this actually has a long tradition in klezmer music.
In January 2007, the band changed its name to the Bester Quartet, with the same line-up.
Members
The Cracow Klezmer Band consisted of four members:
Jarosław Bester – accordion
Jarosław Tyrala – violin
Oleg Dyyak – accordion, clarinet and percussion
Wojciech Front – double bass
Discography
The Band released albums on John Zorn's Tzadik record label, with its mandate of "Radical Jewish Culture."
The Cracow Klezmer Band
De Profundis (2000)
The Warriors (2001)
Voices in the Wilderness (2003) - Crakow Klezmer Band perform one track
Bereshit (2003)
Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass (2005)
Balan: Book of Angels Volume 5 (2006)
Remembrance (2007)
Bester Quartet
Metamorphoses (2012)
The Golden Land (2013)
Krakoff (2013)
See also
Culture of Kraków
References
External links
Bester Quartet's Homepage
Album reviews in All About Jazz
Musical groups established in 1997
Klezmer groups
Polish musical groups
Polish jazz ensembles
Tzadik Records artists
1997 establishments in Poland
The Japanese submarine I-176 (I-76, until 20 May 1942) was a "Kaidai" type of cruiser submarine active in World War II. A KD7 sub-class boat, I-176 was built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) in the early 1940s.
The most successful submarine of her class, she severely damaged the heavy cruiser in October 1942 and sank the submarine in November 1943, the only Japanese submarine to sink one of her American counterparts. I-176 was sunk in May 1944 in the western Pacific by the American destroyers , and .
Service
I-176 was ordered in 1939 but construction did not begin until 1941 at the Kure Naval Arsenal in Hiroshima prefecture. On completion in 1942 the vessel was renamed from I-76 to I-176 and was sent initially to Truk in September 1942. On October 13, an American carrier group was sighted off the Solomon Islands. Japanese submarines in the area, including the I-176, were ordered to travel north to carry out an attack but the I-176 was the only Japanese vessel to successfully engage one of the US vessels. She attacked on October 20, 1942, at some southeast of the island of Makira (then known as San Cristobal). The cruiser was badly damaged, suffering 11 killed and 12 wounded. After returning to Sydney, Australia, to carry out repairs, Chester had to withdraw to Norfolk, Virginia, for repairs which kept her out of the war until September 1943.
I-176 was subsequently converted to a transport role, with her gun being removed and fittings for a landing craft being added. She was ordered to Guadalcanal, where she successfully carried out the first submarine resupply operation of the Japanese garrison on the island in December 1942. A second supply mission the following month failed. In March 1943 I-176 narrowly avoided destruction when she was attacked at Lae, Papua New Guinea by US B-25 Mitchell bombers while unloading supplies. Her commander, Yahachi Tanabe, was wounded by machine-gun fire from the bombers and had to relinquish command a few days later.
After several months of repairs in Japan, I-176 returned to Lae, Sio and Finschhafen in New Guinea to carry out a number of successful supply runs between July and October 1943. The submarine was ordered to Truk in November 1943 but her instructions were intercepted by US signals intelligence. Several American submarines in the Truk area were informed that a Japanese submarine was in the vicinity. A message from I-176 was intercepted which reported that the vessel had "Received direct torpedo hit en route to Truk, no damage". It had presumably been attacked by an American submarine but had escaped damage, most likely due to a defective torpedo. On November 16, the probable attacker, , was itself sunk by I-176. The I-176's log recorded that it had fired three torpedoes, claiming two hits which destroyed the target. The loss of the Corvina was not announced until March 14, 1944; she was the only American submarine to be sunk by a Japanese submarine in the entire war.
I-176 returned to Kure in Japan for an overhaul between the end of November 1943 and mid-March 1944. She subsequently returned to Truk in April 1944 and was despatched to Buka Island at the far western end of the Solomon Islands archipelago, where she was to undertake another supply run. She was spotted by a US patrol plane whose radio reports summoned the destroyers , and to the scene. On the morning of May 16, the destroyers began to comb the waters off Buka. Haggard made a sonar contact at . at 21:45 and began dropping depth charges. The other destroyers joined in, carrying out a series of depth-charge attacks that continued for several hours. The following morning, the destroyers found evidence of the destruction of I-176 – fragments of sandalwood and cork and paper marked with Japanese words. There were no survivors. I-176 was presumed lost on June 11, 1944, and was removed from the Japanese Navy List on July 10.
References
External links
HIJMS Submarine I-176: Tabular Record of Movement – Bob Hackett & Sander Kingsepp
Type KD7 submarines
Kaidai-class submarines
Ships built by Kure Naval Arsenal
1941 ships
World War II submarines of Japan
Japanese submarines lost during World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in May 1944
The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Aurangabad in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police. Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation. Aurangabad municipal corporation is located in Aurangabad.
Administration
Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) is the local civil body. It is divided into nine zones. The Municipal Council was established in 1936, the Municipal Council area was about 54.5 km2. It was elevated to the status of Municipal Corporation from 8 December 1982, and simultaneously including eighteen peripheral villages, making total area under its jurisdiction to 138.5 km2 extended its limits.
The city is divided in 115 electoral wards called as Prabhag, and each ward is represented by a Corporator elected by the people from each ward. There are two Committees, General Body and Standing Committee headed by the Mayor and the Chairman respectively. AMC is responsible for providing basic amenities like drinking water, drainage facility, road, street lights, health care facilities, primary schools, etc. AMC collects its revenue from the urban taxes which are imposed on citizens. The administration is headed by the Municipal Commissioner; an I.A.S. Officer, assisted by the other officers of different departments.
List of Mayor
List of Deputy Mayor
Administrative Rule
According to the provisions of Article 2437 of the Indian Constitution and 66 (A) of the Maharashtra Municipal Corporation Act, 1949, the term of a municipal corporation is five years. Also, in accordance with the provisions of the Municipal Corporation Act and especially the provisions of Section 452 (A) and (B), Due to delayed in election because of COVID-19 pandemic and other reasons the State Government appointed Astik kumar pandey(IAS), the commissioner of corporation as the Administrator for the management of the corporation.
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Property tax.
Profession tax.
Entertainment tax.
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax.
Advertisement tax.
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Water usage charges.
Fees from Documentation services.
Rent received from municipal property.
Funds from municipal bonds.
Party Composition
Corporation Election
Political Performance in Election 2015
On Shiv Sena's victory in corporation, Aditya Thackeray, the head of Yuva Sena, a youth wing of Shiv Sena said, "We will not sit at home after our win, we will fulfill all promises that we made during our election campaign. We will make this city stone free and there will be footpaths and clean smooth roads everywhere."
References
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
Government of Aurangabad, Maharashtra
1972 establishments in Maharashtra
Yağcıhüseyin, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Diplopeltoididae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Leptolaimida.
Genera:
Diplopeltoides Gerlach, 1962
References
Nematodes
Marco Weymans (born 9 July 1997) is a professional football player. Born in Belgium, Weymans represents the Burundi national team.
Club career
Having begun his career with Beerschot and PSV, Weymans spent time on trial with Fulham before signing for Welsh side Cardiff City in 2015 on a three-year contract.
He joined Tubize in 2017 and made his Belgian First Division B debut for the side on 20 August 2017 in a game against Beerschot Wilrijk. And in 2020 is beginning the senior Burundi
International career
Weymans was born in Belgium to a Belgian father and Burundian mother. Weymans represented Belgium at several youth levels, the last being at under-19 level. He scored one goal for the side, from the halfway line during a match against Sweden in March 2015.
Weymans debuted for the Burundi national team in a 1–1 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tie with Mauritania on 11 November 2020.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Burundian footballers
Burundi international footballers
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Burundian people of Belgian descent
Belgian people of Burundian descent
Beerschot A.C. players
PSV Eindhoven players
Cardiff City F.C. players
A.F.C. Tubize players
Östersunds FK players
Belgian First Division B players
Allsvenskan players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Wales
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
People from Mouscron
Footballers from Hainaut (province)
A Favor to a Friend is a lost 1919 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Metro Pictures and directed by John Ince. The film starred Emmy Wehlen.
Cast
References
External links
surviving glass slide
1919 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films directed by John Ince
1919 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
American black-and-white films
1919 lost films
Lost comedy films
1910s American films
T. Michael Goodrich is a former CEO and chairman of BE&K. Goodrich joined BE&K in 1972 as Assistant Secretary and General Counsel. In 1989 he was made President and served as Chairman and CEO until 2008.
He is a recipient of the Silver Buffalo and Distinguished Eagle Scout awards from the Boys Scouts of America and sits on that organization's governing board. He was inducted into the National Academy of Construction in 2002 and the State of Alabama Engineering Hall of Fame in 2004.
Goodrich served of the Board of Directors for the University of Alabama at Birmingham Health System and was also a Trustee of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship.
He received a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from Tulane University and a J.D. from the University of Alabama.
References
External links
Forbes profile
Tulane University Bio
profile at Energen
profile at Alabama Academy of Honor
National Executive Board of the Boy Scouts of America members
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lynn Fordham (born April 1963) is a British businesswoman and CEO of SVG Capital, a FTSE 250 Index private equity and investment management business.
Early life
Lynn Fordham was born in April 1963. She received a bachelor's degree in Accountancy from Glasgow University and a Diploma of Business Administration from Warwick University.
Career
Fordham trained as an accountant at Peat Marwick, Mitchell & Co.
Fordham joined SVG Capital from Barratt Developments in July 2008, and was appointed CEO on 20 May 2009, a role she continues to hold.
References
1963 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Alumni of the University of Warwick
British chief executives
Women chief executives
Robert Sundholm (born 1941) is an outsider artist.
A resident of North Bergen, New Jersey, Sundholm became a janitor at the North Bergen town hall and taped his work along the corridor walls. He was discovered in 2009 by an attorney/artist Daniel Belardinelli who curated his first show. His most recent milestones include being curated at the Outsider Art Fair 1/17 as well as being the subject of a video and article for People magazine. Additionally Sundholm donated 21 paintings to the Hanover Charity Benefit hosted by Vanessa Noel.
References
1941 births
Living people
Outsider artists
20th-century American artists
Artists from New Jersey
Artists from New York City
People from North Bergen, New Jersey
The checker-throated woodpecker, checker-throated yellownape, or Javan yellownape (Chrysophlegma mentale) is a species of bird in the family Picidae native to Southeast Asia.
Distribution and Population
The checker-throated woodpecker has a wide range in Southeast Asia and is known to occur in Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, and Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland or montane forests, and the landward edge of mangrove forests.
Ecology
The species has been recorded as breeding in March and April in Malaysia, and between February and June in Borneo, using nests is excavated in deadwood. It feeds on insects supplemented by berries, foraging by gleaning and probing in the lower and middle canopy storeys.
Conservation
The checker-throated woodpecker is greatly threatened by deforestation caused by illegal logging for primary forest wood and the expansion of palm oil plantations and other agricultural developments, and appears to be declining. It is currently classified as Near threatened by the IUCN.
References
checker-throated woodpecker
Birds of Malesia
checker-throated woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Paolo Bucinelli (25 April 1952 – 7 January 2021), known professionally as Solange, was an Italian television personality, psychic and commentator.
Publications
Voglio volervi bene, Milano, Greco & Greco, 1996. ISBN 88-7980-102-3.
Rompi Solange e trovi Paolo, prefazione di Gigi Sabani, Pavia, Il Girasole d'oro, 1997. ISBN 88-7072-801-3.
Io, Solange, vi insegno a leggere la mano e..., Pavia, Iuculano, 2004. ISBN 88-7072-670-3.
Mani da VIP, allegato alla rivista Vero, 2006
Orsacchiotto corallina mamma, Lainate, A.CAR., 2009. ISBN 978-88-6490-002-5.
Esserci. [Poesie, pensieri, foto e l'oroscopo portafortuna per il 2014], Livorno, Debatte, 2013. ISBN 978-88-6297-165-2.
I fiori dentro. Raccolta di emozioni, Villanova di Guidonia, Aletti, 2013. ISBN 978-88-591-1217-4.
Filmografphy
Ragazzi della notte, dir. Jerry Calà (1995)
T'amo e t'amerò, dir. Ninì Grassia (1999)
Solo un'ora d'amore (2006)
Matrimonio alle Bahamas, dir. Claudio Risi (2007)
References
1952 births
2021 deaths
Italian television personalities
Italian psychics
San Juan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 705, making it the least populous county in Colorado. The county seat and the only incorporated municipality in the county is Silverton. The county name is the Spanish language name for "Saint John", the name Spanish explorers gave to a river and the mountain range in the area. With a mean elevation of 11,240 feet (3426 meters), San Juan County is the highest county in the United States.
History
Long before European settlement, the area was regularly explored by the Anasazi, and later the Utes, who hunted and lived in the San Juans during the summer. There is also speculation that Spanish explorers and fur traders ventured into the area in the 1600s and 1700s.
Permanent settlement in the area surrounding present-day San Juan County began in 1860, near the end of the Colorado Gold Rush. These first settlers were a group of prospectors leads by Charles Baker, who made their way into the San Juan Mountains searching for gold.
After the Brunot Agreement with the Utes in 1873, which exchanged for the Southern Ute Indian Reservation and $25,000 per year, several mining camps were constructed. These would later become the communities of Howardsville, Eureka, and Silverton. San Juan County was formed on January 31, 1876, from part of La Plata County.
The region boomed after George Howard and R. J. McNutt discovered the Sunnyside silver vein along Hurricane Peak, outside the mining camp of Eureka. Gold was then discovered in 1882, which helped the county weather the Panic of 1893 far better than other mining communities, such as Aspen or Creede. The Sunnyside Mine would become one of Colorado's longest running and most productive mines.
Mining operators in the San Juan mountain area of Colorado formed the San Juan District Mining Association (SJDMA) in 1903, as a direct result of a Western Federation of Miners proposal to the Telluride Mining Association for the eight-hour day, which had been approved in a referendum by 72 percent of Colorado voters. The new association consolidated the power of thirty-six mining properties in San Miguel, Ouray, and San Juan Counties. The SJDMA refused to consider any reduction in hours or increase in wages, helping to provoke a bitter strike.
The Sunnyside mine was shut down after the 1929 stock market crash, but was acquired by Standard Metals Corp. in 1959, and reopened, finding gold in 1973 with the Little Mary vein. The county's economy was dealt a devastating blow in 1992 when the mine and the corresponding Shenandoah-Dives mill, the last operating in the region, permanently closed. The closure meant the end of jobs for over one third of the county's workforce.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Colorado by area. The county is located in the heart of the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. Though it has the highest mean elevation of any county in the United States, at 11,240 feet (3,426 m), none of Colorado's 53 fourteeners (mountains at least 14,000 feet in elevation) are in San Juan County.
Adjacent counties
Ouray County – north
Hinsdale County – east
La Plata County – south
Montezuma County – southwest
Dolores County – west
San Miguel County – northwest
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 550
National protected areas
Durango-Silverton Narrow-Gauge Railroad National Historic District
Rio Grande National Forest
San Juan National Forest
Shenandoah-Dives (Mayflower) Mill
Silverton National Historic District
Uncompahgre National Forest
Weminuche Wilderness
Trails and byways
Alpine Loop National Back Country Byway
Colorado Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
San Juan Skyway National Scenic Byway
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 558 people, 269 households, and 157 families residing in the county. The population density was one person per square mile (1/km2). There were 632 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.13% White, 0.72% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.36% Pacific Islander, 0.72% from other races, and 0.90% from two or more races. 7.35% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 269 households, out of which 23.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.90% were married couples living together, 8.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.30% were non-families. 36.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.63.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.10% under the age of 18, 4.30% from 18 to 24, 28.10% from 25 to 44, 40.50% from 45 to 64, and 7.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 110.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,764, and the median income for a family was $40,000. Males had a median income of $30,588 versus $19,545 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,584. About 13.50% of families and 20.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.40% of those under age 18 and 7.10% of those age 65 or over.
San Juan county is the only county outside Alaska where walking is the most common form of commute to work. As of 2013, 33% of residents walked to work, 18% drove alone, 19% carpooled, and 18% bicycled, though the small population size introduces considerable margins of error to these statistics.
As of November 2006, the one and only local school had 53 students in grades K–12.
Communities
Town
Silverton
Unincorporated Communities
Howardsville
Middleton
Needleton
Former Communities
Anima Forks (restored ghost town)
Eureka (ghost town)
Politics
In the era of William Jennings Bryan, San Juan County strongly favored the Democratic Party: no Republican managed to carry the county between 1892 and 1916, and it was even one of the few northern or western counties to vote for Alton B. Parker in 1904. It remained a Democratic-leaning county until the 1960s but then turned towards the Republican Party in subsequent decades. No Democratic presidential nominee won San Juan County between 1968 and 2000, although it was one of fifteen rural or remote counties to give a plurality to Ross Perot in 1992. Since John Kerry carried the county for his party for the first time in four decades at the 2004 election, San Juan County has voted Democratic at the last five Presidential elections.
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in San Juan County, Colorado
References
External links
Joint Town/County Planning Department
Silverton Chamber of Commerce
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1876 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1876
Autoimmune autonomic ganglionopathy (AAG) is a rare form of dysautonomia in which the immune system produces ganglionic anti-nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibodies, inhibiting ganglionic AChR currents and impairing transmission in autonomic ganglia. Symptoms onset can be acute, subacute or gradual.
Signs and symptoms
Although symptoms of AAG can vary from patient to patient, symptoms are dysautonomia. Hallmarks include:
Gastrointestinal dysmotility, including lack of appetite, nausea, constipation, diarrhea
Anhidrosis (decreased ability to sweat), often preceded by excessive sweating
Bladder dysfunction (neurogenic bladder)
Small fiber peripheral neuropathy
Severe orthostatic hypotension
Pupillary dysfunction
Syncope (fainting)
Sicca syndrome (chronic dryness of the eyes and mouth) See:
No indication from the history or physical examination of cerebellar, striatal, pyramidal, and extrapyramidal dysfunction, as these features suggest the more serious multiple system atrophy.
Causes
The cause is generally either paraneoplastic syndrome or idiopathic. In idiopathic AAG, the body's own immune system targets a receptor in the autonomic ganglia, which is part of a peripheral nerve fiber. If the AAG is paraneoplastic, they have a form of cancer, and their immune system has produced paraneoplastic antibodies in response to the cancer.
Diagnosis
Traditional autonomic testing is used to aid in the diagnosis of AAG. These tests can include a tilt table test (TTT), thermoregulatory sweat test (TST), quantitative sudomotor autonomic reflex testing (QSART) and various blood panels. Additionally, a blood test showing high levels of the antibody ganglionic nicotenic acetylcholine receptor (gAChr) occur in about 50% of patients with AAG (seropositive AAG). The seronegative patients (those without detectable gAChR levels) are theorized to have one or more different antibodies responsible for the autonomic dysfunction. However, both seropositive and seronegative patients have been seen to respond to the same treatments. A paraneoplastic panel may also be ordered to rule out paraneoplastic syndrome.
Treatment
Where an underlying neoplasm is the cause, treatment of this condition is indicated in order to reduce progression of symptoms. For cases without a known cause, treatment involves suppression of the immune system with corticosteroid treatment, intravenous immunoglobulin, immunosuppressive agents like rituximab, mycophenolate mofetil (Cellcept), or azathioprine (Imuran) or plasmapheresis.
See also
Myasthenia gravis
Dysautonomia
Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome
Multiple system atrophy
References
External links
Channelopathies
Peripheral nervous system disorders
Autonomic ganglia
Autoimmune diseases
The women's 60 metres hurdles event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 of each heat (Q) and next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 4 of each semifinal (Q) qualified directly for the final.
Final
References
Results
60
60 metres hurdles at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
2001 in women's athletics
Bul or BUL may refer to:
Bulgaria
Bul (game), a Mayan board game
Bul FC, Ugandan football club
BUL Transmark, an Israeli handgun manufacturer
Bulgarian language
Bulolo Airport in Papua New Guinea
Buol Island, Indonesia
Cheshvan, a Hebrew month
Lee Bul (born 1964), South Korean sculptor
PPS Bul, sister ship to the Papuan patrol vessel Euatel
See also
Bull (disambiguation)
Buls (disambiguation)
The 2020 United States presidential election in Massachusetts was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Massachusetts voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Massachusetts has 11 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Biden easily carried Massachusetts with a 33-point margin, the largest margin whereby any nominee had carried the state since Lyndon B. Johnson's 1964 landslide. Massachusetts was one of three states where Biden won every county, the other two being Rhode Island and Hawaii. It was the eighth election in a row that the Democratic candidate carried every single county in the state. It is also the second time that a presidential candidate has won Suffolk County with over 80% of the vote in presidential history after Lyndon B. Johnson won the county with over 80% of the vote back in 1964, and the first time that a presidential candidate has won Middlesex County with over 70% of the vote since 1964. In addition, Biden won the following counties with the highest percentage of the popular vote that was seen for a Democratic presidential candidate in history: Barnstable County, Dukes County, and Nantucket County. Biden won nearly 2.4 million votes, the most received by a Democrat in a presidential election in the state's history.
Massachusetts has been a Democratic-leaning state since 1928, and a Democratic stronghold since 1960, and has maintained extremely large Democratic margins since 1996. This remained true in 2020, with Massachusetts being one of six states (along with Hawaii, Vermont, Maryland, California, and New York) to give Biden over 60% of the vote. Massachusetts is ethnically diverse, highly urbanized, highly educated, and among the least religious states. Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden's strength in Massachusetts came from college-educated voters, which he won with 74% of the vote, which carries particular weight in Massachusetts, as the state contains the highest proportion of graduates in the country. Trump's slip among suburban white voters led Biden to carry almost every municipality in the Greater Boston area by at least 60% or more, while Trump carried only several towns on the South Shore and in Central Massachusetts. Biden won 301 of the 351 municipalities. Biden swept all demographic groups, garnering 63% of whites, 84% of Latinos, 58% of Catholics, 56% of Protestants, and 86% of Jewish voters. Additionally, Biden won 52% of whites without a college degree within the state, one of Trump's strongest demographics elsewhere in the country. As in other places around the country, Trump did improve on his 2016 performance in heavily Hispanic cities such as Lawrence, Chelsea, and Holyoke. Trump had the worst vote share in Massachusetts of any Republican nominee since Bob Dole in 1996, and slightly underperformed George W. Bush's 32.5% vote share in 2000.
Massachusetts was one of five states in the nation in which Biden's victory margin was larger than 1 million raw votes, the others being California, Maryland, New York and Illinois.
Primary elections
Presidential preference primaries were scheduled for March 3, 2020, for each of the political parties with state ballot access.
Democratic primary
Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden were among the declared major Democratic candidates. Elizabeth Warren, one of the two current senators from Massachusetts, formed an exploratory committee in December 2018 and declared her intention to run in February 2019.
Republican primary
Massachusetts governor Charlie Baker declined to run, as did former Massachusetts governor and Utah senator Mitt Romney.
Libertarian primary
A number of Libertarian candidates declared for the race, including New Hampshire State Representative Max Abramson, Adam Kokesh, Vermin Supreme and former Libertarian National Committee vice-chair Arvin Vohra.
Green primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
Results
By county
By congressional district
Biden won all nine congressional districts, breaking 60% of the vote in eight of them.
See also
2020 Massachusetts general election
United States presidential elections in Massachusetts
2020 United States elections
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Green Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
Further reading
. (About incident in Dalton, Massachusetts)
External links
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Massachusetts
2020
Presidential
The Nolan Show, hosted by Stephen Nolan, airs on weekdays on BBC Radio Ulster and BBC Radio Foyle from 9:00am – 10:30am.
Nolan has also moved onto a network platform, hosting Question Time Extra Time every Thursday night and a three-hour phone-in program on BBC Radio Five Live every Friday to Sunday night. He has also been voted UK Speech Broadcaster of the Year, and has gained similar success as a television presenter, being voted the Royal Television Society's Presenter of the Year in 2005 and 2006.
Production
The Tuesday to Friday editions of the Nolan Show are broadcast from studios at the BBC Northern Ireland headquarters in Broadcasting House, Belfast. The Monday edition of the Nolan Show is broadcast from MediaCityUK in Salford because of Nolan's BBC Radio 5 Live commitments.
References
External links
BBC Stephen Nolan website
Radio programmes in Northern Ireland
BBC Radio Ulster programmes
Catellus Development Corporation is an Oakland, California based real estate developer founded in 1984 to be the real estate division of Santa Fe Pacific Corporation, as part of the Santa Fe–Southern Pacific merger. It was spun off into its own company in 1989, after the two railroads split. Catellus created contemporary developments throughout California, including the East Bay Bridge shopping center and Bridgecourt apartment complex in Emeryville in the San Francisco Bay Area. Catellus was also a proponent of the Emery Go-Round tram network.
History
In 1984, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and the Southern Pacific Lines announced plans to merge all their assets into a single railway. As part of the merger, Santa Fe Pacific Realty, the real estate arm, was incorporated after the announcement. In 1986, the Interstate Commerce Commission denied the merger, as it would have created a monopoly on mainline freight movements in California and its bordering states. As a result, the two railroads split in 1988. The real estate arm was spun off in 1989 and was renamed Catellus Development Corporation to manage the stations and land parcels next to the railroad tracks remaining under their ownership. It would later come to own numerous properties across the continent.
On June 7, 2005, Catellus Development Corporation announced it will merge into ProLogis (NYSE: PLD) for $3.6 billion ($5.5 billion in 2018 dollars). The deal closed on September 15, 2005.
In late 2010, The private equity firm TPG Capital announced its intent to acquire a collection of real estate and the Catellus trademark from ProLogis. The deal closed in 2011.
Today, the developer operates with headquarters in Oakland, California, with regional offices elsewhere.
Notable assets
In California
The company owned Los Angeles Union Station; they sold it on April 14, 2011, to Metro. Catellus previously held an entitlement from the city council for developing sites surrounding the station until 2022, which included the station's restoration and seismic upgrades, in addition to constructing the MTA Building. The entitlement expired with the sale to Metro.
It remains the owner of the Santa Fe Depot in San Diego, and has created the Santa Fe Place transit oriented development on parcels surrounding it. The Grande twin towers are part of that project.
In the San Francisco Bay Area, it currently owns the Pacific Commons retail center in Fremont. The master planned Alameda Landing, located near Alameda Point is also a current project under their portfolio.
Outside California
Catellus has overseen construction of the master planned Mueller Community in Austin, Texas.
Projects
Airpark 599 - Stockton, California
Alameda Landing and Bayport - Alameda, California
Circle Point Corporate Campus - Westminster, Colorado
East Bay Bridge and Bridgecourt - Emeryville/Oakland, California
Foothill Glen - Union City, California
Kaiser Commerce Center - San Bernardino, California
La Union Station - Los Angeles, California
Mission Bay - San Francisco, California
Source:
Works Cited
External links
Official website
Catellus on Facebook
Southern Pacific Railroad
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Real estate companies of the United States
Stuart William Jamieson (born 1947) is a British cardiothoracic surgeon, specialising in pulmonary thromboendarterectomy (PTE), a surgical procedure performed to remove organized clotted blood (thrombus) from pulmonary arteries in people with chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH).
In his early career, he wrote on xenograft hyperacute rejection and in December 1980 was part of the team that performed the first successful human heart transplant using the then newly discovered immunosuppressant cyclosporine. In 1981, he was part of Bruce Reitz's team that performed the world's first successful combined heart-lung transplant procedure at Stanford University. Following that, he continued to make significant contributions to heart-lung transplant procedures, and led programmes in cardiothoracic surgery in both adults and children.
In 1986, he was elected president of the International Society for Heart and Lung Transplantation (ISHLT), whilst he was professor and head of cardiothoracic surgery at the University of Minnesota. Later, he became dean of cardiovascular affairs and chair and distinguished professor of surgery at the University of California, San Diego, where he co-founded the Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center.
Early life and education
Stuart Jamieson was born in 1947 and brought up in Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe),
where he was educated at Falcon College. His childhood was spent on a 2.5 million acre ranch with pets that included a zebra, an ostrich and a giraffe. At the age of 18, Jamieson was sent to St Mary's Hospital, affiliated with the University of London, to study medicine. He financed his studies by working as a waiter.
Background
The first combined heart-lung transplant was accomplished by Denton Cooley in 1968, in Houston, in a two-year-old girl with severe pulmonary hypertension. Despite surviving less than a day, her case showed that this kind of procedure could be effective. The second such transplant was performed in 1969, by C. Walton Lillehei at Cornell University Medical Center in New York City, in a 43-year-old man with emphysema. He lived for eight days. In 1971, South African Christiaan Barnard, also performed a combined heart-lung transplant in a 49-year-old man with emphysema, surviving for 23 days. The poor survival rates of these early transplantations, primarily resulted from inadequate immunosuppression and difficulties with joining the airways. In addition, Joel D. Cooper had found corticosteroids to weaken the bronchial anastomosis. It was on this background of tragic deaths that Jamieson later acknowledged and shared his research on xenograft hyperacute rejection.
Early surgical career
Following 1971's Life Magazine's media coverage of failed early heart transplantations, Jamieson published his first papers on xenograft hyperacute rejection in 1974 and 1975.
In 1978, the American Heart Association awarded him a fellowship to study at Stanford University under the pioneering heart surgeon Norman Shumway, who had performed the first human heart transplant in America in 1967. Jamieson completed his residency in 1980 and stayed on as chief resident at Shumway's request. Later, he was listed in Clinical Cardiology (2000), as one of Norman Shumway's distinguished trainees.
Before 1980, just under 40 lung transplantation procedures had been attempted, all of which resulted in the patient's death within a few months and just one resulted in the patient's discharge from hospital. In 1979 at Stanford, Jamieson performed 25 heart transplants, comprising more than 50 percent of the total performed globally at that time.
In 1979, he described a series of successful transplantations in primates using cyclosporine, a fungal derivative whose immunosuppressive properties were reported by Jean-Francois Borel. Observing Roy Calne's reports on how cyclosporine led to a reduction in acute rejection and consequent longer survival rates following liver and kidney transplantation, Jamieson then demonstrated the possibility of using cyclosporine in human heart-lung transplantations. Subsequently, with Edward Stinson and Norman Shumway, he published Stanford's achievements in a report in the British Medical Journal (BMJ) on "Cardiac transplantation in 150 patients at Stanford University". This report was one of the developments that supported the recommencement of heart surgery in the UK under Sir Terence English in 1979.
In December 1980, he participated in the first successful human heart transplant using cyclosporine. The recipient was then age 20 and still living in 2017 at the age of 58.
Stanford group
On 9 March 1981, Jamieson was part of the team that achieved the first long-term survival following a combined heart-lung transplant procedure, led by Bruce Reitz and accompanied by John Wallwork and Norman Shumway. The recipient, a 45-year-old woman with Eisenmenger's syndrome, lived for 5 years. A series of combined heart-lung transplant procedures followed in which alternative blood vessels provided blood to the main airways, reducing bronchial restricted blood supply since the coronary blood vessels remained intact after the bronchial artery had been ligated. Use of cyclosporine reduced acute rejection.
Simultaneous work in Toronto, under Joel D. Cooper and the Toronto transplant group also reported success with single-lung transplants and then with en bloc bilateral lung transplants. Over the next two decades, the state of lung transplantation grew and multiple lung transplant centers became global. Bilateral and single-lung transplants continued to account for most procedures performed. Heart-lung transplants became reserved primarily for those patients with the Eisenmenger anomaly or severe primary pulmonary hypertension. Jamieson was responsible for numerous descriptions of early heart-lung and double lung transplant techniques.
He co-founded the International Society for Heart and Lung Transplantation (ISHLT) in 1981 and later became its president in 1986.
In 1982, Jamieson became the director of heart and lung transplantation at Stanford and retained this position until 1986.
Minnesota
In 1986, Jamieson replaced Walton Lillehei at University of Minnesota as director of the Minnesota Heart and Lung Institute, performing Minnesota's first heart-lung transplant in the same year. In 1988, he performed the Midwest's first double-lung transplant.
San Diego
By 1989, Jamieson had transferred his entire surgical team, including Michael Peter Kaye, to the University of California, San Diego. to which he introduced heart-lung, lung, double lung and living-related transplant, and established the first lung transplantation programme to be Medicare certified and co-founded the Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center
The International Registry for Heart Transplantation, which possesses global heart and heart-lung transplants records, and the editorial offices of the Journal of Heart Transplantation also moved to UCSD Medical Center.
Heart-lung surgery
By 1989, he had performed around 500 heart transplants and more than 50 heart-lung transplants. However, due to the shortage of donor supplies, an attempt was made to reduce heart-lung transplants. The heart was increasingly repaired where possible and pulmonary thromboendarterectomy (PTE) performed for Chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH).
PTE is an operation that removes organized clotted blood (thrombus) from the pulmonary arteries of people with chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH). Many physicians have been unaware of the existence of CTEPH and as a consequence it has been underdiagnosed. Jamieson was the first to report that CTEPH can be corrected with PTE.
Jamieson's 2003 publication, describing the first 1,500 cases of PTE, confirmed the benefits of surgery and dismissed the myth that poor right ventricular function disqualified a patient as fit for surgery. He argued that whatever the degree of right ventricular failure, PTA improved patients lives. While medical management may provide some temporary relief of symptoms, PTE is considered curative for CTEPH.
By 2011 there were approximately 30 centers worldwide that offered pulmonary endarterectomy and half of the 4,000 procedures performed were being done by Jamieson's programme directorship at University of California, San Diego (UCSD).
Jamieson pioneered the procedure of pulmonary thromboendarterectomy (PTE). During his four decades at UCSD, he made modifications to the procedure of PTE, adapted surgical instruments and proposed a classification of CTEPH.
Karen (orangutan)
In 1994, Jamieson led the team that performed the first open-heart surgery on an orangutan, Karen, at San Diego Zoo. He repaired her penny-size hole in the heart when she was two years old. She recovered and made headlines.
Personal life
Jamieson is a cattle rancher and commercial helicopter pilot. He has three children.
Awards
Irvine H. Page Atherosclerosis Research Prize of the American Heart Association (AHA) (1978).
Ellis Island Medal of Honor (2008).
ISHLT Pioneer Award (2017).
Selected publications
Jamieson has published more than 500 scientific papers and authored two key medical textbooks on heart and lung surgery.
Autobiography
Close to the Sun; The Journey of a Pioneer Heart Surgeon, RosettaBooks (2019),
Book chapters
"Modern Management of Chronic Pulmonary Thromboembolism including Pulmonary Thromboendarterectomy" in Advanced Therapy in Thoracic Surgery, 2005. (With Michael M. Madani)
Journal articles
"Cardiac transplantation in 150 patients at Stanford University", British Medical Journal, No. 1 (1979), pp. 93–95. (With Edward B. Stinson and Norman Shumway)
"Primary Pulmonary Hypertension and Pregnancy", Chest Journal, Vol. 89, No. 3 (March 1986), pp. 383–388.
"Pulmonary endarterectomy: Experience and lessons learned in 1,500 cases" The Annals of Thoracic Surgery, Vol. 76, No. 5 (November 2003), pp. 1457–1464.
"Pulmonary endarterectomy", US Cardiology, Vol 1, No. 1 (2004), pp. 1–3.
"Technical advances of pulmonary endarterectomy for chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension", Seminars in Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, Vol. 18, Issue 3 (2006), pp. 243–249. (With M. Madani)
“Pulmonary endarterectomy: recent changes in a single institution's experience of more than 2,700 patients”, The Annals of Thoracic Surgery, Vol. 94, Issue 1 (July 2012),
References
External links
Interview with Stuart Jamieson. (2013)
Stuart Jamieson interviews Sir Terence English, (2014)
Stuart Jamieson Professor of Surgery | Cardiothoracic Surgery. (2017)
12th Congress Hellenic Society of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons. (2019)
1947 births
Alumni of Falcon College
Alumni of the University of London
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons
Living people
Physicians of St Mary's Hospital, London
British transplant surgeons
White Rhodesian people
British expatriate academics in the United States
University of Minnesota faculty
University of California, San Diego faculty
Stanford University faculty
Pittosporum divaricatum is a species of plant in the Pittosporaceae family. It is a New Zealand endemic shrub growing up to 3 metres high. It has densely entangled branches growing in a divaricating form typical of many New Zealand small leaved shrubs.
It exhibits a form of dimorphism with leaves differing in form between the juvenile and adult stages and in the adult leaves where two distinct forms are found. The juvenile leaves are narrowly lanceolate to obovate with margins pinnatifid to dentate. The adult leaves exist in two forms, either entire, or almost so, or deeply lobed or toothed. The flowers are borne singly on the end of shoots. The petal is up to 5mm long and very dark red, often appearing black, subtended by sepals which are 2mm long. The fruits contain between 2 and 6 seeds.
References
Flora of New Zealand
divaricatum
Divaricating plants
Eiton Andreas Augustsson (born 26 November 1976) is a Swedish retired footballer who played as a defender. He made his professional debut in Twente, before he moved to Norway in 2001 where in played for Raufoss, Vålerenga and Sandefjord. Augustsson later returned to his native Sweden, where he won the Allsvenskan with IF Elfsborg in 2006. After a spell in Danish club AC Horsens, he returned to Elfsborg in 2011. After winning his second Allsvenskan title with Elfsborg in 2012, he joined GAIS ahead of the 2013 season.
Career
Hailing from Häljarp, Augustsson played for Häljarp IL before he joined Malmö FF's youth squad. He transferred to rivaling club Helsingborg IF in 1992, where he was included in the first-team squad without playing any matches. He moved to Twente in 1995, where he failed to make a break-through in the first team, and played only three league-matches during his time in the Netherlands. Augustsson moved back to Scandinavia in 1998 and joined Norwegian First Division side Raufoss. He was brought to the Tippeligaen side Vålerenga ahead of the 2000 season, as one of Tom Nordlie's first signings. After Vålerenga's relegation from Tippeligaen, he was playing regularly when the team won promotion back to Tippeligaen in 2001. Because of injuries, he only made one appearance in the 2002 season.
The defender returned to the second tier in 2003, when he signed a contract with Sandefjord. The club narrowly missed out on promotion to the Tippeligaen several times during Augustsson spell at the club. In a match against one of Sandefjord's challengers for promotion in 2004, Aalesund, Augustsson got a red card, towards the end of the first half, for biting the opponent goalkeeper Kim Deinoff in the arm. Augustsson said after the match that he was stuck underneath a few players and was struck by panic, but the next day he apologized to Deinoff. Despite playing half the match with ten players, Sandefjord won 2–0. Sandefjord won promotion to Tippeligaen for the first time in history in 2005, after they won 4–2 against promotion-challengers Moss in the decisive match. Augustsson scored one of Sandefjord's goals, while his teammate Andreas Tegström scored a hat-trick. Augustsson left the club after the season.
Ahead of the 2006 season, Augustsson transferred to Swedish club IF Elfsborg where he scored a goal in his first match in the Allsvenskan, against IFK Göteborg on 20 April 2006. He established himself as a regular in the team's defense alongside Jon Jönsson, and Augustsson scored a total of three goals in 26 games when the team won the 2006 Allsvenskan. After playing for the club for three seasons, he left Sweden and transferred to the Danish Superliga side AC Horsens, where he signed a contract lasting until the summer of 2011. Augustsson was the team's captain while playing for Horsens. In October 2010, he expressed a desire to return to Elfsborg, as he had built a new house in Sandared.
Augustsson returned to Sweden and re-joined Elfsborg in January 2011, six months before his contract with Horsens expired. With Jörgen Lennartsson as head coach, Augustsson made 17 appearances when Elfsborg again won the Allsvenskan in 2012. The club did not want to renew Augustsson's contract, which expired after the 2012-season, and he joined the Superettan side GAIS along with Joel Johansson, Mohammed Abdulrahman, Marcus Jakobssen and Hampus Andersson in January 2013. Augustsson signed a two-year contract with the club.
Personal life
Augustsson comes from a family of footballers, and his father, former footballer Bo Augustsson was assistant coach and player developer in Sandefjord during Andreas' spell at the club. In 2005, his brother Jakob also joined the club. Their third brother, Johan is also a footballer. Bo's brother Jörgen was a part of the Sweden national team for the 1974 World Cup. Andreas' cousins Jimmie and Christian are also footballers.
References
External links
Elite Prospects profile
1976 births
Living people
People from Landskrona Municipality
Swedish footballers
Malmö FF players
Helsingborgs IF players
FC Twente players
Raufoss IL players
Vålerenga Fotball players
Sandefjord Fotball players
IF Elfsborg players
AC Horsens players
GAIS players
Eredivisie players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Allsvenskan players
Danish Superliga players
Superettan players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Association football defenders
Footballers from Skåne County
The L&YR Class 2 (Aspinall) was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.
Design and construction
When Aspinall joined the L&YR in 1886 he was able to demonstrate to board needed 1,114 locomotives to operate the required 22¼ million annual mileage and was thus 151 short.
For express passenger engines Aspinall chose to stick with developing the L&YR Barton Wright 4-4-0 with driving wheels. To cope with the locomotive shortage and new route to Liverpool the L&YR ordered a further batch of 16 from Vulcan Foundry who had built the most recent order for 20. Quoted at £1,830 they were delivered in 1887 and incorporated longer wheelbase, increased boiler pressure, larger cylinders and bogie wheels of just over 3ft.
Aspinall had inspirations to increase the size of the driving wheels to with the objective achieve to speed advantages demonstrated by the GNR Stirling 4-2-2 and the LY&R Ramsbottom 2-4-0s. These would come with the Aspinall 7ft3in 4-4-0s in 1891 as L&YR's own new Horwich Works came into operation. In the interim a batch of 30 with 6 ft driving wheels were ordered from Beyer Peacock. The L&YR had strong connections to Beyer Peacock at the time with John Ramsbottom being a both a consultant on the new Horwich Works and a director of Beyer Peacock. The L&YR was able to negotiate a priced fixed at £1,990 for two years and to delay initial deliveries which both helped finances and enabled design refinements to the boiler and motion.
The Beyer Locomotives the L&YR standardized Joy valve gear, and equipped with the swing-link bogie. Other features such as bogie wheels, coupled wheelbase 160psi boiler were the same as the last batch from Vulcan Foundry.
Rebuilds and modifications
The supplied built-up chimneys were replaced with the LY&R standard Horwich parallel type by 1900. Several had their boiler pressure increased to 180psi in the early 1900s but in all but three cases it was reduced back to 160psi by the grouping. Numbers 982, 999 and 1003 were rebuilt by George Hughes between 1910 and 1915 with saturated Belpaire firebox. Some engines feature extended smokeboxs on saturated boilers. After World War I there was tendency to switch tenders with those of other classes and tender coal rails were seemingly randomly fitted although there does appear to be some logic pertaining to the particular duties an individual engine was expected to perform.
Service
Marshall notes the class were popular throughout their network.
The class were initially based mainly in Lancashire mainly working semi-fast passenger trains from Manchester, Colne, Liverpool, Southport, Blackpool and Bradford. Bradford based engines were later displaced by Apsinalls 7ft3in 4-4-0s
29 passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway at the grouping in 1923.
Numbering
Withdrawal
The LMS, which soon moved to a Midland Derby bias, adopted a "scrap and build" as opposed to a "rebuild" engine policy and the Fowler 2P 4-4-0 being been as the LMS standard light passenger engine. Withdrawals began in 1930 and the last locomotive was withdrawn in 1935. None have been preserved.
Incidents
No 987 was scrapped following a collision at on 4 November 1901. No 987 was hauling a Manchester to York passenger train composed of only three bogie coaches due to earlier operational problems. The train mistakenly routed onto the Burnley branch in dense fog conditions where it collided with pilot engine No. 809 pushing it along on an uphill gradient. Both engines were badly damaged; all four locomotive crew were injured, two severely; and four passengers were also slightly injured.
Notes
References
Bibliography
4-4-0 locomotives
02 (Aspinall)
Railway locomotives introduced in 1888
Scrapped locomotives
Korkitony is a village near Chebiemit village, Elgeyo-Marakwet County, Kenya. It is part of Kapchemutwa location of Kamariny Division of Keiyo District. Its local authority is Keiyo County Council and constituency is Keiyo North.
It is the birthplace of famous runner Brimin Kipruto.
Elgeyo-Marakwet County
Populated places in Rift Valley Province
The 1978–79 Danish 1. division season was the 22nd season of ice hockey in Denmark. Eight teams participated in the league, and Vojens IK won the championship. The Frederikshavn White Hawks were relegated.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1978 in Danish sport
1979 in Danish sport
The Yamaha Music Disc Recorder MDR-1 was a floppy disk unit which could be attached to the FX/FS organs and digitally record and play back Electone and Clavinova performances.
Two models were produced:
MDR-1A for the FX-1, and
MDR-1B for the FX-10, FX-20, FS-20, FS-100, FS-30, FS-200, FS-50, FS-300, FS-70 and FS-500.
It used 3-inch compact floppy disks which could store 200 KB per side, at a maximum of nine programs.
It measured 190(W) x 273(D) x 109(H) mm and weighed 4.5 kg.
It was later followed by the MDR-10.
External links
Yamaha Black Boxes | Yamaha MDR1 music disk recorder
MDR-1
Nigerian English, also known as Nigerian Standard English, is a dialect of English spoken in Nigeria. Based on British English, the dialect contains various loanwords and collocations from the native languages of Nigeria, due to the need to express concepts specific to the culture of the nation (e.g. senior wife).
Nigerian Pidgin, a pidgin derived from English, is mostly used in informal conversations, but the Nigerian Standard English is used in politics, formal education, the media, and other official uses.
Sociocultural implications of Nigerian English usage
Nigerian English is a nativized form of English. Like South African English, its nativization and development as a New World English corresponds roughly with the period of colonization and post-colonization by Britain. Nigerian English became a nativized language that functions uniquely within its own cultural context.
Nigerian English has long been a controversial idea, in that the idea of a "Standard Nigerian English" (SNE) is difficult to establish, considering the fossilization that has occurred in the formal instruction of English in many regions of Nigeria, due largely to a variety of factors including "interference, lack of facilities, and crowded classrooms". Due to the contact between British Standard English and Nigerian English, which have two very different sets of grammatical, pronunciation, and spelling rules, there has arisen a predominant occurrence of "faulty analogy" (the assumption that because one grammatical feature resembles another in usage, the rules applying to the former also apply to the latter) in what Okoro refers to as "substandard" varieties of Nigerian English.
However, a few features have united across NE communities that bridge the differences between different varieties even within NE, all pertaining to cultural values that are expressed uniquely in English terms. Two prevalent examples are "sorry" and "sir". The literal meaning of sorry usually indicates some sort of responsibility on the part of the person saying it; however, for all of the varieties of NE, it is used to express sympathy in a unique way, or to show empathy to whoever has experienced misfortune. "Sir," or the replacement of names with titles, indicates respect and a high value for politeness. The tacking on of "sir" to another title (i.e. "Professor sir") illustrates a greater level of prestige than normal, or an instance of being more polite than the norm.
Though the exact levels of Nigerian English usage are contested, one suggestion indicates there are 4 levels of usage within this nativized (but not indigenous) English:
Level 1: Pidgin, spoken as the casual language
Level 2: A step above, and the most spoken. Spoken by those with elementary education
Level 3: Marked by more expansive lexicon, fluency, and using features of Level 1 speakers are "avoided," spoken by those with "secondary education"
Level 4: Proposed as the NSE as its features are very similar (but still characteristically Nigerian) "to Standard English," spoken by those with a college education
These levels are only one proposed differentiation of the pragmatic realizations of Nigerian English. Because of the nature of its presence in Nigeria, English has been a point of contention among Nigerian residents who strive for a more nativisitic lifestyle (i.e. returning to the predominant speech of indigenous languages of the country). However, due to the nature of English's introduction and role in exerting the values of colonization on a post-colonial Nigeria, some would call English inseparable from the nature of language in the region.
Lexico-semantic innovations
There are three basic subsets of innovations that have occurred as a result of the nativization of English in Nigeria: "loanwords, coinages, and semantic shifts".
Loanwords
A loanword is defined by the Oxford Dictionary as "a word adopted from a foreign language with little or no modification". Nigerian English has a plethora of loanwords that have no direct English equivalents, but have rooted themselves into the dialect and have a unique meaning. The examples below of prominent Nigerian English loanwords are provided by Grace Ebunlola (quoting them):
agbada: a kind of flowing dress for men, especially among the Yoruba: ‘Chief Ogini wore agbada to the wedding ceremony.'
babban riga: a kind of long, loose dress for men, especially among the Hausas: ‘I really like your babban riga.'
akara: an item of food, also referred to as ‘bean cake'
akamu pap: a kind of corn porridge: ‘This morning I ate akara and akamu.'
akpu, banga, eba, egusi, ogbono, tuwo: ‘soup' (in various Nigerian languages), as in: ‘Anytime I eat eba I have stomach upset'; ‘Can I eat some tuwo?'; ‘I don't like the smell of akpu'; ‘I would like to eat ogbono soup mixed with egusi.'
danfo, okada: a mode of transportation: ‘You either go by danfo or you take an okada.'
adakaji, oba: chieftaincy titles, as in: ‘The Adakaji II was at the coronation of the oba of Lagos.'
Coinages
Coinages, though similar to loanwords, function as a sort of colloquialism that is spoken in English but has a unique cultural meaning. These are also especially prolific in Nigerian English. Compared to loanwords, coinages typically have a short lifespan and are adopted for unique cultural purposes of the present, and as such, die out quickly after their acquisition.
Examples are provided by Abdullahi-Idiagbon and Olaniyi:
Long-leg (meaning "well-connected")
Free and fair
Come of age
Carpet crossing (equivalent to crossing the floor in the UK)
No-go area
Man of timber and calibre
Money-bag
Political juggernaut/Heavyweight
Political bride (a coalition partner or running mate)
Accord Concordia
Bottom power (woman using her sexuality as a bargaining chip)
Coinages are not the same as acronyms, though Nigerian English also has unique acronyms.
Acronyms serve a variety of functions, and follow the same rules as Standard English acronyms: the first letters are taken from each word in a phrase (especially titles of office, agencies of the government, etc.).
Semantic shifts
The study of semantics is, overall, a general study of the meaning of words.
A common example of semantic shift is in the reappropriation of the meaning of English words for Nigerian purposes and uses. This can cause the original English meanings to be "shifted, restricted, or extended".
For example, in some areas, though the international meaning of trek has a connotation of long distance or difficult journey, the Nigerian use is to "walk a short distance".
A particularly expansive example of semantics in NE is the use of a variety of greetings. This stretching of meaning can not only change the meaning of the English phrase, but also represent something from Nigerian culture: for example, the saying "goodnight, ma" can be said regardless of time of day, and functions simply as an assumption that the person in question will not be seen until the next day. This has especially been noticed in Yoruba culture.
Phonology
As the literature currently stands, most phonological studies have analyzed a plethora of Nigerian English speakers from a wide range of backgrounds (region of origin, current profession, social class, etc.). There has been special focus on such regions as Hausa, Igbo, and Yoruba. Nigerian English can be thought of in a similar way to American English in this approach: just as in American English, Nigerian English varies from region to region, and as such, phonological variables are realized in different ways in different regions.
Some common features across Nigerian Englishes include:
Voiced -z sounds in which the "s" is present in spelling become voiceless, i.e. "boys" is pronounced .
Backing of /ɪ/ vowels into /e/, exhibited in words such as "expect", pronounced /ekˈspekt/ in NE.
Because voiced palato-alveolar fricative /ʒ/ is not present in most Nigerian varieties, any words including this phoneme are converted into the -sh /ʃ/ sound, such as in the word "conclusion", pronounced in NE.
Prosody
Early studies have associated Nigerian English with being syllable-timed rather than stress-timed, but the dialect has thus far evaded specific grouping in either category. Milde and Jan-Torsten suggest that Nigerian English is closer to a tonal language, akin to other West African tonal languages, but rather than tones being associated with stressed and unstressed syllables, they are associated with grammatical functions. They suggest that "articles, prepositions and conjunctions tend to have a low tone, whereas nouns, verbs and adjectives are usually produced with a high tone."
Use in technology
In July 2019, Google announced its new Nigerian English accented voice for Maps, Google Assistant, and other Google products. It is based on work of speech synthesis created by a team at Google led by Nigerian linguist Kola Tubosun. In January 2020, Oxford English Dictionary added over two dozen new words of Nigerian English to the Oxford Dictionary.
See also
References
Further reading
Farooq Kperogi: Glocal English: The Changing Face and Form of Nigerian English in Global World. New York: Peter Lang, 2015.
Languages of Nigeria
Dialects of English
Stephen Simpson Professionally known as (silence) MYƎGO is a musician, beat-maker, producer and dj, born in Huddersfield, UK, his music incorporates elements of hip hop, soul, reggae and electronica.
Career
In 2004 Simpson began his career as a keyboardist with the grammy-nominated artist Estelle, joining her on her 2005 European tour supporting John Legend. Moving to London in the summer of 2007 Simpson began working closely with Russian producer DJ Vadim with whom he formed a production duo "Butterfish Black" and a band "The Electric". After leaving the band in the winter of 2011, Simpson went on to work closely with numerous musical artists including Chipmunk, Liam Bailey, Robinn, Altrego, Natural Self and Hawkhouse before teaming up with Chesca Royalty in 2017 to work on several tracks on her "System Olympia" project.
Style
Simpson's music fuses genres to create a digital-analog hybrid sound using various vintage synthesizers, drum machines and acoustic instruments to create dreamy textures.
Discography
Alice Russell
"Living the Life of a Dreamer" remix (Little Poppet, May 2009)
"Got the Hunger" remix (Little Poppet, May 2009)
Anti-Social (OST)
"Looking Back" w/Shara Nelson (RST Pictures, May 2015)
"Matola" w/Rodney P. (RST Pictures, May 2015)
DJ Vadim
"Hidden Treasure/Saturday/Soldier" 12"/Digital download (BBE, April 2009)
U Can't Lurn Imaginashun LP (BBE, May 2009)
"That Lite" remix 12" (BBE, July 2009)
The Electric
Life is Moving – Instrumentals LP (BBE, June 2013)
Life is Moving LP (O.G.S. Organically Grown Sounds, April 2011)
Toot Toot 12" (O.G.S. Organically Grown Sounds, March 2011)
You are Diamonds 12" (Jakarta, November 2010)
Beautiful w/Yarah Bravo 12" (O.G.S. Organically Grown Sounds, September 2010)
I Blame Coco
"Summer Rain" 12" (Island Records Group, November 2010)
"No Smile" 12" (Island Records Group, November 2010)
"Never Be" (Unreleased, November 2010)
Mr Day
"If I Can't Love You" remix 7" (Favorite Recordings, May 2009)
System Olympia
Dusk & Dreamland LP (Slow Motion Recordings, Jan 2017)
Rising/Setting EP (Slow Motion Recordings, Jan 2017)
"8" 7" (Slow Motion Recordings, Jan 2017)
"Your Not Talking" 7" (Slow Motion Recordings, Jan 2017)
Wax Taylor
We Be/There is Danger EP (Atmosphériques, May 2008)
References
External links
Official site
English record producers
Musicians from Huddersfield
English keyboardists
Musicians from London
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lucirio Garrido is a Venezuelan former track and field athlete who competed in the 3000 metres steeplechase and the 5000 metres. He is the first of a dynasty of Venezuelan international athletes, including his son, Lucirio Garrido Jr. and his grandson Lucirio Antonio Garrido.
Competing from 1970 to the early 1980s, he was a three-time medallist at both the South American Championships in Athletics and the Central American and Caribbean Games, and a six-time medallist at the Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics. He won medals at three editions of the Bolivarian Games, finishing with a steeplechase gold at the 1981 Games.
International competitions
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Venezuelan male long-distance runners
Venezuelan male steeplechase runners
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Venezuela
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for Venezuela
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Competitors at the 1974 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 1982 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Pan American Games competitors for Venezuela
The Surigao del Norte Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Surigao del Norte.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Surigao del Norte.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Eddie Gokiangkee (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Surigao del Norte
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Robert Davidson (1804–1894) was a Scottish inventor who built the first known electric locomotive in 1837.
He was a lifelong resident of Aberdeen, northeast Scotland, where he was a prosperous chemist and dyer, amongst other ventures. Davidson was educated at Marischal College, where he studied second and third year classes from 1819-1821, including lectures from Professor Patrick Copland. He got this education in return for being a lab assistant.
In the 1820s he set up in business close to the Aberdeen-Inverurie Canal, at first supplying yeast, before becoming involved in the manufacture and supply of chemicals.
He became interested in the new electrical technologies of the day. From 1837, he made small electric motors on his own principles.
Exhibitions
Davidson staged an exhibition of electrical machinery at Aberdeen, Scotland, and in Edinburgh where it was viewed on February 12, 1842, by the young James Clerk Maxwell.
Later he exhibited at the Egyptian Hall in Piccadilly in London, where he hoped to attract sponsorship for his work. Among the machines shown were his locomotive, an electrically driven lathe and printing press, and an electromagnet capable of lifting 2 tons.
Electric locomotives
Davidson made a model electric locomotive in 1837. His Galvani of 1842 was a four-wheeled machine, powered by zinc-acid batteries. It was tested on the Edinburgh-Glasgow line in September 1842 and, although found capable of carrying itself at 4 mph, it did not haul any passengers or goods.
Davidson's legacy
He has been described as a forgotten hero and electrical visionary. He could not interest the rail companies; the technology he employed was too expensive.
In 1840, the Aberdeen Banner had predicted that the type of machinery he was producing "will in no distant date supplant steam"; however, it was only when electric locomotives were introduced in the 1890s that the media came to recognize what he had done. He was described as the "oldest living electrician" and The Electrician magazine reported " Robert Davidson was undoubtedly the first to demonstrate the possibility of electrical traction in a practical way".
A working model of his electrical motor can be seen at the Grampian Transport Museum.
Business
After 1843, at home in Aberdeen, he settled down to family life and, for the next fifty years, the running of his business at Canal Road. His earlier invention of a method for large-scale production of yeast, one of the staples of his chemical business, and the manufacture of perfumes were so remunerative that it allowed him to indulge his many interests of astronomy, collecting of fine china, valuable pictures and a large collection of violins.
See also
Neale (electric car)
References
Further reading
The Practical Mechanic Vol II, November 1842 pp 48–51.
J.H.R. Body, "A Note on Electro-Magnetic Engines", Newcomen Society Transactions: 14: 103–107.
Robert C. Post (1974) "Electro-Magnetism and Motive Power: Robert Davidson's "Galvani" of 1842", Railroad History, pages 5–23.
A.C. Davidson (January 1976) "An Ingenious Aberdonian", The Scots Magazine
John R. Stevens (editor) (1989,90) Pioneers of Electric Railroading: Their Story in Words and Pictures, Chapter 1, pages 1 – 6, published by The Electric Railroader's Association
John Aspinall (1909) Presidential Address to the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (appendix) includes extract from Railway Times, 10 December 1842.
1804 births
1894 deaths
Scottish inventors
People from Aberdeen
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Scottish railway mechanical engineers
British railway pioneers
Sustainable transport pioneers
19th-century British businesspeople
Hit24 was a German television channel that mainly broadcast music from the field of rock and roll and pop. The 24-hour special-interest programme featured music clips, hosted music programmes and live concerts. Broadcasting started on 3 April 2004.
The target group was the over 30-year-olds. The program was produced by Mainstream Media AG of media entrepreneur Gottfried Zmeck in Ismaning (near Munich), just like its counterpart in the field of Volkstümliche Musik Goldstar TV.
Distribution
Hit24 was broadcast via satellite and cable networks as part of Premiere's programme bouquet in Germany and Austria. This distribution was discontinued on 1 July 2009 in the course of the conversion of the program offering as a result of the brand change of Premiere to Sky Deutschland. With Sky/Premiere no agreement could be reached on the further distribution of our channel from July onwards was stated on the Hit24's website.
References
External links
Defunct German television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2004
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2009
2004 establishments in Germany
2009 disestablishments in Germany
Wilson Bikram Rai () is a Nepalese comedian, actor, singer, dancer and film producer.
He played the role as Takme Buda on NTV sitcom Meri Bassai (2012–2015). Now he is featuring in the comedy web series Khas Khus. He often imitates the retired ex-British Gurkha army Kirat Kirat accent as 'Takme Buda' to entertain his spectators. He is also the brand ambassador of Italian shoes Black Horse.
Early life
Wilson Bikram Rai was born in Birtamod, Jhapa Nepal where his father and sister still resides. He studied in Little Flowers' English School in Anarmani 4 Jhapa Nepal. His mother Mrs Kamala Rai died when he was 9 years old.
Career
Playback singing
He is active in singing, his songs include:
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star
Pani Pani Pani Jindagani
19 Fauntin youdda Ladhda Pako Mailey Takma
I Love You Santaram
Chanuwa Mitho
Jhyana pultung
Acting
He is known for his role as Takme Buda in Meri Bassai. Before his current role, he hosted a comedy show channel on YouTube, titled The Wilson Bikram Show. He has acted in a number of music videos including:
Adrian Pradhan's Khairo Khairo Kapal Timro
Prakash Poudel's Haa Haa Haa
Parbati Rai's Jhajhalko Aai Rahancha Barai
Kumar Dumi Rai's Soi Dhole Soi
Filmography
Rai has featured in a number of Nepalese films and Tele-Series.
References
People from Jhapa District
21st-century Nepalese male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nepalese male child actors
Nepalese male comedians
Rai people
The South American Under-17 Women's Football Championship (Spanish: Campeonato Sudamericano Sub-17 Femenino) is an international women's association football competition held every two years for South American under-17 women teams and serves as a qualification tournament for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup.
Results
Notes
Performances by countries
Participating nations
Legend
– Champions
– Runners-up
– Third place
– Fourth place
GS – Group stage
— Hosts
FIFA World Cup qualification and results
All editions have qualified three teams to the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. Venezuela has been the only team to win in the quarter-finals of this tournament, placing 4th in 2014 and 2016. Brazil has reached the quarter-final twice. All other CONMEBOL teams have been eliminated in the group stages.
QF = World Cup quarter-final
GS = World Cup group stage
Q = Qualified to world cup
4th = 4th Place
See also
South American Under-20 Women's Football Championship
References
External links
Championship results at the RSSSF
Under-17 association football
CONMEBOL competitions for women's national teams
South American youth sports competitions
The Women's 10 metre platform competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 26 and 27 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 26 June at 12:00. The semifinal was held on 26 June at 19:00. The final was started on 27 June at 19:00.
Green denotes finalists
Blue denotes semifinalists
References
Women's 10 metre platform
Daniel Ernest Cameron (1924 – 12 April 2009) was the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada, from 1991 to 1995, as leader of the New Brunswick Confederation of Regions Party, a conservative political party.
Career
Cameron was born in 1924 at Osgoode, Ontario, the son of James W. Cameron and Euphemia Madden. Cameron represented the riding of York South. He had previously assisted the former Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament as his chief of staff for many years. Cameron served in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II.
He was viewed by many of the more hardline CoR members as being too soft on the issues. The party's machine (President, Executive, Council) tried to overthrow him, but their attempts failed, and although they and the membership elected Brent Taylor as leader, Cameron was able to successfully argue that leadership convention was illegal. After a conflict with the former leader of the party Arch Pafford, Cameron had Pafford expelled from the party, along with those in the party machine who had opposed him. When he stepped down as leader, he was replaced with a candidate that was widely seen as part of the "Anti-Cameron" camp.
Cameron did not run again in the 1995 election. He died aged 85 at Fredericton's Everett Chalmers Hospital.
References
New Brunswick Confederation of Regions Party MLAs
1924 births
2009 deaths
Royal Canadian Air Force personnel of World War II
Radio Day () is a 2008 Russian comedy film directed by Dmitriy Dyachenko.
Cast
Leonid Barats - Lyosha
Mikhail Kozyrev - Mikhail Natanovich
Dmitry Maryanov - DJ Dim
Kamil Larin - Kamil
Nonna Grishayeva - Nonna
References
External links
2008 comedy films
2008 films
Russian comedy films
3D computer graphics, or “3D graphics,” sometimes called CGI, 3D-CGI or three-dimensional computer graphics are graphics that use a three-dimensional representation of geometric data (often Cartesian) that is stored in the computer for the purposes of performing calculations and rendering digital images, usually 2D images but sometimes 3D images. The resulting images may be stored for viewing later (possibly as an animation) or displayed in real time.
3D computer graphics, contrary to what the name suggests, are most often displayed on two-dimensional displays. Unlike 3D film and similar techniques, the result is two-dimensional, without visual depth. More often, 3D graphics are being displayed on 3D displays, like in virtual reality systems.
3D graphics stand in contrast to 2D computer graphics which typically use completely different methods and formats for creation and rendering.
3D computer graphics rely on many of the same algorithms as 2D computer vector graphics in the wire-frame model and 2D computer raster graphics in the final rendered display. In computer graphics software, 2D applications may use 3D techniques to achieve effects such as lighting, and similarly, 3D may use some 2D rendering techniques.
The objects in 3D computer graphics are often referred to as 3D models. Unlike the rendered image, a model's data is contained within a graphical data file. A 3D model is a mathematical representation of any three-dimensional object; a model is not technically a graphic until it is displayed. A model can be displayed visually as a two-dimensional image through a process called 3D rendering, or it can be used in non-graphical computer simulations and calculations. With 3D printing, models are rendered into an actual 3D physical representation of themselves, with some limitations as to how accurately the physical model can match the virtual model.
History
William Fetter was credited with coining the term computer graphics in 1961 to describe his work at Boeing. One of the first displays of computer animation was Futureworld (1976), which included an animation of a human face and a hand that had originally appeared in the 1971 experimental short A Computer Animated Hand, created by University of Utah students Edwin Catmull and Fred Parke.
3D computer graphics software began appearing for home computers in the late 1970s. The earliest known example is 3D Art Graphics, a set of 3D computer graphics effects, written by Kazumasa Mitazawa and released in June 1978 for the Apple II.
Overview
3D computer graphics production workflow falls into three basic phases:
3D modeling – the process of forming a computer model of an object's shape
Layout and CGI animation – the placement and movement of objects (models, lights etc.) within a scene
3D rendering – the computer calculations that, based on light placement, surface types, and other qualities, generate (rasterize the scene into) an image
Modeling
The model describes the process of forming the shape of an object. The two most common sources of 3D models are those that an artist or engineer originates on the computer with some kind of 3D modeling tool, and models scanned into a computer from real-world objects (Polygonal Modeling, Patch Modeling and NURBS Modeling are some popular tools used in 3d modeling). Models can also be produced procedurally or via physical simulation. Basically, a 3D model is formed from points called vertices that define the shape and form polygons. A polygon is an area formed from at least three vertices (a triangle). A polygon of n points is an n-gon. The overall integrity of the model and its suitability to use in animation depend on the structure of the polygons.
Layout and animation
Before rendering into an image, objects must be laid out in a scene. This defines spatial relationships between objects, including location and size. Animation refers to the temporal description of an object (i.e., how it moves and deforms over time. Popular methods include keyframing, inverse kinematics, and motion capture). These techniques are often used in combination. As with animation, physical simulation also specifies motion.
Materials and textures
Materials and textures are properties that the render engine uses to render the model. One can give the model materials to tell the render engine how to treat light when it hits the surface. Textures are used to give the material color using a color or albedo map, or give the surface features using a bump map or normal map. It can be also used to deform the model itself using a displacement map.
Rendering
Rendering converts a model into an image either by simulating light transport to get photo-realistic images, or by applying an art style as in non-photorealistic rendering. The two basic operations in realistic rendering are transport (how much light gets from one place to another) and scattering (how surfaces interact with light). This step is usually performed using 3D computer graphics software or a 3D graphics API. Altering the scene into a suitable form for rendering also involves 3D projection, which displays a three-dimensional image in two dimensions. Although 3D modeling and CAD software may perform 3D rendering as well (e.g., Autodesk 3ds Max or Blender), exclusive 3D rendering software also exists (e.g., OTOY's Octane Rendering Engine, Maxon's Redshift)
Software
3D computer graphics software produces computer-generated imagery (CGI) through 3D modeling and 3D rendering or produces 3D models for analytic, scientific and industrial purposes.
File formats
There are many varieties of files supporting 3D graphics, for example, Wavefront .obj files and .x DirectX files. Each file type generally tends to have its own unique data structure.
Each file format can be accessed through their respective applications, such as DirectX files, and Quake. Alternatively, files can be accessed through third-party standalone programs, or via manual decompilation.
Modeling
3D modeling software is a class of 3D computer graphics software used to produce 3D models. Individual programs of this class are called modeling applications or modelers.
3D modelers allow users to create and alter models via their 3D mesh. Users can add, subtract, stretch and otherwise change the mesh to their desire. Models can be viewed from a variety of angles, usually simultaneously. Models can be rotated and the view can be zoomed in and out.
3D modelers can export their models to files, which can then be imported into other applications as long as the metadata are compatible. Many modelers allow importers and exporters to be plugged-in, so they can read and write data in the native formats of other applications.
Most 3D modelers contain a number of related features, such as ray tracers and other rendering alternatives and texture mapping facilities. Some also contain features that support or allow animation of models. Some may be able to generate full-motion video of a series of rendered scenes (i.e. animation).
Computer-aided design (CAD)
Computer aided design software may employ the same fundamental 3D modeling techniques that 3D modeling software use but their goal differs. They are used in computer-aided engineering, computer-aided manufacturing, Finite element analysis, product lifecycle management, 3D printing and computer-aided architectural design.
Complementary tools
After producing video, studios then edit or composite the video using programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro or Final Cut Pro at the mid-level, or Autodesk Combustion, Digital Fusion, Shake at the high-end. Match moving software is commonly used to match live video with computer-generated video, keeping the two in sync as the camera moves.
Use of real-time computer graphics engines to create a cinematic production is called machinima.
Differences with other types of computer graphics
Distinction from photorealistic 2D graphics
Not all computer graphics that appear 3D are based on a wireframe model. 2D computer graphics with 3D photorealistic effects are often achieved without wireframe modeling and are sometimes indistinguishable in the final form. Some graphic art software includes filters that can be applied to 2D vector graphics or 2D raster graphics on transparent layers. Visual artists may also copy or visualize 3D effects and manually render photorealistic effects without the use of filters.
Pseudo 3D and true 3D
Some video games use restricted projections of three-dimensional environments, such as isometric graphics or virtual cameras with fixed angles, either as a way to improve performance of the game engine or for stylistic and gameplay concerns. Such games are said to use pseudo 3D graphics. By contrast, games using 3D computer graphics without such restrictions are said to use true 3D.
See also
References
External links
A Critical History of Computer Graphics and Animation (Wayback Machine copy)
How Stuff Works - 3D Graphics
History of Computer Graphics series of articles (Wayback Machine copy)
How 3D Works - Explains 3D modeling for an illuminated manuscript
Computer graphics
3D graphics software
Computer graphics
Visual effects
Orhei County was a county (Romanian: județ) in Moldova from 1998 to 2003. It bordered Soroca County, Ungheni County, Bălţi County, Chişinău County, and Transnistria. Its capital was the city of Orhei.
References
Counties of Moldova, Statoids.com
Counties of Moldova
Counties of Bessarabia
1998 establishments in Moldova
2003 disestablishments in Moldova
States and territories established in 1998
States and territories disestablished in 2003
Pierre-Clément de Laussat (23 November 1756 – 10 April 1835) was a French politician, and the 24th Colonial Governor of Louisiana, the last under French rule. He later served as colonial official in Martinique and French Guiana, as well as an administrator in France and Antwerp.
Biography
Laussat was born in the town of Pau. After serving as receveur général des finances in Pau and Bayonne from 1784 to 1789, he was imprisoned during the Terror, but was released and recruited in the armée des Pyrénées. On April 17, 1797, he was elected to the Council of Ancients. After the coup of 18 Brumaire, he entered the Tribunat on December 25, 1798.
He was appointed by Napoleon Bonaparte to be colonial prefect (governor) of Louisiana in 1802 and arrived in the colony on March 26, 1803, just two weeks before Bonaparte made his decision to sell Louisiana to the United States. Laussat was initially only to be the interim head of Louisiana until arrival of the Governor General Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte appointed by Bonaparte. However, when Bonaparte rejected Bernadotte's request for additional settlers and support for the posting, Bernadotte declined the governorship. This left Laussat ruling as governor for several months, during which time he abolished the local cabildo and then published the Napoleonic Code in the colony.
Laussat envisioned bringing forth a rebirth of a prosperous French ; however, not all Louisianans were eager to see Republican France in control of the city. Three-fifths of the Ursaline sisters in New Orleans, along with their mother-superior, decided to abandon the city and head to Havana when the Spanish handed over the city. Lassat and other French officials were contemptuous towards the Spanish officials in charge of the territory; he contrasted the "Spanish spirit" as senile, corrupt, racially weak and effeminately degenerate with the "austerity, efficiency, and virility" of Bonapartist republicanism.
Within several months, Laussat heard that Louisiana had been sold to the U.S. but he did not believe it. On July 28, 1803, he wrote to the French government to inquire whether the rumor was true. On August 18, 1803, he received word from Bonaparte that France had declared war on Great Britain and that he was to transfer Louisiana to the United States.
On November 30, 1803, Laussat served as commissioner of the French government in the retrocession of Louisiana from Spain to France. A few weeks later, on December 20, 1803, Laussat transferred the colony to the U.S. representatives, William C.C. Claiborne and James Wilkinson.
On April 21, 1804, Laussat left Louisiana to become colonial prefect of Martinique, serving until 1809 when he was captured and imprisoned by the British.
In 1810, Laussat returned to France and sought a new governmental posting. He was sent to the French Netherlands to oversee the port of occupied Antwerp (1810–1812) and then to serve as prefect of Jemmape (1812–1814). During the Hundred Days, he served as prefect of Pas-de-Calais until the defeat of Napoleon at Waterloo.
During the Bourbon Restoration, he served as commandant of French Guiana from 1819 to 1823, after which he retired to his ancestral château in France where he died in 1835.
Bibliography
References
1756 births
1835 deaths
Governors of Louisiana (New France)
People of the French Revolution
Governors of French Guiana
French Governors of Martinique
Knights of the Order of Saint Louis
The Australian butterfly ray (Gymnura australis) is a species of butterfly ray, family Gymnuridae.
References
Gymnura
Fish described in 1886
Landen Ridge () is a narrow rock ridge at the east end of Cole Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. During December 1947 it was charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey and photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) under Finn Ronne. It was named by Ronne for David Landen of the United States Geological Survey, who assisted in planning the RARE photographic program and in correlating photographs after the expedition returned.
References
External links
Ridges of Graham Land
Foyn Coast
The 2007 VCU Rams baseball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2007 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Rams played their home games at The Diamond as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association. They were led by head coach Paul Keyes, in his thirteenth year as head coach.
Previous season
The 2006 VCU Rams baseball team notched a 34–24 (18–11) regular-season record.
References
2007 Colonial Athletic Association baseball season
2007
2007 in sports in Virginia
Vcu
2007
A black wolf is a melanistic colour variant of the gray wolf (Canis lupus). Black specimens were recorded among red wolves (Canis rufus), though the colour morph in this species is probably now extinct. Genetic research from the Stanford University School of Medicine and the University of California, Los Angeles revealed that wolves with black pelts owe their distinctive coloration to a mutation which occurred in domestic dogs, and was carried to wolves through wolf-dog hybridization. Besides coat and knee colour, they are normal grey wolves.
Early encounters and speculation
Europe
Linnaeus gave the black wolves of Europe the binomial name Canis lycaon, under the assumption that the species was distinct from grey- and white-coloured wolves. Cuvier and other naturalists largely followed his example. Black wolves were considered rare in France, but common in Southern Europe at the time, with black wolf populations south to the Pyrenees apparently outnumbering other colour morphs. They also occurred in the mountains of Friuli (Italy) and around Kotor (Montenegro). Black wolves were also reported in Siberia as the Vekvoturian Mountain-wolf. Colonel Smith erroneously believed that the so-called "Rossomak" of the Lenas in Siberia was of the same variety. However, in fact, "Rossomak" in Russian exactly corresponds with the English "wolverine", a mustelid species, in English (Gulo gulo in Latin). Black wolves were considered rare in northern Europe; however, Dr. Höggberg, a medical practitioner at Karlstad mentioned five black wolves being killed in the Swedish province of Värmland in 1801. These wolves were completely black and were bigger than the more common grey variety. Their pelts were considered exotic enough to be sold for three to four times the price established for more common colour morphs. Also, the last wolf in Scotland, supposedly killed by MacQueen of Pall à Chrocain, is usually narrated as having been black. Cuvier noted that European black wolves differed little in size from other colour morphs, but exceeded them in physical strength. Charles Hamilton Smith wrote that black wolves were generally less aggressive than ordinary kinds, and interbred with dogs more readily. In Serbia (Southeastern Europe, the Balkan Peninsula) indicated that on 17 November 2012, a black wolf was killed at Stara Mountain.
Asia
Black wolves were occasionally reported in Asia. The "Derboun" of the Arabian mountains and southern Syria was a small black wolf which apparently was considered by the Arabs to be more closely related to dogs, as they freely ate its flesh like any other game, unlike with regular wolves which had an unpleasant odour. Black wolves in Tibet are known locally as chanko nagpo, and are considered bolder and more aggressive than the pale-coloured variety. Small populations inhabit Ladakh.
North America
Although the black wolves of America were originally given the same binomial name as those in Europe, Anselme Gaëtan Desmarest believed that they were a different species. Historically, the natives of the banks of the Mackenzie River, Saskatchewan River and southern Canada apparently never viewed black wolves as a distinct species. In his 1791 book Travels, William Bartram mentioned seeing black wolves among the few red wolf populations he saw in Florida. He stated that they were "perfectly black", except the females which were described as having a white spot on the breast. Bartram also described a "black wolf-dog of the Florida Indians" which was identical to the local wolves, save for the fact that it could bark, and could be trusted around horses. The fur of a black wolf was once considered by the natives of New England to be worth over 40 beaver skins. A chieftain accepting a gift of black wolf fur was seen as an act of reconciliation. The black wolves of the Southern United States were considered a separate species to the northern kind due to differences in colour and morphology, and were named dusky or clouded wolves (Canis nubilus). The dusky wolves occurred in the Missouri Territory, and were intermediate in size between common wolves and coyotes. They apparently produced a foul odour. On January 15, 2009, a male black wolf from "Mollie's Pack" in the Yellowstone National Park's Pelican Valley was weighed in at 143 lbs, making it the largest Yellowstone wolf on record.
Adolph Murie was among the first wolf biologists to speculate that the wide color variation in wolves was due to interbreeding with dogs;
In 2008, Dr. Gregory S. Barsh, a professor of genetics and pediatrics at the Stanford University School of Medicine used molecular genetic techniques to analyze DNA sequences from 150 wolves, half of them black, in Yellowstone National Park, which covers parts of Wyoming, Montana and Idaho. It was discovered that a gene mutation responsible for the protein beta-defensin 3, known as the K locus, is responsible for the black coat colour in dogs. After finding that the same mutation was responsible for black wolves in North America and the Italian Apennines, he set out to discover the origin of the mutation. Dr. Barsh and his colleagues concluded that the mutation arose in dogs 12,779 to 121,182 years ago, with a preferred date of 46,886 years ago after comparing large sections of wolf, dog and coyote genomes. At the University of California, Los Angeles, Robert K. Wayne, a canine evolutionary biologist, stated that he believed that dogs were the first to have the mutation. He further stated that, even if it originally arose in Eurasian wolves, it was passed on to dogs who, soon after their arrival, brought it to the New World and then passed it on to wolves and coyotes. Black wolves with recent dog ancestry tend to retain black pigment longer as they age. This beta-defensin K locus mutation is a dominant black mutation that occurs in many domestic dog breeds.
However, a recessive black gene also occurs in a few domestic dog breeds (notably in all-black German Shepherds, but also in some black Border Collies, Australian Shepherds, and Belgian Shepherds). This recessive allele is a recessive allele in the Agouti gene in dogs (R96C arginine to cysteine mutation at codon 96).
This recessive black gene is also thought to have derived from wild Eurasian black wolves, with one such Russian wolf (a gray male heterozygous recessive carrier who sired black offspring with a domestic black sheepdog) was identified in studies conducted in the 1920s by a Russian biologist.
Scientists have recently discovered a melanistic Indian wolf, a member of the lineage of wolves that has been described by some scientists as "the oldest lineage of wolves". These scientists (Lokhande and Bajaru) have argued that the presence of melanistic Indian wolves may indicate that the cause of wolf melanism may be more complex than the hypothesis that a single gene for melanism in ancient Old World wolves was acquired by domestic dogs, then lost in wild wolf populations, and then reintroduced into wild wolf populations by interbreeding with domestic dogs. These scientists argue that the melanistic Indian wolf "challenges the hypothesis of complete disappearance of the gene responsible for the black coat colour from the gene pool of the Old World wolves" and "may indicate the recent re-introduction of the gene from dogs to Indian wolves through hybridisation, or recurrence of an independent mutation
in Indian wolves."
Function
As black-coloured wolves occur more frequently in forested areas than on the tundra (black coats occur in about 62% of wolves in the forested areas of the Canadian Arctic, compared with about 7% in the icy tundra), melanism was concluded by the researchers to give those wolves an adaptive advantage. The mutation's purpose has not yet been identified. Dr. Barsh ruled out camouflage, as wolves have few natural predators, and there is no evidence that a black coat colour leads to any increase in hunting success rates. Dr. Barsh observed that beta-defensin is involved in providing immunity to viral and bacterial skin infections, which might be more common in forested, warmer environments. It has been suggested that the mutation's association with forested habitats means that the prevalence of melanism should increase as forests expand northward. Dark fur is believed to be dominant in wolves. A mating between a black and a gray wolf resulted in 10 pups with dark fur out of a total of 14.
Distribution
Black wolves rarely occur in Europe and Asia, where interactions with domestic dogs have been reduced over the past thousand years due to the depletion of wild wolf populations. They have occasionally appeared, as wolf-dog hybrids are known in Russia as "black wolves", and currently, 20–25% of Italy's wolf population is composed of black animals. They are more common in North America; about half of the wolves in the reintroduced wolf population in Wyoming's Yellowstone National Park are black. Like Pyrenean wolves, black wolves do not live in France. In southern Canada and Minnesota, the black phase is more common than the white, though gray-coloured wolves predominate.
References
Wolf-dog hybrids
Wolves
Animal coat colors
Metamecyna is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Metamecyna flavoapicalis Breuning, 1969
Metamecyna uniformis Breuning, 1939
References
Apomecynini
Taxa named by Stephan von Breuning (entomologist)
The 2016 Missouri Valley Conference men's soccer tournament was the 26th edition of the tournament. It determined the Missouri Valley Conference's (MVC) automatic berth in the 2016 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. Missouri State University hosted the tournament at Betty & Bobby Allison South Stadium on the Missouri State campus in Springfield, Missouri on November 8, 9, 11 &13, 2016.
The second-seeded SIUE Cougars won the tournament, beating the fifth-seeded Missouri State Bears 1–0 in the championship match. It was SIUE's second MVC championship.
Qualification
In a departure from the past, all seven teams in the Missouri Valley Conference qualified for the tournament with seeding based on their conference regular season records. The two top-seeded teams received first round byes, and the two bottom-seeded teams met in a play-in game.
Bracket
Television/internet coverage
All games will be streamed live on The Valley on ESPN3.
Schedule
Statistics
2016 MVC Men's Soccer All-Tournament team
2016 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Soccer Tournament MVP— Austin Ledbetter, SIUE
Richard Olson, Bradley
Wes Carson, Central Arkansas
Mueng Sunday, Drake
Ian McGrath, Evansville
Zac Blaydes, Evansville
Ryan Howe, Loyola
Kevin Engesser, Loyola
Rob Oslica, Missouri State
Jake Buckle, Missouri State
Emmerich Hoegg, Missouri State
Kyle Dal Santo, SIUE
Devyn Jambga, SIUE
Keegan McHugh, SIUE
See also
Missouri Valley Conference
2016 Missouri Valley Conference men's soccer season
2016 NCAA Division I men's soccer season
2016 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship
References
2016
A sunburst is a design or figure commonly used in architectural ornaments and design patterns and possibly pattern books. It consists of rays or "beams" radiating out from a central disk in the manner of sunbeams. Sometimes part of a sunburst, a semicircular or semi-elliptical shape, is used. Traditional sunburst motifs usually show the rays narrowing as they get further from the centre; from the later 19th century they often get wider, as in the Japanese Rising Sun Flag, which is more appropriate in optical terms.
In architecture, the sunburst is often used in window designs, including fanlights and rose windows, as well as in decorative motifs. The sunburst motif is characteristic of Baroque church metalwork, especially monstrances and votive crowns, and Art Deco and Art Nouveau styles as well as church architecture. A sunburst is frequently used in emblems and military decorations.
Sunbursts can appear in photographs when taking a picture of the Sun through the diaphragm of a lens set to a narrow aperture due to diffraction; the effect is often called a sunstar
In information visualization, a sunburst diagram or sunburst chart is a multilevel pie chart used to represent the proportion of different values found at each level in a hierarchy.
Badges
The sunburst was the badge of king Edward III of England, and has thus become the badge of office of Windsor Herald.
Gallery
See also
Footnotes
Ornaments (architecture)
Visual motifs
Solar symbols
Sunburst is a section.
A religious reform (from Latin re: back, again, and formare: to form; i.e. put together: to restore, reconstruct, or rebuild) aims at the reform of religious teachings. It is not to be confused with an organizational reform of a religious community, though mostly this is a consequence of a reform of religious teachings.
Definition
Religious reforms are performed when a religious community reaches the conclusion that it deviated from its - assumed - true faith. Mostly religious reforms are started by parts of a religious community and meet resistance in other parts of the same religious community. Religious reforms usually lead to a reformulation of the religious teachings held for true, and to the condemnation resp. rejection of teachings held for wrong.
Mostly the deviation from the assumed true faith which gives reason for a religious reform crept in over a longer period of time, sometimes over centuries. A religious reform is always a reorientation at the historical beginnings of a religion (therefore: re-formare, reconstruct) under the perspective of the present time and with the knowledge of the present time. A typical example for deviations from an assumed true faith are social changes within society which lead a loss purpose for ethical prescriptions, so they have to be replaced by other ethical prescriptions in order to protect the underlying, unchanged value for the future. Another typical example is the factual falsification of traditional views, e.g. by better insights into historical events or into natural science, by which the traditional views are falsified.
The eternally continuing change of society and the progress of human knowledge are the reasons why a "final" reform of religious teachings is not possible. Religious teachings have to be reformed again and again. This realization was formulated in a concise sentence by Karl Barth in 1947: Ecclesia semper reformanda est, i.e. The church is always to be reformed.
Religious reforms do not aim at an adjustment to the spirit of the time in the first place, yet they naturally bring about certain adjustments to the present time, since the religious tradition is reconsidered and reformed under the perspective of the present time and with the knowledge of the present time. A full adjustment of a religious teaching to the spirit of the present time cannot be expected from a credible religious reform. Religious reforms which do not aim at the reestablishment of an assumed true faith in the first place, yet at a mere adjustment of religious teaching to the spirit of the time without respect to an assumed true faith are no religious reforms, strictly speaking. Their purpose is questionable since those reforms are not based on the faith of the believers. Reforms of this nature are often based on compulsion and are usually not long-lasting but are reversed in the next generations. An example is the attempt of the Roman emperor Julian the Apostate to restore paganism as state religion.
The opponents of justified religious reforms are called traditionalists, their ideology is traditionalism. The adherents of reforms to adjust to the spirit of the time in the first place without respect for an assumed true faith are called modernists, their ideology is modernism. Both concepts were coined by Christian-Catholic historical developments, yet today they are applied to all religions.
Famous examples of religious reforms
The Buddhist councils for the clarification of the teachings of the Buddha.
The First Council of Nicaea for the clarification of the doctrine of the Trinity, 325 AD.
The Muslim Muʿtazila movement of the 8th to 10th centuries.
The Protestant Reformation of 1517 by Martin Luther, John Calvin and others.
The introduction of the Historical-Critical Method in Christianity in the 19th and 20th century.
The Second Vatican Council of the Catholic Church, 1962–1965.
See also
Aggiornamento
Gamaliel's principle
Sociology of religion
Religious studies
Criticism of Christianity
Criticism of Islam
Islamic Modernism
Bibliography
Ronald L. Johnstone: Religion in Society: A Sociology of Religion, Pearson/Prentice Hall, 2006.
Armin W. Geertz, Jeppe Sinding Jensen: Religion, Tradition, and Renewal, Aarhus Universitetsforlag, 1991.
Michael Molloy, Richard C. Trussell: Experiencing the World's Religions: Tradition, Challenge and Change, McGraw-Hill Higher Education, 1998.
John P. Bradbury: Perpetually Reforming: A Theology of Church Reform and Renewal, 2013.
External links
Religious Reforms, General thoughts on reform on Almuslih.org.
References
Reform
Religion
The enzyme 3-chloro-D-alanine dehydrochlorinase (EC 4.5.1.2) catalyzes the reaction
3-chloro-D-alanine + H2O = pyruvate + chloride + NH3 (overall reaction)
(1a) 3-chloro-D-alanine = chloride + 2-aminoprop-2-enoate
(1b) 2-aminoprop-2-enoate = 2-iminopropanoate (spontaneous)
(1c) 2-iminopropanoate + H2O = pyruvate + NH3 (spontaneous)
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of carbon-halide lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-chloro-D-alanine chloride-lyase (deaminating; pyruvate-forming). Other names in common use include β-chloro-D-alanine dehydrochlorinase, and 3-chloro-D-alanine chloride-lyase (deaminating). It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
References
EC 4.5.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
First Baptist Church (First Missionary Baptist Church) is a historic Baptist church at 707 South Street in Greenville, Alabama. It was founded and built in 1908 by Rev. Stuart Adams and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Churches completed in 1908
Churches in Butler County, Alabama
Greenville, Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Butler County, Alabama
1908 establishments in Alabama
Wenxing Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Eydie in Love is a 1958 album by Eydie Gormé with arrangements by Don Costa. The album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Performance, Female at the 1st Annual Grammy Awards.
Track listing
"When the World Was Young" (, , Johnny Mercer) – 3:54
"In Love In Vain" (Jerome Kern, Leo Robin) – 3:12
"Here I Am In Love Again" (Moose Charlap)– 3:20
"Why Shouldn't I?" (Cole Porter) – 2:50
"In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning" (Bob Hilliard, David Mann) – 2:57
"Love Letters" (Victor Young, (Edward Heyman) – 3:12
"Fly Me to the Moon (In Other Words)" (Bart Howard) – 3:04
"When I Fall in Love" (Victor Young, Edward Heyman) – 2:56
"Idle Conversation" (Johnny Burke) – 2:42
"Why Try to Change Me Now?" (Cy Coleman, Joseph McCarthy) – 3:28
"Impossible" (Steve Allen) – 3:15
"It Could Happen to You" (Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke) – 3:17
Personnel
Eydie Gormé – vocals
Don Costa – arranger
References
External links
1958 albums
Albums arranged by Don Costa
Eydie Gormé albums
ABC Records albums
South Carolina gained one representative as a result of the 1810 Census, increasing from 8 seats to 9. Its elections were held October 12–13, 1812.
See also
United States House of Representatives elections, 1812 and 1813
List of United States representatives from South Carolina
Notes
References
1812
South Carolina
United States House of Representatives
Hereford Square is a garden square in South Kensington, London SW7. It lies to the west of Gloucester Road, which forms the east side of the square. Wetherby Place is the western continuation, running off the north-west corner of the square.
10–23 and 27–35 Hereford Square have been listed Grade II on the National Heritage List for England since November 1984.
The private communal gardens in the centre of Hereford Square are in size.
The garden was used as a baseball field during World War II by American soldiers.
History
Hereford Square was built by the architect Thomas Holmes from 1845 to 1850.
Notable buildings and residents
George Crichton Wells (1914–1999), dermatologist
George Borrow (1803–1881), lived at No. 22.
Frederick William Hulme (1816–1884), landscape painter and illustrator, lived at No. 4, according to the 1851 census.
John Arrowsmith, cartographer, lived at No. 35 from 1861 to 1873.
Robert Nandor Berki, political scientist, lived at No. 7 in the late 1950s.
William Henry Brookfield, clergyman, died at No. 16 in 1874.
H. O. Arnold-Forster, writer and politician, died at No. 27 in 1909.
The artist Walter Sickert and his wife Ellen stayed at No. 10 Hereford Square in the autumn of 1890 with Ellen's sister, Jane Cobden. The model and writer Tara Moss recalled living in a "freezing granny flat" of a mansion in Hereford Square while she worked as a babysitter during the early days of her modelling career in her 2014 memoir The Fictional Woman.
The writer and social activist Frances Power Cobbe lived with her partner, the sculptor Mary Lloyd, at No. 26 from 1862 to 1884.
Fictional references
The central character in Iris Murdoch's A Severed Head lives in Hereford Square.
References
External links
1845 establishments in England
Communal gardens
Grade II listed buildings in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Grade II listed houses in London
Houses completed in the 19th century
Hereford Square
Streets in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
The lattice-tailed trogon (Trogon clathratus) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae, the quetzals and trogons. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The lattice-tailed trogon is monotypic.
Description
The lattice-tailed trogon is about long and weighs about . The male has a yellow bill, a whitish eye, and a blackish face, chin, and throat. The crown, nape, upperparts, and breast are iridescent green. The belly and vent are rosy red. The folded wing has fine black and white vermiculation that looks gray at a distance. The upperside of the tail is bluish green and underside slate gray with fine white bars. The female replaces the male's green with slaty gray, with an olive tint to the breast. The female's maxilla is dark.
Distribution and habitat
The lattice-tailed trogon is found along the Caribbean slope for the length of Costa Rica and into western Panama; it is also found locally on the Pacific slope in Panama. It inhabits the midstory and lower canopy of mature humid to wet foothill and lower mountain forest. It is usually found in the forest interior but also at the edges and into shady semi-open landscapes. In elevation it ranges between . It descends to the lower elevations towards the end of the rainy season, but is almost never found in the level lowlands.
Behavior
Feeding
The lattice-tailed trogon's diet is mostly fruits and large insects but also occasionally includes small frogs and lizards.
Breeding
The lattice-tailed trogon's breeding season extends from February to May. It nests in a cavity excavated in a rotten tree or snag and sometimes an arboreal termitarium, usually between above ground.
Vocalization
The lattice-tailed trogon's song is a "rapid series of c.15 loud, resonant clucking 'kwa' notes rising in pitch and volume to a crescendo in [the] middle, then becoming faster, lower and softer".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the lattice-tailed trogon as being of The Least Concern, though it has a restricted range and its unquantified population is believed to be decreasing. "Habitat destruction within its range [is] now extensive, however, and careful evaluation of status needed."
References
lattice-tailed trogon
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
lattice-tailed trogon
lattice-tailed trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Demirciören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Dystasiopsis malaccana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1974.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1974
A Pinard horn is a type of stethoscope used to listen to the heart rate of a fetus during pregnancy. It is a hollow horn, often made of wood or metal, about long. It functions similarly to an ear trumpet by amplifying sound. The user holds the wide end of the horn against the pregnant woman's abdomen, and listens through the other end.
History
The Pinard horn was invented by Dr. Adolphe Pinard, a French obstetrician, during the 19th century. Pinard was an early supporter of advancements in prenatal care, including closer fetal health monitoring.
Current use
Pinard horns continue to be used around the world, particularly by midwives, but also by doctors and nurses. It provides an alternative to the more expensive Doppler foetal monitor. Another alternative is the fetoscope, which is a stethoscope designed for auscultating fetuses. Below is a quote from a midwife in Mexico describing using the Pinard horn:
A Pinard horn may be used to determine the position of the fetus. A Pinard horn is more precise than a Doppler device for this purpose. A Doppler device detects a heart tone farther away from the location of origin. A Pinard horn must be pressed to a location very close to the fetal heart in order to detect it, providing a more accurate indication of fetal position. A doctor, nurse, or midwife can also use palpation and auscultation to determine fetal position.
See also
Doppler ultrasound
Fetal heart rate
Fetoscopy
References
Diagnostic obstetrics and gynaecology
Medical equipment
Midwifery
Man of the Moment is a 1955 British comedy film starring Norman Wisdom, Belinda Lee, Lana Morris and Jerry Desmonde. The film includes songs sung by the Beverley Sisters, including, "Dreams for Sale" (Arthur Groves, Peter Carroll), "Beware" (Norman Wisdom), "Yodelee Yodelay", and "Man of the Moment" (Jack Fishman).
Plotline
Norman, a file clerk in the (fictional) British Ministry of Overseas Affairs, becomes a British delegate to a diplomatic conference in Geneva, as there is no one else available. He accidentally votes against a motion that would allow intervention in the affairs of the (fictional) peaceful Pacific island nation of Tawaki. This earns him the gratitude of the Queen of Tawaki, who leaves all matters concerning her nation's future in the hands of 'Honourable Sir Norman'.
The furious governments, including America, Great Britain and the Soviet Union, which want to establish a military base on one of Tawaki's outlying islands, shower honours on Norman to persuade him to influence the Queen in their favour. One government sends a glamorous film star to seduce him before killing him, but fails in the attempt. He is then sent a parcel bomb, but he evades it. Finally, they kidnap his new girlfriend Penny. Norman chases the thugs through BBC studios, causing chaos in programmes being transmitted live.
Finally, Norman, now apparently an Ambassador, travels to Tawaki. As he addresses the Queen, a volcanic eruption completely destroys the island the governments had designs on.
Cast
Trivia
The television programmes interrupted by Norman chasing the thugs who kidnapped Penny comprise;
a cookery session by Philip Harben, whose nearly-ready souffle is destroyed.
A scene from The Grove Family, in which 'Granny Grove' trips up the thugs.
Fabian of the Yard, in which 'Fabian' attempts to arrest them.
A scene from a Greek drama is disrupted.
Production
It was Norman Wisdom's third film. Producer Hugh Stewart reportedly gave up the chance to make A Town Like Alice to do the film. It was one of several comedies Lee made at Rank.
Critical reception
TV Guide noted, "some fine slapstick moments, including a television studio chase that interrupts several programs."
David Parkinson gave the film three out of five stars in the Radio Times, writing, "Norman Wisdom is almost at the peak of his powers in this typically silly comedy, in which, as ever, slapstick and sentiment jostle for centre stage....Although we usually think of Wisdom as a bashful bungler, he also did a nice line in cockiness, and it's surprisingly amusing to watch Whitehall and Geneva dance to his tune. Jerry Desmonde again provides supreme support as the stooge."
Box Office
The film was a huge hit in Hungary with over two million of the population of ten million going to see it.
References
External links
Man of the Moment at Letterbox DVD
Man of the Moment at BFI
Man of the Moment available for free download at Internet Archive
Review of film at Variety
1955 films
1955 comedy films
British black-and-white films
Films directed by John Paddy Carstairs
Films set in Geneva
Films with screenplays by John Paddy Carstairs
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
British comedy films
Films about diplomats
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
Ben Michael Goldacre (born 20 May 1974) is a British physician, academic and science writer. He is the first Bennett Professor of Evidence-Based Medicine and director of the Bennett Institute for Applied Data Science at the University of Oxford. He is a founder of the AllTrials campaign and OpenTrials to require open science practices in clinical trials.
Goldacre is known in particular for his Bad Science column in The Guardian, which he wrote between 2003 and 2011, and is the author of four books: Bad Science (2008), a critique of irrationality and certain forms of alternative medicine; Bad Pharma (2012), an examination of the pharmaceutical industry, its publishing and marketing practices, and its relationship with the medical profession; I Think You'll Find It's a Bit More Complicated Than That, a collection of his journalism; and Statins, about evidence-based medicine. Goldacre frequently delivers free talks about bad science; he describes himself as a "nerd evangelist".
Early life and education
Goldacre is the son of Michael Goldacre, a professor of public health at the University of Oxford, and Susan Traynor (stage name Noosha Fox) lead singer of 1970s pop band Fox, both of whom are Australian. He is the nephew of Robyn Williams, a science journalist, and the great-great-grandson of Henry Parkes, politician and journalist who is considered the father of the Australian Federation. He has three children.
Goldacre was educated at Magdalen College School, Oxford. He studied medicine at Magdalen College, Oxford, where he obtained a first-class Bachelor of Arts honours degree during his preclinical studies in 1995 in Physiological Sciences. He edited the Oxford student magazine, Isis.
Goldacre was a visiting researcher in cognitive neuroscience at the University of Milan, working on fMRI brain scans of language and executive function. Following his studies at the Universities of Oxford and Milan, Goldacre studied clinical medicine at UCL Medical School, qualifying as a medical doctor in 2000 with a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MB, BS) degree. He also received a Master of Arts degree in philosophy from King's College London in 1997.
Career and research
Scientific career
Goldacre passed the Member of the Royal College of Psychiatrists (MRCPsych) Part II examinations in December 2005 and became a member of the Royal College of Psychiatrists. He was made a research fellow at the Institute of Psychiatry in London in 2008, and a Guardian research fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford, in 2009.
In 2012, Goldacre was appointed a Wellcome Trust Research Fellow in Epidemiology at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine.
In 2015, Goldacre moved to the Nuffield Department of Primary Care Health Sciences's Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine at the University of Oxford, joining a project funded by a grant from the Laura and John Arnold Foundation. In 2022, he became the first Bennett Professor of Evidence-Based Medicine and director of Oxford's newly-established Bennett Institute for Applied Data Science.
As of 2016, according to Scopus and Google Scholar his most cited articles have been published in NeuroReport, the European Journal of Preventive Cardiology, the British Medical Journal, The Lancet, and PLOS ONE.
In 2020, Goldacre was, with Liam Smeeth, the principal investigator of the OpenSAFELY collaboration which created a software platform to analyse the records of 24 million NHS patients to provide detailed risk factors for hospital deaths from COVID-19.
"Bad Science" Guardian column and blog
Goldacre was known for his weekly column, "Bad Science", which ran in the Saturday edition of The Guardian from 2003 until November 2011. The column focused on pseudoscience and the misuse of science. Topics discussed included marketing, the media, quackery, problems with the pharmaceutical industry, and its relationship with medical journals.
Goldacre has criticised anti-immunisation campaigners (particularly followers of Andrew Wakefield such as Melanie Phillips and Jeni Barnett), Brain Gym, bogus positive MRSA swab stories in tabloid newspapers, publication bias, and the makers of the product Penta Water.
He has been a particularly hardline critic of the nutritionist Gillian McKeith. While investigating McKeith's membership of the American Association of Nutritional Consultants, Goldacre obtained a professional membership on behalf of his late cat, Henrietta, from the same institution for $60. In February 2007, McKeith agreed to stop using the title "Doctor" in her advertising, following a complaint to the Advertising Standards Authority by a "Bad Science" reader. In an interview with Richard Saunders of the podcast Skeptic Zone, Goldacre said, "Nutritionists are particularly toxic because they are the alternative therapists who, more than any other, misrepresent themselves as being men and women of science."
In 2008, Matthias Rath, a vitamin entrepreneur, sued Goldacre and The Guardian over three articles, in which Goldacre criticised Rath's promotion of vitamin pills to AIDS sufferers in South African townships. Rath dropped his action in September 2008 and was ordered to pay initial costs of £220,000 to The Guardian. As of September 2008, the paper was seeking full costs of £500,000, and Goldacre had expressed an interest in writing a book about Rath and South Africa, as a chapter on the subject had to be cut from his book while the litigation proceeded. The chapter was reinstated in a later edition of the book, and also published online in 2009. Goldacre continues to cite Rath as a proponent of harmful pseudoscience.
Support for Andrew Wakefield
Although challenging Andrew Wakefield's views about immunisation, Goldacre repeatedly defended Wakefield against an investigation by The Sunday Times into Wakefield's fraudulent 1998 paper in The Lancet, prompting criticism from the newspaper's reporter Brian Deer.
Writing in The Guardian in September 2005, Goldacre argued:
The paper always was and still remains a perfectly good small case series report, but it was systematically misrepresented as being more than that, by media that are incapable of interpreting and reporting scientific data.
Three years later, as Wakefield appeared at a General Medical Council hearing charged with "serious professional misconduct," Goldacre gave further endorsement:
I will now defend the heretic Dr Andrew Wakefield. The media are fingering the wrong man, and they know who should really take the blame: in MMR, journalists and editors have constructed their greatest hoax to date.
Bad Science (2008)
Goldacre's first book, Bad Science, was published by Fourth Estate in September 2008. The book contains extended and revised versions of many of his Guardian columns. It was positively reviewed by the British Medical Journal (BMJ) and The Daily Telegraph, and reached the Top 10 bestseller list for Amazon Books. It was nominated for the 2009 Samuel Johnson Prize. In an interview in 2008, Goldacre said that "one of the central themes" of his book [Bad Science] was "that there are no real differences between the $600 billion pharmaceutical industry and the $50 billion food supplement pill industry."
Bad Pharma (2012)
His second book, Bad Pharma: How Drug Companies Mislead Doctors and Harm Patients, was published in the UK in September 2012 and in the United States and Canada in February 2013. In the book he argues that:
Drugs are tested by the people who manufacture them, in poorly designed trials, on hopelessly small numbers of weird, unrepresentative patients, and analysed using techniques which are flawed by design, in such a way that they exaggerate the benefits of treatments. Unsurprisingly, these trials tend to produce results that favour the manufacturer. When trials throw up results that companies don't like, they are perfectly entitled to hide them from doctors and patients, so we only ever see a distorted picture of any drug's true effects. Regulators see most of the trial data, but only from early on in a drug's life, and even then they don't give this data to doctors or patients, or even to other parts of government. This distorted evidence is then communicated and applied in a distorted fashion. In their forty years of practice after leaving medical school, doctors hear about what works through ad hoc oral traditions, from sales reps, colleagues or journals. But those colleagues can be in the pay of drug companies – often undisclosed – and the journals are too. And so are the patient groups. And finally, academic papers, which everyone thinks of as objective, are often covertly planned and written by people who work directly for the companies, without disclosure.
Other journalism, writing and appearances
Goldacre contributed to The Atheist's Guide to Christmas (2009), a charity book featuring essays and anecdotes from 42 well-known atheists and apatheists, on the subject of "the power of ideas". He describes himself as an apatheist. He also wrote the foreword to a reissue of Testing Treatments: Better Research for Better Healthcare by Imogen Evans, Hazel Thornton, Iain Chalmers and Paul Glasziou, published by Pinter & Martin in March 2010. He has had several articles published in the British Medical Journal (BMJ) on the MMR vaccine, science journalism, and related topics.
In June 2012, he collaborated with the Behavioural Insights Team of the UK government on a policy paper on the use of randomised controlled trials, and in May 2013, he wrote the foreword to the 'Official Guidebook' of the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway. In March 2014, he worked on a systematic review of the side effects of statins compared with placebos, published in the European Journal of Preventive Cardiology. Although many newspapers that covered the review said that it found that statins have "virtually no side effects", Goldacre criticized this coverage as inaccurate. For example, he noted that the study relied on data from trial reports, which are likely to be incomplete.
Several of Goldacre's articles were assembled into the October 2014 release I Think You'll Find It's a Bit More Complicated Than That.
He was appointed Chair of the NHS HealthTech Advisory Board by Matt Hancock in September 2018.
Goldacre has also appeared on Geoff Marshall's YouTube channel expressing his love for railways during an episode about the least used station in Oxfordshire, Finstock.
Awards and honours
Goldacre has won several awards including:
Association of British Science Writers (ABSW) award for Best Feature 2003 for his article "Never mind the facts".
Association of British Science Writers award for Best Feature 2005 for his article "Don't dumb me down".
Freelance of 2006 at the Medical Journalism Awards.
The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSICOP) presented in 2006 the Balles Prize in Critical Thinking award for his column in The Guardian U.K. newspaper, Bad Science Columns include "Dyslexia 'cure' fails to pass the tests", "Bring me a God helmet, and bring it now", "Kick the habit with wacky wave energy", "Brain Gym exercises do pupils no favors" and "Magnetic attraction? Shhhh. It's a secret"
The inaugural Statistical Excellence In Journalism Award of the Royal Statistical Society for his article "When the facts get in the way of a story".
The HealthWatch Award from HealthWatch.
Honorary Doctor of Science at Heriot-Watt University (June 2009).
Honorary Doctor of Science at Loughborough University (July 2010).
Member of the Order of the British Empire (New Year's Honours List 2018).
References
External links
"Bad Science", Goldacre's column for The Guardian
Ben Goldacre part 1 on ABC Radio National's The Science Show], 1 November 2008 (with audio and transcript)
Pulse Project podcast, 12 May 2009, Skeptics in the Pub Oxford (radio show with Goldacre)
Standup on the placebo effect at Nerdstock, December 2009 (video)
Ben Goldacre biography, phc.ox.ac.uk; accessed 27 July 2015.
1974 births
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of University College London
Alumni of the UCL Medical School
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
British male journalists
British people of Australian descent
British psychiatrists
Critics of alternative medicine
English columnists
English science writers
English sceptics
Living people
Medical journalists
People educated at Magdalen College School, Oxford
Science activists
Science journalists
The Guardian journalists
21st-century British journalists
British health activists
The 2008 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship was the 4th edition of the CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship, the biennial international youth football championship organised by CONCACAF for the women's under-20 national teams of the North, Central American and Caribbean region. The top three sides also earned qualification to the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
The tournament was held from June 17 to June 28, 2008. It featured eight teams and was played entirely at the Estadio Cuauhtémoc in Puebla City, Mexico. The tournament was won by Canada, who defeated the United States in the final by a score of 1–0. Mexico secured the final qualification spot by defeating Costa Rica in the third-place match.
Draw
The draw for the tournament was held on May 6, 2008, at the CONCACAF Offices of the General Secretariat in New York City. The eight teams which entered the group stage were drawn into two groups of four teams. The hosts, Mexico, were drawn into Group A along with Cuba, Trinidad and Tobago, and the United States, while Canada, Costa Rica, Jamaica, and Nicaragua were drawn into Group B. The schedule was announced on May 14, 2008.
Squads
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
3rd Place
Final
Winners
Goalscorers
References
External links
CONCACAF Mexico 2008 Under-20 Women's Championship Recap
CONCACAF Official Website
CONCACAF Under 20 Women's Qualifying Tournament 2007/08 at RSSSF
CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship
2008 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship
Woman 's
International women's association football competitions hosted by Mexico
CON
2008 in youth association football
Leandro José de Flores (1776–1839) was a Spanish priest and historian. In his hometown is known as Father Flores.
Historiographical works
News "collación" of San Roque Sevilla, Royal Press, 1817.
Historical Memoirs of the town of Alcalá de Guadaíra, Sevilla, Press of D. Mariano Caro, 1833–1834.
1776 births
1839 deaths
People from Seville (comarca)
Yuryuzan () is a town in Katav-Ivanovsky District of Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Yuryuzan River (left tributary of the Ufa River), from Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population:
History
It was established in 1758 as the settlement of Yuryuzan-Ivanovsky Zavod () to support the construction of an ironworks. Since the end of the 19th century, the settlement is known as Yuryuzansky Zavod (). It was granted town status and renamed Yuryuzan on June 18, 1943.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with one rural locality (the village of Pervukha), incorporated within Katav-Ivanovsky District as the Town of Yuryuzan. As a municipal division, the Town of Yuryuzan is incorporated within Katav-Ivanovsky Municipal District as Yuryuzanskoye Urban Settlement.
Economy
Town economy centers around a large plant which produces refrigerators.
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Chelyabinsk Oblast
Ufa Governorate
Kontra or Contra is a term used in certain card games of Central European origin that is called by players to raise the stakes. It is the equivalent of "double" in other games. The term comes from the Latin word, contra, which means "against". In German there is also a verb, kontrieren, which means "to double" or "to announce 'Kontra'".
Use in card games
Tarock
If a player is given the right to bid in Tarock games, an opponent may announce Kontra if he thinks the soloist is unlikely to win. This doubles the value of the game.
If the soloist believes that he can still win the game, he may reply with Rekontra (or Re for short), which doubles the game value again.
In Tarock, a further doubling is allowed by saying Subkontra (or Sub for short) or, occasionally Hirsch ("stag"), a joking reference to the German word, Re(h), which means "doe", and results in the original game value increasing by a factor of 8.
Skat
Announcing Kontra in Skat is very common, but is not part of the official rules. Players often say Supra instead of Subkontra.
In many game rounds the stakes may be doubled again and the game value upped sixteenfold, but this is rather rare in practice. These announcements vary widely, for example, in some circles the announcement Hirsch follows Bock which is used to mean "Supra".
Doppelkopf
In Doppelkopf the side that has the Queen of Clubs announces a "double" with Re, while their opponents say Kontra. This makes it clear which side is bidding.
Schafkopf
In Schafkopf, the regional term, Spritz and the verb, spritzen, are used.
Watten
In Watten, the term Kontra is not used, but a similar practice is very common. It is known as ausschaffen. So the announcements, "you're going?" ("geht ihr?") or "three" ("drei") raise the game value from the normal two points to three points. Other increments such as "four" or "five" may be announced alternately (until the number of points need for a win is reached, i.e. in the first game at a theoretical 15). However, the game value is not doubled each time.
Backgammon and chess
The concept of Kontra is found in the sense of doubling in Backgammon: if a player believes during the course of a game, that his opponent can no longer win. he can bid a "double". The opponent can either accept it or resign and take the points gained so far.
The doubling rule in backgammon was invented in a New York club in the 1920s and enriched the game in a very important way. Less well known is that doubling (in exactly the same way as in backgammon) is occasionally used as a "coffee house rule" today in chess when it is played for money. If a play wants to double the stake, he may say Kontra.
Many backgammon players also allow the so-called Beaver, which corresponds to the German Rekontra: if the player who has had a double bid against him is sure of winning he can use this announcement to double the stakes again without giving up his right to use the doubling cube. In many circles the opponent may respond with Raccoon raising the game value eight times, and the player may double a final time by saying Skunk or Otter; then however the dice must be thrown. This simple doubling is not part of the official rules of backgammon and is explicitly banned in tournaments.
Kontraschnapser
In the card game of Bauernschnapsen there are special contracts of Kontraschnapser and Kontrabauer. Unlike other card games, Kontra in this case means that the opponents of the side that chose the trumps, want to announce a contract with this trump suit.
References
External links
Card game terminology
Tarock card games
Viola Emily Allen (October 27, 1867 – May 9, 1948) was an American stage actress who played leading roles in Shakespeare and other plays, including many original plays. She starred in over two dozen Broadway productions from 1885 to 1916. Beginning in 1915, she appeared in three silent films.
Biography
Allen was born in Huntsville, Alabama, on October 27, 1867, (some sources say 1869), the daughter of actors Charles Leslie Allen and Sarah JaneLyon. She moved to Boston at three years of age and later moved with her family to Toronto. She was educated at the Bishop Strachan School, her brothers being educated at Trinity College School, Port Hope, Ontario. She then attended a boarding school in New York City, Miss Cornell's School for Girls.
Allen had her first stage appearance at the age of 14 at Madison Square Theatre in New York on July 4, 1882. Annie Russell, who was playing the title role in Esmeralda, took ill at one point during the long run. Allen's father was a member of the cast, and the theater's stage manager asked if Mr. Allen would allow his daughter to play the part. Allen's debut attracted the attention of actor John McCullough, who made her his leading lady in 1883.
Between the years of 1884 and 1886, she performed in a variety of modern and Shakespearean plays. She performed with the best-known 19th century actors including: Tommaso Salvini, Lawrence Barrett, Joseph Jefferson, and William J. Florence. She is best remembered for her roles in Shenandoah (by Bronson Howard) and Little Lord Fauntleroy (by Frances Eliza Burnett). From 1885 to 1916, Allen starred in over two dozen Broadway productions, creating characters in many original plays. She played classical Shakesperean and comedy roles with Salvini, Lawrence Jarrett, Joseph Jefferson and V. J. Florence. In 1898, she created the character of Glory Quayle in Hall Caine's "The Christian". She acted in The Masqueraders, Under the Red Robe, The Christian, In the Palace of the King (1900), Twelfth Night, A Winter's Tale, As You Like It, The Lady of Coventry (1911), and others. She played such roles as Virginia, Cordelia, Desdemona, Lydia Languish, Dolores, Julia and Roma.
Allen starred in the 1915 silent film The White Sister along with Richard Travers. The film was produced by the Essanay Studios and was based on the 1909 play The White Sister that was a hit for Allen.
Her last professional appearance was in 1918, at a benefit supporting war relief. She remained an active supporter of charitable and theatrical organizations.
Allen married Peter Edward Cornell Duryea on August 16, 1905, and they remained wed until his death in 1944.
Allen died in her home in New York City on May 9, 1948, aged 78. She is buried in Sleepy Hollow Cemetery, Sleepy Hollow, New York.
Filmography
Getting Evidence (1907) short
The Scales of Justice (1914)
The White Sister (1915)
Open Your Eyes (1919)
References
Further reading
L. C. Strang, Famous Actresses of the Day in America, (Boston, 1899)
External links
Viola Allen, portrait gallery at New York Public Library
1867 births
1948 deaths
Actresses from New York City
American child actresses
American silent film actresses
Actresses from Alabama
Actors from Huntsville, Alabama
Burials at Sleepy Hollow Cemetery
19th-century American actresses
American stage actresses
20th-century American actresses
This is a list of banks in Tanzania whether licensed commercial banks, community banks, microfinance banks, mortgage banks or development banks.
Commercial banks
Absa Bank Tanzania
AccessBank Tanzania
Akiba Commercial Bank
Amana Bank
Azania Bank
Bank of Africa Tanzania Limited
Bank of Baroda Tanzania Limited
Bank of India (Tanzania)
Canara Bank Tanzania Limited
China Dasheng Bank Limited
Citibank Tanzania
CRDB Bank
DCB Commercial Bank
Diamond Trust Bank Tanzania
Ecobank Tanzania
Equity Bank (Tanzania)
Exim Bank (Tanzania)
Guaranty Trust Bank (Tanzania) Limited
Habib African Bank
I&M Bank (Tanzania)
International Commercial Bank Tanzania
KCB Bank Tanzania
Letshego Bank Tanzania
Mkombozi Commercial Bank
Mwalimu Commercial Bank
National Bank of Commerce (Tanzania)
National Microfinance Bank
NCBA Bank Tanzania
People's Bank of Zanzibar
Stanbic Bank Tanzania Limited
Standard Chartered Bank Tanzania
Tanzania Commercial Bank
UBA Bank Tanzania (UBA)
Mortgage Banks
First Housing Company Tanzania Limited
Tanzania Mortgage Refinance Company
Development financial institutions
Tanzania Agricultural Development Bank
TIB Development Bank
Community banks
Kilimanjaro Cooperative Bank
Maendeleo Bank Plc
Mufindi Community Bank Plc (MuCoBa)
Tandahimba Community Bank Limited
Uchumi Commercial Bank Limited
Microfinance banks
Finca Microfinance Bank (Tanzania)
Mwanga Hakika Microfinance Bank
VisionFund Tanzania Microfinance Bank
Yetu Microfinance Bank PLC
UOB Global Capital Finance Limited
See also
Bank of Tanzania
Economy of Tanzania
References
External links
Website of Bank of Tanzania
Exim Bank Tanzania Plans Merger With First National Bank Tanzania As of 19 January 2020.
Banks
Tanzania
Tanzania
Velvet Noise is the debut album of Danish metal band Raunchy. The album was first released as a digipack version by Mighty Music's sub label Drug(s). The second edition was released by Nuclear Blast (2002) and features the bonus track "Never be", which is taken from the 3. demo that got them the record deal.
Additionally, yet another version called Velvet Noise Extended was released in March 2007.
In 2009, Velvet Noise and Confusion Bay were reissued through Metal Mind Productions as limited edition digipaks limited to 2000 copies. Both are remastered, and feature new liner notes.
Track listing
"Twelve Feet Tall" - 4:48
"Bleeding" - 4:36
"Drive" - 2:13
"Tonight" - 3:17
"Leech" - 6:37
"My Game" - 3:36
"Crack of Dawn" - 6:47
"Out of Sight" - 3:54
"This Is Not an Exit" - 7:54
"Never Be" (Bonus track on Nuclear Blast edition) - 6:28
Personnel
2001 debut albums
Raunchy (band) albums
Bradbray Apartment is an English band originally formed in Stafford, England, in 1987.
Also known by their fans as "The Brads", the band are known for their unique mix of post-punk power along with vintage synths with big catchy choruses and a steady thumping rhythm section. Having separated in late 1989, the band reformed in the summer of 2014 after a local newspaper ran a 25th anniversary piece on their 1989 gig at Covent Garden in London. This prompted the lead singer to get in touch with his old bandmates which led to the reformation.
Band lineup
Original band lineup in 1987:
Matt Collins, vocals
Jim Allen, keyboards
Bill Scroggs, bass
Scott Sinfield, guitar
1988
Scott Sinfield, guitar, left the band due to other commitments; replaced by
Steve Follows
1989
Mark Gear
2014
Mark Gear, drums, left the band due to other commitments; replaced by
Rob Wild
2018
Rob Wild, drums; left band late 2017, replaced by
Liam Collins
Recordings and track releases
Who Needs Einstein EP (Tubecroft Records) September 1989
"Reach for the Sky"
"Running"
"Shadowfall"
"Hollow of the Mind"
recorded at The Cottage recording studio Macclesfield
Theory of Relativity EP (Own Label) April 2016
"Another You"
"Endgame"
"Don't Wanna Lose You"
"Into the Cold"
recorded at Prism recording studio Stoke-on-Trent
References
External links
Official website
English post-punk music groups
English alternative rock groups
English indie rock groups
Musical groups from Staffordshire
Eduardo da Costa Paes (, born 14 November 1969) is a Brazilian politician who was the mayor of the city of Rio de Janeiro from 2009 to 2012, re-elected for a second term from 2013 to 2016 and returning elected again in 2021. He is currently the 13th mayor of Rio de Janeiro. On 12 August 2012, at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony, Paes received the Olympic Flag, via Jacques Rogge, from London Mayor Boris Johnson.
Paes was a noted trenchant critic of the Lula administration, particularly during the Mensalão scandal in 2005 over alleged payments to congressmen for votes. When it came to his administration as Rio de Janeiro's mayor, scandals continued to occur.
As mayor during the bid, preparation and execution of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio, Paes faced many challenges, balancing the demands and opportunities of the Olympics with the needs of the Cariocas (the people of Rio de Janeiro).
Paes ran unsuccessfully for Rio de Janeiro state governor in 2018. He was elected for a third term as Rio de Janeiro mayor in 2020, defeating incumbent Marcelo Crivella in the run-off.
In 2021, even though being elected mayor by the party Democrats (DEM), Paes was successfully affiliated to the Democratic Social Party (PSD), starting a movement for other politicians connected to the mayor to affiliate themselves to the party.
Personal life
Paes is married to Cristine and has two children. He was born Roman Catholic, converted to Baptist church but returned to Roman Catholicism.
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1969 births
Living people
Mayors of Rio de Janeiro (city)
Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro alumni
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Brazil) from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Green Party (Brazil) politicians
Brazilian Labour Party (current) politicians
Brazilian Social Democracy Party politicians
Brazilian Democratic Movement politicians
Democrats (Brazil) politicians
Brazilian Roman Catholics
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Baptist denominations
Walk Score, a subsidiary of Redfin, provides walkability analysis and apartment search tools. Its flagship product is a large-scale, public access walkability index that assigns a numerical walkability score to any address in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia. Walk Score is a type of automated efficiency model focused on location efficiency. A Walk Score, as well as a Bike Score and Transit Score, may be assigned to a particular address or an entire region, and the company maintains a ranking of the most walkable cities in the United States. Products for computer programmers include Travel Time API. Higher walk scores have been correlated with higher property values and lower mortgage default risk.
The company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
History
Walk Score was founded in July 2007 by Mike Mathieu, aided by Matt Lerner, Jesse Kocher, and Josh Herst, formerly of Madrona Venture Group.
In August 2010, the company launched Transit Score to help users understand the proximity of public transport to an address.
In 2011, Walk Score unveiled an apartment search tool that locates available housing based on commute time to a given location. The tool calculates commute times for various modes of transport including walking, cycling, driving, and public transit.
In January 2012, the company raised $2 million from angel investors including Geoff Entress, Shel Kaphan, former chief technology officer of Amazon.com, and Rudy Gadre, former general counsel of Facebook.
In May 2012, the company launched Bike Score, a quantitative measure of bikeability to/from an address based on the availability of bike lanes, hilliness, road connectivity, nearby amenities, and the percentage of people in that area who bike to work.
In April 2013, the company launched Travel Time API.
In September 2014, the company launched crime maps.
In October 2014, Redfin acquired the company.
Criticism
Walk Score been criticized for the limits of its accuracy and relevancy in methodology and results. Specifically, Walk Score doesn't calculate whether there are sidewalks, how many lanes of traffic one must cross, how much crime occurs in the area, or what the weather is typically like. It also doesn't differentiate between types of amenities, for example a supermarket grocery store versus a small food mart selling mostly chips and liquor.
See also
Walkability
Bicycle-friendly
New Urbanism
Permeability (spatial and transport planning)
References
Further reading
Stephanie Y. Rauterkus, Grant I. Thrall, and Eric Hangen, 2010. "Location Efficiency and Mortgage Default" Journal of Sustainable Real Estate (JOSRE), Volume 2, No. 1.
Brewster, Mark, David Hurtado, Sara Olson, and Jessica Yen. 2009. "Walkscore.com: A New Methodology to Explore Associations between Neighborhood Resources, Race and Health." Department of Society, Human Development, and Health, Harvard School of Public Health.
Carr, Lucas J., Shira I. Dunsiger, and Bess H. Marcus. 2010. "Validation of Walk Score for estimating access to walkable amenities". British Journal of Sports Medicine.
External links
2007 establishments in the United States
2014 mergers and acquisitions
Companies based in Seattle
Online companies of the United States
Internet properties established in 2007
Walking in the United States
Toribío is a town and municipality in Cauca Department, Colombia. It is located at around , in the elevation of about 2000 m.
References
External links
Toribio official website
Municipalities of Cauca Department
Qashyr (, ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Qashyr. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay or MCAS Kaneohe Bay is a United States Marine Corps airfield located within the Marine Corps Base Hawaii complex, formerly known as Marine Corps Air Facility (MCAF) Kaneohe Bay or Naval Air Station (NAS) Kaneohe Bay. It is located two miles (3 km) northeast of the central business district of Kaneohe, in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States. The airfield has one runway (4/22) with a 7,771 x 200 ft (2,369 x 61 m) asphalt surface.
History
Fort Hase and NAS Kaneohe Bay
The United States Army acquired of the peninsula when President Woodrow Wilson signed executive order 2900 establishing the Kuwaaohe Military Reservation. Little is known about the operations of the fort, however, at the end of World War I, the military property was leased for ranching. In 1939, Kuwaaohe was reactivated, subjected to many name changes to include Camp Ulupa'u, and eventually named Fort Hase.
Prior to and during World War II, Fort Hase grew from a humble beginning as a defense battalion to a major unit of the Windward Coastal Artillery Command. Navy planners began to eye the peninsula in 1939 as the home of a strategic seaplane base. They liked the isolated location, the flat plains for an airfield and the probability of flights into prevailing trade winds. In 1939, the Navy acquired of the peninsula for use of the PBY Catalina patrol seaplanes for long-range reconnaissance flights. One year later, the Navy owned all of the Mokapu Peninsula except for Fort Hase. In 1939 the Navy awarded a base construction contract to the Pacific Naval Air Base Contractors consortituim (PNABC). Most of the original contract work at Kaneohe had been completed when the Navy transferred what was undone to the Seabees of the 56th Naval Construction Battalion on 1 April 1943. The 112th CB was tasked with adding a second runway 400' x 5,000' to the airfield. That was completed by the men of the 74th CB.
December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy attacked the air station minutes prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor. Of the 36 Catalinas stationed here, 27 were destroyed and six others were damaged, along with 18 sailors who perished in the attack. The first Japanese aircraft destroyed in action were shot down at Kaneohe, along with Aviation Ordnanceman Chief Petty Officer John William Finn becoming one of the first Medal of Honor recipients of World War II for valor on that day.
During the war, the air station was a major training base in the Pacific Theater. The Fleet Gunnery School trained thousands of Navy gunners. There was a school for celestial navigation, sonar, aircraft recognition, and turret operations. Flight instructors also trained Navy and Marine Corps aviators in flight operations prior to being sent to a forward combat area. Following the war, Fort Hase had become a skeleton outpost and the air station consisted of limited air operations, a small security detachment, and a federal communications center.
In November 1958 the first of the Pacific Missile Impact Location System for the Navy's Pacific Missile Range (PMR) was operational at the station to monitor Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) test impacts northeast of Hawaii.
Marine Operations
In 1949, the Navy decommissioned the air station. On January 15, 1952 the Marine Corps recommissioned the idle airfield Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay, making it an ideal training site for a combined air/ground team. Station Operations and Headquarters Squadron supported flight operations until June 30, 1972, when Station Operations and Maintenance Squadron was commissioned in its place. SOMS served until it was disbanded on July 30, 1994. Marine Corps Air Facility Kaneohe Bay was formed on that date and continues today to serve the operational needs of the aviation community.
On May 28, 1987, the station was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places and a National Historic Landmark, in recognition of its role in World War II.
Following the 1993 Base Realignment and Closure Commission decision to close Naval Air Station Barbers Point, the base acquired 4 Navy P-3 Orion patrol squadrons and one SH-60 Seahawk Anti-Submarine squadron in 1999. Today there are almost 10,000 active duty Navy and Marine Corps personnel there, directed by Marine Aircraft Group 24 and Navy Patrol and Reconnaissance Wing 2.
The installation was re-designated as an Air Station (vice an Air Facility) in May 2009. At the same time, the airfield was named for MajGen Marion Eugene Carl, and the Corps announced that new squadrons would be stationed there.
On January 15, 2016, two Marine helicopters from the air station collided over the North Shore of Oahu, leaving 12 US Marines missing and feared dead.
Based units
Flying and notable non-flying units based at MCAS Kaneohe Bay.
United States Marine Corps
Marine Corps Installations – Pacific
Headquarters and Headquarters Squadron – C-20G Gulfstream IV
1st Marine Aircraft Wing
Marine Aircraft Group 24
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 24 (MALS-24)
Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 367 (HMLA-367) – AH-1Z Viper and UH-1Y Venom
Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 463 (HMH-463) – CH-53E Super Stallion
Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron 3 (VMU-3) – RQ-21A Blackjack
Marine Medium Tilt-Rotor Squadron 268 (VMM-268) – MV-22B Osprey
Marine Medium Tilt-Rotor Squadron 363 (VMM-363) – MV-22B Osprey
United States Navy
Commander, Helicopter Maritime Strike Wing Pacific (CHMSWP)
Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 37 (HSM-37) – MH-60R
Commander, Fleet Logistics Support Wing (CFLSW)
Fleet Logistics Support Squadron 51 (VR-51) – C-40A Clipper
Insignia
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Hawaii
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oahu
List of United States Marine Corps installations
List of airports in Hawaii
References
External links
Official website
USMC Air Station Kaneohe Bay Overview & PCS Information (MarineCorpsUSA.org)
Kaneohe Bay on GlobalSecurity.org
WWII Era Photos of Kaneohe Bay
United States Marine Corps air stations
Military facilities in Hawaii
Airports in Hawaii
Buildings and structures in Honolulu County, Hawaii
Transportation in Honolulu County, Hawaii
Historic American Buildings Survey in Hawaii
Forts on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
World War II on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
Military airbases established in 1939
1939 establishments in Hawaii
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
National Register of Historic Places in Honolulu County, Hawaii
National Historic Landmarks in Hawaii
Jack Herbert Driberg (April 1888 – 5 February 1946) was a British anthropologist. He was a part of the Uganda Protectorate and published The Lango: A Nilotic Tribe of Uganda in 1923.
Personal life and education
Driberg was born in April 1888. He attended Lancing College. He also attended Hertford College. He died on 5 February 1946.
Professional work
Driberg became involved in the Uganda Protectorate in 1912. In 1921 he became involved in service in Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. He wrote The Lango: A Nilotic Tribe of Uganda in 1923. He left Sudan in 1925. He moved back to London, England and attended the London School of Economics. He became faculty in the anthropology department at the University of Cambridge. In 1939 he began serving during World War II.
The Lango: A Nilotic Tribe of Uganda
While in the Uganda Protectorate, Driberg lived with the Langi people in Uganda. In 1923, he wrote The Lango: A Nilotic Tribe of Uganda about his experience. The book is an ethnographic look at the Langi. It includes fables and a Lango-English dictionary.
Further reading
People of the Small Arrow. Charlottesville: University of Virginia (1930). .
The Savage as He Really is. London: G. Routledge & Sons (1929).
References
English anthropologists
1888 births
1946 deaths
People educated at Lancing College
British ethnologists
20th-century anthropologists
Alumni of Hertford College, Oxford
Uganda Protectorate people
Anglo-Egyptian Sudan people
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Lukáš Pellegrini (born 10 May 1988) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Sitno Banská Štiavnica.
Club career
Pellegrini made his debut in the Corgoň Liga, when he played for ViOn Zlaté Moravce. He also he played UEFA Cup qualifying matches against Almaty and Russian giant Zenit St. Petersburg. In January 2013, he came to transferred to Spartak Myjava.
External links
Eurofotbal profile
References
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Žiar nad Hronom
Slovak footballers
Association football midfielders
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce players
FK Žiar nad Hronom players
MFK Lokomotíva Zvolen players
MŠK Novohrad Lučenec players
FC ŠTK 1914 Šamorín players
Spartak Myjava players
FK Pohronie players
FK Sitno Banská Štiavnica players
Slovak Super Liga players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
5. Liga players
FK Sitno Banská Štiavnica managers
Rony Hanselmann (born 25 June 1991) is a former Liechtensteiner footballer who last played for FC Balzers.
Career
Hanselmann began his youth career with FC Triesenberg and moved onto FC Balzers in 2009.
International career
He was a member of the Liechtenstein national under-21 football team and had 12 caps and one goal. Hanselmann received his first call-up to the senior team for the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying match against Spain on 3 September 2010 and made his debut as a substitute versus the Czech Republic on 12 October 2010.
References
1991 births
Living people
Liechtenstein footballers
FC Balzers players
Association football midfielders
Liechtenstein international footballers
is a Japanese wrestler. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, where he finished in ninth place in the 57kg freestyle class.
Abe competed collegiately for Penn State, where he was a four-time NCAA All-American and one of only two NCAA Division I to garner All-American honors by finishing 4th, 3rd, 2nd and 1st, respectively, at consecutive NCAA Tournaments.
See also
List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Japanese male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Japan
Sportspeople from Tokyo
Penn State Nittany Lions wrestlers
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
The Battle of the Vale of Siddim, also often called the War of Nine Kings or the Slaughter of Chedorlaomer, is an event in the Hebrew Bible book of that occurs in the days of Abram and Lot. The Vale of Siddim was the battleground for the cities of the Jordan River plain revolting against Mesopotamian rule.
Whether this event occurred in history has been disputed by scholars. According to Ronald Hendel, "The current consensus is that there is little or no historical memory of pre-Israelite events in Genesis."
Background
The Book of Genesis explains that during the days of Lot, the vale of Siddim was a river valley where the Battle of Siddim occurred between four Mesopotamian armies and five cities of the Jordan plain. According to the biblical account, before the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah, the Elamite King Chedorlaomer had subdued the tribes and cities surrounding the Jordan River plain. After 13 years, four kings of the cities of the Jordan plain revolted against Chedorlaomer's rule. In response, Chedorlaomer and three other kings started a campaign against King Bera of Sodom and four other allied kings.
Location
The Vale of Siddim or Valley of Siddim, ‘emeq haś-Śiddim, equated with the "Salt Sea" in , itself equated with the "sea of the Arabah" in , the same as the "Dead Sea" is a biblical place name mentioned in the Book of Genesis Chapter 14: 'And the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits' ().
Siddim is thought to be located on the southern end of the Dead Sea. It has been suggested by theologians that the destruction of the cities of the Jordan Plain by divine fire and brimstone may have caused Siddim to become a salt sea, what is now the Dead Sea.
The Dead Sea is also called the "east sea" in (Compare ), Bahr Lut (the Sea of Lut) in Arabic, and Lake Asphaltites in the works of Josephus.
Aftermath
The Northern forces overwhelmed the Southern kings of the Jordan plain, driving some of them into the asphalt or tar pits that littered the valley. Those who escaped fled to the mountains, including the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah. These two cities were then spoiled of their goods and provisions and some of their citizens were captured. Among the captives was Abram's nephew, Lot.
When word reached Abram while he was staying in Elonei Mamrei with Aner and Eshcol, he immediately mounted a rescue operation, arming 318 of his trained servants, who went in pursuit of the enemy armies that were returning to their homelands. They caught up with them in the city of Dan, flanking the enemy on multiple sides during a night raid. The attack ran its course as far as Hobah, north of Damascus, where he defeated Chedorlaomer and his forces. Abram recovered all the goods and the captives (including Lot).
After the battle, Melchizedek, king of Salem, brought out bread and wine and blessed Abram, who gave him a tenth of the plunder as tithes. Then Bera, king of Sodom, came to Abram and thanked him, requesting that he keep the plunder but return his people. Abram declined, saying, "I swore I would never take anything from you, so you can never say 'I have made Abram rich.'" What Abram accepted from Bera instead was food for his 318 men and his Amorite neighbours.
Scholarly analysis
Identifying the kings
Amraphel has been thought by some scholars such as the writers of the Catholic Encyclopedia (1907) and The Jewish Encyclopedia (1906) to be an alternate name of the famed Hammurabi. The name is also associated with Ibal-pi-el II of Esnunna.
Arioch has been thought to have been a king of Larsa (Ellasar being an alternate version of this). It has also been suggested that it is URU KI, meaning "this place here".
Following the discovery of documents written in the Elamite language and Babylonian language, it was thought that Chedorlaomer is a transliteration of the Elamite compound Kudur-Lagamar, meaning servant of Lagamaru – a reference to Lagamaru, an Elamite deity whose existence was mentioned by Ashurbanipal. However, no mention of an individual named Kudur Lagamar has yet been found; inscriptions that were thought to contain this name are now known to have different names (the confusion arose due to similar lettering). David Rohl identifies Chedorlaomer with an Elamite king named Kutir-Lagamar.
Tidal has been considered to be a transliteration of Tudhaliya – either referring to the first king of the Hittite New Kingdom (Tudhaliya I) or the proto-Hittite king named Tudhaliya. With the former, the title king of Nations would refer to the allies of the Hittite kingdom such as the Ammurru and Mittani; with the latter the term "goyiim" has the sense of "them, those people". al ("their power") gives the sense of a people or tribe rather than a kingdom. Hence td goyim ("those people have created a state and stretched their power").
Geopolitical context
Alliances
It was common practice for vassals/allies to accompany a powerful king during their conquests. For example, in a letter from about 1770 BCE reporting a speech aimed at persuading the nomadic tribes to acknowledge the authority of Zimri-Lim of Mari: There is no king who can be mighty alone. Ten or fifteen kings follow Hammurabi the man of Babylon; as many follow Rim-Sin the man of Larsa, Ibal-pi-El the man of Eshnunna, and Amut-pi-El the man of Qatna and twenty kings follow Yarim-Lim the man of Yamhad.
The alliance of four states would have ruled over cities/countries that were spread over a wide area: from Elam at the extreme eastern end of the Fertile Crescent to Anatolia at the western edge of this region. Because of this, there is a limited range of time periods that match the Geopolitical context of Genesis 14. In this account, Chedorlaomer is described as the king to whom the cities of the plain pay tribute. Thus, Elam must be a dominant force in the region and the other three kings would therefore be vassals of Elam and/or trading partners.
Trade
There were periods when Elam was allied with Mari through trade. Mari also had connections to Syria and Anatolia, who, in turn, had political, cultural, linguistic and military connections to Canaan. The earliest recorded empire was that of Sargon, which lasted until his grandson, Naram Sin.
According to Kenneth Kitchen, a better agreement with the conditions in the time of Chedorlaomer is provided by Ur Nammu. Mari had had links to the rest of Mesopotamia by Gulf trade as early as the Jemdet Nasr period but an expansion of political connections to Assyria did not occur until the time of Isbi-Erra. The Amorites or MARTU were also linked to the Hittites of Anatolia by trade.
Trade between the Harappan culture of India and the Jemdet Nasr flourished between c. 2000–1700 BCE. As Isin declined, the fortunes of Larsa – located between Eshnunna and Elam – rose until Larsa was defeated by Hammurabi. Between 1880 and 1820 BCE there was Assyrian trade with Anatolia, in particular in the metal "annakum", probably tin.
The main trade route between Ashur and Kanesh running between the Tigris and Euphrates passed through Harran. The empire of Shamshi-Adad I and Rim-Sin I included most of northern Mesopotamia. Thus, Kitchen concludes that this is the period in which the narrative of Genesis 14 falls into a close match with the events of the time of Shamsi Adad and Chedorlaomer
Rulers in the region in c. 1800 BCE
The relevant rulers in the region at this time were:
The last king of Isin, Damiq-ilishu, ruled 1816–1794
Rim Sin I of Larsa ruled 1822–1763
The last king of Uruk, Nabiilishu, ruled 1802
In Babylon, Hammurabi ruled 1792–1750
In Eshnunna Ibal Pi-El II ruled c 1762
In Elam there was a king Kuduzulush
In Ashur, Shamsi Adad I ruled c 1813-1781
In Mari, Yasmah-Adad ruled 1796–1780 followed by Zimri-Lin 1779–1757.
Dating of events
When cuneiform was first deciphered in the 19th century Theophilus Pinches translated some Babylonian tablets which were part of the Spartoli collection in the British Museum and believed he had found in the "Chedorlaomer Tablets" the names of three of the "Kings of the East" named in Genesis 14. As this is the only part of Genesis which seems to set Abraham in wider political history, it seemed to many 19th and early 20th century exegetes and Assyriologists to offer an opening to date Abraham, if the kings in question could only be identified.
In 1887, Schrader was the first to propose that Amraphel could be an alternate spelling for Hammurabi. The terminal -bi on the end of Hammurabi's name was seen to parallel Amraphel since the cuneiform symbol for -bi can also be pronounced -pi. Tablets were known in which the initial symbol for Hammurabi, pronounced as kh to yield Khammurabi, had been dropped, so that Ammurapi was a viable pronunciation. If Hammurabi were deified in his lifetime or soon after (adding -il to his name to signify his divinity), this would produce something close to the Bible's Amraphel. A little later Jean-Vincent Scheil found a tablet in the Imperial Ottoman Museum in Istanbul from Hammurabi to a king named Kuder-Lagomer of Elam, which he identified with the same name in Pinches' tablet. Thus by the early 20th century many scholars had become convinced that the kings of Gen. 14:1 had been identified, resulting in the following correspondences:
Today these dating attempts are little more than a historical curiosity. On the one hand, as the scholarly consensus on Near Eastern ancient history moved towards placing Hammurabi in the late 18th century (or even later), and not the 19th, confessional and evangelical theologians found they had to choose between accepting these identifications or accepting the biblical chronology; most were disinclined to state that the Bible might be in error and so began synchronizing Abram with the empire of Sargon I, and the work of Schrader, Pinches and Scheil fell out of favour. Meanwhile, further research into Mesopotamia and Syria in the second millennium BCE undercut attempts to tie Abraham in with a definite century and to treat him as a strictly historical figure, and while linguistically not implausible, the identification of Hammurabi with Amraphel is now regarded as untenable.
One modern interpretation of Genesis 14 is summed up by Michael Astour in The Anchor Bible Dictionary (s.v. "Amraphel", "Arioch" and "Chedorlaomer"), who explains the story as a product of anti-Babylonian propaganda during the 6th century Babylonian captivity of the Jews:
After Böhl's widely accepted, but wrong, identification of mTu-ud-hul-a with one of the Hittite kings named Tudhaliyas, Tadmor found the correct solution by equating him with the Assyrian king Sennacherib (see Tidal). Astour (1966) identified the remaining two kings of the Chedorlaomer texts with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyria (see Arioch) and with the Chaldean Merodach-baladan (see Amraphel). The common denominator between these four rulers is that each of them, independently, occupied Babylon, oppressed it to a greater or lesser degree, and took away its sacred divine images, including the statue of its chief god Marduk; furthermore, all of them came to a tragic end ... All attempts to reconstruct the link between the Chedorlaomer texts and Genesis 14 remain speculative. However, the available evidence seems consistent with the following hypothesis: A Jew in Babylon, versed in Akkadian language and cuneiform script, found in an early version of the Chedorlaomer texts certain things consistent with his anti-Babylonian feelings.
The "Chedorlaomer tablets" are now thought to be from the 7th or 6th century BCE, a millennium after the time of Hammurabi, but at roughly the time when the main elements of Genesis are thought to have been set down. Another prominent scholar considers a relationship between the tablet and Genesis speculative, but identifies Tudhula as a veiled reference to Sennacherib of Assyria, and Chedorlaomer, i.e. Kudur-Nahhunte, as "a recollection of a 12th century BCE king of Elam who briefly ruled Babylon."
The last serious attempt to place a historical Abraham in the second millennium resulted from discovery of the name Abi-ramu on Babylonian contracts of about 2000 BCE, but this line of argument lost its force when it was shown that the name was also common in the first millennium, leaving the patriarchal narratives in a relative biblical chronology but without an anchor in the known history of the Near East.
Some scholars have disagreed: Kitchen asserts that the only known historical period in which a king of Elam, whilst allied with Larsa, was able to enlist a Hittite king and a King of Eshunna as partners and allies in a war against Canaanite cities is in the time of Old Babylon c 1822–1764 BCE. This is when Babylon is under Hammurabi and Rim Sin I controls Mari, which is linked through trade to the Hittites and other allies along the length of the Euphrates. This trade is mentioned in the Mari letters, a source which documents a geo-political relationship back to when the ships of Dilmun, Makkan and Meluhha docked at the quays of Agade in the time of Sargon. In the period of Old Babylon, c 1822–1764 BCE, Rim Sin I brought together kings of Syro-Anatolia whose kingdoms were located on the Euphrates in a coalition focused on Mari whose king was Shamsi Adad. Kitchen uses the geo-political context, the price of slaves and the nature of the covenants entered into by Abraham to date the events he encounters. He sees the covenants, between Abraham and the other characters encountered at various points in Abraham's journeys, as datable textual artifacts having the form of legal documents which can be compared to the form of legal documents from different periods. Of particular interest is the relationship between Abraham and his wife, Sarah. When Sarah proves to be barren, she offers her handmaiden, Hagar, to Abraham to provide an heir. This arrangement, along with other aspects of the covenants of Abraham, lead Kitchen to a relatively narrow date range which he believes aligns with the time of Hammurabi.
See also
Abram and Chedorlaomer
References
Notes
Siddim
Abraham
Lech-Lecha
Lot (biblical person)
Siddim
Torah places
Hebrew Bible valleys
Book of Genesis
Hammurabi
is one of ten wards of the city of Saitama, in Saitama Prefecture, Japan, and is located in the northern part of the city. , the ward had an estimated population of 102,364 and a population density of 12,000 persons per km2. Its total area is . Despite its name, it is not the administrative or the commercial centre of the city, roles which are designated to Urawa-ku and Ōmiya-ku respectively.
Geography
Shape and Location
Chūō-ku is located to the west of the center of Saitama City, the capital of Saitama Prefecture. Chūō-ku is wedge-shaped with a southern tip. Measuring approximately 5.5 km in the north–south direction and approximately 3.5 km in the east–west direction, it has an area of 8.39 km2. Located on the Kantō Plain, Chūō-ku has a low elevation. Its lowest point, located at Ōto-nichōme, has an elevation of 4.7 m above sea level and its highest point, located at Suzuya-yonchōme, has an elevation of 16.6 m above sea level. The majority of rivers run north–south down the ward, consequently travelling east–west across the ward requires travelling across alternating regions of plateaus and depressions. The easternmost of these plateaus is the Ōmiya-daichi, to the west of which lies the Kōnuma River which is at the centre of a 500-meter long depression. The Ōmiya-daichi continues to the west of this depression until it meets another depression due to the Arakawa River at the westernmost point of the ward.
Land Use
482.9 hectares of the ward's 839 hectares is used as a residential area and consequently the entire ward was designated a "densely inhabited district" (DID) in 2005. Despite the apparent lack of farming areas, some can be seen on either side of the Kōnuma River where, on the eastern bank, the ward office, fire station and library are also located. The northern tip of the ward is part of the Saitama New Urban Center where the broad-based local government of the Kantō district and the Saitama Super Arena are located.
Neighboring Municipalities
Saitama Prefecture
Sakura-ku
Minami-ku
Urawa-ku
Ōmiya-ku
Climate
The average temperature between 2007 and 2011 was 15.4 °C with an average of 53 days of sun. In terms of precipitation, Chūō-ku saw an average of 1359 mm per year of precipitation between 2007 and 2011 with an average of 108 days of rain and 10 days of snow.
History
The town of Yono was created within Kitaadachi District, Saitama with the establishment of the municipalities system on April 1, 1889. Plans to dissolve the town and merge with Urawa and Ōmiya were rejected by a referendum in 1955, and Yono was raised to city status on July 15, 1958. On May 1, 2001, Yono merged with Urawa and Ōmiya to form the new city of Saitama. When Saitama was proclaimed a designated city in 2003, the area of corresponding to former Yono city, with some minor border adjustments from former Ōmiya and Urawa cities became Chūō Ward.
Education
Chūō-ku has eight elementary schools, four public and one private middle schools, and three public high schools.
Transportation
Railway
– Saikyō Line
- -
Yono Station and Saitama-Shintoshin Station on the Keihin-Tōhoku Line (the latter also on the Takasaki and Tōhoku Main Lines) straddle the border between Chūō-ku and other Saitama wards, but are officially located in Urawa-ku and Ōmiya-ku respectively.
Buses
Kokusaikōgyō Bus operates in large sections of the ward.
Seibu Bus operates mainly to the south of the ward.
Highway
Shuto Expressway Ōmiya Route
Local attractions
Yono Park
Saitama New Urban Center
Saitama Super Arena
References
External links
Internet archive of Yono's website
Wards of Saitama (city)
Andrew Freshwater (born 31 May 1973) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics. Freshwater, along with his brother Duncan, both played shinty for Kincraig.
References
1973 births
Living people
Scottish male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Shinty players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Charlotte Collins is a British literary translator of contemporary literature and drama from German.
Career
Collins studied English literature at Christ's College, Cambridge, then trained in acting at The Poor School, London. She worked as an actor and radio journalist in the UK and Germany before becoming a translator.
She was Co-Chair of the Translators Association from 2017-2020, and is the creator of the Translators Association - 60 Years of Classic Translation series.
Awards and honours
2013 ITI Übersetzerwerkstatt, Berlin and Mühlheim
2017 Goethe-Institut Helen and Kurt Wolff Translator's Prize for A Whole Life by Robert Seethaler
2020 Warwick Prize for Women in Translation for The Eighth Life by Nino Haratischvili (with Ruth Martin)
A Whole Life by Robert Seethaler shortlisted for the Man Booker International Prize (2016) and the International DUBLIN Literary Award (2017). Longlisted for the ALTA National Translation Award (2017).
Longlisted with co-translator Ruth Martin for the International Booker Prize (2020) and the International DUBLIN (2021) for The Eighth Life: for Brilka by Nino Haratischwili
Translations
2015 – A Whole Life by Robert Seethaler (Picador)
2016 – The Tobacconist by Robert Seethaler (House of Anansi Press/Picador)
2018 – The End of Loneliness by Benedict Wells (Sceptre)
2018 – Homeland by Walter Kempowski (Granta)
2019 – The Club by Takis Würger (Grove Atlantic)
2019 – The Eighth Life by Nino Haratischwili, co-translated with Ruth Martin (Scribe UK)
2020 – Olga by Bernhard Schlink (Weidenfeld & Nicolson)
2021 – The Field by Robert Seethaler (Picador)
2021 – Refugee: A Memoir by Emmanuel Mbolela (Farrar, Straus & Giroux)
YA novels
Collins is the author of two bilingual novels for children/young adults:
Save Green Farm! – Rettet Green Farm! (Langenscheidt Verlag, 2007. Ill. Anette Kannenberg)
Boarding School Blues – Liebesfrust im Internat (Langenscheidt Verlag, 2008)
References
External links
Bookblast Translators of the Week: Charlotte Collins and Ruth Martin, The Eighth Life
Granta: Notes on Craft - Homeland
Lizzy's Literary Life interview: Charlotte Collins on Homeland
Greatest Women in Translation interview with Charlotte Collins
Literary translators
British translators
British women writers
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
German–English translators
Vanstraelenia chirophthalma, the African solenette, is a species of sole native to the Atlantic coast of Africa where it is found from Guinea-Bissau south to Angola. Occurring at depths of from , this species is of importance to local commercial fisheries. This species grows to a length of TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
References
Soleidae
Taxa named by Paul Chabanaud
Monotypic fish genera
Seidu Bancey (born 15 May 1990) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for ES Zarzis in Tunisia.
Club career
Bancey signed for Ebusua Dwarfs in the 2010–2011 season and played for the club until the end of the 2011–2012 season and Bancey signed for Asante Kotoko on 1 July 2012. He was the highest goal scorer for the 2013/2014 season in the Ghanaian Premier league.
Egypt
He signed a two-year contract with Egyptian Premier club Smouha Sporting Club in September 2014, but mutually agreed to terminate the contract, due to the situation in Egypt.
International career
Bancey competed with the Ghana national under-23 football team in the 2011 CAF U-23 Championship qualification and 2014 African Nations Championship.
References
1990 births
Footballers from Accra
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Ghana international footballers
Association football forwards
Olympic footballers of Ghana
Asante Kotoko S.C. players
Ghana A' international footballers
2014 African Nations Championship players
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
Expatriate footballers in Lebanon
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Lebanon
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Al Nabi Chit SC players
Lebanese Premier League players
Babacar may refer to:
Babacar (name)
Babacar (band), a short-lived worldbeat supergroup
Babacar (Babacar album), a 1998 album by the band
Babacar (France Gall album), 1987
"Babacar" (song), a 1987 song by France Gall
Hıdırlar, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Guernsey Financial Services Commission is the regulatory body for the finance sector in the Bailiwick of Guernsey. It supervises and regulates over 2,000 licensees from within the banking, fiduciary, investment and insurance sectors in accordance with standards set by international bodies such as the Basel Committee for Banking Supervisors, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, the International Organisation of Securities Commissions and the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering.
The Commission uses a risk based approach to the supervision of licensees which is underpinned by a system known as PRISM.
See also
List of banks in Guernsey
References
External links
Official site
Financial regulatory authorities
Economy of Guernsey
Regulators of the United Kingdom
Samuel Zell (born Shmuel Zielonka, September 28, 1941) is an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist. A former lawyer, Zell is the founder and chairman of Equity Group Investments, a private investment firm, founded in 1968. He has interests in and is the chairman of several public companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange: Equity Residential (EQR), Equity LifeStyle Properties (ELS), Equity Commonwealth (EQC), and Covanta Holding Corp. (CVA), and Anixter.
In October 2021, Zell had an estimated net worth of US $6.0 billion, according to Forbes.
Biography
Early life and education
Zell was born on September 28, 1941, in Chicago. His parents, Ruchla and Berek Zielonka, were Jewish immigrants from Poland, where his father had been a successful grain trader. They emigrated to the United States with their young daughter, Leah, via Tokyo. Soon after arriving, his parents changed their first and last names, becoming Rochelle and Bernard Zell. They then moved from Seattle to the Albany Park neighborhood in Chicago, where his father became a jewelry wholesaler. When he was twelve, the family moved to Highland Park, Illinois, where he graduated from Highland Park High School. In 1963, Zell graduated with a bachelor's degree from the University of Michigan, where he was also a member of the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity.
Career
While in school, Zell entered the real estate business. He managed a 15-unit apartment building in return for free room-and-board. Soon, he was managing the owner's other properties. By his graduation, that venture was netting $150,000. Joined by his fraternity brother Robert H. Lurie, he won a contract with a large apartment development owner in Ann Arbor. By the time he graduated with a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School in 1966, he and Lurie were managing over 4,000 apartments and owned 100–200 units outright. After school, he sold his interest in the management company to Lurie and moved to Chicago.
After graduation, Zell worked as a lawyer for one week before deciding that the legal profession was not for him. One of the senior partners decided to invest with him, enabling Zell to purchase an apartment building in Toledo. Zell also purchased several apartment buildings in Reno, Nevada, including Arlington Towers. In 1968, Zell founded the predecessor of Equity Group Investments and was joined a year later by his former partner, Robert H. Lurie. Together, they went on to grow the small firm into a vast enterprise, until Lurie's death in 1990.
Equity Group
Equity Group Investments was the genesis for Equity Residential, the largest apartment owner in the United States; Equity Office Properties Trust, the largest office owner in the country; and Equity Lifestyle Properties, an owner/operator of manufactured home and resort communities.
In 2006, the Blackstone Group announced the purchase of Equity Office for $36 billion, which was the largest leveraged buyout in history at the time. Blackstone then sold many of the portfolio's properties for record amounts. By early 2009, most of the properties sold were "underwater" (worth less than the mortgage).
Other investments
Zell affiliates owned the Schwinn Bicycle Company, the drugstore Revco, department store chain Broadway Stores, energy company Santa Fe Energy Resources, and mattress company Sealy. In 1985, Zell took over Itel Corporation.
Between 1992 and 1999, Zell's Chillmark fund owned Jacor Communications, Inc., a successful radio broadcast group that included a television station. The company was sold to Clear Channel Communications in 1999. On April 2, 2007, the Tribune Company announced its acceptance of Zell's offer to sponsor the going-private transaction of Chicago Tribune, the Los Angeles Times, and the company's other media assets. On December 20, 2007, Zell took the company private, and the following day he became the chairman and CEO. He sold the Chicago Cubs and the company's 25 percent interest in Comcast SportsNet Chicago. Under the burden of the debt incurred as part of Zell's leveraged buyout and in context of the unexpected severity of the Great Recession, the Tribune Co. filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in December 2008.
In January 2008, Zell bought a controlling share in the Tribune Company, owner of the Chicago Tribune, among other newspapers. His decision to put Randy Michaels in charge was one of several moves that were sharply criticized by the employees. Besides creating a hostile workplace, Michaels laid off several employees while giving large bonuses to the executives. Less than a year after Zell bought the company, it tipped into bankruptcy, listing $7.6 billion in assets against a debt of $13 billion, making it the largest bankruptcy in the history of the American media industry. More than 4,200 people have lost jobs since the purchase, while resources for the Tribune newspapers and television stations have been slashed."
Philanthropy
Zell and his wife, Helen, are philanthropists who focus heavily on education and the arts. Among their public beneficiaries are: the University of Michigan with the sponsorship of the Zell Lurie Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies and the Master of Fine Arts Creative Writing Program, Northwestern University's Kellogg School Zell Center for Risk Research and Zell Scholar Program, the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School's Zell/Lurie Real Estate Center, The Ounce of Prevention Fund, the Museum of Contemporary Art and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
Zell, according to The Forward, is also "a major donor to causes in Israel. His donations include a $3.1 million donation to the Herzliya Interdisciplinary Center in Israel and separate donations to the Israel Center for Social and Economic Progress, a free market oriented Israeli think tank founded by Daniel Doron. In the United States, he has given major gifts to such Jewish causes as the American Jewish Committee and the Bernard Zell Anshe Emet Day School, a Chicago Jewish primary school named after his father." Zell donated to Chicagoland Jewish High School renaming the school to Rochelle Zell Jewish High School, after his mother.
Political involvement
Zell donated $100,000 to Restore Our Future, the Super PAC supporting the 2012 presidential election campaign of Mitt Romney. In 2015 he donated $50,000 to the John Bolton Super PAC.
Criticism and controversies
Zell is known for using "salty" language in the newsroom. In February 2008, the website LA Observed reprinted an internal memo that said:
Last week you may have encountered some colorful uses of the lexicon from Sam Zell that we are not used to hearing at the Times ... But of course we still have the same expectations at the Times of what is correct in the workplace. It's not good judgment to use profane or hostile language and we can't tolerate that... In short, nothing changes; the fundamental rules of decorum and decency apply ... Sam is a force of a nature; the rest of us are bound by the normal conventions of society.
In a June 2008 opinion piece for The Washington Post entitled, "The L.A. Times' Human Wrecking Ball", veteran Los Angeles-based editor and columnist Harold Meyerson took Zell to task for "taking bean counting to a whole new level", asserting that "he's well on his way to... destroying the L.A. Times." Comparing Zell to James McNamara, who was sentenced to life in prison for the notorious 1910 Los Angeles Times bombing (which killed 21 employees), Meyerson concluded his article by opining that "Life in San Quentin sounds about right" for Zell.
In 2008, Zell confirmed a plan to place the Chicago Cubs and Wrigley Field up for sale separately in order to maximize profits. He also announced he would consider selling naming rights to Wrigley Field. These announcements were widely unpopular in Chicago and a poll taken by the Chicago Sun-Times showed that 53% of 2,000 people who voted said they would no longer attend Cubs games if the field were renamed.
In 2010, The New York Times ran an article about Zell's and new top executive Randy Michaels's management of The Tribune Co. entitled "At Flagging Tribune, Tales of a Bankrupt Culture." The report details a culture promoting sexual harassment and debasement, with executives openly discussing the "sexual suitability" of employees in the office and a tight circle of executives who were earning tens of millions of dollars in bonuses despite being deep in bankruptcy and a failure to stem declining profits.
In June 2018, at a conference organized by Nareit, Sam Zell stated "I don't think there's ever been a 'We gotta get more pussy on the block'" when explaining his views of female discrimination on the workplace.
Personal life
Zell has been married three times and divorced twice; he has three children: son, Matthew and daughter, JoAnn, from his first marriage; and an adopted daughter, Kellie, from his second marriage. His third wife is Helen (née Herzog) Fadim Zell. He lives in Chicago, Illinois, and has homes in Sun Valley, Idaho and Malibu, California.
In May 2017, Zell released his book, Am I Being Too Subtle?: Straight Talk From a Business Rebel. The book was published by Portfolio The book details his business philosophy on finding business and investment opportunities anywhere.
Awards and honors
1987, Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement
1999, Hall of Fame of the Chicago Association of Realtors
2007, Kellogg Award for Distinguished Leadership
Bibliography
Am I Being Too Subtle?: Straight Talk From a Business Rebel (2017)
References
External links
The Zell Center for Risk Research at the Kellogg School of Management
The Zell Lurie Institute at The University of Michigan
The Samuel Zell and Robert Lurie Real Estate Center at Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
The Zell entrepreneurship program at the Interdisciplinary Center in Israel
1941 births
Living people
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
American billionaires
American business writers
American finance and investment writers
American investors
American newspaper publishers (people)
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
American real estate businesspeople
American retail chief executives
Businesspeople from Chicago
Chicago Cubs owners
Illinois lawyers
Jewish American attorneys
Jewish American philanthropists
Philanthropists from Illinois
Private equity and venture capital investors
Tribune Publishing
University of Michigan Law School alumni
21st-century American Jews
The women's competition in the flyweight (– 48 kg) division was held on 9 April 2012.
Schedule
Medalists
Records
Prior to the competition, the following records were as follows.
Results
References
Start List
Results
European Weightlifting Championships
Euro
Hølonda is a former municipality in the old Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The municipality existed from 1865 until its dissolution in 1964. Hølonda encompassed the southwestern part of what is now the municipality of Melhus in Trøndelag county. The municipality was west of the river Gaula. The administrative centre was the village of Korsvegen. The main church for the municipality was Hølonda Church, near Gåsbakken.
History
The municipality of Høilandet (later changed to Hølonda) was established in 1865 when it was separated from the old municipality of Melhus. The new municipality had an initial population of 1,818. During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1964, the neighboring municipalities of Hølonda (population: 1,428), Horg (population: 2,560), Flå (population: 843), Melhus (population: 3,978), and the Langørgen farm (population: 11) in Buvik were all merged to form a new, larger municipality of Melhus.
Name
The municipality (originally the parish) was named Hølonda (). The first element is høy which means "high" and the last element is the plural form of land which means "land" or "district". Prior to 1889, the name was written Høilandet, then from 1889 until 1931 it was written Hølandet, and then from 1932 until its dissolution in 1964, it was spelled Hølonda.
Government
All municipalities in Norway, including Hølonda, are responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, unemployment and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads. The municipality is governed by a municipal council of elected representatives, which in turn elects a mayor.
Municipal council
The municipal council of Hølonda was made up of 17 representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
Melhus
Former municipalities of Norway
1865 establishments in Norway
1964 disestablishments in Norway
Sjur Olsnes (23 August 1939 – 18 July 2014) was a Norwegian biochemist.
He was born in Bergen, but grew up in Vaksdal. He took his medicine degree at the University of Bonn, and worked at the University of Bergen from 1967 to 1968 before being hired at the Norwegian Radium Hospital. He took the dr.med. degree at the University of Oslo in 1972 and was promoted to professor in 1989, retiring in 2009.
He was a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters and the Russian Academy of Sciences. He was a prolific facilitator of Norwegian-Russian academic cooperation. Hans Wilhelm Steinfeld thus dubbed Olsnes a member of the "great Norwegian historical science troika in Russia" together with Fridtjof Nansen and Olaf Broch.
In 2003 he was awarded the King Olav V's Prize for Cancer Research of the Norwegian Cancer Society.
References
1939 births
2014 deaths
People from Vaksdal
University of Bonn alumni
Norwegian expatriates in Germany
University of Oslo faculty
Norwegian biochemists
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Mirko Hrgović (born 5 February 1979) is a Bosnian football coach and former player. He serves as an assistant coach at HNK Šibenik. Hrgović most notably played for Croatian rivals Hajduk Split and Dinamo Zagreb as well as VfL Wolfsburg of German Bundesliga among others.
Club career
NK Široki Brijeg
Hrgović, who is an ethnic Croatian, decided to play for Bosnia and Herzegovina after his games went unnoticed in Croatia. Hrgović decided to take Bosnia and Herzegovina nationality while playing for the Bosnian-Herzegovinian club NK Široki Brijeg and take up the call by Blaž Slišković. Hrgović has played for NK Posušje and NK Široki Brijeg in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Gamba Osaka and JEF United Chiba in J1 League, VfL Wolfsburg in German Bundesliga, Hajduk Split, Dinamo Zagreb in 1.HNL.
NK Dinamo Zagreb
On 18 July 2008, Hrgović signed a three-year contract. His move, albeit not directly from Hajduk to Dinamo, has stirred quite a controversy among both Hajduk and Dinamo fans. While Hajduk fans tend to see the move as a treason to their beloved club, Dinamo fans cannot forgive the physical altercation between Hrgović and a couple of them that occurred seven months earlier during the national futsal competition. Graffiti against Hrgović and death threats (including a puppet of him being hanged by the Dinamo stadium fence) have been registered.
Greuther Fürth
On 17 July 2009, he signed a two-year contract with SpVgg Greuther Fürth and was released on 25 November 2009.
NK Široki Brijeg
After his release in November 2009 by SpVgg Greuther Fürth, Hrgović signed in March 2010 a contract with his former club NK Široki Brijeg.
International career
He made his debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in a February 2003 friendly match away against Wales and has earned a total of 29 caps, scoring 2 goals. He played as a standard player during Blaž Slišković's reign as national coach. After Slišković's resignation in 2006, he played under new coach Fuad Muzurović and later on for Meho Kodro. When Miroslav Blažević became coach, he was dropped for several games because he was not playing well for his club. His move to Greuther Fürth proved to be a good one as he was called back to represent Bosnia in the last World Cup 2010 qualifiers against Estonia and Spain. His final international was an October 2009 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Spain.
Career statistics
Club
National team
International goals
Scores and results list Bosnia and Herzegovina's goal tally first:
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from Sinj
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
NK Junak Sinj players
HNK Hajduk Split players
HŠK Posušje players
Gamba Osaka players
NK Široki Brijeg players
VfL Wolfsburg players
JEF United Chiba players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
Kavala F.C. players
RNK Split players
NK Zadar players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Croatian Football League players
J1 League players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Super League Greece players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Tubercularia is a genus of fungi in the family Nectriaceae. With the change to single name nomenclature in fungi, Tubercularia is now considered a synonym of Nectria.
Species
Tubercularia abrotani
Tubercularia abutilonis
Tubercularia acaciae
Tubercularia aceris
Tubercularia acinorum
Tubercularia aequatoriensis
Tubercularia aesculi
Tubercularia agaves
Tubercularia ailanthi
Tubercularia ampelophila
Tubercularia antarctica
Tubercularia aquifolia
Tubercularia argentina
Tubercularia armeniaca
Tubercularia artemisiae
Tubercularia atomospora
Tubercularia atra
Tubercularia aurantiaca
Tubercularia aurata
Tubercularia australiensis
Tubercularia berberidis
Tubercularia berolinensis
Tubercularia betulae
Tubercularia bicolor
Tubercularia brassicae
Tubercularia bresadolae
Tubercularia buxi
Tubercularia cacao
Tubercularia cactophila
Tubercularia calycanthi
Tubercularia canadensis
Tubercularia cansjerae
Tubercularia carneola
Tubercularia carpogena
Tubercularia castaneae
Tubercularia cattleyicola
Tubercularia cava
Tubercularia celastri
Tubercularia cerasi
Tubercularia cinnabarina
Tubercularia circinata
Tubercularia citri
Tubercularia citrina
Tubercularia coccicola
Tubercularia coccophila
Tubercularia concentrica
Tubercularia conorum
Tubercularia corchori
Tubercularia coryli
Tubercularia crassostipitata
Tubercularia crenulata
Tubercularia cyathoidea
Tubercularia decolorans
Tubercularia depressa
Tubercularia difformis
Tubercularia discoidea
Tubercularia dubia
Tubercularia effusa
Tubercularia endogena
Tubercularia epimyces
Tubercularia ericetorum
Tubercularia erumpens
Tubercularia eryngicola
Tubercularia eucalypti
Tubercularia euonymi
Tubercularia expallens
Tubercularia fasciculata
Tubercularia fatiscens
Tubercularia fici
Tubercularia filicis
Tubercularia flavescens
Tubercularia flavogranulata
Tubercularia floccosa
Tubercularia fraserae
Tubercularia fructicola
Tubercularia fungicola
Tubercularia fungiformis
Tubercularia fusispora
Tubercularia galii
Tubercularia gallarum
Tubercularia garciniae
Tubercularia georginae
Tubercularia geranii
Tubercularia glandicola
Tubercularia granulata
Tubercularia grayana
Tubercularia guaranitica
Tubercularia gyrosa
Tubercularia hamata
Tubercularia harpostipitata
Tubercularia helleboricola
Tubercularia herbarum
Tubercularia hibisci
Tubercularia hirsuta
Tubercularia hirtissima
Tubercularia hoheriae
Tubercularia hollii
Tubercularia hydnoidea
Tubercularia hysterina
Tubercularia insignis
Tubercularia jodinae
Tubercularia kazakhstanica
Tubercularia kmetiana
Tubercularia laburni
Tubercularia lateritia
Tubercularia leguminicola
Tubercularia leguminum
Tubercularia lepidolophae
Tubercularia leptosperma
Tubercularia leucoloma
Tubercularia leucopus
Tubercularia leveillei
Tubercularia libertiana
Tubercularia liceoides
Tubercularia lichenicola
Tubercularia ligustri
Tubercularia longipes
Tubercularia longispora
Tubercularia lutescens
Tubercularia macrozamiae
Tubercularia maculicola
Tubercularia maeshimana
Tubercularia magnoliae
Tubercularia marginata
Tubercularia menispermi
Tubercularia miniata
Tubercularia minor
Tubercularia minuta
Tubercularia minutispora
Tubercularia mori
Tubercularia mutabilis
Tubercularia nigra
Tubercularia nigrescens
Tubercularia nigricans
Tubercularia nigromaculans
Tubercularia nomuriana
Tubercularia olivacea
Tubercularia orchidearum
Tubercularia ossicola
Tubercularia pachypus
Tubercularia paeoniicola
Tubercularia palmae
Tubercularia paraguaya
Tubercularia passerinii
Tubercularia pelargonii
Tubercularia pezizoidea
Tubercularia phacidioides
Tubercularia phyllophila
Tubercularia pinastri
Tubercularia pini
Tubercularia pinophila
Tubercularia pircuniae
Tubercularia polycephala
Tubercularia populi
Tubercularia prostii
Tubercularia pruinosa
Tubercularia pruni
Tubercularia pseudacaciae
Tubercularia pteleae
Tubercularia puerariae
Tubercularia puiggarii
Tubercularia pulverulenta
Tubercularia purpurata
Tubercularia pusilla
Tubercularia pyricola
Tubercularia radicalis
Tubercularia radicicola
Tubercularia ramalinella
Tubercularia rhamni
Tubercularia rhodophila
Tubercularia rhois
Tubercularia ribesii
Tubercularia ricini
Tubercularia robiniae
Tubercularia rosella
Tubercularia rubi
Tubercularia saccharicola
Tubercularia salicis
Tubercularia saligna
Tubercularia sambuci
Tubercularia sarmentorum
Tubercularia schweinfurthii
Tubercularia sessilis
Tubercularia spezazzinii
Tubercularia sphaeroidea
Tubercularia subdiaphana
Tubercularia subpedicellata
Tubercularia sulcata
Tubercularia toxicodendri
Tubercularia trachypus
Tubercularia ulmea
Tubercularia ussuriensis
Tubercularia vaginata
Tubercularia velutipes
Tubercularia velutipites
Tubercularia vermicularis
Tubercularia versicolor
Tubercularia volutella
Tubercularia volvata
Tubercularia zythioides
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Nectriaceae
Wet blanket may refer to:
Fire blanket, a wet blanket used as a device to put out a fire
Wet Blanket Policy, an animated cartoon
"Wet Blanket", a 1987 song from The Chills' Brave Words
S.E.S. Best is the greatest hits album released in 2002 by S.E.S. Though it compiles their Korean-language singles (excluding "Show Me Your Love", "Just In Love", and "Just A Feeling"), the album was released only in Japan.
Track listing
Requiem
Slip Away
Love
Just A Feeling (Original Version)
Be Natural
Feeling
Someone To Feel
Dreams Come True
I Will...
U
Silver
('Cause) I'm Your Girl
Red Angel
Twilight Zone
Oh, My Love
Good Bye To My Love
Eternal Love
Just A Feeling (New Generation Remix)
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
SM Entertainment's Official Site
2002 greatest hits albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
Harold Braithwaite Mattingly (1923 – 23 August 2015) was a British historian of Roman civilization, epigrapher and numismatist who was Professor of Ancient History at the University of Leeds.
Biography
Mattingly was born in Finchley, London, the son of the historian and numismatist Harold Mattingly. He attended The Leys School in Cambridge and took a double first in Classics at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge in 1948. He subsequently held a Craven Scholarship from 1948 to 1950, writing a thesis on the Roman Imperial Senate.
He married Erica Stuart (died 2008), an artist and potter, with whom he had had three children, including David Mattingly, Professor of Roman Archaeology at the University of Leicester.
Academic career
In 1950 Mattingly became a Lecturer, later Reader, in Ancient History at the University of Nottingham. In 1970 he was appointed Professor of Ancient History at the University of Leeds. His research throughout his career, according to his Leeds obituary, "focused on Classical Greece and the Roman Republic and on numismatic and epigraphic problems". He retired from his chair at Leeds in 1987 with the title Emeritus Professor.
Mattingly was President of the Royal Numismatic Society from 1999 to 2004.
Death
Professor Mattingly died on 23 August 2015, aged 92.
Publications
2012 - Coins and travels in Greece : an introduction to the coins of ancient Greece with reminiscences of visits by numismatist Harold Mattingly (with Joanna Mattingly and Stephen Tyrrell)
2007 - From coins to history : selected numismatic studies
1996 - The Athenian empire restored : epigraphic and historical studies
1969 - Notes on some Roman republican moneyers
1963 - Various numismatic notes
1960 - Naevius and the Metelli
References
External links
Obituary in Coins Weekly
Harold B. Mattingly on worldcat.org
1923 births
2015 deaths
People educated at The Leys School
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
British historians
British numismatists
Presidents of the Royal Numismatic Society
Academics of the University of Nottingham
Academics of the University of Leeds
Hokejaški klub Spartak (; ) is an ice hockey club from Subotica, Serbia, currently playing in the Serbian Hockey League. It has a few tiers - juniors and adults. The club is a part of the SD Spartak Subotica sports association.
History
Hockey in Subotica was played before World War II. Back then it was played on the nearby Palić Lake when it was frozen in winter. Club was founded in 1939 under the name SK Palić and as part of SDŽ Spartak in 1945. The first championship match was played in 1941. The construction of artificial ice, since 1969 has helped development of the club. The club has played in the Yugoslav Hockey League, and afterwards in the Serbian Hockey League. However, it has not played in every season due to various difficulties - number of players and finances for example.
Honours
Serbian Hockey League:
Runners-up (4): 1992, 1993, 2000, 2010
References
External links
Future look of Spartak hockey ground
Ice hockey teams in Serbia
Sport in Subotica
Serbian Hockey League teams
Yugoslav Ice Hockey League teams
1947 establishments in Serbia
Ice hockey clubs established in 1947
The Open de Guadeloupe (formerly known as Orange Open Guadeloupe) is a tennis tournament held in Le Gosier, Guadeloupe since 2011. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on hard courts.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
ATP Challenger Tour
Tennis tournaments in France
Hard court tennis tournaments
NGC 939 is a lenticular or elliptical galaxy in the constellation Eridanus. It is estimated to be 241 million light-years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of approximately 80,000 ly. NGC 939 was discovered on October 18, 1835 by astronomer John Herschel.
NGC 939 is better seen from the southern hemisphere because of its location south of the celestial equator.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
Elliptical galaxies
Eridanus (constellation)
0939
009271
Qarqin District is a small boundary district in the northern part of Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan. It borders Turkmenistan to the north along the Amu Darya River, Khamyab District to the west, Mingajik and Mardyan districts to the south, and Balkh Province to the east. The population is 47,000 (2021). The district center is the town of Qarqin, which is situated on the bank of the Amu Darya River.
See also
Qarqin
Jowzjan Province
District Map
AIMS District Map
Districts of Jowzjan Province
The 7th Modena Grand Prix was a motor race, run for cars complying with Formula One rules, held on 3 September 1961 at Modena Autodrome, Italy. The race was run over 100 laps of the circuit, and was dominated by British driver Stirling Moss in a Lotus 18/21.
The qualifying system for this event was very unusual in that despite over 30 entrants, the starting grid was restricted to only 14 cars. Furthermore, the fastest three Italian drivers in practice would be guaranteed to start the race, regardless of how many other drivers were faster. This resulted in Innes Ireland failing to qualify despite being 13th fastest, and faster than Giorgio Scarlatti who did qualify.
Moss took pole position, the fastest lap and the win, finishing a few seconds ahead of the Porsche pairing of Jo Bonnier and Dan Gurney. Gurney led at the start, but Moss passed him on lap 11 and stayed in front.
Qualifying
Results
Scarlatti and Starrabba used the same car.
Scuderia Centro Sud entered a Cooper-Maserati, given #6, but withdrew the entry.
References
Bibliography
"The Grand Prix Who's Who", Steve Small, 1995.
"The Formula One Record Book", John Thompson, 1974.
See also
1957 Modena Grand Prix
External links
Modena Grand Prix
Modena Grand Prix
Modena Grand Prix
Swedish post-war prefabricated houses were a response to the housing shortage in Great Britain following the Second World War. 5,000 homes were built from kits made in Sweden and assembled on site. The first of these houses were built at Abbots Langley, Hertfordshire, in January 1946. The Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act 1944 planned the building of 300,000 prefab houses in Britain over the next four years. They were to have a structural lifetime of between 10 and 15 years. In the end just over 150,000 were built. They were a gift of the Swedish government. They are an example of the use of "prefabs'" to deal with the post-war housing shortage in the UK. Many survive to this day and some have become listed buildings.
Origins
Scandinavian wooden prefabricated houses had been introduced to Scotland in 1920, with Dundee Corporation building 556, Aberdeen Corporation 76 and from 1937 the Scottish Special Housing Association 350.
Robert Matthew, in 1945 Chief Architect in the Department of Health for Scotland was stranded in Sweden for VE Day. However he spent the time designing kits for prefabricated houses which conformed to the recommendations of the 1944 UK government report Planning our New Homes.
References
Public housing in the United Kingdom
The Lion's Cup (named the Emeron Cup in its first two years) was a WTA Tour tennis tournament held from 1978 until 1985, in Tokyo, Japan. The event was held on indoor hard courts in 1978 and 1979 before moving to indoor carpet courts. Only a singles event was contested.
Champions
External links
WTA Tour Final Results: 1971-2007
Defunct tennis tournaments in Japan
WTA Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Carpet court tennis tournaments
Indoor tennis tournaments
Sports competitions in Tokyo
Recurring sporting events established in 1978
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1985
1978 establishments in Japan
1985 disestablishments in Japan
The Delaware Coast Line Railroad was a short-line railroad located in Sussex County, Delaware. The company operated two lines on track owned by the State of Delaware: one running from Ellendale east to Milton and another running from Georgetown east to Cool Spring. The railroad interchanged with the Delmarva Central Railroad in Ellendale and Georgetown. It was owned by Dan Herholdt. Part of the rail lines were taken over by the Delmarva Central railroad.
History
The rail lines operated by Delaware Coast Line Railroad (DCLR) were part of the former Queen Anne's Railroad (QA), which began providing rail service between Queenstown, Maryland, and Lewes, Delaware, in 1894, and extended its track to Love Point, Maryland, in 1902.
Through a complex chain of acquisitions in 1905, the track previously owned by QA became part of the Maryland, Delaware & Virginia Railway Company (MD&V), a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR). MD&V was consolidated with another subsidiary in 1923 to form the Baltimore & Eastern Railroad (B&E), which incorporated in Maryland on June 13, 1923. Passenger service on the B&E was discontinued in October 1931.
The lines passed from PRR to Penn Central in 1968 and Conrail in 1976. In 1981, Conrail announced plans to abandon the railroad lines between Ellendale and Milton and between Georgetown and Lewes. The same year, a group of private investors led by Mike Herholdt of Milford purchased the two lines, saving them from abandonment. DCLR incorporated in Delaware on June 23, 1982, and began operating the Ellendale-Milton and Georgetown-Lewes segments of the former QA under contract with the Delaware Department of Transportation (DelDOT), current owner of these segments.
The Maryland & Delaware Railroad (MDDE) assumed operation of the two rail lines in 1994 when it was awarded a five-year contract by Delaware. MDDE did not seek renewal of the Delaware contract and operation of the two lines was returned to DCLR in 1999.
As of 2015, DCLR was led by Dan Herholdt, the son of founder Mike Herholdt. The railroad hauled approximately 550 cars per year. The sole customer along the Ellendale to Milton line was a propane distributor. Customers along the Georgetown-Lewes line included two propane distributors along with Mountaire Farms, for whom the railroad hauled dry distiller's grain that is used in chicken feed. DCLR also served SPI Pharma, a manufacturer of chemical components for antacids, at the end of the line near Cape Henlopen State Park in Lewes. DCLR was based in out of a shop at the Sussex County industrial park in Georgetown and had eight employees who performed multiple duties for the railroad. The railroad maintained tracks, signals, and sidings for private companies throughout the Delmarva Peninsula and also offered railcar storage.
DCLR crossed over the Lewes and Rehoboth Canal in Lewes on a historic, anachronistic swing bridge that had to be hand-cranked in order to reach SPI Pharma. The swing bridge was originally built in 1869 and modernized by PRR in 1916. The bridge was reconstructed in 1997.
In September 2016, the swing bridge was found to be structurally unsound, having dropped 7-8 inches due to settlement in the canal and seeing some pieces of timber split. As a result, the bridge was closed to rail traffic by DelDOT. The only customer beyond the bridge was SPI Pharma, who had averaged two to three railroad transports a month. As a result of the bridge closure, SPI Pharma began shipping by truck. Three tank cars remained stranded at SPI Pharma. In 2017, DelDOT determined that repairs to the swing bridge would be too costly and the line will be abandoned from Lewes to Cool Spring. Originally the tank cars were to be transported across the swing bridge, but due to the instability of the bridge it was later decided to transport the tank cars by truck across the canal and reassemble them onto the tracks on the other side for them to be hauled by rail to Georgetown. The three tank cars were trucked out of SPI Pharma in November 2017. A train pulled the tank cars out of Lewes on December 15, 2017, ending train service to Lewes.
In October 2016, the first phase of the Georgetown-Lewes Trail, a rail-with-trail, opened between Savannah Road and Gills Neck Road in Lewes. In December 2017, the Lewes city council voted in favor of preserving a section of the railroad line between Kings Highway and Adams Avenue. The swing bridge over the Lewes and Rehoboth Canal will also be removed. DelDOT will retain ownership and railroad rights along the roadbed. The trail was slated to reach Minos Conaway Road by fall 2018.
In early 2018, DCLR was informed by the State of Delaware that its contract would not be renewed. The Delmarva Central Railroad won the bid to take over the contract and extended its existing operations to include the DCLR's tracks effective January 1, 2019. DCLR exited the railroad business and sold off its equipment.
Engine roster
Source:
Note: No. 2 has been put up for sale on the Sterling Rail website, No. 23 was scrapped years ago, No. 44 was sold to a new owner in West Virginia, and a new addition to the roster is No. 1982, a GE 65-ton centercab. By January 2020 DCLR president Dan Herholdt stated that, with the exception of No. 182 receiving power assembly repair, all of the locomotives had either been sold and departed the property or were spoken for.
Major clients
Source:
Note: There is no spur into Atlantic Concrete and DCLR President Dan Herholdt has stated that the company is not a customer.
References
External links
Peninsula Railfan - Delaware Coast Line Railroad
Hand operated railroad bridge over Lewes-Rehoboth Canal
Defunct Delaware railroads
Waterloo most commonly refers to:
Battle of Waterloo, a battle on 18 June 1815 in which Napoleon met his final defeat
Waterloo, Belgium, where the battle took place.
Waterloo may also refer to:
Other places
Antarctica
King George Island (South Shetland Islands), known in Russian as Ватерло́о ('Vaterloo')
Australia
Waterloo, New South Wales
Waterloo, Queensland
Waterloo, South Australia
Waterloo Bay, now Elliston, South Australia
Waterloo, Victoria
Waterloo, Western Australia
Canada
Waterloo, Nova Scotia
Regional Municipality of Waterloo, a region in Ontario
Waterloo, Ontario, a city
Waterloo (electoral district)
Waterloo (provincial electoral district)
Waterloo County, Ontario (1853–1973)
Waterloo, Quebec
Hong Kong
Waterloo Road, Hong Kong, a road in Kowloon, Hong Kong
New Zealand
Waterloo, New Zealand
Sierra Leone
Waterloo, Sierra Leone
Suriname
Waterloo, Suriname
United Kingdom
Waterloo, Dorset, England
Waterloo, Huddersfield, England
Waterloo, London, England
Waterloo, Merseyside, England
Waterloo (UK Parliament constituency)
Waterloo, Whixall, Shropshire, England
Waterlooville, known earlier than Waterloo, Hampshire, England
Waterloo, North Lanarkshire, Scotland
Waterloo, Perth and Kinross, Scotland
Waterloo, Caerphilly, Wales
Waterloo Bay, Northern Ireland
United States
Waterloo, Alabama
Waterloo, California
Waterloo, Georgia
Waterloo, Illinois
Waterloo Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Waterloo, Indiana, in DeKalb County
Waterloo, Fayette County, Indiana
Waterloo, Johnson County, Indiana
Waterloo, Iowa
Waterloo, Kansas
Waterloo, Louisiana
Waterloo, Maryland
Waterloo (Princess Anne, Maryland), a historic home
Waterloo State Recreation Area, in Michigan
Waterloo, Clark County, Missouri, an unincorporated community
Waterloo, Lafayette County, Missouri, an unincorporated community
Waterloo, Montana
Waterloo, Nebraska
Waterloo Historic District (Warner, New Hampshire)
Waterloo, Monmouth County, New Jersey
Waterloo Village, New Jersey
Waterloo (town), New York
Waterloo (village), New York
Waterloo (Albertson, North Carolina), a historic plantation house
Waterloo, Ohio
Waterloo, Oregon
Waterloo, South Carolina
Waterloo, Texas (former name for Austin, Texas)
Waterloo, Clarke County, Virginia
Waterloo, Culpeper County, Virginia
Waterloo, Fauquier County, Virginia
Waterloo, New Kent County, Virginia
Waterloo, West Virginia
Waterloo, Grant County, Wisconsin, a town
Waterloo, Jefferson County, Wisconsin, a town
Waterloo, Wisconsin, a city within the town
Waterloo Downtown Historic District (Waterloo, Wisconsin)
Arts, entertainment and media
Film and television
Waterloo (1929 film), a German silent film
Waterloo (1970 film), an epic period war drama
"Waterloo" (Mad Men), an episode of Mad Men
Music
Waterloo & Robinson, an Austrian band
Waterloo Music Company, a Canadian music publishing and musical instrument retailing firm
Waterloo Records, an independent music store in Austin, Texas
Waterloo (album), by ABBA, 1974
"Waterloo" (ABBA song), Eurovision winner in 1974
"Waterloo" (Stonewall Jackson song), 1959
"Waterloo", a song by IcedEarth from the 2004 album The Glorious Burden
Other uses in arts and entertainment
Waterloo (video game), a 1989 strategic computer game
Waterloo (blog post), a 2010 online commentary by David Frum about the Affordable Care Act
Waterloo: The History of Four Days, Three Armies and Three Battles, a 2014 history book by Bernard Cornwell
Transportation
Waterloo Airport (disambiguation)
Waterloo station (disambiguation)
Waterloo (ship), the name of several ships
HMS Waterloo, the name of several ships of the Royal Navy
Other uses
Waterloo (horse) (foaled 1969), a British thoroughbred racehorse
Waterloo cheese, a British cheese
Waterloo Cup, an English coursing event 1836–2005
Waterloo F.C., an English rugby union team
Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company, a former American tractor maker
Waterloo Hydrogeologic, a former software and consulting company
University of Waterloo, in Ontario, Canada
See also
Battle of Waterloo (disambiguation)
Waterloo Bridge (disambiguation)
Waterloo Creek (disambiguation)
Waterloo High School (disambiguation)
Waterloo Historic District (disambiguation)
Waterloo Memorial (disambiguation)
Waterloo Road (disambiguation)
Waterloo Square (disambiguation)
"Waterloo Sunset", a 1967 song by The Kinks
Jérémy Jouve (born 7 August 1979) is a French classical guitarist. He was one of six Frenchmen to win the Guitar Foundation of America International competition.
Biography
Born in Échirolles (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes), Jouve started playing guitar at the age of 7. A student at the National School of Music in Chambéry, he attended Daniel Herbelot's classes from 1987 to 1992. At the age of 10, he interpreted a concerto by Vivaldi as soloist with the Chambéry Orchestra.
Until 1994, he was a student at the Conservatory of Grenoble where he won the Gold Medal at 13, as well as the Prix de perfectionnement.
The young Jouve then followed the private lessons of Éric Franceries, whom he considers to be one of his strongest influences.
He later went to the École normale de musique de Paris to perfect his skill with Alberto Ponce, with whom he continued his guitar training at the Conservatoire de Paris until 2000. Roland Dyens then became his teacher. Jouve obtained the Diploma of Higher Formation, specialty guitar of the Conservatoire in 2001.
He decided to follow the class of the concertist László Hadady, solo oboist of the Ensemble Intercontemporain, and obtained his Diploma of Higher Education specialty in chamber music the following year. He was one of the rare guitarists to be received in perfection cycle, he continued his work with László Hadady until 2004.
Since 2003, his career has had an international outreach: from the 40-date tour, when he won the famous Guitar Foundation of America international competition, on stages abroad, Jouve registers as a new French guitar ambassador.
He performs on the greatest musical stages in the world: the Tchaikowsky Hall in Moscow, the Iserlohn Guitar Festival in Germany, the National Theatre and Concert Hall of Taipei in Taiwan, the Busan Cultural Center in South Korea, the Sha Tin Town Hall of Hong Kong, the music festival of Radio France in Montpellier, the guitar festival of Saltillo in Mexico, the concert hall of the Luis Ángel Arango Library in Bogota (Colombia), and other venues in Germany, India, Korea, China, Vietnam, Japan, Great Britain, Spain, United States.
A musician open to all styles, described as eager for musical encounters, he plays with accuracy, in a classical, contemporary repertoire, in chamber music as well as in solo music.
Jouve has collaborated with numerous musicians including:
in chamber music with Gérard Abiton, Pierre Fouchenneret, Elsa Grether, Nicolas Jouve (his brother), Christophe Morin, Roland Dyens, Éric Franceries, Mathias Duplessy, Sébastien Droy and Prabhu Edouard.
as soloist for concerto with the Taipei Symphony Orchestra and the State Academic Symphony Orchestra of the Russian Federation in Moscow.
He also performed with the Orchestre de l'Opéra national de Paris, the Orchestre de l'Opéra national de Lyon, the Sinfonietta ensemble and the Orchestre national d'Île-de-France.
Very committed, he collaborates closely with Mathias Duplessy for the composition of certain pieces for solo guitar. Notably during his last album Cavalcade, which received good media reviews.
His interpretation of Britten's Nocturnal is a reference, as is his interpretation of the work for solo guitar by Joaquín Rodrigo.
Since his first solo album in 2004, he has recorded five albums, two of which are dedicated to the solo guitar work of composer Joaquín Rodrigo.
The Traveling Sonata album, in duet with the flautist Viviana Guzmán brought him a nomination to the Grammy Awards.
At the same time as his tours and recordings, Jeremy Jouve has taught guitar since 2018 at the Conservatoire de musique de Genève and has been named professor at the Conservatoire à rayonnement régional de Paris in January 2020, succeeding to the great masters Gérard Abiton, Pedro Ibañez and Ramon de Herrera.
Awards
Jouve has won several prizes including:
First Prize of the GFA international competition, organised in Mexico in 2003.
First Prize of the International Guitar Competition of Tychy in 2002.
Gold Medal Award and Developmental Award in 1993.
In 2014, his album Traveling Sonata, a duet with flute, recorded at Skywalker Studio in San Francisco, was nominated to the Grammy Awards.
In 2015 his album Cavalcade joined the FIP official selection of April.
Discography
2021: Jérémy Jouve & Friends play Mathias Duplessy Chamber Music - Totem
2015: Cavalcade - Absilone
2013: Traveling Sonata - Reference Recording
2013: Rodrigo, J.: Guitar Music, Vol. 2 - Naxos
2009: Jeremy Jouve - 2003 Winner of the International GFA Competition - Melbay
2008: Rodrigo, J.: Guitar Music, Vol. 1 - Naxos
2004: Jeremy Jouve Laureate Series - Naxos
References
External links
Official website
GFA website
1979 births
Living people
People from Échirolles
French classical guitarists
French male guitarists
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
École Normale de Musique de Paris alumni
21st-century French musicians
21st-century guitarists
21st-century French male musicians
Luca Brasi are an Australian rock band formed in St Helens, Tasmania in 2009. The current line-up of the band features Thomas Busby on lead guitar, Danny Flood on drums, Patrick Marshall on rhythm guitar and vocals, and Tyler Richardson on lead vocals and bass guitar. To date, the group have released five studio albums: Extended Family (2011), By a Thread (2014), If This Is All We're Going to Be (2016), Stay (2018) and Everything Is Tenuous (2021). Stay became their first ARIA top 10.
The band is currently signed to Cooking Vinyl Australia, and have toured with bands such as Violent Soho, Pup, You Me at Six, Turnover and Pianos Become the Teeth. They have also performed at St Jerome's Laneway Festival, Splendour in the Grass and Falls Festival.
History
2009–2011: Early years and Extended Family
Luca Brasi—named after the character from The Godfather—formed in 2009 with Richardson, Busby, guitarist Mitchell Dobson and drummer Saxon Hall. A demo EP, Sleeps with the Fishes, was released in 2010. Three songs from the demo—"Theme Song from HQ", "Beacons" and "Isaac Bowen"—were re-recorded for the band's debut LP, Extended Family. The album was recorded in Hobart with Nic White and Lincoln Le Fevre. It was released in September 2011 via Poison City Records.
2011–2015: Lineup change and By a Thread
Shortly after the release of Extended Family, Patrick Marshall joined the band officially as a third guitarist. This line-up would record one seven-inch together, entitled Tassie, in late 2012. In September of that year Luca Brasi announced that founding drummer and guitarist; Saxon Hall and Mitchell Dobson respectively, would be leaving the band after playing their final show with the band at the Poison City Weekender in Melbourne. Drummer Danny Flood—who had previously filled in for Hall on a tour with Title Fight in March 2013—was brought in as a full-time replacement shortly before a national tour with Bodyjar. Dobson was not replaced, converting the band back into a quartet.
The band's second album, By a Thread, was released in March 2014; it was again put out through Poison City Records. The album spawned two singles: "Borders and Statelines" and "Benthos", with music videos being made for both songs. An assortment of songs that did not make the final cut of the album were compiled into an EP, Loose Threads, which was released in early 2015.
2016–2019: If This Is All We're Going to Be and Stay
A new single, "Aeroplane", was released shortly before the band undertook a national support slot on Kisschasy's farewell tour of Australia. The song was the lead single from their third studio album, entitled If This Is All We're Going to Be. It was released in April 2016 and marked the band's first-ever appearance on the ARIA Album Charts. Their track "Anything Near Conviction" from the album was voted into the Triple J Hottest 100, 2016, at number 90. Their Like a Version cover of Paul Kelly's "How to Make Gravy" was listed at No. 127 in the supplementary "Hottest 200" list. The album also spawned the single "Count Me Out", which features vocals from Camp Cope vocalist/guitarist Georgia "Maq" Macdonald.
In June 2017, the band released "Got to Give" and performed a headlining tour of Australia in support of it through June and July. "Let it Slip" was released in April 2018 followed by the band's fourth studio album, Stay on 22 June 2018; and is the band's first album to be released via Cooking Vinyl Australia. The album peaked at number 10 on the ARIA Charts. The band performed a six-date national tour to promote album in August. After performing their tour's Sydney show, Luca Brasi called out several troublemakers on their social media for pushing and shoving people in the crowd, causing some fans to leave the show early. Calling them "ropehead fucks", the band condemned their actions, stating "consideration for how you occupy space at shows, and showing respect for your audience mates, will always make for a better experience for everyone."
The band announced another national tour for 2019, this time for their single "The Clothes I Slept In". The tour was the band's longest to date, spanning two months and twenty-one dates performing in regional hubs of all states.
2019–present: Everything Is Tenuous
In August 2019, the band released a new single, "Tangled; Content". This was followed in February 2020 by "This Selfish Love". The band were scheduled to tour Australia in May 2020 with support from Drug Church, Moaning Lisa and Kat Edwards. This, however, was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In June 2020, the band released a split seven-inch vinyl with Melbourne band Slowly Slowly.
The band released their third single of 2020, "Dying to Feel Alive", in August 2020. This was followed by an acoustic tour of their native Tasmania, which sold out all eight shows the day it went on sale.
On November 19, 2020, the band announced their fifth studio album, Everything Is Tenuous. The announcement was accompanied by another new single, "Every Time You're Here (I'm Gone)". The band released the album in February 2021.
In December 2021, the band released "Jackies Are On the March", an original theme for the Tasmania JackJumpers celebrating the team's inclusion in the 2021–22 NBL season.
Members
Current members
Tyler Richardson – lead vocals, bass (2009–present)
Thomas Busby – lead guitar, backing vocals (2009–present)
Patrick Marshall – rhythm guitar, backing vocals (2012–present)
Danny Flood – drums (2013–present)
Former members
Mitchell Dobson – rhythm guitar, backing vocals (2009–2013)
Saxon Hall – drums (2009–2013)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Impact
Luca Brasi have been recognised as a lasting influence on music in Tasmania. Various Tasmanian musicians, including Maddy Jane, Kat Edwards, the Sleepyheads, and the Tinderboxers, have cited the band as mentors, with the former stating that "[they've] support[ed] their local scene through and through." They have also been credited with leading the way for other Tasmanian musicians in the industry, several of whom feel that they would otherwise feel "isolated" due to being separated from the larger industry in the mainland of Australia.
Awards and nominations
AIR Awards
The Australian Independent Record Awards (commonly known informally as AIR Awards) is an annual awards night to recognise, promote and celebrate the success of Australia's Independent Music sector.
|-
| 2017
| If This Is All We're Going to Be
| Best Independent Hard Rock, Heavey or Punk Album
|
|-
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards are a set of annual ceremonies presented by Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), which recognise excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of the music of Australia. They commenced in 1987.
!
|-
| 2018 || Stay || ARIA Award for Best Rock Album || ||
|}
National Live Music Awards
The National Live Music Awards (NLMAs) are a broad recognition of Australia's diverse live industry, celebrating the success of the Australian live scene. The awards commenced in 2016.
|-
| 2016
| Luca Brasi
| Tasmanian Live Act of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="2" | 2018
| Luca Brasi
| Live Hard Rock Act of the Year
|
|-
| Tyler Richardson (Luca Brasi)
| Tasmanian Live Voice of the Year
|
|-
References
Australian punk rock groups
Musical groups established in 2009
Tasmanian musical groups
The Detroit College of Business was a four-year business college that was founded in 1962 and located in Dearborn, Michigan.
In 2000, it was part of a merger with Davenport College and Great Lakes College that became Davenport University.
References
Defunct private universities and colleges in Michigan
Educational institutions established in 1962
Educational institutions disestablished in 2000
1962 establishments in Michigan
Prix Félix-Leclerc may refer to:
Félix Award, the annual music awards presented by ADISQ to musicians from Quebec
Prix Félix-Leclerc de la chanson, the annual music award presented by the Les Francos de Montréal festival
Prix Félix-Leclerc de la poésie, an annual literary award presented by the Festival international de la poésie de Trois-Rivières
"Because I Love You" is a song by Australian recording artist Montaigne. The song was released in June 2016 as the third and final single from Montaigne's debut studio album, Glorious Heights. The song peaked at number 98 on the ARIA Charts; becoming Montaigne's first charting album. The song was certified platinum in Australia in 2021.
Montaigne told The Music AU her motives for the song was "a look back at what you'd known to be a healthy and fulfilling relationship whilst experiencing it, but with a little perspective discovered was pretty bad. I wrote this song and only after writing it did I realize that that's how I felt the whole time." adding "It's a classic “love is blind” narrative. I love this song; it's probably the most fun thing I've ever written."
Reception
In an album review, Dylan Marshall from the AU Review said "'Because I Love You' is just a straight up, pop gem... with its self-reflection on a failed relationship being the focal point of the track, it showcases the lengths people are willing to go to in an attempt to overlook problems one might face with their significant other."
Track listing
Digital download
"Because I Love You" – 3:37
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Montaigne (musician) songs
Sony Music Australia singles
Wanyou Wenku (Chinese: 萬有文庫/万有文库, literally the encyclopaedic library) is an extensive collectanea first published by the Commercial Press at Shanghai in 1929. The collection, edited by Wang Yun-wu, comprises 1,710 titles, totalling 4,000 volumes; among these, the first set comprises 1,010 books with a total of 2,000 volumes, and the second set composed of 700 titles in another 2,000 volumes. As noted by Wang, the purpose of this collection is to make important texts, both traditional and modern, available for public perusal at an affordable price.
References
Commercial Press
Chinese encyclopedias
The following is a list of the monastic houses in the West Midlands, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Medieval sites in England
Houses in the West Midlands (county)
West Midlands
West Midlands
Lists of buildings and structures in the West Midlands (county)
Temu may refer to:
Temu was the evening form of Ra, an ancient Egyptian god
Temu is a Chagga Clan Name in Tanzania
Temu (plant) an Indonesian common name for several plants in the family Zingiberaceae
Temu, an alternative name for the Chilean myrtle tree, Luma apiculata
Temù is a commune in the province of Brescia
Temu, an underground oven used in Tonga.
Temu, a word in the Urhobo language meaning a substance or Person reaching a position or status.
Naftali Temu, a Kenyan athlete
Temu, rice cooked in woven coconut leaves from the Philippines
Temu (company) an American e-commerce platform
See also
Teemu, given name
Dystasia sibuyana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1927. It is known from Malaysia, the Philippines and Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1927
Springerichthys bapturus, known commonly as the Japanese blacktail triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Springerichthys. It was described by David Starr Jordan and John Otterbein Snyder in 1902. This species is found in the western Pacific Ocean from southern Japan to Taiwan. It feeds on algae and the adults occur in rock pools and just below the low watermark.
References
Japanese blacktail triplefin
Fish described in 1902
In Egyptian mythology, Sekhmet ( or Sachmis (), also spelled Sakhmet, Sekhet, Sakhet among other spellings, ), is a warrior goddess as well as goddess of healing. She is depicted as a lioness. She was seen as the protector of the pharaohs and led them in warfare. Upon death, Sekhmet continued to protect them, bearing them to the afterlife.
Sekhmet is a solar deity, sometimes called the daughter of Ra and often associated with the goddesses Hathor and Bastet. She bears the Uraeus, which associates her with Wadjet and royalty, and the solar disk.
Roles
Sekhmet was the daughter of the sun god, Ra, and was among the more important of the goddesses who acted as the vengeful manifestation of Ra's power, the Eye of Ra. Sekhmet was said to breathe fire, and the hot winds of the desert were likened to her breath. She was also believed to cause plagues (which were called as her servants or messengers) although she was also called upon to ward off disease.
In a myth about the end of Ra's rule on the earth, Ra sends the goddess Hathor, in the form of Sekhmet, to destroy mortals who conspired against him. In the myth, Sekhmet's blood-lust was not quenched at the end of battle that led to her destroying almost all of humanity. To stop her Ra poured out beer dyed with red ochre or hematite so that it resembled blood. Mistaking the beer for blood, she became so drunk that she gave up the slaughter and returned peacefully to Ra. The same myth was also described in the prognosis texts of the Calendar of Lucky and Unlucky Days of papyrus Cairo 86637.
In other versions of this story, Sekhmet grew angered at the deception and left Egypt, diminishing the power of the sun. This threatened the power and security of the world—thus, she was persuaded by the god Thoth to return and restore the sun to its full glory.
Sekhmet was considered the wife of the god Ptah and mother of his son Nefertum. She was also said to be the mother of a lion god, Maahes. She was also considered to be the sister of the cat goddess Bastet.
Worship
During an annual festival held at the beginning of the year, a festival of intoxication, the Egyptians danced and played music to soothe the wildness of the goddess and drank great quantities of wine ritually to imitate the extreme drunkenness that stopped the wrath of the goddess—when she almost destroyed humanity.
In 2006, Betsy Bryan, an archaeologist with Johns Hopkins University excavating at the temple of Mut in Luxor (Thebes) presented her findings about the festival that included illustrations of the priestesses being served to excess and its adverse effects on them being ministered to by temple attendants. Participation in the festival was great, including by the priestesses and the population. Historical records of tens of thousands attending the festival exist. These findings were made in the temple of Mut because when Thebes rose to greater prominence Mut absorbed some characteristics of Sekhmet. These temple excavations at Luxor discovered a "porch of drunkenness" built onto the temple by the Pharaoh Hatshepsut during the height of her twenty-year reign.
During the Greek dominance in Egypt, note was made of a temple for Maahes that was an auxiliary facility to a large temple to Sekhmet at Taremu in the Delta region, a city which the Greeks called Leontopolis.
In popular culture
Sekhmet appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) film Thor: Love and Thunder. She appears seated in Omnipotence City of the gods, where all major deities are located, during an announcement from leader of the gods, Zeus.
In The Kane Chronicles books written by American author Rick Riordan Sekhmet is described as a 'golden woman' in glowing red armor, with the head of a lioness, and with the sun floating above her head.
Sekhmet appears in the action role playing video game Assassin's Creed Origins. Sekhmet is the result of Layla Hussan exploring the memories of Bayek of Siwa in the portable Animus HR-8.
In the real time strategy video game Age of Mythology Sekhmet is an Egyptian Heroic Age minor god. In the game she is available to worshipers of Set and Ra.
In Legendary Pictures MonsterVerse Sekhmet is a giant lion-like Kaiju. She is briefly seen as an ancient carving.
See also
List of solar deities
List of war deities
List of health deities
Lion
References
Bibliography
External links
Ancient Egypt: the Mythology - Sekhmet
"Egyptian Temple Yields 17 Statues of Lion-Headed Goddess" Archaeologists working in Luxor, Egypt, have unearthed 17 statues of an ancient Egyptian goddess with the head of a lion and the body of a woman. 14 March 2006
Animal goddesses
Anthropomorphic animals
Destroyer goddesses
Egyptian goddesses
Health goddesses
Lion deities
Solar goddesses
War goddesses
Medicine goddesses
Plague gods
Mythological lions
Sven Oscar Kullander (born 30 November 1952 in Sollefteå) is a Swedish biologist specialised in ichthyology.
He primarily researches cichlids – notably the genus Apistogramma and the Cichlasoma-complex – and other tropical fresh water fishes.
He also has been working with endangered fish species in Sweden.
He studied at the universities of Umeå and Stockholm, and took his Ph.D. in Stockholm in 1984. He is currently senior curator at the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm, with the responsibility for the ichthyologic and herpetologic collections. Kullander also coordinates the museum's contributions to FishBase.
Kullander has produced more than 100 scientific and popular publications on fishes, and described many groups and new species of cichlids.
The Swedish aquarists' magazine Tidskriften Akvariet gave him "Akvariets Oscar" ("the Aquarium Academy Award") in 1996, for his great contribution to the aquarium hobby. His wife Fang Fang Kullander (1962–2010) was also an ichthyologist at the Swedish Museum.
Taxon named in his honor
The fish, a Pike Cichlid, Crenicichla sveni Ploeg, 1991 was named in his honor.
Selected publications
Kullander, S.O. 1983. A revision of the South American Cichlid genus Cichlasoma (Teleostei: Cichlidae). Swedish Museum of Natural History, Stockholm.
Kullander, S.O. 1986. Cichlid fishes of the Amazon River drainage of Peru. Department of Vertebrate Zoology, Swedish Museum of Natural History, Stockholm.
Kullander, S.O. & H. Nijssen. 1989. The cichlids of Surinam: Teleostei, Labroidei. E.J. Brill, Leiden.
Kullander, S.O., T. Stach, H.G. Hansson, B. Delling & H. Blom. 2011. Nationalnyckeln till Sveriges flora och fauna. Ryggsträngsdjur: lansettfiskar – broskfiskar, Chordata: Branchiostomatidae – Chondrichthyes. ArtDatabanken, Uppsala
Taxon described by him
See :Category:Taxa named by Sven O. Kullander
Sources
Sven O. Kullander Swedish Museum of Natural History
Kullander's publications (personal page)
References
Swedish zoologists
1952 births
Living people
Swedish ichthyologists
Umeå University alumni
Stockholm University alumni
Hibbertia ulicifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to the south coast of Western Australia. It is a shrub with spirally arranged, linear to awl-shaped leaves and golden yellow flowers with nine stamens fused at the bases, all on one side of two densely shortly-hairy carpels.
Description
Hibbertia ulicifolia is a shrub that typically grows to a height of up to and has branchlets covered with minute, star-shaped hairs when young. The leaves are spirally arranged, linear to awl-shaped, long and wide on a petiole long. The flowers are arranged singly in leaf axils on a thin peduncle long with egg-shaped bracts long at the base of the sepals. The five sepals are joined at the base, long, the inner ones slightly broader than the outer ones. The five petals are golden yellow, egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base and long with a notch at the tip. There are nine stamens, fused at the base on one side of the two densely, shortly-hairy carpels that each contain two ovules. Flowering mostly occurs between September and November.
Taxonomy
This hibbertia was first formally described in 1863 by George Bentham who gave it the name Hibbertia acerosa var. ulicifolia in Flora Australiensis from specimens collected by William Baxter at King George Sound. In 2000, Judith R. Wheeler raised the variety to species status as H. ulicifolia in the journal Nuytsia. The specific epithet (ulicifolia) means "Ulex- (gorse) leaved".
Distribution and habitat
This species mainly grows in heath and on scree slopes in near-coastal areas mainly from Mount Le Grande to Duke of Orleans Bay in the Cape Arid National Park.
Conservation status
Hibbertia hamulosa is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.
See also
List of Hibbertia species
References
ulicifolia
Flora of Western Australia
Plants described in 1863
Taxa named by George Bentham
Hindley is a small hamlet, comprising around 20 residences. It is in the parish of Stocksfield and is just to the south of Stocksfield in Northumberland with Broomley to the west and Whittonstall to the east. It is south of the River Tyne. Hindley is composed of a large house, Hindley Hall (now split up into three houses and four flats), a farm (now converted into residences) and a post box.
History
Hindley is likely to have developed from a farm due to its close proximity to Dere Street (a Roman road between York and into Scotland, passing through nearby Corbridge). Local records have that in 1296 there were two poll-tax payers, a Shepard and a Smith.
The first dated reference to Hindley is dated 25 April 1232, and is an agreement between Sir William de Hindley and Robert de St. Jerman regarding land near Midhope.
In 1256 at the Northumberland Assizes, Hindley is mentioned again in reference to the death of a woman, and the Vills of Hindley were presented for not pursuing marauders after the robbing of someone's house. The land at Hindley has passed through several local families, Boutflower, Ridley, Surtees, and it is clear that there has never been large settlement in Hindley, from Parish records, which began in 1663.
It is not known how Hindley passed into the possession of Mr. Edward Montagu of Denton and of Allerthorpe in Yorkshire (grandson of 2nd Earl of Sandwich, although it is possible he acquired the land through the will of John Rogers. It was sold by his widow, Mrs. Elizabeth Montagu, the famous 'blue stocking', on 12 May 1787, to George Potts of Netherton, in Bedlingtonshire, who by his will, dated 29 November 1797, gave it to his only son, Matthew Potts. At this time Hindley was regarded to be in the Township of Old Ridley.
The 1841 census indicates two families living in Hindley. George Angus, a farmer with four agricultural workers and three female servants, living with his family, presumably in the farmhouse. Hindley Farmhouse was used for Baptist meetings for 150 years until 1863, when it burnt down. Also mentioned in the census is John Surtees, a surgeon, living with his family of four children. John Surtees is related to the famous R. S. Surtees, author of the Jorrocks Stories.
In 1849 the Hindley Estate consisting of 366 acres of land, 30 of which were woodland, was sold at auction. Mr John Featherstone Ayton bought the land at Hindley for £5050, being the only bidder. He occupied the estate, living in Hindley Cottage, presumably overseeing the building of Hindley Hall. In 1861 the Hall was finished and Ayton lived there with his wife Ann Maria, both aged 43, with their seven children (six sons and one daughter), and they had five servants. Three of Ayton's sons were being schooled in Germany at the time, and the enumerator had "crossed out the three names" and they were therefore not listed in the census returns. Mr Ayton wrote to the Home Office to protest at the enumerator's action, arguing that "the three boys really form part of the population of The United Kingdom". The Home Office, however, concluded that "the Enumerator was quite right".
In 1874 William Foster bought the Hall for £19,000 and considerably enlarged the Hall. By the 1881 Census, Mary Foster, a widow, lived in the Hall with her son Alfred J. Foster, aged 17, and two servants. The census also shows William Forster Fairbridge (or Farbridge) his wife Jane and ten children living in Hindley Lodge (now called Northwood Lodge). The estate, still was valued at £13,500 in 1889. The farmhouse, valued separately "as it is really too good for the farm", was valued at £800. This building is probably Hindley House.
In 1947 the hall was sold to Gateshead Corporation and, by 1953, 26 acres of land had also been purchased. The corporation intended to use the building as a residential school for around 60 pupils. The East wing (now the apartments) and a gym were built in the 1950s and 1960s using stone hauled from the ruined Ravensworth Castle (once owned by the Liddell Family). Accommodation for two assistant masters was built and a bungalow for the Headmaster had been built in 1958, although this no longer stands. A greenhouse was erected and a kitchen garden was provided to train pupils. A very high proportion of pupils had been before magistrates, and the purpose of the school was to sort out absenteeism and petty crime by pupils. It is clear that the school was a success and stream of visitors came for training and work experience. In 1991 the school closed and then, in 1993, the Corporation sold the .
The hamlet now comprises mainly residential properties, with the hall having been split up into private residences. In 2010–11 the then disused farm buildings were converted into four residences.
Etymology
The name Hindley could be derived from a number of sources. In R. Heslop's Northumbrian Words he suggests the 'Hindberry' (or raspberry), this is quite likely to be the root as other local names also have their names derived from plants; Broomley and Slaley. An alternative explanation could be that it is derived from 'Hind' (a female Red Deer) relating to the deer found in the area.
Geography
Hindley is situated in the Tyne Valley, roughly fifteen miles west of Newcastle and situated between Hexham and Prudhoe. Nearby are the villages of Stocksfield, Broomley, Bywell, New Ridley and Riding Mill. To the north of Hindley runs a burn called Hindley Burn, this is a tributary of the River Tyne.
Economy
Gainford Design is a graphic design company based in Hindley Hall. Two miles north of Hindley is Wheelbirks Farm, a Jersey Cow farm, which specialises in producing Ice Cream and also has a coffee and Ice cream shop attached, called the Parlour, opened in 2010.
Transport
Road
Hindley lies on the B6309 giving access to Stamfordham, Ebchester, Consett and Durham. The B6309 links with the A695 and the A69, offering links with neighbouring villages and towns, Newcastle upon Tyne, Gateshead, Hexham and Carlisle.
Within walking distance (1.5 miles) is the Stocksfield Station Bus Stop. Local buses stopping at this stop are the 40, 602 and the X66, providing links with Hexham, Corbridge, Prudhoe, Ryton, The Metrocentre and Newcastle. There is also a bus service running to Hexham from Hindley once a week on a Tuesday.
Railway
Hindley is located away from the nearest railway station, Stocksfield railway station, which is on the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway, and has an hourly service running daily.
References
External links
Broomley and Stocksfield Parish Council website
Northumberland County Council Website
Hamlets in Northumberland
Bhimavaram Town Railway Station (station code:BVRT) is an Indian Railways station in Bhimavaram of Andhra Pradesh. It is administered under Vijayawada railway division of South Coast Railway zone.
History
GDV–BVRM Broad gauge railway opened by Jagjivan Ram Railway Minister on 8 October 1961. First express train passing through bvrt is narsapur express (17255/17256) interduceded in year 1-10-1979, first AC train was Cocanada SF Express (12775/12776) cct-sec and non-AC Superfast train was vskp-ltt SF Express (12749/12750) runs on Wednesday and Saturday at present it was converted into ordinary vskp-ltt (18519/18520) Express daily
Classification
It falls under HG-2 railway station category.
Daily Connectivity
Bhimavaram town is very well connected to Major cities, with the below availability of trains
Time-Table
References
Railway stations in West Godavari district
Bhimavaram
The 1968 British League season was the 34th season of the top tier of speedway in the United Kingdom and the fourth season known as the British League.
Summary
Edinburgh relocated to become the Coatbridge Monarchs. The Long Eaton team closed its doors, but a new team in Leicester returned to Speedway to join the League.
Coventry Bees secured their first title on points difference and after they scored points in the last heat of their last match away at King's Lynn. The title win came after two consecutive years as being runner-up. Coventry's Nigel Boocock was again one of the league's leading riders with his average going well above ten for the fifth consecutive year. He was well supported by Ron Mountford and Czechoslovakian star Antonín Kasper Sr. Wimnledon Dons who could only manage a mid table finish went on to win the British League Knockout Cup.
Final table
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points
Leading Riders
British League Knockout Cup
The 1968 British League Knockout Cup was the 30th edition of the Knockout Cup for tier one teams. Wimbledon were the winners.
First Round
Second Round
Third Round
Semi Finals
Final
First leg
Second leg
Wimbledon Dons were declared Knockout Cup Champions, winning on aggregate 118-98.
Teams
Belle Vue Aces
Coatbridge Monarchs
Coventry Bees
Cradley Heath
Exeter Falcons
Glasgow Tigers
Hackney Hawks
Halifax Dukes
King's Lynn Stars
+ (+ rode under the name of Kid Brodie)
Leicester Lions
Newcastle Diamonds
Newport Wasps
Oxford Cheetahs
Poole Pirates
Sheffield Tigers
Swindon Robins
West Ham Hammers
+ (+ rode under the name Tyburn Gallows)
Wimbledon Dons
+ (+ rode under the name Bernie Lagrosse)
Wolverhampton Wolves
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
Knockout Cup (speedway)
References
British League
1968 in British motorsport
1968 in speedway
Paganino Paganini (; Latin: Paganinus de Paganinis; –1538), was an Italian printer and publisher from the Republic of Venice during the Renaissance. He was the original publisher of Luca Pacioli's mathematical works, Summa de arithmetica and De divina proportione, and of what is thought to be the first printed version of the Quran in Arabic.
Life
Born in Brescia in the mid-fifteenth century, Paganini moved to Venice at a young age. In Venice he entered the field of publishing in 1483, working with publishers Bernardino Benali and Giorgio Arrivabene. In 1487 he printed and published his first independent work, a copy of the Roman Missal (published for the first time in 1474). In the following years he devoted himself to the printing of various works on theology and jurisprudence, including an exceptional Bible with accompanying illustrations and commentary by Nicholas of Lyra. His publications also included significant works on mathematics and politics.
In 1517 he returned with his son Alessandro and his wife to Brescia, where he founded his own print shop in the monastery on Isola del Garda; he later settled in the town of Toscolano, which today is part of the municipality of Toscolano-Maderno. Here he continued his collaboration with his son, also a printer and publisher, printing numerous Latin and Italian classics in small format. In his later years he moved to the town of Cecina, also currently part of Toscolano-Maderno, where he died in 1538.
Notable works
Among Paganini's most notable publications were three mathematical writings of Luca Pacioli: Pacioli's Summa de arithmetica (1494), De divina proportione (1509), and his Italian translation of Euclid's Elements (1509). He also published Vergerio's De Republica Veneta liber primus in 1526, contributing to the work's influence on Venetian politics in the early sixteenth century.
First printed Arabic Quran
Between 1537 and 1538 Paganini and his son published what was probably the first printed edition of the Quran in Arabic. This work was likely intended for export to the Ottoman Empire, with which Venice had extensive trade ties. Sometimes known as the Paganini Quran, the Venice Quran, or the Venice Manuscript, it is believed to be the first complete copy of the Quran printed on a movable type printer. In the end, the venture was unsuccessful; the entire print run is reported by various contemporaries to have been lost, though the explanations for the disappearance vary widely. However, one copy of this printed Quran was found in 1987 in a monastery in Isola di San Michele (Venice).
References
Republic of Venice printers
Businesspeople from Brescia
1450 births
Year of birth uncertain
1538 deaths
Arthur Dreyfus (born 4 June 1986 in Lyon), is a French-Swiss writer, journalist, screenwriter and director. He became known in 2009, the year he received the French Young Writer Prize for his short story Il Déserte (He Deserts).
Biography
Dreyfus was born in Lyon to the writer Isabelle Kauffmann. He is of Jewish descent and his grandfather was deported to a concentration camp during the Holocaust. Dreyfus studied literature at Lycée Henri-IV, received a diploma from CELSA Paris and obtained masters degrees in marketing and communication from Sciences Po in 2012. After graduating, he wanted to be an actor and worked as a magician specializing in mentalism. He also appeared in commercials; performed magic shows for brands, aftershows and fashion shows; acted in the television show Famille d'accueil, and created a magic act in 2006 with the actor Jean-Claude Dreyfus at the Théâtre des Bouffes-Parisiens. In March 2013, Dreyfus set up a naked jogging event in front of the French senate in Paris to protest what he described as "ambient puritanism" (« puritanisme ambiant ») and "the legal crusade against children's literature" (« le procès fait à la littérature pour la jeunesse »). In 2016, he acted in Le Système du docteur Goudron, the third film by Noël Herpe.
Journalism
As a journalist, Dreyfus has contributed to Le Figaro, Positif, Technikart, ArtPassions, Stiletto, Vogue, Tempura, Madame Figaro and Holiday Magazine. He specializes in major interviews with celebrities such as Carla Bruni, Catherine Deneuve, Neymar, Olivier Saillard, Jean-Paul Goude, Inès de la Fressange, Jane Fonda, Anna Karina and Xavier Veilhan. Dreyfus also writes opera programs, essays, art books and for luxury fashion brands such as Lancel, Mauboussin and Fendi.
In 2012, he wrote a weekly column in France 2's cultural program called Avant-premieres (Previews). Since 2014, he has been the French cultural correspondent for the talk show Plus on est de fous, plus on lit! (The more one is crazy, the more one reads!), hosted by Marie-Louise Arsenault and broadcast on Radio Canada. In December 2015, he produced a series of shows for France Culture about music and happiness. Since 2017, he has written the musical programs for the classical festival Sommets Musicaux de Gstaad.
At Canal +
During the 2016 season, alongside Augustin Trapenard, Dreyfus was one of the film critics on the show Le Cercle on Canal +. In 2018, he presented La séquence du spectateur (The spectator sequence) during Tchi Tcha, a film show on the channel.
Photography
After practicing photography for years, Dreyfus presented his first exhibition, Nous sommes peut-être passés à côté d'une belle histoire... (We may have missed out on a beautiful story ...), in November 2017 at the Patrick Gutknecht Gallery in Paris. The exhibit was intended as a meditation on eternal and prolonged childhood. He used an iPhone to take the photos and Ilfochrome, a rare photographic process, to produce the prints.
In October 2019, the artist Joël Andrianomearisoa invited him to participate in a collaborative exhibit called ALMOST HOME hosted by the RX gallery in Paris. Dreyfus contributed photographs and a series of poems to the exhibit.
Political Positions
Dreyfus was one of the artists invited by Gérard Collomb to support Emmanuel Macron during his visit to Lyon in February 2017. He later published a pro-Europe and anti-extremist letter addressing supporters of Marine Le Pen in May 2017.
In February 2019, after the Jewish cemetery in Quatzenheim, Alsace was desecrated with swastikas, Dreyfus published a poem against antisemitism on Facebook which was shared 29,000 times and read by children during a ceremony at the town.
Publications
Journal sexuel d'un garçon d'aujourd'hui, P.O.L, March 2021,
82 jours à l'Armurier, in collaboration with Laurent Pernot, Colomiers, Mairie de Colomiers, 72 pages, January 2019,
Je ne sais rien de la Corée, Gallimard, October 2017,
Participation in the joint publication Qu'est-ce que la gauche ?, Fayard, 2017,
Sans Véronique, Gallimard, January 2017,
Correspondance indiscrète, with Dominique Fernandez, Grasset, February 2016,
101 Robes, Flammarion et Les Arts Décoratifs, coffee-table book, Philippe Apeloig version, September 2015,
Enfances, adolescences : 5 nouvelles inédites, Librio littérature, June 2015, joint publication,
Histoire de ma sexualité, Paris, Gallimard, coll. « Blanche », January 2014,
Beau repaire : Jacques Higelin reçoit, Paris, Actes Sud, joint publication, November 2013,
Noël, quel bonheur !, Paris, Armand Colin, 2012, joint publication,
Belle famille, Paris, Gallimard, coll. « Blanche », 2012, 244 pages,
Le Livre qui rend heureux, ill. by François Xavier Goby, Paris, Flammarion, 2011, 122 pages, .
La Synthèse du camphre, Paris, Gallimard, coll. Blanche, 2010, 253 pages,
Il déserte, short story in the eponymous volume, Buchet/Chastel, Paris 2009, joint publication of the winners of the Young Writer's Prize,
References
French screenwriters
Jewish French writers
Jewish journalists
Sciences Po alumni
Writers from Lyon
21st-century French journalists
1986 births
Living people
The Rauer Islands () are a group of rocky coastal islands which lie between Sorsdal Glacier Tongue and Ranvik Bay, in the southeast part of Prydz Bay. Discovered and roughly charted in February 1935 by a Norwegian expedition under Captain Klarius Mikkelsen (see Caroline Mikkelsen). He named them Rauer, probably after the island lying in Oslofjorden opposite Tønsberg, Norway.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
1802 was a year of the Gregorian and Julian calendar.
1802 may also refer to:
BMW 1802, a car model
RCA 1802, a microprocessor
Making Movies is the third studio album by British rock band Dire Straits released on 17 October 1980 by Vertigo Records internationally, Warner Bros. Records in the United States and Mercury Records in Canada. The album includes the single "Romeo and Juliet", which reached #8 on the UK Singles Chart, as well as one of Dire Straits' best known cuts, “Tunnel of Love”, which was also featured in the 1982 Richard Gere film An Officer and a Gentleman.
Making Movies reached number one on the album charts in Italy and Norway, number 19 in the United States and number 4 in the United Kingdom. Making Movies was later certified platinum in the United States and double-platinum in the United Kingdom. It is regarded as one of Dire Straits' best albums.
Background
After Dire Straits' Communiqué Tour ended on 21 December 1979 in London, Mark Knopfler spent the first half of 1980 writing the songs for the band's next album. He contacted Jimmy Iovine after hearing Iovine's production on the song "Because the Night" by Patti Smith—a song co-written by Smith and Bruce Springsteen. Iovine had also worked on Springsteen's Born to Run and Darkness on the Edge of Town albums, and he was instrumental in recruiting E-Street Band keyboardist Roy Bittan for the Making Movies sessions.
Making Movies was recorded at the Power Station in New York from 20 June to 25 August 1980. Jimmy Iovine and Mark Knopfler produced the album.
David Knopfler left Dire Straits in August 1980 during the recording of the album, following heated arguments with his brother. His guitar tracks were almost complete for the album, but were re-recorded by Mark. David appears on video playing "Solid Rock" and "Les Boys" live in concert, but these performances preceded the recording. The album sessions continued with Sid McGinnis on rhythm guitar, although he was uncredited on the album. Dire Straits expanded into a quintet when keyboard player Alan Clark and Californian guitarist Hal Lindes were recruited as full-time group members shortly after the album's release in October 1980.
Four songs were recorded during the sessions but not released on the album: "Making Movies", "Suicide Towers", "Twisting by the Pool" and "Sucker for Punishment". "Twisting by the Pool" was released on the ExtendedancEPlay EP on 10 January 1983 and reached the UK Top 20 when released as a single. The title of the album is taken from a line in the song "Skateaway" and from the outtake "Making Movies".
Release
Making Movies was released on 17 October 1980 on LP and cassette formats. In 1981, an identically named short film was released on VHS and Beta, as well as screened in some theatrical venues, consisting of three music videos directed by fashion/commercial photographer Lester Bookbinder, for "Romeo and Juliet", "Tunnel of Love" and "Skateaway". The original CD version was released in 1984.
The album was remastered and reissued on CD with the rest of the Dire Straits catalogue in 1996 internationally, and on 19 September 2000 in the United States.
The album includes some of Dire Straits' best known songs. The album's main single was "Romeo and Juliet" which reached number 8 in the UK singles chart in early 1981. The second single release was "Skateaway", and the third and final single from the album was the lengthy opening track, "Tunnel of Love", with its intro "The Carousel Waltz" by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II, which only reached the number 54 position in the UK. However, it remains one of Knopfler's most popular compositions.
With new group members Alan Clark and Hal Lindes on board, Dire Straits embarked on tours of Europe, North America, and Oceania from October 1980 until July 1981 to promote the album.
Three of the seven tracks from Making Movies continued to be played throughout the Love over Gold, Brothers in Arms and On Every Street tours: “Romeo and Juliet”, “Tunnel of Love” and “Solid Rock”, while “Expresso Love” was played in all concert tours until 1986.
Critical reception
In his retrospective review for AllMusic, Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave the album four and a half out of five stars, noting that Making Movies "ranks among the band's finest work."
In his review for Rolling Stone, David Fricke gave the album four out of five stars, writing:
Rolling Stone ranked Making Movies number 52 in their survey of the 100 Best Albums of the Eighties.
Track listing
All songs were written by Mark Knopfler, except where indicated.
Personnel
Dire Straits
Mark Knopfler – vocals, guitars
John Illsley – bass, vocals
Pick Withers – drums, vocals
Additional musicians
Roy Bittan – keyboards
Sid McGinnis – guitars (uncredited)
Production
Jimmy Iovine – producer
Mark Knopfler – producer
Shelly Yakus – engineer
Jeff Hendrickson – assistant engineer
Jon Mathias – assistant engineer
Greg Calbi – mastering at Sterling Sound (New York City, New York)
Bob Ludwig – remastering
Neil Terk – original design and artwork
John Illsley – artwork
Brian Griffin – photography
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Making Movies at Mark Knopfler's website
1980 albums
Albums produced by Jimmy Iovine
Albums produced by Mark Knopfler
Dire Straits albums
Vertigo Records albums
Warner Records albums
Ndola District is a district of Zambia, located in Copperbelt Province. The capital lies at Ndola. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 374,757 people.
Constituencies
Ndola District is divided into four constituencies, namely Ndola Central, Kabushi, Bwana Mkubwa and Chifubu.
References
Districts of Copperbelt Province
Ndola
Dr. Vijay Govardhandas Kalantri (born 1949) is an Indian industrialist. He is the Chairman and Managing Director of Balaji Infra Projects Limited (BIPL) and Dighi Port Limited (DPL). He is the President of All India Association of Industries, Chairman of World Trade Center, Mumbai and is Director International of World Trade Centers Association, New York City.
Early life and education
Vijay Kalantri was born in Mumbai in 1949. He did schooling from Hindi Vidya Bhavan, Mumbai. And did Diploma in Textile from Sasmira, Mumbai. Later, he married with Mohini Vijay Kalantri. His sister Kamla Jhawar lives in Raipur. He has an elder brother Ghanshyam Kalantry stays in Mumbai.
Career
Vijay Kalantri has been a Director of Dena Bank, Canara Bank and is a member of the Reserve Bank of India's Standing Committee on Small Scale Industry, Exchange Control and the India Export Advisory Committee. He is on the National Advisory Board of Small Industries Development Bank of India and the Advisory Board of Securities and Exchange Board of India and as an independent, non-executive Director of VIP Industries Ltd.
Kalantri is a member of the Honorable Prime Minister's Task Force, Small and medium-sized enterprises, State Gramin Corporation, Advisory Board of Corporate Governance Committee of SEBI and the Central Council of Customs and Excise. He represents India at World Economic Forum and at the World Trade Organization ministerial conferences.
He is a board member of Africa Economic & e-Governance Forum. He is on advisory board of Green Port South Asia. Kalantri is a former treasurer of state congress. He is a President of All India Association of Industries which has Indo Polish Chamber of Commerce, World Trade Centre, Mumbai, Russia India Trade House and Young Enterepreneurs' Society as its associates.
Awards and honours
Dr. Vijay Kalantri,President, All India Association of Industries & Honorary Consul of Uzbekistan in Mumbai was felicitated with the Outstanding Honorary Consul in India award by Ms. Meenakshi Lekhi, Minister of State External Affairs & Culture, Government of India.
Dr Vijay Kalantri, President, All India Association of Industries being felicitated by Bangladesh Consulate for being instrumental in building successful trade relations between Bangladesh and India on the Occasion of Golden Jubilee of Independence of Bangladesh & 50th Anniversary of Victory Day. By the Bangladesh High Commission with Mr. Lutfor Rahman Deputy High Commission Bangladesh, Mumbai, India Seen in the picture-Lt Gen. Kuldip Singh Brar Commander. Vijay Vadhera , President, Indian Navy Foundation
Pushkin Medal, Russian State Award for contribution in promoting Russian-Indian cultural, scientific and trade cooperation.
The highest Polish civilian honour the Commander Cross of the Order of Merit by the President of the Republic of Poland in 2005, H.E. Mr. Kwasniewski for contribution to the growth of co-operation between the Republic of Poland and the Republic of India.
References
Events
Uzbekistan can be gateway to 250 million consumer market of CIS
AIAI & WTC promote business opportunities in Mauritius
India-Thailand ties to see new high in hospitality and construction materials
Parliament of Iran approves Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement with India, says Mr. Foladgar
Maharashtra industries minister Subhash Desai keen on Thai touch for state's food, dairy processing and allied SME sectors
Maharashtra looks for Thailand's support in food, dairy processing and ..
“India needs to create an export culture”, say experts
Sri Lanka wants to elevate relationship with India to higher level
Rajkumar Hirani's Sanju becomes first production from Bollywood ever ...
Ssekandi meets top India businesses leaders
Trade takes centre stage: Global Economic Summit brings together ..
Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif dazzle at book launch in Mumbai
GST Council meet begins today: 4 things Modi must do to solve ...
Uddhav Thackeray: 'I only have to say mitron as it is equally dangerous'
Odisha Govt promoted the trade and business potentials of the State at ...
1949 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Mumbai
Sylvia Frumkin is the pseudonym given for the schizophrenic subject of Susan Sheehan's 1982 Pulitzer Prize-winning biography Is There No Place on Earth for Me? first published serially in The New Yorker. A quotation from the book, giving some of her dialog, gives some of the general flavor of her behavior:
"There's no such thing as schizophrenia, there's only mental telepathy. I once had a friend named Camilla Costello. She was Abbott and Costello's daughter. She said to me, 'You know, Sylvia, I have a lot of friends, but you're my best friend.' I'm working here. I'm an intern at Creedmoor. I'm in the Pentecostal Church, but I'm thinking of changing my religion. I have a dog at home. I love instant oatmeal. When you have Jesus, you don't need a diet. Mick Jagger wants to marry me. I want to get out the revolving door. With Jesus Christ, anything is possible. I used to hit my mother. It was the hyperactivity from all the cookies I ate. I'm the personification of Casper the Friendly Ghost. I used to go outside asking the other kids to be my friend when I was little. California's the most beautiful state in the Union. I've been there once, by television. My name is Jack Warden, and I'm an actress."
As a result of the publication of her history, she was given more effective treatment. Nonetheless, she continued to go in and out of mental hospitals and died in 1994, according to a follow-up article by Susan Sheehan in The New Yorker titled "The Last Days of Sylvia Frumkin." The same article disclosed her legal name as Maxine Mason, sister of U.S. Democratic Party activist Trudy Mason.
References
Fictional portrayals of schizophrenia
Fictional American Jews
Fictional Jewish women
1994 deaths
Year of birth missing
Pam Coats is an American film producer. In 1999, she became the senior vice president of creative development, the highest-ranking woman at Walt Disney Animation Studios, a position she held until 2004.
Early life and education
Born in Utah, Pam Coats gained experience working in Utah theater, productions for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and at Utah State University. She received a degree in fine arts from Utah State University. She received a master's degree in directing from the University of Oregon.
Career
Coats began working for Disney animation as a production assistant in 1989. She was assigned to the story department as a production assistant for the 1990 film The Rescuers Down Under. She produced the short films Trail Mix-Up, a Roger Rabbit short film, and Runaway Brain starring Mickey Mouse.
Coats is best known for producing the animated film Mulan (1998), her first full-length film. For her work on Mulan, she was awarded an Annie Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement for Producing in an Animated Feature Production.
In 1999 Coats was promoted to senior vice president of creative development, becoming the highest-ranking woman in the Walt Disney Animation Studios. As a Disney executive, she was involved in the English translation and adaptation of Hayao Miyazaki's Spirited Away. She maintained the position until 2004, when her contract was not renewed.
Post-Disney, Coats worked for Miramax to facilitate between the animation and those with live-action experience for the 2011 film Gnomeo & Juliet. Coats produced Scoob!, a Warner Animation Group feature film released in 2020.
References
American film producers
American women film producers
People from Utah
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Utah State University alumni
University of Oregon alumni
Annie Award winners
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
Harold B. Lee Library-related 21st century articles
The Second Syrian Republic—officially the Syrian Republic from 1950 to 1958 and the Syrian Arab Republic from 1961 to 1963—succeeded the First Syrian Republic that had become de facto independent in April 1946 from the French Mandate. The Second Republic was founded on the Syrian Constitution of 1950, which was suspended from 1953 to 1954 under Adib Shishakli's strongmanship, and later when Syria joined with the Republic of Egypt in forming the United Arab Republic in 1958. The Second Republic resumed when Syria withdrew from the union in 1961. In 1963, the Syrian Ba'athist Party came to power in a bloody military coup, which laid foundations for the political structure in Syria for the next decades.
The green, white, black and red flag is the first flag of the Syrian Arab Republic and with the shortest usage, that being from 1961 to 1963. It is also the flag of the Syrian Opposition during the ongoing Syrian civil war.
Background
Mandatory Syrian Republic (1930–1946)
The project of a new constitution was discussed by a Constituent Assembly elected in April 1928, but as the pro-independence National Bloc had won a majority and insisted on the insertion of several articles "that did not preserve the prerogatives of the mandatary power", the Assembly was dissolved on 9 August 1928. On 14 May 1930, the State of Syria was declared the Republic of Syria and a new Syrian constitution was promulgated by the French High Commissioner, in the same time as the Lebanese Constitution, the Règlement du Sandjak d'Alexandrette, the Statute of the Alawi Government, the Statute of the Jabal Druze State. A new flag was also mentioned in this constitution:
The Syrian flag shall be composed as follows, the length shall be double the height. It shall contain three bands of equal dimensions, the upper band being green, the middle band white, and the lower band black. The white portion shall bear three red stars in line, having five points each.
During December 1931 and January 1932, the first elections under the new constitution were held, under an electoral law providing for "the representation of religious minorities" as imposed by article 37 of the constitution. The National Bloc was in the minority in the new Chamber of deputies with only 16 deputies out of 70, due to intensive vote-rigging by the French authorities. Among the deputies were also three members of the Syrian Kurdish nationalist Xoybûn (Khoyboun) party, Khalil bey Ibn Ibrahim Pacha (Al-Jazira province), Mustafa bey Ibn Shahin (Jarabulus) and Hassan Aouni (Kurd Dagh). There were later in the year, from 30 March to 6 April, "complementary elections".
In 1933, France attempted to impose a treaty of independence heavily prejudiced in favor of France. It promised gradual independence but kept the Syrian Mountains under French control. The Syrian head of state at the time was a French puppet, Muhammad 'Ali Bay al-'Abid. Fierce opposition to this treaty was spearheaded by senior nationalist and parliamentarian Hashim al-Atassi, who called for a sixty-day strike in protest. Atassi's political coalition, the National Bloc, mobilized massive popular support for his call. Riots and demonstrations raged, and the economy came to a standstill.
After negotiations in March with Damien de Martel, the French High Commissioner in Syria, Hashim al-Atassi went to Paris heading a senior Bloc delegation. The new Popular Front-led French government, formed in June 1936 after the April–May elections, had agreed to recognize the National Bloc as the sole legitimate representatives of the Syrian people and invited al-Atassi to independence negotiations. The resulting treaty called for immediate recognition of Syrian independence as a sovereign republic, with full emancipation granted gradually over a 25-year period.
In 1936, the Franco-Syrian Treaty of Independence was signed, a treaty that would not be ratified by the French legislature. However, the treaty allowed Jabal Druze, the Alawite region (now called Latakia), and Alexandretta to be incorporated into the Syrian republic within the following two years. Greater Lebanon (now the Lebanese Republic) was the only state that did not join the Syrian Republic. Hashim al-Atassi, who was Prime Minister during King Faisal's brief reign (1918–1920), was the first president to be elected under a new constitution adopted after the independence treaty.
The treaty guaranteed incorporation of previously autonomous Druze and Alawite regions into Greater Syria, but not Lebanon, with which France signed a similar treaty in November. The treaty also promised curtailment of French intervention in Syrian domestic affairs as well as a reduction of French troops, personnel and military bases in Syria. In return, Syria pledged to support France in times of war, including the use of its airspace, and to allow France to maintain two military bases on Syrian territory. Other political, economic and cultural provisions were included.
Atassi returned to Syria in triumph on 27 September 1936 and was elected President of the Republic in November.
In September 1938, France again separated the Syrian Sanjak of Alexandretta and transformed it into the State of Hatay. The State of Hatay joined Turkey in the following year by an election which is made by the people in Hatay. In June 1939. Syria did not recognize the incorporation of Hatay into Turkey and the issue is still disputed until the present time.
The emerging threat of Adolf Hitler induced a fear of being outflanked by Nazi Germany if France relinquished its colonies in the Middle East. That, coupled with lingering imperialist inclinations in some levels of the French government, led France to reconsider its promises and refuse to ratify the treaty. Also, France ceded the Sanjak of Alexandretta, whose territory was guaranteed as part of Syria in the treaty, to Turkey. Riots again broke out, Atassi resigned, and Syrian independence was deferred until after World War II.
With the fall of France in 1940 during World War II, Syria came under the control of the Vichy Government until the British and Free French invaded and occupied the country in July 1941. Syria proclaimed its independence again in 1941 but it wasn't until 1 January 1944, that it was recognized as an independent republic.
In the 1940s, Britain secretly advocated the creation of a Greater Syrian state that would secure Britain preferential status in military, economic and cultural matters, in return for putting a complete halt to Jewish ambition in Palestine. France and the United States opposed British hegemony in the region, which eventually led to the creation of Israel.
On 27 September 1941, France proclaimed, by virtue of, and within the framework of the Mandate, the independence and sovereignty of the Syrian State. The proclamation said "the independence and sovereignty of Syria and Lebanon will not affect the juridical situation as it results from the Mandate Act. Indeed, this situation could be changed only with the agreement of the Council of the League of Nations, with the consent of the Government of the United States, a signatory of the Franco-American Convention of 4 April 1924, and only after the conclusion between the French Government and the Syrian and Lebanese Governments of treaties duly ratified in accordance with the laws of the French Republic.
Benqt Broms said that it was important to note that there were several founding members of the United Nations whose statehood was doubtful at the time of the San Francisco Conference and that the Government of France still considered Syria and Lebanon to be mandates.
Duncan Hall said "Thus, the Syrian mandate may be said to have been terminated without any formal action on the part of the League or its successor. The mandate was terminated by the declaration of the mandatory power, and of the new states themselves, of their independence, followed by a process of piecemeal unconditional recognition by other powers, culminating in formal admission to the United Nations. Article 78 of the Charter ended the status of tutelage for any member state: 'The trusteeship system shall not apply to territories which have become Members of the United Nations, relationship among which shall be based on respect for the principle of sovereign equality.'" So when the UN officially came into existence on 24 October 1945, after ratification of the United Nations Charter by the five permanent members, as both Syria and Lebanon were founding member states, the French mandate for both was legally terminated on that date and full independence attained.
On 29 May 1945, France bombed Damascus and tried to arrest its democratically elected leaders. While French planes were bombing Damascus, Prime Minister Faris al-Khoury was at the founding conference of the United Nations in San Francisco, presenting Syria's claim for independence from the French Mandate.
Syrian independence was attained on 24 October 1945, with recognition of the international community. Continuing pressure from Syrian nationalist groups and British pressure forced the French to evacuate their last troops on 17 April 1946. Although rapid economic development followed the declaration of independence, Syrian politics from independence through the late 1960s was marked by upheaval.
Independent First Syrian Republic (1946–1950)
The early years of independence were marked by political instability. From 1946 to 1956, Syria had 20 different cabinets and drafted four separate constitutions.
In 1948, Syria was involved in the Arab-Israeli War with the newly created State of Israel. The Syrian army was pressed out of the Israeli areas, but fortified their strongholds on the Golan Heights and managed to keep their old borders and occupy some additional territory. In July 1949, Syria was the last Arab country to sign an armistice agreement with Israel.
History
Early years
On 29 March 1949, Syria's national government was overthrown by a military coup d'état led by Hussni al-Zaim. The cause of this coup was the shame that the Syrian Army experienced following the Arab-Israeli War. An example of this shame can be seen in what we will call the Samneh Scandal of 1948. According to Patrick Seale, "President Shukri al-Quwatli and his new Prime Minister set off on a tour of front-line positions and supply points. The story has it that the two politicians noticed a pungent smell coming from a field kitchen. On making inquiries they were told that it came from burning cooking fat. Quwatli demanded that a new tin be opened and an egg cooked before him. The fat once more gave off a nauseating smell: the President tasted it and pronounced it of inferior quality. Samples were sent for testing and revealed that the fat was made from bone waste". Afterwards, Quwatli ordered the arrest of colonel for profiteering. Following this incident, officers became enraged when the common folk held their noses at them, a reference to the smell of the cooking fat. On 14 August 1949, Zaim was overthrown by his colleague Sami al-Hinnawi. A few months later, in December 1949, Hinnawi was overthrown by Colonel Adib al-Shishakli. The latter undermined civilian rule and led to Shishakli's complete seizure of power in 1951. Shishakli continued to rule the country until 1954, when growing public opposition forced him to resign and leave the country. The national government was restored, but again to face instability, this time coming from abroad. After the overthrow of President Shishakli in the February 1954 coup, continued political maneuvering supported by competing factions in the military eventually brought Arab nationalist and socialist elements to power.
During the Suez Crisis of 1956, after the invasion of the Sinai Peninsula by Israeli troops, and the intervention of British and French troops, martial law was declared in Syria. Later Syrian and Iraqi troops were brought into Jordan to prevent a possible Israeli invasion. The November 1956 attacks on Iraqi pipelines were in retaliation for Iraq's acceptance into the Baghdad Pact. In early 1957, Iraq advised Egypt and Syria against a conceivable takeover of Jordan.
In November 1956, Syria signed a pact with the Soviet Union, providing a foothold for Communist influence within the government in exchange for planes, tanks, and other military equipment being sent to Syria. This increase in the strength of Syrian military technology worried Turkey, as it seemed feasible that Syria might attempt to retake Iskenderon, a formerly Syrian city now in Turkey. On the other hand, Syria and the USSR accused Turkey of massing its troops at the Syrian border. During this standoff, Communists gained more control over the Syrian government and military. Only heated debates in the United Nations (of which Syria was an original member) lessened the threat of war.
Joining the United Arab Republic
Syria's political instability during the years after the 1954 coup, the parallelism of Syrian and Egyptian policies, and the appeal of Egyptian President Gamal Abdal Nasser's leadership in the wake of the Suez crisis created support in Syria for union with Egypt. On 1 February 1958, Syrian president Shukri al-Kuwatli and Nasser announced the merging of the two countries, creating the United Arab Republic, and all Syrian political parties, as well as the Communists therein, ceased overt activities. The merger was approved in a 1958 referendum.
1961–1963
Discontent with Egyptian dominance of the UAR led elements opposed to the union under Abd al-Karim al-Nahlawi to seize power on 28 September 1961. Two days later, Syria re-established itself as the Syrian Arab Republic. Frequent coups, military revolts, civil disorders and bloody riots characterized the 1960s. The 8 March 1963 coup resulted in installation of the National Council of the Revolutionary Command (NCRC), a group of military and civilian officials who assumed control of all executive and legislative authority. The takeover was engineered by members of the Ba'ath Party led by Michel Aflaq and Salah al-Din al-Bitar. The new cabinet was dominated by Ba'ath members; the moderate al-Bitar became premier.
See also
Modern history of Syria
Notelist
References
Modern history of Syria
Former countries in the Middle East
Former republics
States and territories established in 1946
States and territories disestablished in 1963
1946 establishments in Syria
1963 disestablishments in Syria
Heartstrings is a 1923 British silent romance film directed by Edwin Greenwood and starring Gertrude McCoy, Victor McLaglen and Russell Thorndike. It is an adaptation of the 1858 short story The Manchester Marriage by Elizabeth Gaskell.
Cast
Gertrude McCoy as Norah
Victor McLaglen as Frank Wilson
Edith Bishop as Alice Wilson
Russell Thorndike as Tom Openshaw
Sydney Fairbrother as Mrs. Chadwick
George Bishop as Mr. Chadwick
Kate Gurney as Mrs. Wilson
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1923 films
1920s romance films
British romance films
Films directed by Edwin Greenwood
British silent feature films
Films set in England
British black-and-white films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
The Abbey of St Mary is a ruined Benedictine abbey in York, England and a scheduled monument.
History
Once one of the most prosperous abbeys in Northern England, its remains lie in what are now the York Museum Gardens, on a steeply-sloping site to the west of York Minster.
The original church on the site was founded in 1055 and dedicated to Saint Olaf. After the Norman Conquest the church came into the possession of the Anglo-Breton magnate Alan Rufus who granted the lands to Abbot Stephen and a group of monks from Whitby. The abbey church was refounded in 1088 when the King, William Rufus, visited York in January or February of that year and gave the monks additional lands. The following year he laid the foundation stone of the new Norman church and the site was rededicated to the Virgin Mary. The foundation ceremony was attended by bishop Odo of Bayeux and Archbishop Thomas of Bayeux. The monks moved to York from a site at Lastingham in Ryedale in the 1080s and are recorded there in the Domesday Book of 1086. Following a dispute and riot in 1132, a party of reform-minded monks left to establish the Cistercian monastery of Fountains Abbey. In 1137 the abbey was badly damaged by a great fire. The surviving ruins date from a rebuilding programme begun in 1271 and finished by 1294.
Precinct
The abbey occupied an extensive precinct site immediately outside the city walls, between Bootham and the River Ouse. The original boundary included a ditch and a narrow strip of ground, but the walled circuit was constructed above this in the 1260s in the Abbacy of Simon de Warwick; the walls were nearly three-quarters of a mile long. In 1318 the abbot received royal permission to raise the height of the wall and crenellate it; a stretch of this wall still runs along Bootham and Marygate to the River Ouse.
The gatehouse in Marygate and its lodge formed part of a range of buildings that linked to the older church of St Olave by a chapel dedicated to Mary. Though work on the chapel and gatehouse was under way 1314 and completed in 1320, the surviving structures are mostly of fifteenth-century origin.
St Mary's Tower is a structure at the corner of Marygate and Bootham.
Abbey Church
The abbey church is aligned northeast–southwest, due to restrictions of the site. The original Norman church had an apsidal liturgical east end, and its side aisles ended in apses, though they were square on the exterior. Rebuilding began in 1270, under the direction of Abbot Simon de Warwick, and was swiftly completed during a single twenty-four year building campaign, such was the financial strength of the abbey. The completed abbey church was in length, consisted of a nave with aisles, north and south transepts with chapels in an eastern aisle, and a presbytery with aisles. To the east of the cloister and on the line of the transepts were a vestibule leading to the chapter house, the scriptorium and library. Beyond the church lay the kitchen, novices' building and infirmary. The Abbey chronicle (which has not been fully translated from Latin) names the project officers as Simon de Warwick, a monk administrator and the master stonemason Master Simon, all of whom were still alive upon the completion of the project in 1294.
The Abbot's House
The abbot's house, built of brick in 1483, survives as the King's Manor because it became the seat of the Council of the North in 1539; the abbots of St Mary's and the abbey featured in the medieval and early modern ballads of Robin Hood, with the abbot usually as Robin Hood's nemesis.
In August 1513 the Abbot supplied four chests for the use of Philip Tilney, treasurer of the English army before the Battle of Flodden. The Abbey seems to have become the accounting office for the army in the north, involving Thomas Magnus, Archdeacon of the East Riding, and two monks of the abbey, Richard Wode and Richard Rypon.
The Dissolution
St Mary's, the largest and richest Benedictine establishment in the north of England and one of the largest landholders in Yorkshire, was worth over £2,000 a year, (), when it was valued in 1539, during the Dissolution of the Monasteries under Henry VIII; it was closed and subsequently substantially destroyed. On 26 November 1539 the Abbey surrendered £2,085 and 50 monks to the Crown.
Library
A fifteenth-century index catalogue records that the Abbey's library originally contained over 750 books. Approximately thirty-five texts from the Abbey are currently extant, including only five printed books; these include a 15th-century copy of Richard Rolle's Incendium Amoris.
Brother Grayson's Bible
A Vulgate Bible, sold at auction in England in 2010, has been identified as the possession of Brother John Grayson from St Mary's Abbey. It is an octavo volume and was printed on 8 November 1526 by Thielmann Kerver in Paris. Brother Grayson was first noted at the Abbey in 1528 but was absent from its pension list at the time of the Dissolution in 1539.
The Anonimalle Chronicle
The Anonimalle Chronicle is an important chronicle whose scope extends from the legendary Brutus to 1381. It was composed in Anglo-Norman by an anonymous monk of St Mary's Abbey towards the end of the 14th century. It includes the most detailed surviving description of a medieval parliament and a well-informed account of the Peasants' Revolt of 1381; these are likely to have been written by eyewitnesses and later incorporated into the chronicle. The body of the chronicle from Brutus to the year 1307 has been described as a variant of the Brut Chronicle, but there are considerable differences (e.g. the chronicler shows an interest in early ecclesiastical history which the Brut does not). From 1307 to 1333 it follows the main Brut tradition more closely though it demonstrates a marked London interest. After 1333 the chronicle is an individual account probably drawing on sources originating in London. The manuscript was known to the 16th-century antiquaries Francis Thynne and John Stow; its title derives from Thynne's description of it. It afterwards passed through the hands of various owners until it was found in the possession of the Ingilby family of Ripley Castle in 1920. The section from 1333 to 1381 was edited by V. H. Galbraith and published in 1927. In 1982 it was acquired by the Brotherton Collection, at the University of Leeds. Another partial edition appeared in 1991 in the form of an edition and translation of the chronicle from 1307 to 1334 by Wendy Childs and John Taylor.
Excavations in the Abbey precinct
The Yorkshire Museum, built for the Yorkshire Philosophical Society, stands in part of the abbey cloister; parts of the east, south and west cloister walls were temporarily excavated in 1827–29 preparatory to digging the museum's foundations. The relationship between the Museum and abbey is historically quite intimate as part of the richly carved chapter house vestibule (c. 1298–1307) survives incorporated into Tempest Anderson Hall lecture theatre (1911–12). These walls and part of the warming house are retained in the Museum as part of the Medieval gallery display.
Excavations of the chapter house were undertaken in 1912 by the honorary curator of Medieval archaeology, Walter Harvey-Brook who, along with E. Ridsdale Tate designed and developed the Museum of Medieval Architecture on the site.
Further excavations in the abbey were undertaken in 1952–56 by the then Keeper of the Yorkshire Museum, George Willmot who encountered the pre-Norman and Roman layers beneath the west wing of the nave.
Excavations in 2014 and 2015 discovered an apse in the south transept, large parts of the wall foundations, and numerous residual small finds dating from the Roman to Modern periods. These investigations also encountered fragments of human remains, disturbed from burials somewhere on the site. One of the major conclusions of these excavations was the prevalence of in situ archaeological remains at a very shallow depth beneath the modern ground surface; in some cases as little as 7 cm underground.
Figure of Jesus Christ
A 13th-century gilt, Limoges enamel figurine depicting Christ (the St Mary's Abbey Figurine) was discovered in the Abbey in 1826, having avoided the dissolution of the monastery in 1539. It disappeared soon afterwards, and was thought by some to have been destroyed, only to be discovered in a private art collection in Germany in the 1920s. In 2019, the statue was bought by York Museums Trust and put on display in Yorkshire Museum.
Abbots of St. Mary's
The abbots of St. Mary's were entitled to wear a mitre and were habitually summoned to Parliament. In total there are known to have been some 30 Abbots, including:
Burials
Stephen, Count of Tréguier
Abbot Thomas Spofforth.
William de Vescy of Kildare
Remains
All that remains today are the north and west walls, plus a few other remnants: the half-timbered Pilgrims' Hospitium, the West Gate and the 14th-century timber-framed Abbot's House (now called the King's Manor). The walls include interval towers along the north and west stretches, St Mary's Tower at the northwest corner, and a polygonal water tower by the river. Much stone was removed from the site in the 18th century, in 1705 for St. Olave's Church, between 1717 and 1720 for Beverley Minster, and in 1736 for the landing stage of Lendal Ferry.
The remains of the Abbey were described by E. Ridsdale Tate in a 1929 publication in which he asserted that:
"Nowhere in England is there another spot so full of charm as York and where in York is there a more charming spot than the Gardens of the Philosophical Society, in which stand the beautiful fragments of that once powerful and noble monastery of St. Mary's. Here we must leave the venerable pile in the evening of its glory."
See also
Grade I listed churches in the East Riding of Yorkshire and the City of York
History of York
List of monasteries dissolved by Henry VIII of England
York City Walls
York Museum Gardens
References
External links
History of York: St Mary's Abbey
The Yorkshire Museum and Gardens website
Monasteries in North Yorkshire
Mary's Abbey
York, St Mary's Abbey
1055 establishments in England
1539 disestablishments in England
Scheduled monuments in York
Christian monasteries established in the 11th century
Benedictine monasteries in England
11th-century establishments in England
Ruined abbeys and monasteries
Church ruins in England
Mary's Abbey
Monasteries dissolved under the English Reformation
William II of England
Antonio Bucciarelli (born 13 August 1970) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played along with Maradona in the Napoli team that won the Serie A title in 1990.
Honours
Napoli
UEFA Cup winner: 1988–89 (did not play any games but was on the roster).
Serie A champion: 1989–90.
1970 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
S.S.C. Napoli players
A.S.D. Giarre Calcio 1946 players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
F.C. Vittoria players
A.S.G. Nocerina players
Association football midfielders
S.F. Aversa Normanna players
F.C. Sangiuseppese players
Joel Luhamets (born 19 March 1952) is an Estonian Lutheran prelate who is the current bishop of the Southern Region whose seat is in Tartu, Estonia.
Early life and education
Luhamets was born on 19 March 1952 in Antsla, southern Estonia to the Reverend Aleksander Luhamets and Meeta Miralda Luhamets (née Siider). After graduating from Antsla Secondary School in 1970, he started studying at the Tallinn Polytechnic Institute's Department of Engineering. He graduated as an Electrical Engineer in 1975. Between 1975 and 1977, he worked as an Electrical Engineer in Märjamaa.
Ordained ministry
Although he grew up in a religious family where his father was a clergyman, in the fall of 1972 he refrained from involving in any religious aspects. Until then, his life had been closely associated with church and music. Nevertheless, in 1977 he enrolled at the Institute of Theology of the Estonian Evangelical Lutheran Church to study theology from where he graduated on 6 January 1987. He was ordained priest on 6 September 1978. Throughout the years Luhamets has been involved in music, playing the instrument and singing as an integral part of his spiritual work. After ordination, he was assigned as pastor of the congregations in Kuressaare where he till 1989. He later became pastor of Põltsamaa Church and in 1991 became Dean of the Viljandi deanery. In 1997 transferred to Tartu to become pastor of St John's Church and Dean of the Tartu deanery, the latter which he kept till 2015. Between 2000 and 2001 he also served as chaplain at the University of Tartu and from 2000 till 2002 he was responsible of Kambja church. He also served the church in Vara from 2004 till 2005 and the church in Äksi between 2009 and 2010. From 1997 till 2017 he served as pastor of St Paul's Church in Tartu.
Bishop
On 13 January 2015 Luhamets was elected Bishop of the Southern Region with the bishopric seat in Tartu. He was consecrated on 23 April 2015 in St. Mary's Cathedral, Tallinn by Archbishop Urmas Viilma and co-consecrated by Andres Põder Archbishop Emeritus of Tallinn; Einar Soone Bishop Emeritus of the Western and Northern Region; Juha Pihkala Bishop Emeritus of Tampere; Paul Brūvers Bishop of Liepaja; Aarre Kuukauppi of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Ingria; and Brian Castle Bishop of Tonbridge. He was installed bishop in St Paul's Church, Tartu on May 25.
Civil life
He also was active in the life of Estonian society. Among other things, he was a member of the Estonian Congress, a member of Põltsamaa City Council between 1993 and 1997 and since 1999 a member of Tartu City Council. Joel Luhamets has been a member of the EELC Songbook Committee and is responsible for the restoration of the Estonian Church and two years as the publisher of the Church Book. In 2001 he was awarded the Order of the White Star.
Family
Joel Luhamets is married to Tiina Luhamets. They have three adult children: Kristjan (1980), Katrin (1981) and Eva-Liisa (1983). His son Kristjan is also a priest.
References
1952 births
Estonian Lutheran clergy
Estonian Lutheran bishops
21st-century Lutheran bishops
People from Antsla
Tallinn University of Technology alumni
Living people
Recipients of the Order of the White Star, 4th Class
The Kingdom Games (, ) was a multi-sport event, held every two years between the youth of the countries in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. At the final edition in 2009, these countries were the Netherlands, the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba. The 2010 dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles led to the cancellation of the 2011 and 2013 editions of the Games, and ultimately the Games were discontinued in 2014.
In addition to creating a sportive atmosphere, respect and fraternization were also central themes of the Games. The contact between the countries and their cultures was the main theme.
History
The first ever Kingdom Games were held in 1965. It was an attempt to bring the parts of the Kingdom closer together. These parts were the Netherlands, Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles. In 1975, Suriname gained independence and did no longer take part in the Games. Between 1979 and 1983, the Games included the Netherlands and the Antilles. In 1995, the Games were refounded by former swimmer and politician Erica Terpstra to bring the youth of the countries closer together.
Locations of the Games
1995: Aruba
1997: Curaçao (Netherlands Antilles)
1999: Sint Maarten (Netherlands Antilles)
2001: Rotterdam (Netherlands)
2003: Aruba
2005: Willemstad (Netherlands Antilles)
2007: The Hague (Netherlands)
2009: Aruba
2011: Curaçao – cancelled
Popularity
In the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba, the Games were popular. In 2005, the Ergilio Hato-stadion in Curaçao was almost sold out during the opening ceremony. It was much less popular in the Netherlands. In 2007, the opening ceremony was not held in a stadium but at the Spuiplein. A few thousand people showed up, and the events were visited by several hundreds of people per day.
Sports
The following sports were scheduled at the Games:
Baseball
Bowling
Football
Judo
Softball
Swimming
Tennis
The strength of the team of the Netherlands used to be adjusted to the strength of the other teams, because normally the level of the Dutch team would have been much higher compared to the other participants. The Dutch normally participated with regional teams or younger sportspeople to close the gap in quality.
Participating teams
– Participated between 1965 and 1975 until independence.
References
External links
NOC-NSF site General info on the Games from the NOC*NSF.
Netherlands
Recurring sporting events established in 1995
Sports competitions in the Netherlands
Youth sport in the Netherlands
Franz Kafka: The Office Writings is a collection of essays, letters and articles composed by Franz Kafka during his years as a high-ranking lawyer with the largest Workmen's Accident Insurance Institute in the Czech lands of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. The collection was edited by Stanley Corngold, Jack Greenberg, and Benno Wagner, and translated by Eric Patton and Ruth Hein. The book includes introductory essays by Corngold and Wagner, as well as commentary following each of Kafka's texts, and an epilogue by Greenberg.
Contents
The Scope of Compulsory Insurance for the Building trades (1908)
Speech on the Occasion of the Inauguration of the Institute's New Director (1909)
Fixed-Rate Insurance Premiums for Small Farms Using Machinery (1909)
Inclusion of Private Automobile "Firms" in the Compulsory Insurance Program (1909)
Appeal against Risk Classification of Christian Geipel & Sohn, Mechanical Weaving Mill in Asch (1910)
Measures for Preventing Accidents from Wood-Planing Machines (1910)
On the Examination of Firms by Trade Inspectors (1911)
Workmen's Insurance and Employers: Two Articles in the Tetschen Bodenbacher Zeitung (1911)
Petition of the Toy Producers' Association in Katharinaberg, Erzgebirge (1912)
Risk Classification Appeal by Norbert Hochsieder, Boarding House Owner in Marienbad (1912)
Letters to the Workmen's Accident Insurance Institute in Prague (1912-15)
Criminal Charge against Josef Renelt for the Illegal Withholding of Insurance Fees (1913)
Second International Congress on Accident Prevention and First Aid in Vienna (1913)
Accident Prevention in Quarries (1914)
Jubilee Report: Twenty-Five Years of the Workmen's Accident Insurance Institute (1914)
Risk Classification and Accident Prevention in Wartime (1915)
A Public Psychiatric Hospital for German-Bohemia (1916)
"Help Disabled Veterans! An Urgent Appeal to the Public" (1916/1917)
References
Kafka, Franz. Franz Kafka: The Office Writings. Princeton University Press, 2008.
Essays by Franz Kafka
2008 non-fiction books
Dimesone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid.
References
Diketones
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Roberts Peak () is a peak (1,800 m) in the south extremity of Maglenik Heights, standing on the north side of Ellen Glacier and 10 km east of Mount Jumper in central Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1996 after Carol A. Roberts, Deputy Director, Office of Polar Programs, National Science Foundation, 1988–96, who represented U.S. research interests on behalf of the National Science Foundation within the Antarctic Treaty system.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
References
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Mirza Mohammad Ali (Persian: میرزا محمد علی), better known as Hajj Sayyah (Persian: حاج سياح "the traveler", 1836–1925), was a famous Iranian American world traveler and political activist.
He is the first Iranian to obtain American citizenship. According to a decree issued by the District Court of the 12th Judicial District of the State of California, he naturalized on May 26, 1875.
Early life
Hajj Sayyah was born in 1836 in the town of Mahallat, Sublime State of Iran. His studies exposed him at a young age to modern and democratic ideas that were then spreading throughout parts of the world. The stark difference that he observed between the treatment suffered by most Persia under their autocratic rulers and those ideas he studied inspired him to see the rest of the world.
Journey
At the age of 23, Hajj Sayyah embarked on a remarkable journey around the globe, and which would last for nearly 18 years. He began his travels by wandering throughout Central Asia and Europe for more than six years. Often, he traveled alone and in poverty.
The motivation for his travels was his thirst for knowledge and spiritual strength. He wanted to learn as much as he could about the world and how other people lived to bring those ideas back to Persia. As a result of his observations throughout his travels, he concluded that human beings are supposed to live in reasonably-humane societies and, to enjoy basic human rights.
Hajj Sayyah came to the United States through New York City. During his ten-year stay in the country, he met with many prominent personalities such as US President Ulysses Grant on more than one occasion. His travels across the United States eventually took him to San Francisco, where he spent several months.
In the course of studying Hajj Sayyahʼs life, Dr. Ali Ferdowsi recently discovered through State Department documents that Hajj Sayyah had become a US citizen on May 26, 1875, the first Iranian to do so.
Political activist
Upon returning to Persia in July 1877, Hajj Sayyah became politically active and was imprisoned for having instigated a clandestine letter writing campaign to the monarch and clergy regarding the unbearable living conditions in Persia. After his release, fearing further persecution he sought the protection of the US legation in Tehran. That move puzzled many Persians, who wondered why he felt that the US government would protect him.
Hajj Sayyah went on to play a major role in the Constitutional Revolution of 1906 in Persia, and he remained active until his death in 1925, at the age of 89.
References
Further reading
Iranian travel writers
1836 births
1925 deaths
Iranian emigrants to the United States
People of the Persian Constitutional Revolution
19th-century Iranian politicians
People from Mahallat
Iranian explorers
20th-century Iranian politicians
Lamb Peak () is a conspicuous bare rock peak located south-southeast of Maagoe Peak in the Gifford Peaks of the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1961 to 1966, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Commander Arthur D. Lamb, who contributed to the success of austral summer resupply activities for three seasons in his capacity as operations and communications officer through U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze 1966.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Never Here is an American thriller film directed and written by Camille Thoman. The film stars Mireille Enos. It premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 18, 2017 and will be distributed by Vertical Entertainment. It marked the final film role for actor Sam Shepard.
Cast
Mireille Enos as Miranda Fall
Sam Shepard as Paul Stark
Goran Višnjić as S
Vincent Piazza as Andy Williams
Nina Arianda as Margeret Lockwood
Production
On May 14, 2014, it was announced that Mireille Enos was cast in the leading role of the feature film debut for documentary director Camille Thoman. Sam Shepard and Goran Višnjić were later cast. Filming began on October 24, 2014, and ended on November 23, 2014 in New York. Executive producers on the film included actor Zachary Quinto and Neal Dodson.
References
External links
2017 films
2017 thriller drama films
2017 drama films
American thriller drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Smear (also known as Schmier) is a North-American trick-taking card game of the Fours group, and a variant of Pitch (Setback). Several slightly different versions are played in Michigan, Minnesota, Northern and Central Iowa, Wisconsin and also in Ontario, Canada.
It is highly likely that the name is related to the German word schmieren, which is used in point-trick games such as Skat for the technique of discarding a high-value card on a trick which your partner is winning. The name might perhaps be connected to the fact that a high-scoring card may be discarded in a trick won by the player's partner, like in Pinochle, or even to "smudge," which is the highest bid in some forms of Pitch.
Ten-point partnership Smear
Partnership Smear is played by four players in fixed partnerships, sitting crosswise. It can also be played by six players in three partnerships. The following version is one of several described by John McLeod.
Deck and basic game structure
The game is played with a deck of 54 cards including two Jokers (Jo). The cards are ranked in the usual order, Aces ranking high. In a feature borrowed from Euchre, the Jack that is not trump but of the same color as the trump suit is known as the Jick (Ji) or Left Bower. The Left Bower and the two Jokers are considered to be part of the trump suit, where they rank below the Right Bower and above the Ten. In case both Jokers are played to the same trick, the second ranks higher than the first.
Smear is a point-trick game, i.e. the winner of Game is determined by the total value of the cards won in tricks, rather than the number of tricks won. The card-values are Ace = 4, King = 3, Queen = 2, Jack = 1, Ten = 10, all other cards = 0 regardless of suit.
The first dealer is decided by cutting. After each hand has been played, up to ten points can be won by players in total. (These are 1 point each for holding the highest or lowest trump in play, for winning one of the Bowers or Jokers, and for winning the trick-play. Finally 3 points for winning the Three of trumps.) The first player to score 21 points over several deals is the winner of the game. ("21 up".)
Deal, bidding and card-play
The dealer shuffles the deck, and the player to the dealer's right cuts. Ten cards are dealt to each player.
Beginning with the eldest hand, each player gets one chance to bid for the privilege of declaring the trump suit. A bid is the number of points that the bidder undertakes to win in the deal, the minimum bid being 1. Each player must make a higher bid than any previous player, or pass.
The player who wins the bid, known as the pitcher or maker, must win as many points as he or she bid, or is set back by the amount of the bid.
After declaring the trump suit, the pitcher takes up the remaining stock of 14 cards and discards 8 of them to get down to six cards. Everybody else discards four cards to get down to six. The discarded cards must not include any trumps, unless that cannot be avoided because the player holds more than six trumps.
The pitcher leads a trump to the first trick.
Trick-play is as in All Fours, i.e. the standard rules for card play in trick-taking games hold, with the following exception: It is always allowed to trump instead of following suit. ("Follow suit or trump.") As usual, the highest card of the suit led wins each trick, unless a trump is played, in which case the highest trump played wins. The winner of a trick leads to the next trick.
Scoring
At most ten points can be won in a deal:
The Jack point is not awarded if no player held the Jack of trumps, and the Game point is not awarded in case of a tie. Players may receive points even if they did not win the auction.
A pitcher who did not win at least the number of points undertaken with the bid does not receive any of the points, and is instead set back by the amount of the bid. Negative scores are possible.
If more than one party reaches the required number of points to win the game, the party with the higher score wins. In case of a tie the pitching party wins.
Variants
Common minor variations
The game may be played with up to 8 players with cards removed from the deck and only a possibility of 5 points to bid on, unless someone shoots the moon which is worth 11 points and consists of getting all 5 points (this also threatens going back 11 as well if the bid isn't made) 1. High 2. Low 3. Jack 4. Jick 5. Game
The game may be played for a different number of points.
If the Jokers are distinguishable, one may rank higher than the other.
The game may be played without the Jokers or with only one Joker.
The game may be played without Jick (i.e. the Jick is an ordinary member of its suit).
The game may be played without the 3 points for Trey.
The points for Jokers may be awarded for holding them at the beginning rather than catching them in a trick.
The minimum bid may be 4 points.
With nine cards
The following variant was described by David Parlett.
Each player is dealt nine cards. After the pitcher has declared trumps, each player discards all non-trumps and receives as many cards as necessary to bring their hand back to six. A player who holds more than six trumps must keep all trumps.
During trick-play, only trumps may be played. Any player holding more than six cards must play the extra cards to the first trick. Players drop out of the game as they run out of trumps. If a player wins a trick with their last trump, the following player leads to the next trick.
The Joker points are awarded to the owners, not winners, of the two Jokers.
The game is 21 up or 31 up. Only the pitching party can win the game.
With a "widow"
Each player receives 9 cards in batches of 3. At some point in between a widow of 4 cards is put aside.
The minimum bid is 4 points. The pitcher takes up the widow before declaring the trump suit. All players except the pitcher discard all their non-trumps and receive replacements as necessary to bring their hands back to six cards. Finally the pitcher picks up the remaining stock and discards down to six cards.
The pitcher need not lead a trump to the first trick.
A player with more than six trumps (including the pitcher after picking up the stock, if applicable) will have to discard trumps, but may not discard any that have scoring value.
The point for Low is replaced by a point for Deuce, i.e. for owning the Two of trumps at the beginning. Similar to the Fool in Tarot games, if the Two of trumps gets lost in a trick, its owner takes it back and puts it to their own party's tricks, to facilitate scoring.
The point for "Game" is replaced by a point for the ten of trumps. This simplifies scoring and eliminates the need to count card points.
One possible bid is shooting the moon. This is the same as winning the maximum number of points possible, but for higher stakes: In case of success the pitching party immediately wins the game. (However, if the pitching party previously had a negative score it is merely reset to 0.) In case of failure the pitching party loses the game.
In the three-handed cutthroat variation, the minimum bid is three.
Five Point Team Smear
Five point Smears can be played with 4, 6, or 8 people. In each way, the group is split into two teams. 6 handed Smear is the favored form of play.
The game is played with a 53 card deck, only one Joker. When playing 8 handed all cards are left in the deck. 6 cards are dealt to each player and five cards are left in the blinds, or "sleeping". (they are not played or used by anyone). But some use 3 cards to make a kiddy which the winning bidder gets to exchange cards with and 2 are left "sleeping" or unused.
When playing 6 handed, the 3's, 4's, and 5's are removed from the deck. 6 cards are dealt to each player and five cards are left in the blinds.
When playing 4 handed, the 3's, 4's, 5's, 6's, 7's and 8's are removed from the deck. 6 cards are dealt to each player and five cards left in the blinds.
Smear involves the card concept of "trump". Each player bids on their hand depending on the value of the cards. The highest bidder lays the first card. The suit the player leads in becomes trump for that deal of cards. Smear follows the basic value system of any game: A,K,Q,J,10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,Jo. The Ace is highest. Any member of the trump suit is worth more than a non-trump card (Ex. If hearts is trump, the 3 of hearts beats the Ace of clubs). The Joker is considered trump in every deal, but is always the lowest value trump.
The highest bidder leads the first trick. After the first, the winner of the trick leads the next. Each player must play in turn following in a clockwise circle.
The players are split into two teams. If 4 handed, two teams of 2. If 6 handed, two teams of 3. If 8 handed, two teams of 4. Teammates are split by every other seating. You cannot sit next to one of your partners.
After each hand the cards are pulled into a pile by the team that won that trick. It is important that the cards of different teams are not mixed. They must be counted in the end.
The goal of Smear is to match the points of you or your teams bid, or to prevent the opposing team from matching their bid. There are Five major points to collect in each deal: HIGH, LOW, JACK, JOKER, GAME. HIGH is the highest value trump card, almost always the ace. LOW, the lowest member of trump, belongs to the player who held it. It does not need to be won in a trick. It is typically the two if it is not sleeping, and should be left on the table once played. The JACK of trump and the JOKER must be won in a trick. GAME is an accumulation of all the points won by either team.
For counting GAME the value of each card is as follows. A-4 pts, K-3 pts, Q-2 pts, J-1 pt, 10-10 pts, 9 through 2- 0 pts, Jo-0 pts.
Notes
References
.
.
All Fours
American card games
French deck card games
Multi-player card games
fi:All fours (korttipeli)#Pitch
Duke of Guimarães was a Nobility title granted by King Afonso V of Portugal in 1475, to Ferdinand II, 3rd Duke of Braganza. The king just upgraded the previous title of count of Guimarães, that he granted to the same Duke of Braganza, some years before (in 1464).
When Isabel of Braganza married Infante Duarte, King Manuel I of Portugal's youngest son, her brother, Teodósio I, Duke of Braganza ceded the dukedom as her dowry, and Duarte became the 4th duke of Guimarães. As their son (Duarte II, 5th duke of Guimarães) died without issue, the dukedom returned to the crown, but was soon granted again to the House of Braganza, when king Philip III of Portugal, gave it to John II, 8th Duke of Braganza.
List of the Dukes of Guimarães
Ferdinand II, Duke of Braganza (1430-1483). Count of Guimarães (1464), Duke of Guimarães (1475);
Jaime, Duke of Braganza (1479-1532);
Teodósio I, Duke of Braganza (1510-1563);
Infante Duarte, 4th Duke of Guimarães (1515-1540);
Infante Duarte, 5th Duke of Guimarães (1541-1576);
John II, 8th Duke of Braganza (1604-1656). Became King of Portugal in 1640;
Infanta Adelgundes, Duchess of Guimarães (1858-1946), daughter of King Miguel I of Portugal, married Prince Henry, Count of Bardi (son of Charles III of Parma);
Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza (born 1945), current Duke of Braganza.
See also
Portuguese nobility
Duke of Braganza
Count of Guimarães
List of Portuguese Dukedoms
External links
Genealogy of the Dukes of Guimarães in Portuguese
Bibliography
"Nobreza de Portugal e Brazil" - Vol. II, pages 651-652. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.
Guimaraes
Guimaraes
1475 establishments in Portugal
Renzo Picasso (1880–1975) was an Italian architect, engineer, and urban planner and designer.
He was the author of the early twentieth century utopian projects for the city of Genoa, such as that for the Piazza de Ferrari, which suggested a development in height for those urban and metropolitan cities with a population of three million inhabitants or more.
His numerous projects for skyscrapers (or rather the "cloudscratchers" as he used to call the high rising towers he dreamt to build, "grattanuvole") are set in a context of wide open spaces to ease human socialization.
He was also the inventor of machines and devices characterized by the use of advanced technologies, such as the Motovol and the auto-scafopattino.
Projects
Piazza De Ferrari, Genova, 1909
New city, New Genova, 1913, Renzo Picasso
Bibliography
Alessandro Ravera, "Ai due capi di una stessa rotta; New York e Genova viste da Renzo Picasso"
Gian Luca Porcile, "Modelli urbani e tipologie edilizie: la città e il grattacielo nell'opera di Renzo Picasso"
Nicola Canessa, "Dal treno verticale alla macchina volante: Renzo Picasso e l'utopia della mobilità"
Luigi Berio, Viaggio in Liguria n°2: Renzo Picasso, FRCS Liguria, 2010
References
External links
Manfredi Beninati,Renzo Picasso, Archivio Flavio Beninati, 2012
Renzo Picasso Homepage
Architects from Genoa
Engineers from Genoa
Urban designers
1880 births
1975 deaths
Annulobalcis pellucida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae.
Distribution
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1832
Dominica State College (DSC) is a national college in Stockfarm, Dominica. It is an amalgamation of The Technical College, The Dominica Teachers Training College, The Sixth Form College, and The Princess Margaret Hospital School of Nursing, through the Dominica State College Act of 2002. DSC is the largest educational institution in Dominica by active student population.
DSC offers courses in Arts, Applied Arts, Business, Health, Hospitality, Natural Sciences, Social Sciences, Tourism, and General Studies to its active student population of approximately 1400.
History
The amalgamation was the idea of Prime Minister Rosie Douglas. As outlined by Peters, who at the time was at the State University of New York at Plattsburgh. The Dominica State College was planned as a transition from four already established educational institutions. The idea was brought to fruition and proposed to parliament by the then Minister for Education Honourable Roosevelt Skerrit. Skerrit took an inclusive approach and invited all stakeholders in Dominica to contribute to the development of the new college by participating in 16 transition teams representing all aspects newly developed College. Mr Zechariach Pollock, Head of the Education Planning Unit of the Ministry of Education Headed the initiative, supported by consultant Dr. Hilroy Thomas, and assisted by Miss Avril Warner and Dr. Helen Francis Seaman.
The Clifton Dupigny College Academic Division would become the Faculty of Arts & Science, Clifton Dupigny Technical Division would become the Faculty of Applied Science & Technology, Teachers Training College would become the Faculty of Education and Human Development, and the School of Nursing would become the Faculty of Nursing and Health Sciences. The State College was planned to provide students with the first two years of their university education. It was hoped that the State College would begin offering 4 year degrees by 2010. DSC held its first graduation ceremony in July 2003, and the school was also officially opened at the same ceremony although it was actually established in September 2002. It was established by an Act of Parliament.
In 2008, construction was approved for a new Dominica State College with construction funding expected to come from the People's Republic of China. The following year, the Bachelor of Science degree in nursing was initiated. The DSC has developed Articulation Agreements with the University of West Indies, University of Technology, Jamaica, and others within The Caribbean, The United Kingdom and The United States.
Since September 2011, the school's hours of operation has again included evening classes for students pursuing certificate programs, in addition to traditional classes for those pursuing degree programmes.
Scholarships
Under Dominica's tertiary education system, scholarships are offered to talented students and those who need economic assistance, without discrimination, to pursue higher education in educational instructions outside the country.
Past Presidents
Notable people
Alumni
Faculty
In 1996, Technical Section of the Clifton Dupigny Community College was directed by Merril J. Matthew, while the Academic Division was directed by Mr. Henry Volney. Early involvement in the transition to DSC included Dr. Hilroy Thomas, Dr. Helen Francis Seaman and Zechariah Pollock, and several members of the Dominica Community who participated in the transition teams. By 2003, when the school had transitioned to be DSC, the president was Dr. Bernard Yankey, the former Organisation of East Caribbean States ambassador to Canada. Dr. Yankey was succeeded by Dr. Annette J. Bardouille who served as president of the College from 2005- 2007. By 2011, Dr. Donald C. Peters succeeded Hubert Charles as President at the end of his term.
References
The first Governor of the College was Vans T. LeBlanc, a native of Dominica who at the time of his appointment was also the Managing Director of the National Bank of Dominica. He was appointed to the Governorship by the Honourable Roosevelt Skerrit, Prime Minister of Dominica.
External links
Universities and colleges in Dominica
Roseau
Educational institutions established in 1980
Educational institutions established in 2002
2002 establishments in Dominica
"My Past Is Present" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Rodney Crowell. It was released in July 1990 as the third single from the album Keys to the Highway. The song reached number 22 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. It was written by Crowell and Steuart Smith.
Chart performance
References
1990 singles
Rodney Crowell songs
Songs written by Rodney Crowell
Song recordings produced by Tony Brown (record producer)
Song recordings produced by Rodney Crowell
Columbia Records singles
1989 songs
The United States Department of Defense held seven French detainees in Guantanamo. All of those French detainees were released from the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp by 2005.
A total of 778 detainees have been held in extrajudicial detention in the Guantanamo detention camps, in Cuba since the camps opened on January 11, 2002. The camp population peaked in 2004 at approximately 660. Only nineteen new detainees, all "high value detainees" have been transferred there since the United States Supreme Court's ruling in Rasul v. Bush.
The last French citizens were repatriated in March 2005.
Six of the men faced charges in France upon repatriation.
Five of the men were convicted.
Their convictions were overturned, on appeal, in February 2009.
On February 17, 2010, the Court of Cassation, the highest court in France, ordered a re-trial of the five men.
French detainees in Guantanamo
References
Lists of Guantanamo Bay detainees by nationality
France–United States relations
Patrick David Barr (13 February 1908 – 29 August 1985) was an English actor. In his career spanning over half a century, he appeared in about 144 films and television series.
Biography
Born in Akola, British India in 1908, Barr was educated at Radley College and Trinity College, Oxford, where he rowed in the 1929 Boat Race and achieved a Blue. He went from stage to screen with The Merry Men of Sherwood (1932). He spent the 1930s playing various beneficent authority figures and "reliable friend" types.
As a conscientious objector during the Second World War, Barr helped people in the Blitz in London's East End before serving with the Friends' Ambulance Unit in Africa. There he met his wife Anne "Jean" Williams, marrying her after ten days; it would have been sooner, but they needed permission from London.
In 1946, he picked up where he had left off, and in the early 1950s he began working in British television, attaining a popularity greater than he had while playing supporting parts in such films as The Case of the Frightened Lady (1940) and The Blue Lagoon (1949).
This popularity enabled Barr to obtain better roles and command a higher salary for his films of the 1950s and 1960s. Some of the films in which he appeared during this period were The Dam Busters (1955), Room in the House (1955), Saint Joan (1957), Next to Next Time (1960), Billy Liar (1963), The First Great Train Robbery (1979) and Octopussy (1983). On television, he appeared in Doctor Who in 1967 as Hobson in the serial entitled The Moonbase; in the 1970 Randall & Hopkirk (Deceased) episode "You Can Always Find a Fall Guy" and appeared once in The Avengers. In the 1981 BBC Radio 4 adaptation of The Lord of the Rings, Barr voiced the role of Gamling.
Selected filmography
Meet My Sister (1933) – Bob Seymour
Irish Hearts (1934) – Dr. Connellan
Gay Old Dog (1935) – Phillip
Things to Come (1936) – World Transport Official (uncredited)
Wednesday's Luck (1936) – Jim Carfax
East Meets West (1936) – O'Flaherty
Midnight at Madame Tussaud's (1936) – Gerry Melville
The Cavalier of the Streets (1937) – The Cavalier
The Show Goes On (1937) – Designer
Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel (1937) – Lord Hastings
Sunset in Vienna (1937) – Ludwig (uncredited)
Sailing Along (1938) – Seaman at Birthday Party (uncredited)
Incident in Shanghai (1938) – Pat Avon
Star of the Circus (1938) – Truxa
Meet Mr. Penny (1938) – Clive Roberts
Yellow Sands (1938) – Arthur Varwell
The Gaunt Stranger (1938) – Det. Insp. Alan Wembury
Marigold (1938) – Lt. Archie Forsyth
Let's Be Famous (1939) – John Blake
Contraband (1940) – Undetermined Role (uncredited)
The Case of the Frightened Lady (1940) – Richard Ferraby
The Blue Lagoon (1949) – Second Mate
Man on the Run (1949) – Detective at Cabby's Restaurant
Adam and Evelyne (1949) – Bert – Adam's Friend (uncredited)
Golden Arrow (1949) – Hedy's Husband
To Have and to Hold (1951) – Brian
The Lavender Hill Mob (1951) – Divisional Detective Inspector
The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men (1952) – King Richard
Death of an Angel (1952) – Robert Welling
You're Only Young Twice (1952) – Sir Archibald Asher
King of the Underworld (1952) – Inspector John Morley
Murder at Scotland Yard (1952) – Inspector John Morley
Black Orchid (1953) – Vincent Humphries
Sailor of the King (1953) – Capt. Tom Ashley, HMS 'Amesbury'
I vinti (1953) – Ken Wharton
The Intruder (1953) – Inspector Williams
Black 13 (1953) – Robert
Escape by Night (1953) – Insp. Frampton
Duel in the Jungle (1954) – Supt. Roberts
Seagulls Over Sorrento (1954) – Cmdr. Sinclair
Time Is My Enemy (1954) – John Everton
The Brain Machine (1955) – Dr. Geoffrey Allen
The Dam Busters (1955) – Captain Joseph (Mutt) Summers, C.B.E.
Room in the House (1955) – Jack Richards
It's Never Too Late (1956) – Charles Hammond
Saint Joan (1957) – Captain La Hire
At the Stroke of Nine (1957) – Frank
Lady of Vengeance (1957) – Inspector Madden
Next to No Time (1958) – Jerry Lane
Urge to Kill (1960) – Superintendent Allen
The Valiant (1962) – Reverend Ellis
The Longest Day (1962) – Group Captain James Stagg (uncredited)
Billy Liar (1963) – Insp. MacDonald
Ring of Spies (1964) – Captain Warner
Last of the Long-haired Boys (1968) – Conyers
Guns in the Heather (1969) – Lord Boyne
The Flesh and Blood Show (1972) – Major Bell / Sir Arnold Gates
The Satanic Rites of Dracula (1973) – Lord Carradine
House of Whipcord (1974) – Justice Bailey
The Black Windmill (1974) – Gen. St. John
The First Great Train Robbery (1979) – Burke
Home Before Midnight (1979) – The Judge
Octopussy (1983) – British Ambassador
Television Series
Inspector Morley: Late of Scotland Yard (1952) - (seven episodes) - (with Dorothy Bramhall, Tucker McGuire, Tod Slaughter, and Johnny Briggs (actor)).
References
External links
1908 births
1985 deaths
English male film actors
English male television actors
People educated at Radley College
Alumni of Trinity College, Oxford
English conscientious objectors
People associated with the Friends' Ambulance Unit
People from Akola
20th-century English male actors
British people in colonial India
20th-century Quakers
David Nunan (born 11 October 1949 in Broken Hill, Australia) is an Australian linguist who has focused on the teaching of English. He is the author of the ELT textbook series "Go For It!".
Nunan's academic and student textbooks are published by Cambridge University Press, Oxford University Press, Anaheim University Press, Palgrave/Macmillan, and the EFL publishing division of Cengage Learning. Nunan is Vice-President for Academic Affairs at Anaheim University based in Anaheim, California. Nunan serves in a concurrent role as Dean of the Graduate School of Education and Professor of Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) at Anaheim University where he has worked since 1996.
In 2000, Nunan served as President of TESOL Inc., the world's largest language teaching association, and was the second person to serve as President from outside North America. Previously Nunan has served as Chair and Professor of Applied Linguistics at the University of Hong Kong and has been involved in the teaching of graduate programs for such institutions as the University of Hawaii, Monterey Institute for International Studies, Sophia University, Chulalongkorn University, Thailand and many others. He is a Academic Advisor to the GlobalEnglish Corporation, and is on the Executive Committee of The International Research Foundation for English Language Education.
Nunan began his career in Teaching English as a Second Language (ESL) in Sydney, Australia before completing graduate studies in the United Kingdom. He has worked as a teacher, researcher and consultant in many countries including Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States, Thailand, Singapore, Japan, China—Hong Kong and in a number of Latin American countries.
Awards
In 2002 Nunan received a congressional citation from the United States House of Representatives for his services to English language education through his pioneering work in online education through Anaheim University. In 2003 he was ranked the 7th most influential Australian in Asia by Business Review Weekly, and in 2005 he was named one of the top "50 Australians who Matter". In November 2006 Nunan was awarded the Convocation medal for outstanding achievement and contribution internationally to the profession of Teaching English as a second language, from Flinders University, where he earned his PhD in Education and Linguistics. In December 2006 Nunan was invited by the Australian Prime Minister to attend the Advance Leading 100 Global Australians Summit in Sydney, Australia.
Selected publications
Nunan, D. (1991). Language Teaching Methodology: A Textbook for Teachers (Prentice Hall International English Language Teaching). Prentice Hall.
Nunan, D. (1998). Second Language Teaching & Learning (1st ed.). Heinle ELT.........
Nunan, D., David Nunan, Candlin, C. N., & Widdowson, H. G. (1988). Syllabus Design. Oxford University Press.
Nunan, D. (2003). Practical English Language Teaching PELT Text (A Course in English Language Teaching) (1st ed.). McGraw-Hill Education.
Nunan, D. (2004). Task-Based Language Teaching (Cambridge Language Teaching Library) (1st ed.). Cambridge University Press.
External links
David Nunan TESOL Institute
References
1949 births
Living people
Anaheim University
Linguists from Australia
Australian textbook writers
The WIPI protein family (WD-repeat protein Interacting with PhosphoInositides) is an evolutionarily conserved family of proteins. WIPI proteins contain a WD repeat domain that folds into a 7-bladed beta-propeller that functions in autophagy, and contain a conserved motif for interaction with phospholipids.
Members of this family include:
References
Protein families
Isabela Yolanda Moner (born July 10, 2001), known professionally as Isabela Merced since 2019, is an American actress and singer. She played the lead role of CJ Martin on the Nickelodeon television series 100 Things to Do Before High School (2014–2016) and voiced Kate in Nickelodeon's animated spinoff series Dora and Friends: Into the City! (2014–2017). In film, she has played Izabella in Transformers: The Last Knight (2017), Lizzy in Instant Family (2018), Isabel in Sicario: Day of the Soldado (2018), the titular character in Dora and the Lost City of Gold (2019), and Rachel Cooper in the Netflix film Sweet Girl (2021).
Early life and education
Merced was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She is the daughter of Katherine, who was born in Lima, Peru, and Patrick Moner, who was born in Louisiana. Merced has stated that Spanish was her first language, and she struggled with English when she first started grade school, adding that she considers herself more Peruvian than American. At age 15, she was accepted into college.
Merced began acting after her family's Cleveland home was destroyed by a fire. Merced was a Judy Garland fan, so her parents, wanting to distract her from the loss, asked her if she wanted to audition for a local production of The Wizard of Oz. She agreed and was cast as a Munchkin. A local theatre director urged the family to relocate to New York City, which they did, to help her pursue a career on Broadway.
Career
Merced has said that she wanted to be an actress from a very young age, inspired by movies featuring Shirley Temple and Judy Garland and starting in local community theatre at age six. Merced made her Broadway debut at age ten in a production of Evita, in which she sang in Spanish with Ricky Martin. She released an album produced by Broadway Records in September 2015, entitled Stopping Time.
Merced's first starring performance was as CJ Martin, the lead role on the Nickelodeon television series 100 Things to Do Before High School, from 2014 to 2016. That same year, she began providing the voice of Kate, one of the main characters in the Dora the Explorer spinoff, Dora and Friends: Into the City!, a role she performed from 2014 to 2017. In 2015, she appeared as Lori Collins in the Nickelodeon Original Movie Splitting Adam, and was cast as Sadie, one of the leading roles, in the 2016 Nickelodeon Original Movie Legends of the Hidden Temple. In May 2016, Merced was cast in the film Transformers: The Last Knight, which was released in June 2017. She voiced Heather in the animated film The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature, which was theatrically released on August 11, 2017.
In 2018, Merced had a "major" role in Sicario: Day of the Soldado, playing the daughter of a drug cartel head, in a performance lauded by critics. The New Yorker'''s Anthony Lane wrote "Moner is terrific, and her character's fortunes can be read in her eyes—blazing to begin with, as she scraps with another girl in a schoolyard, but dark and blank by the end, their youthful fire doused by the violence that she has seen."
In the same year, she played the adopted daughter of the characters played by Mark Wahlberg and Rose Byrne in the comedy film Instant Family, for which she also wrote and sang the song "I'll Stay".Instant Family (2018), Soundtrack.net In 2019, Merced starred as the title character in Dora and the Lost City of Gold, a live action film adaptation of the animated series, and was cast in the Christmas romantic comedy ensemble film Let It Snow. The same year, she was cast opposite Jason Momoa in the film Sweet Girl for Netflix.
On October 14, 2019, Merced announced to her fans via a post on her Instagram account that she had decided to change her stage name to Isabela Merced, in memory of her late grandmother whom she never met. Merced later explained that she had not legally changed her name and said that it was "just a stage name but it's got a deeper meaning". Her first single, "Papi", was released on October 25, 2019, followed by her first music video released on November 6, 2019. On May 22, 2020, Merced released her debut EP, The Better Half of Me; and was named one of Billboard'''s top 15 new Peruvian artists to listen to in July 2020.
In March 2022, it was announced Merced would star in the film adaption of John Green's novel Turtles All the Way Down, with filming beginning in April 2022.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
21st-century American actresses
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Actresses from Cleveland
American child actresses
American film actresses
American people of Peruvian descent
American television actresses
American video game actresses
Hispanic and Latino American actresses
Hispanic and Latino American women singers
Republic Records artists
Musicians from Cleveland
Singers from Ohio
Elżbieta Nowak (born 2 September 1972) is a Polish former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
Polish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Jelenia Góra
Sportspeople from Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Ahmad Ismail Ali () (14 October 1917 – 26 December 1974) was the Commander-in-Chief of Egypt's army and minister of war during the October War of 1973, and is best known for his planning of the attack across the Suez Canal, code-named Operation Badr. Ali's mother was of partial Albanian descent.
He graduated from the Military Academy in 1938 and was a colleague of both the late President Anwar Sadat and President Gamal Abdel Nasser in the Academy. After graduating with the rank of second lieutenant, he joined the infantry and served the Second World War and fought in the 1948 Palestine War, the 1956 Tripartite Aggression and the 1967 war. He became in 1969 the Chief of Staff The Egyptian army and then was dismissed by President Abdel Nasser because of the famous Zafarana incident. Then President Sadat returned him to the service as head of the General Intelligence, then he was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-General and became Minister of War in 1972. He fought the October War and died in 1974.
Military career
Graduated from Egypt's Royal Military Academy in 1938.
Commissioned in an Infantry regiment.
Served with the Allies in the Western Desert against the Axis during the Second World War
Fought as an infantry battalion commander in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
Later received training in Great Britain
Saw active service during the 1956 Suez Crisis, and undertook further training in the Soviet Union
Served as a division commander during the 1967 Six-Day War of 1967
Head, Military Operations Authority
Appointed Chief of the General Staff in March 1969, but was dismissed by President Nasser in September 1969 following successful Israeli raids during the War of Attrition. Nasser's successor as President, Anwar Al-Sadat, however, named him chief of intelligence in September 1970.
From 1971 to 1972 he served as head of the Egyptian General Intelligence Directorate.
He graduated in 1938 with the rank of second lieutenant and joined the infantry. Then he went on the training mission to Deir Safir in Palestine in 1945, and he ranked first among the Egyptian and English officers. His talent began to shine in the Second World War, in which he participated as an intelligence officer in the Western Sahara. In the Palestine war, he became the commander of an infantry company in Rafah and Gaza, and that experience qualified him to be the first to establish the nucleus of the Sa'ika Forces, He was at the rank of (Colonel) and commanded the 3rd Infantry Brigade in Rafah and then Qantara Sharq during the tripartite aggression carried out by Britain, France and Israel against Egypt in the fall of 1956.
In 1957, he went to military academy in the Soviet Union, and in the same year he worked as a senior teacher at the Military academy in Egypt, after which he left it and took command of the 2nd Infantry Division, which he reconstituted to be the first combatant formation in the Egyptian Armed Forces. In 1960, the old centers of power tried to overthrow him, and he was at the rank of (brigadier) and after 1967, those centers found a justification to overthrow him, and indeed they succeeded in that, but President (Gamal Abdel Nasser) summoned him and handed him the command of the forces east of the Suez Canal, and only three months after The 1967 battles he established the first defensive line and reorganized, trained and armed these forces, and after a short period these forces were able to fight the battle of Ras al-Esh, the Battle of Green Island, and the sinking of the Israeli destroyer (Eilat).
In October 1972, Ali accompanied Prime Minister Aziz Sidqi on a visit to Moscow, and, on his return, stifled a coup attempt against President Sadat. That same month, he replaced the anti-Soviet general Mohammed Ahmed Sadek as Minister of Defence, and was promoted to full general. His skill as a strategist, and his success in reviving the morale of the Egyptian army became evident in the October War of 1973. Following the war, he was made a Field Marshal in November 1973.
Death
Ali died in December 1974 from advanced cancer in London, at the age of just 57.
Cultural depictions
Television
Ahmed Ismail Ali was portrayed by Egyptian actor Salah Zulfikar in the 1993 television series The Fox (Al-Tha'lab) which aired on Egyptian television in Egypt and the Arab world.
References
External links
Defencejournal.com Article
Britannica.com Article
1917 births
1974 deaths
Military personnel from Cairo
Field marshals of Egypt
Defence Ministers of Egypt
Egyptian people of the Yom Kippur War
Egyptian Military Academy alumni
Egyptian people of World War II
Directors of the General Intelligence Directorate (Egypt)
Deaths from cancer in England
Chiefs of the General Staff (Egypt)
Floraville is a census-designated place in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 53 as of the 2010 census.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in St. Clair County, Illinois
Census-designated places in Illinois
Le Chevalier des Neiges, known in English as The Knight of the Snows or The Knight of the Snow, is a 1912 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.
Plot
Princess Azurine, daughter of King Majolic, is betrothed to the handsome young Baron Gauthier, the Knight of the Snows. Just as the royal court is celebrating the betrothal, they are interrupted by Baron Hughes le Cruel, a pretender to the throne, who demands the hand of Azurine. The two barons fight briefly before Hughes leaves to consult a sorcerer, Alcofrisbas, who brings him in contact with demonic forces, including the Devil himself, Belphégor. Hughes, selling his soul to Belphégor, arranges to have Azurine kidnapped by demons and imprisoned. Belphégor and his attendant demons, with the help of a dragon-drawn flying carriage, carry out the kidnapping and lock Azurine in a distant dungeon.
Gauthier, determined to save Azurine, consults the sorcerer. The impartial Alcofrisbas puts him in contact with supernatural forces of good, who provide him with a magic rose to protect him, as well as a journey by ship to the dungeon. Using his wits and supernatural help, Gauthier manages to find Azurine and rescue her, bringing her back to Majolic's court amid much rejoicing. Hughes is about to be hung for his treachery when Belphégor appears and, reminding him that his soul has already been sold, drags him down directly to the Underworld.
Production
The film was made by Méliès in the autumn of 1912; its initial working title was La Fée Carabosse, which Méliès had previously used as the French title of a 1906 film, known in English as The Witch. Méliès himself plays Belphégor, and a surviving scenario records the names of all the main characters: Baron Gauthier (the Knight of the Snows), Baron Hugues le Cruel (the man dressed in black, a pretender to the throne), Azurine daughter of King Majolic (the princess), Alcofrisbas (the sorcerer), and Belphégor (the Devil).
The Knight of the Snows, Méliès's penultimate film, was the last one he completed in 1912; production of The Voyage of the Bourrichon Family began in that year, but appears to have been interrupted after only a few scenes were filmed. The film is also the last Méliès made in the féerie style, his last film with Faustian themes, and the last of many films in which Méliès appeared as the Devil. The themes and effects in the film recall many from the previous Méliès films The Kingdom of the Fairies and The Palace of the Arabian Nights. Méliès had previously used the name Azurine, the kidnapped princess in the film, for the kidnapped princess in The Kingdom of the Fairies. In addition, many props and scenic elements were reused from other Méliès films, including the dragon puppet from The Witch and the mechanical snake from Rip's Dream.
Like the other five of Méliès's last films, The Knight of the Snows was made under contract with the Pathé Frères studio. Two Pathé cameras were used simultaneously to record these films, one of them likely handled by Méliès's daughter Georgette, who had been operating cameras for him since 1902. The abruptly linear continuity editing techniques in the film were common by 1912, but are markedly different from Méliès's usual cutting style, strongly implying that the film was completely recut by the Pathé director Ferdinand Zecca before release. The film is paced more slowly than Méliès's earlier works, with more supernumeraries and more time spent justifying magical effects and stage machinery. Méliès's film Cinderella or the Glass Slipper, made the same year, has a similar pace and similar evidence of recutting by Zecca.
Apart from these concessions to Pathé, the film is made in the theatrical style Méliès had continuously used for his fiction films since the 1890s, with action presented mostly in series of theatrical tableaux. Special effects in the film were created with stage machinery, pyrotechnics, substitution splices, superimpositions, and dissolves.
Release and reception
The film, advertised by Pathé Frères as a féerie fantastique enfantine, was announced in Ciné-Journal on 8 February 1913, and ran at the Omnia Pathé cinema in Paris from the 21st to the 27th of the month.
Jack Zipes, in a description of the film, notes that "Méliès appears to have run out of steam and joy in this last twenty-minute féerie. There are very few comic touches … Nevertheless, [it] is a tightly-knit fairy-tale film that shows Méliès as a nimble master." Zipes adds that the film may have autobiographical overtones, with the individualistic innovator Méliès attempting to defend his style from "the dark forces of corporate filmmaking."
References
1912 films
1913 films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
French silent short films
French black-and-white films
Gubesh Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 1407 m in Flowers Hills, Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It surmounts Rutford Ice Stream to the east and Sikera Valley to the west.
The peak is named after the settlement of Gubesh in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Gubesh Peak is located at , which is 11.29 km east by north of Mount Havener, 13.95 km south-southeast of Dickey Peak and 13.4 km northwest of Batil Spur, and 8.31 km northeast of Taylor Spur in Doyran Heights. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
External links
Gubesh Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Gubesh Peak. Copernix satellite image
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Huckaville, also known as Liberty Hill, is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. Huckaville is located on Alabama State Route 55, northwest of Florala.
History
A post office operated under the name Liberty Hill from 1892 to 1907.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Jac Maris (21 February 1900 – 5 April 1996) was a Dutch sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1900 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Dutch sculptors
Dutch male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Magdeburg
20th-century Dutch male artists
Michela Belmonte (1925–1978) was an Italian film actress. She was the younger sister of the actress Maria Denis, and briefly enjoyed a career as a leading lady during the Fascist era appearing in major films such as Roberto Rossellini's A Pilot return. Following the overthrow of Benito Mussolini's regime in 1943, she retired from acting.
Filmography
A Pilot Returns (1942)
The Three Pilots (1942)
Il nostro prossimo (1943)
References
Bibliography
Bondanella, Peter. The Films of Roberto Rossellini. Cambridge University Press, 1993.
External links
1925 births
1978 deaths
Italian film actresses
Actors from Padua
20th-century Italian actresses
Spring Hill Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on County Road 89 on the south side, approximately 750 feet west of the junction with County Rd. 49 in Spring Hill, Alabama. The Greek revival church was built in 1841 by John Fletcher Comer, father of Alabama Governor B. B. Comer. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Barbour County, Alabama
Greek Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1841
Churches in Barbour County, Alabama
Gudrun Holgersen (born 15 April 1950) is a Norwegian legal scholar.
She was born in Stavanger. She took her cand.jur. degree at the University of Oslo in 1975 and the dr.juris. degree at the University of Bergen in 1991. She then became appointed as law professor at the University of Bergen. She is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 2009.
From 1987 to 1995 she led Klagenemnda for likestilling, and later became deputy leader of the Norwegian Equality and Anti-Discrimination Tribunal. She led the committee that publisher the Norwegian Official Report in 2002 against ethnic discrimination. She resides in Nesttun.
References
1950 births
Living people
People from Stavanger
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian legal scholars
University of Bergen faculty
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Micale Malik Cunningham (born October 6, 1998) is an American football quarterback for the Louisville Cardinals.
Early years
Cunningham attended Park Crossing High School in Montgomery, Alabama. During his career, he passed for 6,276 yards and 71 touchdowns, while rushing for 1,926 yards and 32 scores. He committed to the University of Louisville to play college football.
College career
After redshirting his first year at Louisville in 2017, Cunningham appeared in 10 games and made three starts in 2018. He completed 40 of 67 passes for 473 yards with one touchdown and one interception and rushed for a team-high 497 yards and five touchdowns. In 2019, he completed 111 of 178 passes for 2,065 yards, 22 touchdowns and five interceptions. He also added 482 yards and six touchdowns. He was named the MVP of the 2019 Music City Bowl after passing for 279 yards with two touchdowns and rushing for 81 yards.
On Thursday November 18, Malik put up 527 yards of offense (224 rushing and 303 passing) in a blowout victory against Duke. He also had a total of 7 touchdowns (5 in the air and 2 on the ground)
Statistics
Personal life
Cunningham originally went by his middle name, Malik, before changing to his true first name, Micale, midway through the 2019 season. He again went by Malik in 2020.
References
External links
Louisville Cardinals bio
1998 births
Living people
Players of American football from Montgomery, Alabama
American football quarterbacks
Louisville Cardinals football players
Taverna is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy. It is located at the feet of the Sila mountain range.
People
Mattia Preti, 17th-century Baroque painter
Gregorio Preti, 17th-century Baroque painter, brother of Mattia Preti
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Wiesenthal or Wiesental may mean:
Places
Wiesenthal, a municipality in Thuringia, Germany
Oberwiesenthal, a town and ski resort in Erzgebirgs District, Saxony, Germany, known as Wiesenthal
Wiesenthal an der Neiße, an old name of Lučany nad Nisou in the Czech Republic
Wiesenthal, Bohemia, an old name for Loučná pod Klínovcem in the Czech Republic
Wiesenthal, Brandenburg, an old name for Chlebice in Poland
Wiesenthal, East Prussia, an old name for Bachorza, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland
Wiesenthal, Pomerania, an old name for Święcianowo in Poland
Wiesenthal, Posnan, an old name for Skoraczewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
Silesia
Wiesenthal, Frankenstein, Silesia, an old name for Wadochowice in Silesia, Poland
Wiesenthal, Löwenberg, Silesia, an old name for Bystrzyca, Lwówek Śląski County, in Silesia, Poland
Wiesenthal, Militsch, Silesia, an old name for Ostrowąsy, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, Poland
Wiesental
Wiesental, Austria, a valley in Mistelbach District, Lower Austria
Wiesental, Germany, the valley of the Wiese river in the Black Forest and Baden-Württemberg
Wiesental, Black Forest, Valley of the river Wiese, in the Southern Black Forest
Wiesental (Baden)
Wiesenttal, a municipality in Forchheim District, Bavaria, Germany
Wisental, Switzerland, a valley in Hombrechtikon, Meilen District, Zurich Canton, Switzerland
Outer space
69275 Wiesenthal (1989 WD4), an asteroid
Family name
Grete Wiesenthal (1885–1970), an Austrian dancer and choreographer
Simon Wiesenthal (1908–2005), a Jewish Galician-Austrian who became a Nazi hunter after surviving the Holocaust
Kreisky-Peter-Wiesenthal affair
Simon Wiesenthal Center
Helmut Wiesenthal (born 1938, Meuselwitz), a German sociologist, politologist (de)
Charles Fredrick Wiesenthal (?), one of the inventors of the sewing machine
Mauricio Wiesenthal (born 1943), Spanish writer from, Barcelona
Robert S. Wiesenthal (born 1966), an American businessman
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23, 24 and 25 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Semifinals
24 August
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
23 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 37 athletes from 29 countries participated in the event.
References
1500 metres
1500 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Kopi Kade (Coffee Shop) (Sinhala:කෝපි කඩේ) is a popular Sri Lankan comedy-drama television series broadcast on the Independent Television Network. One of Sri Lanka's iconic television series in history, Kopi Kade remains the most popular program at its time-slot according to Survey Research Lanka. The 1500th uninterrupted weekly episode was broadcast on January 17, 2017. It was telecasted on Sundays for a brief period, where the drama was starts back to telecast on every Wednesday which was later telecast on every Friday at 9.00 p.m.
Plot
ITN director Thevis Guruge developed the program as a platform to discuss social issues and convey them to the general public. The series would revolve around a village "kopi kade," because small shops that serve coffee, food and groceries generally serve as the center of town life. Women frequent such establishments to obtain the groceries they need, and men join to play games like draughts while discussing matters of interest.
Cast and characters
Current
Rathna Sumanapala as Kopi Kade Hamine
Rodney Fraser as Gajan
K.D. Siripala as Dingi Mahaththaya
Geetha Bulathsinghala as Geetha Naga
Thilak Kumara Rathnayake as Somadasa
Upasena Subasinghe as Pala
Jayarathna Rupasinghe as Sirisena
Saman Gunawardena as Banda
Sena Gunawardana as Kiri Hoda
Upali Silva as Sugathan
Wasantha Kumarasiri as Sunimal
Kapila Sigera as Shelton Mahattaya
Ariyasena Handuwela as Village Officer
Niluka Rekhani as Kamala
Udeni Chandrasiri as Kapu Mahaththaya
Princy Fernando as Violet
Kumudini Sewwandi as Yasa Naga
Boniface Jayasantha as Poottuwa
Eddie Amarasinghe as Piyum Mahathaya
Awantha Somasiri as Jason
Udaya Kumari Ranasingha as Poli Siriya
Retired
Kumara Siriwardena as Nimal
Susila Kottage as Dayawathi
Nanda Wilegoda as Alis
Damayantha Perera as Suwanda
Rahal Bulathsinghala as Podi Mahaththaya
Ganga Nadee Withana as Tikiri Naga
Saranapala Jayasuriya as Kade Mudalali
Kumari Perera as Kade Hamine's daughter
Dilip Rohana ("Sudhaa" of "La Hiru Dahasak" teledrama) as Kade Hamine's son
Victor Fernando as Loku Hamuduruvo Chief Monk at the Village Temple
Pathma Perera as Kopi Kade Polee Siriya
Jerad Moraes as Kopi Kade Suda
K A Piyakaru as kurun Gurun
Deceased
Denawaka Hamine as Loku Hamine
Martin Gunadasa as Poli Mudalali
Chandrasiri Kodithuwakku as Abilin Maama
Susila Kuragama as Ensina
Damitha Saluwadana as Asilin
Premadasa Vithanage as Minee Petti Mudalali (Town's Undertaker)
Lal Senadheera as Annasiwatte Rathnapala (Rathne Lamaya)
Ranjith Amarasekara as Iskole Mahaththaya
Raja Sumanapala as Ali Jamis
Devi Sakunthala as Suwanda's Mother - Angu Hami
Wimal Wickramarachchi as Samel Appu
Thusith Pathiraja as Monk at temple
Kusum Kondegama as Sirisena's mother
Sunil Hettiarachchi as Giran
Elson Divithurugama as Lee Mudalali
Nanasiri Kaluarachchi as Kaluwa
Chitra Wakishta as Somi Nona
Wimaladharma Vitharana as Weda mahaththaya
Srilal Abeykoon as Appuwa
Production
Andrew Jayamanna was the first director of the program. By 2006, the show had seen six directors, including the Saman Fernando. Sudam Dayarathne and Janaka Mahalpath joined the directing crew after the death of Andrew Jayamanna. Sumith Dias directed the program from 1992 to 1996. Chandika Wijesena and Prabath Dushyantha are now the directors.
References
Sri Lankan drama television series
Sri Lankan television shows
1980s Sri Lankan television series
1990s Sri Lankan television series
2000s Sri Lankan television series
2010s Sri Lankan television series
2020s Sri Lankan television series
1987 Sri Lankan television series debuts
Catherine Adams (or similar) may refer to:
Actors
Kathryn Adams (actress, born 1893) (1893–1959), American silent-film actress
Kathryn Adams (actress, born 1920) (1920–2016), American actress; later name Kathryn Adams Doty
Katie Adams, American voice actress for 1990s and 2000s Weiß Kreuz#Civilians
Political figures
Katherine Patricia Irene Adams (born 1947), Scottish peer and MP; a/k/a Irene Adams
Cathie Adams (born 1950), American conservative political activist from Texas
Sportspeople
Kathryn Adams, American figure skater; gold medalist at 1984 St. Ivel International#Ladies
Kate Adams, Scottish winner of Women's Singles at 1993 World Indoor Bowls Championship
Katrina Adams (born 1968), American tennis player
Others
Katherine Langhorne Adams (1885–1977), American painter and printmaker
Katherine L. Adams (born 1964), American attorney at Apple Inc; a/k/a Kate Adams
Cathy Adams, British legal counselor (List of witnesses of the Iraq Inquiry#June 2010)
Cat Adams, pen name, since 1997, of American fantasy authors C.T. Adams and Cathy Clamp
Fictional characters
Katherine Adams, The Godfather character portrayed by Diane Keaton; a/k/a Kay Adams-Corleone
See also
Adams (surname)
Angela Saunders (born May 1977 in Bromley, London) is an English model and actress.
Early life
Saunders trained as a youth in tap dance and ballet. She then became a hospital worker who did part-time modelling work, and after appearing as a nurse in the Scottish soap opera McCallum, aged 21 she became a dancer on a cruise ship.
On her return to the UK, she became a full-time model and then grid-girl for three years in Formula One. She also had a job on Ant and Dec's children's show, SMTV Live.
Acting career
In 2002, Saunders got the part of Tash Parker on Sky One's Dream Team football soap opera. While undertaking the part, ITV1 asked her to audition for the similar Footballers Wives – first for the role of Chardonnay, and then a blonde named Cheryl. ITV scrapped the idea because the character was allegedly too much like Sheryl Gascoigne.
Personal life
Although previously she did not take much interest in football, in 2003 Saunders married then Birmingham City footballer Stephen Clemence. The couple have two children, Jack and Sadie, Jack born on 5 February 2005 and Sadie on 20 April 2007. The couple have since divorced. Angela is now remarried to Dean Harrison.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
People from Bromley
English female dancers
English female models
English television actresses
Actresses from Kent
Dereon Seabron (born May 26, 2000) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA), on a two-way contract with the Birmingham Squadron of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the NC State Wolfpack.
High school career
Seabron played basketball for Lake Taylor High School in Norfolk, Virginia. As a sophomore, he helped his team reach the 4A state title game. In his junior season, Seabron averaged 17.2 points and seven rebounds per game. As a senior, he averaged 22.5 points and 11 rebounds per game, leading Lake Taylor to its first state championship. Seabron was named 4A Player of the Year and All-Tidewater Player of the Year. He opted to play a postgraduate season at Massanutten Military Academy in Woodstock, Virginia to gain more attention from college programs. A four-star recruit, he committed to playing college basketball for NC State in April 2019 over offers from Georgia, Pittsburgh, Providence and VCU.
College career
Seabron redshirted his first season at NC State after being ruled academically ineligible by the NCAA and losing the appeal. In the regular season finale against Notre Dame, Seabron had his first double-double with 17 points and 13 rebounds, and he earned ACC Freshman of the Week honors. As a freshman, he averaged 5.2 points and 3.5 rebounds per game. On December 1, 2021, Seabron posted a career-high 39 points and 18 rebounds in a 104–100 win against Nebraska in quadruple overtime, breaking the ACC–Big Ten Challenge single-game scoring record. He scored the most points in a game by an NC State player since T. J. Warren scored 42 points against Boston College on March 29, 2014. As a sophomore, Seabron was named ACC Most Improved Player as well as Second Team All-ACC.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| NC State
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="11"| Redshirt
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| NC State
| 24 || 8 || 17.0 || .485 || .250 || .576 || 3.5 || .8 || .7 || .3 || 5.2
References
External links
NC State Wolfpack bio
2000 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Norfolk, Virginia
Shooting guards
NC State Wolfpack men's basketball players
State Route 102 (SR 102) is a east–west state highway in the western part of the U.S. state of Alabama. The western terminus of the highway is at an intersection with U.S. Route 43 (US 43) approximately north of Fayette. The eastern terminus of the highway is at an intersection with SR 124 in Townley in western Walker County.
Route description
SR 102 serves as a connecting route between Fayette and Jasper. From its western terminus, the highway travels across Fayette and Walker counties. It does not travel through any incorporated cities. It travels eastward along a road with numerous curves. The route reaches its eastern terminus in the unincorporated town of Townley, where it intersects SR 124, which heads to Jasper.
History
SR 102 was designated in 1962. It replaced Fayette County Route 47 (CR 47) and Walker CR 47.
Future
SR 102 will have an interchange with Interstate 22 (I-22) at exit 53.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
102
Transportation in Fayette County, Alabama
Transportation in Walker County, Alabama
Clwyd South () is a constituency of the Senedd. It elects one Member of the Senedd by the first past the post method of election. Also, however, it is one of nine constituencies in the North Wales electoral region, which elects four additional members, in addition to nine constituency members, to produce a degree of proportional representation for the region as a whole.
Boundaries
The constituency was created for the first election to the then Assembly, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of the Clwyd South Westminster constituency. It is mostly within the preserved county of Clwyd and partly within the preserved county of Powys.
For the 2007 Assembly election, however, it became a constituency entirely within Clwyd. Part of its area was transferred to the Montgomeryshire constituency, in Powys. Also, part of its area was transferred to another Clwyd constituency, Clwyd West. For Westminster purposes, the same boundary changes became effective at the 2010 United Kingdom general election.
As created in 1999, the North Wales region includes the constituencies of Alyn and Deeside, Caernarfon, Clwyd West, Clwyd South, Conwy, Delyn, Vale of Clwyd, Wrexham and Ynys Môn. For the 2007 election the region will include Aberconwy, Alyn and Deeside, Arfon, Clwyd South, Clwyd West, Delyn, Vale of Clwyd, Wrexham and Ynys Môn.
For the period 1999 to 2007, the Clwyd South constituency can be described as consisting of electoral divisions as follows:
Within Denbighshire:
Corwen, Llandrillo and Llangollen
Within Wrexham:
Bronington, Brymbo, Bryn Cefn, Cefn, Chirk North, Chirk South, Coedpoeth, Dyffryn Ceiriog/Ceiriog Valley, Esclusham, Gwenfro, Johnstown, Llangollen Rural, Marchwiel, Minera, New Broughton, Overton, Pant, Penycae, Penycae and Ruabon South, Plas Madoc, Ponciau and Ruabon
Voting
In general elections for the Senedd, each voter has two votes. The first vote may be used to vote for a candidate to become the Member of the Senedd for the voter's constituency, elected by the first past the post system. The second vote may be used to vote for a regional closed party list of candidates. Additional member seats are allocated from the lists by the D'Hondt method, with constituency results being taken into account in the allocation.
Members of the Senedd
Constituency election results
Elections in the 2020s
Elections in the 2010s
Regional ballots rejected: 172
Elections in the 2000s
2003 Electorate: 53,452
Regional ballots rejected: 230
Elections in the 1990s
References
Senedd constituencies in the North Wales electoral region
Clwyd
1999 establishments in Wales
Constituencies established in 1999
Ann Wright is an American colonel.
Ann(e) Wright may also refer to:
Anne St. Clair Wright, American preservationist
Anne Wright-Grassham, see Minna Bluff
Anne Wright (or Albright) from List of Protestant martyrs of the English Reformation
See also
Mary Ann Wright (disambiguation)
Wright (surname)
Rayne Pinto de Assis (born 17 January 1997), known as Rayne, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Paraná, on loan of Figueirense.
Career statistics
Honours
Red Bull Bragantino
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2019
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Red Bull Brasil players
Clube Atlético Joseense players
Red Bull Bragantino players
Associação Ferroviária de Esportes players
Figueirense FC players
Paraná Clube players
Living people
1997 births
People from Vitória, Espírito Santo
Sportspeople from Espírito Santo
Amanda Rodríguez Ramos (born 4 November 1994) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a defender. She has been a member of the Dominican Republic women's national team.
Early life
Rodríguez hails from El Seibo Province.
International career
Rodríguez represented the Dominican Republic at the 2010 CONCACAF Women's U-17 Championship qualifying stage and the 2012 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship qualifying. At senior level, she capped during the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games.
References
1994 births
Living people
People from El Seibo Province
Dominican Republic women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Dominican Republic women's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Govt. Fazlul Huq College is a public institution for higher education in Chakhar, a small town in Barisal district in Bangladesh. It was founded in 1940 by then Prime Minister of Bengal A K Fazlul Huq with a view to creating opportunity of higher education to underprivileged students in rural areas. It offers Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC), as well as 3 years degree(pass) courses and 4 years honours programs which divisions are affiliated to the National University, Bangladesh. It is the second oldest and largest college in Barisal division and was previously affiliated with University of Calcutta before partition and University of Dhaka after formation of Pakistan and Bangladesh respectively.
History
Chakhar is a prominent village town in Barisal district best known for the parental home of the Sher-e-Bangla A.K. Fazlul Huq. It's located about 16 miles to the north-west of the district headquarters and administrated under Chakhar union of Banaripara sub district. It is also home of some aristocratic Muslim families and Zammindars of Mughal era. The Zamindars were reported to have been entrusted with some revenue powers, especially collection of Chouth, i.e. chau-kar from which probably the name Chakhar originated.
During the early 1930s, Huq bequeathed his entire homestead and other ancestral properties at Chakhar for the interest of education. Chakhar, also patronised and inspired by him, gradually became an important centre of culture and education.
In 1940, Fazlul Huq College was established as a degree college at Chakhar. He also founded a high school, known as Chakhar Fazlul Huq Institution for boys (Multilateral) and the another for girls known as Wazed Memorial Girls High School. Huq himself also established a public library, a reading hall, a rural reconstruction society, a boys' club and a rural hospital in the village.
The college was nationalized in 1978 by the Government of Bangladesh.
Library
The central library of Dhaka College was established in 1940 at the time of establishment of the college. It has a collection of 10,000 books sponsored by A K Fazlul Huq himself.
Academics
Fazlul Huq College offers H.S.C.under the Barisal education Board, 3 years degree courses and four years Honours programs in Nine Important Subject under National University,Bangladesh
For HSC Level ↓
Science
Business Studies
Humanities
For Degree (Pass) Level ↓
B.A. (Pass)
B.Sc. (Pass)
B.B.S.(Pass)
For Honours Level ↓
Department of Bangla
Department of English
Department of History
Department of Islamic history and culture
Department of Philosophy
Department of Political Science
Department of Economics
Department of Accounting
Department of Management
References
External links
Official website
Colleges in Barisal District
Universities and colleges in Barisal District
1940 establishments in British India
Academic institutions associated with the Bengal Renaissance
Educational institutions established in 1940
Pitasch is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Pitasch, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.
History
Pitasch is first mentioned about 801–50 as Pictaui though this comes from a 16th-century copy of the lost original. In 960 it was mentioned as in Pictaso.
Geography
Before the merger, Pitasch had a total area of . Of this area, 31.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while 49.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (18%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district. Before 2000 it was part of the Glenner district. It is located south of Ilanz on a terrace between the Val Renastga and the Val da Pitasch on the old road between Castrisch over the Güner Kreuz to Safien.
Demographics
Pitasch had a population (as of 2011) of 106. , 2.7% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -0.9%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh(60.2%), with the rest speaking German (39.8%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 52.2% male and 47.8% female. The age distribution, , in Pitasch is; 19 children or 16.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 26 teenagers or 22.0% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 8 people or 6.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 21 people or 17.8% are between 30 and 39, 16 people or 13.6% are between 40 and 49, and 11 people or 9.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 10 people or 8.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 6 people or 5.1% are between 70 and 79, there is 1 person who is between 80 and 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 41.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (26.5%), the SP (20.9%) and the CVP (11.2%).
In Pitasch about 70.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Pitasch has an unemployment rate of 2.05%. , there were 20 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector. people are employed in the secondary sector and there are businesses in this sector. 6 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 3 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance
The Swiss Reformed Church building in Pitasch is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
The Reformed Church was built in the mid-12th century into its current form. The church floorplan is a single nave church with a single half round apse. The interior murals date to about 1420, and on the exterior south wall is a mural of St. Martin and St. Christopher from the studio of the unknown Waltensburg Master which was painted about 1340.
References
External links
Official website
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Henry Mortimer "Mort" Senter (August 29, 1873 – April 15, 1934) was an American football player and businessman. He played college football for the University of Michigan from 1893 to 1896. He was selected as a first-team All-Western end in 1895 and as captain of the 1896 team. After receiving his degree, he moved to Colombia where he operated a coffee plantation. He became involved in a diplomatic incident after Colombian soldiers seized certain personal property from his home in 1902.
Early years
Senter was the son of a wealthy family from Houghton, Michigan. His father, John Senter was a native of New Hampshire and a commercial merchant. His mother, Lizzie Senter, was a native of New York. At the time of the 1880 United States Census, Senter was living in Houghton with his parents, an older sister (Nattie), and an older brother (Albert W.).
University of Michigan
He attended the University of Michigan and was enrolled in the medical school. While attending Michigan, he played football for the Michigan Wolverines football team from 1893 to 1896. He helped lead the 1895 Michigan Wolverines football team to an 8–1 record. The 1895 team won seven of their games by shutouts, and outscored their opponents by a combined score of 266 to 14. The sole loss of the season was a 4–0 setback against the Harvard Crimson, then one of the three great football powers. Senter was one of the stars of the 1895 team which laid claim to the title of "Champions of the West" and was selected as a first-team All-Western player by a Chicago newspaper, which wrote:
Senter is one of the best ends in the country, East or West. He is the one Western player who approaches Yale form and a man of whom Michigan is deservedly proud. Possessed of unbounded daring, he plays like a demon and runs and tackles in a manner astonishing in a player of so short experience.
Before the Harvard game, The Boston Sunday Globe wrote: "In Senter Michigan has undoubtedly the best end the west has yet developed. He is now crippled by a bad knee, but the Harvard backs will not find it easy to get around him, for all that. He is a sure ground-gainer, as well. His weight is 168 pounds."
In December 1895, Senter was voted by his teammates to serve as the captain of the 1896 team. At the time, The Michigan Alumnus reported on Senter's election:
Every vote was cast on the first ballot for Henry Mortimer Senter, of Houghton, Mich., 'Mort' Senter is considered by many the finest end the West has ever produced. In accepting the position he assured the men that if hard work could produce it, our next year's team will be as good as this year's.
The Chicago Daily Tribune praised the selection of Senter:
'Mort' Senter, as he is familiarly known, is one of the most dashing and reckless players in the country. He is a hard tackler, a fine interferer, and one of the best ground gainers on the team. He has the confidence of his men, and will make a good Captain.
During the summer of 1896, Senter suffered from a severe illness and a serious ankle injury. As a result, Senter was kept out of most of Michigan's games in 1896. Despite being sidelined, the Chicago Daily Tribune wrote of his success as captain: "Capt. Senter has been Michigan's star end for the last two years, and this season has proven him one of the most popular and most able Captains ever in authority at Ann Arbor." The 1896 team, with Senter as captain, started the season with nine consecutive wins in which the Wolverines outscored their opponents by a combined score of 256 to 4. In the final game of the season, played on Thanksgiving Day at the Chicago Coliseum, the team lost a close game to Amos Alonzo Stagg's University of Chicago team by a score of 7–6. The 1896 Michigan–Chicago game was the first college football game played indoors, and the last portion of the game was also played under electric lights. However, in November 1896, Senter prevailed upon the team to select a new captain, and Frank Villa was selected to serve as captain for the remaining games.
Senter was also a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity while studying at Michigan.
Colombia
In April 1897, Senter applied for a United States passport, indicating that he intended to be abroad for two years. In January 1898, The Michigan Alumnus reported that Senter had moved to South America "where he owns and operates a great coffee plantation." He settled in Santa Marta, Colombia and conducted business as a coffee planter and lumberman. In December 1901, he published an article titled "Business Opportunities in South America" in which he extolled the climate and business opportunities in South America for men of capital.
In November 1900, Senter was interviewed by the Detroit Free Press about the difficulties doing business in Colombia during the country's Thousand Days' War. In 1902, the Colombian military expropriated certain property from Senter's home (including a horse, a mule and $300 in gold), prompting a diplomatic incident that involved United States Secretary of State John Hay and the Colombian Secretary of War Beaupre. Senter described the events in a May 1902 letter to the U.S. Consul: "The numerous inconveniences and insults we foreigners have been subjected to lately in Santa Marta have culminated in the forcible entry of our houses and the taking therefrom of our personal property." Senter urged the Consul to send a ship for the protection of Americans, and in June 1902, the U.S Consul wrote a letter to the Acting Secretary of State requesting the dispatch of a man-of-war to the port of Santa Marta. The Consul continued:
You will note by the inclosed letters that a very disturbed condition of affairs exists in Santa Marta, Colombia, which is at present occupied by a large force of Government troops. Messrs. Senter and Edwurn are American citizens engaged in business near the town and reside in said place. It is evident that the civil authorities are unable to control the troops, and it would therefore seem important that the United States should take some appropriate measure to command respect and afford protection to the American residents there.
The incident culminated in an exchange of letters between American Secretary of State Hay and Colombian Secretary of War Beaupre that were included in the State Department's 1902 report to Congress on the year's significant diplomatic incidents.
Despite the incident, Senter continued to do business in Colombia for several years. In June 1903, Senter was a passenger on the S.S. Adirondack sailing from Santa Marta to New York. His occupation was listed as a merchant. In July 1909, Senter was a passenger on the S.S. Allegheny sailing from Santa Marta to New York. His occupation was listed as a lumberman. In May 1914, he was a passenger on the S.S. Graecia sailing from Puerto, Colombia, to New York. At that time, he was identified as a U.S. citizen residing in Barranquilla, Colombia. In February 1915, he was a passenger on the S.S. Pastores sailing from Cristobol in the Canal Zone to New York. His permanent United States address was listed as Houghton, Michigan.
Later years
Senter later owned about 1,400 acres in northwestern Arkansas. He was married to Grace Bethine Hall in approximately 1918. In a Draft Registration Card dated September 1918, Senter listed his permanent home address in Eureka Springs, Arkansas, and stated that he was employed as a farmer in Beaver Township, Carroll County, Arkansas. At the time of the 1920 United States Census, he was living in Beaver Township with his wife Grace H. Senter (age 31 in 1920). His occupation was listed as a farmer on a stock farm.
He later moved to Mexico where he managed a large plantation for several years. He subsequently moved to California, where he died in approximately 1934. He is buried at Bellevue Cemetery and Mausoleum in Ontario, California.
References
1873 births
1934 deaths
19th-century players of American football
Michigan Wolverines football players
People from Houghton, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
American emigrants to Colombia
Carlo Cicala or Carlo Cicada was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Albenga (1554–1572).).
Biography
On 30 March 1554, Carlo Cicala was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius III as Bishop of Albenga. He served as Bishop of Albenga until his resignation in 1572.
Episcopal succession
While bishop, he was the principal co-consecrator of:
Benedetto Lomellini, Bishop of Ventimiglia (1565);
Filippo Spinola, Bishop of Bisignano (1566); and
Luca Fieschi, Bishop of Andria (1566).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius III
Rime Crests () is a five crest-like summits surmounting the east side of Sunshine Glacier, Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands. The name, originally applied to the highest peak by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) following a survey of 1948–49, is descriptive of the feature's heavy cover of hoarfrost, or rime. A collective name for the summits was considered to be more useful.
Mountains of the South Orkney Islands
The 56th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army. It was originally raised in 1916 for service during the World War I and took part in the fighting in the trenches of the Western Front in France and Belgium before being amalgamated with the 54th Battalion in late 1918 following the German spring offensive reduced the numbers in both battalions. After the war, the battalion was re-raised as a part-time unit in New South Wales. During World War II the battalion was mobilised and undertook garrison duties in Australia until it was disbanded in 1944. It was briefly re-raised in 1956, but was disbanded the following year and its personnel used to re-raise the 4th Battalion, which later became part of the Royal New South Wales Regiment.
History
World War I
The 56th Battalion was originally formed on 14 February 1916 during the reorganisation and expansion of the First Australian Imperial Force (AIF) that took place in Egypt following the Gallipoli campaign. This was achieved by transferring cadres of experienced personnel predominately from the 1st Division to the newly formed battalions and combining them with recently recruited personnel who had been dispatched as reinforcements from Australia. With an authorised strength of 1,023 men, the unit's first intake of personnel were drawn from men originating from New South Wales, many of whom had already served with the 4th Battalion. Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Allan Humphrey Scott, the battalion formed part of the 14th Brigade attached to the 5th Australian Division.
After a period of training in Egypt, the AIF's infantry divisions were transferred to Europe to fight on the Western Front. Arriving in Marseilles on 30 June 1916, the 56th Battalion was transported to northern France and within a fortnight was committed to the Battle of Fromelles, where the 5th Division undertook a disastrous attack that was later described as "the worst 24 hours in Australia's entire history". The 56th, along with the rest of the division, suffered heavy casualties, but was not withdrawn from the line until two months later. After enduring the coldest winter in 40 years in the Somme, during early 1917 the battalion took part in the brief advance the Allies enjoyed as the Germans withdrew to the Hindenburg Line, before undertaking a defensive role during the Second Battle of Bullecourt, and then launching an attack at Polygon Wood in September.
In early 1918, after wintering in Belgium, it was transferred south to France to assist in repulsing the major offensive the Germans launched on the Western Front following the capitulation of Tsarist Russia. Along with the rest of the 5th Division, the battalion defended the Allied line around Corbie, holding a position north of Villers-Bretonneux. After the German offensive lost momentum, in August, around Amiens, the Allies launched the Hundred Days Offensive, which ultimately brought about an end to the war. The 14th Brigade remained in reserve initially, before capturing Peronne in early September. During late September and early October the 56th took part in the Battle of St. Quentin Canal, before it was withdrawn from the line. Having suffered heavy casualties during the fighting earlier in the year, the Australian Corps was re-organised and the 56th Battalion was amalgamated with the 54th Battalion on 11 October forming the 54th/56th Battalion. This unit did not see any further action before the war ended in November and together they were later amalgamated with the rest of the 14th Brigade, with the 56th Battalion being disbanded on 10 April 1919.
During the fighting, the 56th Battalion lost 529 men killed in action or died on active service and 1,630 wounded. Members of the battalion received the following decorations: two Distinguished Service Orders (DSO), one Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE), 21 Military Crosses (MCs) with one Bar, 20 Distinguished Conduct Medals (DCMs), 50 Military Medals (MMs), nine Meritorious Service Medals (MSMs), 25 Mentions in Despatches (MIDs) and eight foreign awards. The battalion received a total of 16 battle honours for its involvement in the war in 1927.
Inter-war years and subsequent service
In 1921, following the demobilisation of the AIF, Australia's part-time military force, the Citizen Force, was reorganised to duplicate the divisional structure of the AIF, reviving its numerical designations. As a result, the 56th Battalion was re-formed in the state of New South Wales, as part of the 14th Brigade, within the 2nd Military District. Upon formation, the battalion drew personnel from two previously existing units, the 2nd Battalion, 56th Infantry Regiment and the 5th Battalion, 3rd Infantry Regiment. In 1927, when territorial titles were adopted, the battalion became known as "The Riverina Regiment". It also received an official motto, that of Trutina Probatus at this time. In 1937, the battalion became allied to the Gloucestershire Regiment.
During World War II, the 56th Battalion undertook garrison duties in New South Wales and Western Australia, as part of the 5th Brigade of the 2nd Division. In 1943, the battalion was gazetted as an AIF unit after the majority of its personnel volunteered to serve outside of Australian territory, nevertheless, it did not serve overseas, and was disbanded on 9 June 1944. After the war, the battalion was not reformed until July 1956 when it was re-raised as the 56th Reconnaissance Battalion (Riverina Regiment). It was disbanded again in September 1957. Along with the 7th/21st Australian Horse it formed the basis of the reformed 4th Battalion, which was raised in 1958 and later became part of the Royal New South Wales Regiment.
Alliances
The 56th Battalion held the following alliances:
– Gloucestershire Regiment: 1937–51.
Battle honours
The 56th Battalion was awarded the following battle honours:
World War I: Somme 1916–18, Bullecourt, Ypres 1917, Menin Road, Polygon Wood, Poelcappelle, Passchendaele, Ancre 1918, Villers-Bretonneux, Amiens, Albert 1918, Hindenburg Line, St. Quentin Canal, France and Flanders 1916–18, Egypt 1916.
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
Australian World War I battalions
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations disestablished in 1957
Jalagash (, ) is a district of Kyzylorda Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the urban-type settlement of Jalagash. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kyzylorda Region
European Society for Mathematics and the Arts (ESMA) is a European society to promoting mathematics and the arts. The first Conference of ESMA, took place in July 2010 at the Institute Henri Poincaré in Paris.
References
External links
The ESMA website
Mathematical societies
Mathematics and art
Litai usually refers to Lithuanian litas (plural litai).
Litai may also refer to:
Litae, daughters of Zeus in Greek mythology
Litai, Shandong, a town in Yanggu County, Shandong, China
Litai Township, a township in Xianyang, Shaanxi, China
Wilson Bigaud (29 January 1931 – 22 March 2010) was a Haitian painter. Born in Port-au-Prince, Bigaud first worked with clay before becoming a painter. At the International Exhibit in Washington, D.C., in 1950 Bigaud won second place for a painting entitled "Paradise". He also painted a mural in the Holy Trinity Cathedral of Port-au-Prince which depicts the Marriage at Cana. He was a member of the artist group founded by Hector Hyppolite.
References
1931 births
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
2010 deaths
Naïve painters
The Lyttelton Harbour Board was established on 10 January 1877 to manage Lyttelton Harbour. The harbour had previously been managed by the Canterbury Provincial Council, but provincial government ceased to exist on 1 January 1877. The harbour board was governed by members elected during local elections. Lyttelton Harbour Board was disestablished through the 1989 local government reforms, with its functions transferred to the Lyttelton Port Company.
The Lyttelton Harbour Board held its first meeting on 18 January 1877. The ten inaugural members were Edward Richardson, John Hall, Hugh Murray-Aynsley, Peter Cunningham, Richard James Strachan Harman, David Craig, John Anderson, Edward George Wright, Henry Sawtell, and John T. Rouse. Richardson was unanimously elected as the inaugural chairman. The table below shows the original membership of the harbour board:
Cunningham resigned in late 1877 and was replaced by Charles Wesley Turner, the deputy chair of the Canterbury Chamber of Commerce. Harry Allwright was elected mayor of Lyttelton in December 1877 and thus replaced Rouse. Both attended their first meeting in December 1877.
List of chairman
The Lyttelton Harbour Board had the following chairmen:
Notes
References
Politics of Canterbury, New Zealand
Port authorities in New Zealand
Patersonia pygmaea is a species of plant in the iris family Iridaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a tufted, rhizome-forming perennial herb with sword-shaped leaves and bluish-violet to purple tepals.
Description
Patersonia pygmaea is a tufted perennial herb that forms a rhizome and has woody stems long. The leaves are glabrous, sword-shaped, long and wide. The flowering scape is long and glabrous and dark brown. The outer tepals are bluish-violet to purple, broadly egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and wide, the hypanthium tube long and glabrous. Flowering occurs from September to October and the fruit is an oval capsule long, containing brown seeds.
Taxonomy and naming
Patersonia pygmaea was first described in 1840 by John Lindley in A Sketch of the Vegetation of the Swan River Colony. The specific epithet (pygmaea) means "dwarf".
Distribution and habitat
This patersonia grows in forest and heathland from the Darling Range to the Stirling Range and Albany.
Conservation status
Patersonia pygmaea is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions.
References
pygmaea
Flora of Western Australia
Plants described in 1840
Taxa named by John Lindley
Pierre Augustus Barker (April 17, 1790 – January 4, 1870) was an American mayor of Buffalo, New York, serving in 1837–1838.
He was born in LaGrange, New York. In 1812 he married Annache G. Livingston; they had eight children. He arrived in Buffalo around 1829 or 1830 and, a wealthy man, purchased many properties in and around the village. Shortly after his arrival he was appointed collector of customs for the port of Buffalo, and held the position from 1830 to 1838. He was one of the founders of the first Bank of Buffalo in 1831. He served as president of the Commercial bank in 1835 or 1836. The Commercial Bank was incorporated in Upper Canada on January 28, 1831.
In 1838 or 1840, Pierre A. Barker was president of the United States Bank at Buffalo.
In 1837, Barker held the office of Alderman for the 5th ward and lived in a mansion on Hudson Street. He was selected as acting mayor on December 21, 1837, after Josiah Trowbridge resigned. He immediately took to trying to calm the unrest in the city due to the Canadian revolutionary movement, or "Patriot War". His term ended in 1838 and sometime after 1841 Barker left Buffalo and moved to Natchez, Mississippi.
References
1790 births
1870 deaths
Mayors of Buffalo, New York
19th-century American politicians
Atlético Barrio Frigorífico is a Peruvian football club, playing in the city of Callao, Peru.
History
The club have played at the highest level of Peruvian football in the 1974 Torneo Descentralizado, but was relegated the same year.
In the 2007 Copa Perú, the club classified to the Regional Stage, but was eliminated by Cooperativa Bolognesi of Barranco.
Honours
Regional
Liga Distrital del Callao:
Winners (3): 1965, 1968, 1973
Runner-up (4): 1966, 1967, 1999, 2006
See also
List of football clubs in Peru
Peruvian football league system
References
External links
Peru - Copa Perú 1974
Región 4: Lima y Callao
Football clubs in Peru
The 1978 Kensington and Chelsea Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
20th century in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
The di inferi or dii inferi (Latin, "the gods below") were a shadowy collective of ancient Roman deities associated with death and the underworld. The epithet inferi is also given to the mysterious Manes, a collective of ancestral spirits. The most likely origin of the word Manes is from manus or manis (more often in Latin as its antonym immanis), meaning "good" or "kindly," which was a euphemistic way to speak of the inferi so as to avert their potential to harm or cause fear.
Sacrifices
Varro (1st century BC) distinguishes among the di superi ("gods above"), whose sites for offerings are called altaria; the di terrestres ("terrestrial gods"), whose altars are arae; and di inferi, to whom offerings are made by means of foci, "hearths," on the ground or in a pit. In general, animal sacrifice to gods of the upper world usually resulted in communal meals, with the cooked victim apportioned to divine and human recipients. Infernal gods, by contrast, received burnt offerings (holocausts), in which the sacrificial victims were burnt to ash, because the living were prohibited from sharing a meal with the dead. This prohibition is reflected also in funeral rites, where the deceased's passage into the realm of the dead is marked with a holocaust to his Manes at his tomb, while his family returns home to share a sacrificial meal at which his exclusion from the feast was ritually pronounced. Thereafter, he was considered part of the collective Manes, sharing in the sacrifices made to them.
Thus, victims for public sacrifices were most often domesticated animals that were a normal part of the Roman diet, while offerings of victims the Romans considered inedible, such as horses and puppies, mark a chthonic aspect of the deity propitiated, whether or not the divinity belonged to the underworld entirely. Secret ritual practices characterized as "magic" were often holocausts directed at underworld gods, and puppies were a not uncommon offering, especially to Hecate. Di inferi were often invoked in binding spells (defixiones), which offer personal enemies to them. The infernal gods were also the recipients on the rare occasions when human sacrifice was carried out in Rome. The ritual of devotio, when a general pledged his own life as an offering along with the enemy, was directed at the gods of the underworld under the name Di Manes.
Festivals and topography
Religious sites and rituals for the di inferi were properly outside the pomerium, Rome's sacred boundary, as were tombs. Horse racing along with the propitiation of underworld gods was characteristic of "old and obscure" Roman festivals such as the Consualia, the October Horse, the Taurian Games, and sites in the Campus Martius such as the Tarentum and the Trigarium. The Taurian Games were celebrated specifically to propitiate the di inferi.
The rarely raced three-horse chariot (triga, from which the trigarium, as a generic term for "field for equestrian exercise", took its name) was sacred to the di inferi. According to Isidore of Seville, the three horses represented the three stages of a human life: childhood, youth, and old age.
Arbores infelices
In the Etruscan tradition of tree divination, the di inferi were the tutelaries of certain trees and shrubs, on one list the buckthorn, red cornel, fern, black fig, "those that bear a black berry and black fruit," holly, woodland pear, butcher's broom, briar, and brambles." The wood of these trees, called arbores infelices ("inauspicious trees"), had apotropaic powers and was used for burning objects regarded as ill omens.
Christian reception
The early Christian poet Prudentius regarded the di inferi as integral to the ancestral religion of Rome, and criticized the gladiatorial games held for them as representative of the underworld gods' inhumane and horrifying nature. To Prudentius, the other Roman gods were merely false, easily explained as euhemerized mortals, but an act of devotion to the di inferi constituted devil worship, because Christians assimilated the di inferi to their beliefs pertaining to Hell and the figure variously known as the Devil, Satan, or Lucifer.
List of underworld or chthonic deities
The following list includes deities who were thought to dwell in the underworld, or whose functions mark them as primarily or significantly chthonic or concerned with death. They typically receive nocturnal sacrifices, or dark-colored animals as offerings. Other deities may have had a secondary or disputed chthonic aspect. Rituals pertaining to Mars, particularly in a form influenced by Etruscan tradition, suggest a role in the cycle of birth and death. Mercury moves between the realms of upper- and underworld as a psychopomp. The agricultural god Consus had an altar that was underground, like that of Dis and Proserpina. Deities concerned with birth are often cultivated like death deities, with nocturnal offerings that suggest a theological view of birth and death as a cycle.
The deities listed below are not to be regarded as collectively forming the di inferi, whose individual identities are obscure.
Dis or Dis pater ("Father Dis"), the Roman equivalent of Greek Plouton, who presided over the afterlife as a divine couple with Proserpina
Februus, Etruscan god of purification and death, absorbed into the Roman pantheon
Hecate or Trivia ("three paths"), an aspect of the triple goddess, along with Luna and Proserpina, adapted in Rome
Lemures, the malevolent dead
Libitina, one of the indigitamenta associated with death and the underworld
Manes, spirits of the dead
Mana Genita, an obscure underworld goddess who was concerned with infant mortality
Mater Larum ("Mother of the Lares"), a goddess of obscure identity and underworld associations variously identified as Larunda or Dea Tacita ("Silent Goddess") or Muta "(Mute Goddess)"
Mors, personification of death
Nenia Dea, goddess of the funeral lament
Orcus, an archaic underworld deity whose name was also used for the underworld itself; compare Hades
Parca Maurtia or Morta, one of the three fates who determine mortality
Proserpina, daughter of Ceres and queen of the underworld with her husband Dis; also Erecura
Scotus, god of darkness. Greek Erebos; deep, shadow and one of the primordial deities.
Summanus, god of nocturnal thunder who was later identified with Pluto
Vediovis, an obscure archaic god, perhaps a chthonic Jove
References
Ancient Roman religion
Underworld deities
Roman deities
Matthew Jukes is a wine writer in the UK.
He publishes a number of annual wine Reports including the 100 Best Australian Wines (the thirteenth 100 Best List was launched in May 2016), the Bordeaux En Primeur Report, the Burgundy En Primeur Report and, released for the first time in early 2017, his Piemonte Report.
He regularly lectures and runs tastings for both corporate and private clients.
Career history
Jukes started his career in the wine industry in 1987 working with wine consultant James Rogers at the Barnes Wine Shop, London SW13. From there, Matthew moved into buying for Bibendum Restaurant & Oyster Bar, London SW3, winning awards for his wine list, and then into radio when journalism started to become his focus. After 3 years on a weekly radio slot for the BBC, Channel 4 approached Jukes to host 'Wine Hunt'. Jukes then went on to write 'The Wine Book' which was later serialised by the Daily Mail. Jukes was offered a wine column in the Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine.
Awards
In January 2012, Matthew Jukes was awarded the Honorary Australian of the Year Award by the Australia Day Foundation. It recognises a non Australian resident of the UK who displays "Australian characteristics" or has contributed significantly to Australia.
In May 2011, Off Licence News voted Matthew the most influential wine writer in the UK.
His book, Taste Food & Wine, co-written with Tyson Stelzer, won the Australian Food Media Award for Best Food and Writing.
In 2002, Matthew won the International Wine and Spirit Competition's Trophy for Wine Communicator of the Year.
Publications
Quintessentially's 100 Most Iconic Wine Estates
The Wine Book: Change the way you think about wines of the world (2 editions)
Wine – everything you ever wanted to know but were afraid to ask (2 editions)
The Wine List – The Top 250 wines of the year (6 editions)
Taste Food & Wine, in conjunction with Tyson Stelzer, Australia (3 editions)
References
British male journalists
Wine writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Régnard Peaks () is a group of rounded, snow-covered peaks probably over , standing north of Mount Peary on Kyiv Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land. They were discovered and named by the French Antarctic Expedition under J.B. Charcot, 1908–10.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Gasteen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Francesca Gasteen, Australian actress
Jim Gasteen (1922–2017), Australian farmer and conservationist
Lisa Gasteen (born 1957), Australian operatic soprano
Commanding Right and Forbidding Wrong in Islamic Thought is a 2000 non-fiction book about Enjoining good and forbidding wrong in Islam by Michael Cook. The book is a winner of Albert Hourani Book Award and Farabi Award
Reception
The book has been reviewed by Donna Robinson Divine and Ulrike Freitag.
References
2000 non-fiction books
English-language books
Books by Michael Cook (historian)
Cona is a quarter of Teramo, central Italy. It takes its name from the presence of the local church, Madonna della Cona. The Madonna della Cona is a religious symbol of abundance and fertility with a festival the first Sunday in September that is celebrated in her honor.
Overview
Also located in this area is the important Italian Strada Statale 80 (State Highway 80), or SS80, which begins to the east in Giulianova and passes in a westerly direction to the city of L'Aquila. In doing so it transverses the Gran Sasso and the Capannelle Pass. In this area the SS80 passes through the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park. One stretch of this road has been rebaptized the Strada Maestra Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga National Park.
Quartiere Cona is a quiet and tranquil setting that is among the most populous of Teramo. In the year 2007, it had approximately 5,000 inhabitants. It is situated near the historical center city and is divided into five residential zones:
Cona 1 (upland from the church and closest to the Teramo shopping district)
Cona 2 (downhill from the church)
Cona 3 (on the far side of a bridge which crosses the Messato stream)
Fonte Baiano (a hilly region at the initial entrance to the zone)
Piano Solare (a flat plane which descends from the Fonte Baiano to the lowest zonal area).
In the zone Cona 3, is located the Parco Archeologico (Archaeological Park). The ruins date back to time of the Roman Empire. Here are found the remains of a paved road, the Via Sacra d'Interamnia (Sacred Road of Teramo) surrounded by ancient monuments. Analogous to the famous Appia Antica (Appian Way) near Rome, this road also bore the Latin name "Via Appia Teramana'' (Appian Road of Teramo).
See also
Teramo
Colleparco
Gammarana
Piano della Lenta
Neighborhoods of Teramo
The Russian steam locomotive class Izhitsa (Ѵ) was a steam locomotive produced in Russia and the Soviet Union between 1908 and 1918, and between 1927 and 1931. The Russian letter Ѵ can be transliterated as Hy. On Russian and Soviet railways, these were the most powerful steam locomotives of type 0-8-0. They were designed by E. E. Noltein and had a 16-ton axle load.
Similar class
The Russian locomotive class Y (Ы) was similar but had a 15-ton axle load. In the period 1909–1916, 350 class Y (Ы) locomotives were built.
See also
The Museum of the Moscow Railway, at Paveletsky Rail Terminal, Moscow
Rizhsky Rail Terminal, Home of the Moscow Railway Museum
Varshavsky Rail Terminal, St.Petersburg, Home of the Central Museum of Railway Transport, Russian Federation
Finland Station, St.Petersburg
History of rail transport in Russia
References
External links
The Moscow Railway Museum at Rizhsky Rail Terminal
Report on a visit to the Varshavsky Rail Terminal
Railway locomotives introduced in 1908
Izhitsa
0-8-0 locomotives
Steam locomotives of the Russian Empire
5 ft gauge locomotives
D h2 locomotives
Sodimico (Société de développement industriel et minier du Congo) is a state-owned mining company in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
Early years
Sodimico took over several mining properties from the Union Miniere du Katanga in 1967, when President Mobotu partially nationalized the Zaire economy.
Sodimico was a subsidiary of the giant state-owned Gécamines.
The primary focus was on gold mining.
In 1988 the Kinsenda mine was flooded, halting production for two years.
During the 1990s the company was badly affected by civil conflict and by the government's privatization policies. In many cases workers went unpaid for months.
During the Second Congo War (1998–2003) and in the unrest that followed "peace", informal mining by artisans produced much of the copper and cobalt, exporting it illegally with the collusion of government officials. Private companies produced 85% of official output, with dysfunctional state companies such as Sodimico or Gécamines as passive minority partners.
Joint ventures
As of February 2007, Sodimico held 20% of Minière de Musoshi et Kinsenda (MMK), other shareholders being Copper Resources Corp (CRC) with 75% and Forrest Group with 5%.
MMK was dewatering the Kinsenda Mine, which had one of the world's highest grades of copper ore at 5.1%.
It was estimated that the mine would produce 1.2 million tons of ore per year, giving 56,000 tons of copper.
Due to a Title Revisitation Process initiated by the DRC government, in February 2009, it was confirmed that the Musoshi Mine would be returned by the South African miner Metorex to Sodimico.
In March 2011 Prime Minister Adolphe Muzito attempted to pay a visit to a Sodimico plant in the Sakania Territory.
However, his route was blocked by miners protesting that they had not been paid for several years.
Controversy
In May 2010 the DRC Supreme Court decided that the Canadian firm First Quantum Minerals had illegally obtained the rights to its Frontier and Lonshi mines, previously owned by Sodimico.
According to First Quantum the ruling was due to FQM's decision to contest the expropriation of their Kolwezi tailings project, which was later sold to the Kazakh mining company Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation.
In August 2011 it was reported that Sodimico had sold its 30% share in the two mines for $30 million.
The estimated value of the mines was over $1.6 billion.
A document signed on 28 March 2011 laid out the agreement between Sodimico, Sandro resources Ltd and Garetto holdings Ltd.
When contacted later that month, Mines Minister Martin Kabwelulu denied that any sale had been carried out.
The Sodimico CEO Laurent Lambert Tshisola Kangoa refused to discuss the matter with reporters from Reuters.
The next day it was reported that Kabwelulu had in fact ordered the sale of Sodimico's 30% stake in the Frontier and Lonshi mines to Fortune Ahead, a shell company registered in Hong Kong that already owned the other 70% of Sodifor, the holding company for the properties. Sodimico was transferring some of the proceeds to a fund to be used in the forthcoming elections.
In September 2011 the International Monetary Fund asked for explanations from Sodimico and Gécamines, another state owned mining company, of sales of assets below market value and without publicity. At the time, the IMF was providing loans to the DRC worth $561 million to improve the economy.
References
Mining companies of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Windows kernel may refer to:
Windows 9x kernel, used in Windows 95-98 and ME
Windows NT kernel, used in all Windows NT systems (including Windows NT, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, 10 and 11)
Israel Michael Lerner (May 14, 1910 – June 12, 1977) was a prominent geneticist and evolutionary biologist. Born in Harbin, Manchuria, he received his Ph.D. in genetics at the University of California, Berkeley in 1936. He was appointed instructor of poultry husbandry and joined the university's department of genetics in 1958.
Much of his research involved the inheritance of components underlying egg production, the effects of artificial selection with inbreeding, and theoretical models predicting the effects of simultaneous selection upon numerous inherited characteristics. A number of his books include Population Genetics and Animal Improvement (1950), Genetic Homeostasis (1954), The Genetic Basis of Selection (1958), and Heredity, Evolution and Society (1968). He also served as editor for the journal Evolution, and was an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
References
External links
I. Michael Lerner Papers at the American Philosophical Society
I. Michael Lerner by R. W. Allard
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
1910 births
1977 deaths
Developmental biologists
Evolutionary biologists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the American Philosophical Society
The Cabinet of Afghanistan is the administrative body of the government of Afghanistan, responsible for day-to-day governance and the implementation of policy set by the Leadership. It is headed by the prime minister—who serves as the nation's head of government—and his deputies, and consists of the heads and deputy heads of the government ministries.
Islamic Emirate (2021–present)
Following the fall of Kabul to Taliban Forces on 15 August 2021, tentative nominations to the cabinet were announced in late August 2021.
The Taliban said in early September 2021 that women would not be allowed to "work in high-ranking posts" in the government and "ruled out" women in the cabinet. On 24 August 2021, Fawzia Koofi, a former member of the Afghan National Assembly, had said that a men-only government would "not be complete". Early September street protests by women in Herat and Kabul called for women to be included in the new government.
A men-only "caretaker cabinet" was appointed by Leader Hibatullah Akhundzada on 7 September 2021. BBC News stated that the Ministry of Women's Affairs appeared to have been abolished. Another two veterans were named two weeks later than deputies. Afghanistan's main political parties objected to the choice of acting Cabinet members as non-inclusive, with Jamiat-e Islami describing it as "more monopolist and extremist in politics and power than the previous imposed leaders", and Atta Muhammad Nur seeing it as a "sign of hegemony, monopoly and a return to the past".
As of 29 January 2022, no other country had formally recognized the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan as the de jure government of Afghanistan.
Islamic Republic (2004–2021)
From the 2001 United States invasion of Afghanistan through to the August 2021 Fall of Kabul, Afghanistan had interim and transitional administrations, followed by cabinets of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan starting in 2004. These are listed below from latest to earliest.
During the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, the president selected the members of cabinet with the approval of the National Assembly. Candidates for a ministerial position had to be an Afghan citizen, be at least 35 years of age and have higher education. Ministers, unlike the president and vice presidents, could have citizenship of another country, although in 2017 the Wolesi Jirga had rejected ministers who had dual citizenship.
Second Ghani Cabinet (2019–Aug 2021)
First Ghani Cabinet (National Unity Government; 2015–2019)
Karzai administration 2009–2014
After winning a second term, President Hamid Karzai nominated 23 ministers in December 2009 to be part of his new administration but only 7 were approved by the National Assembly. All the other candidates that Karzai initially selected were rejected by members of the National Assembly. Karzai presented a second list of 18 candidates to the Wolesi Jirga on 9 January 2010. A week later, the Wolesi Jirga again approved only seven of the candidates. Since then, part of the ministries have been governed by acting ministers who do not held approval of the Afghan legislature.
In June 2010, after the resignation of Interior Minister Hanif Atmar, President Karzai submitted 7 names for a third round of confirmation in the National Assembly. Five of them were approved by the National Assembly, leaving only six of the 25 ministries left with an 'acting minister.' In the line chart below is the list of members of the current Afghan Cabinet (2009–2014).
Karzai administration 2004–2009
In the line chart below is the list of members of the Afghan Cabinet from 2004 to 2009.
Afghan Interim Administration and Afghan Transitional Administration (2001–2004)
Afghan Transitional Administration (2002–2004)
The Bonn conference of December 2001 had installed an interim government, the 2002 Loya Jirga subsequently elected a transitional administration. From July 2002 until the presidential elections in October 2004, the Transitional Administration governed Afghanistan.
Afghan interim administration (Dec 2001–Jul 2002)
Following the late 2001 ouster of the Taliban regime approximately two dozen leading Afghans met in Germany at the Bonn Conference to choose a leadership and set in place a timeline for the adoption of a new constitution for a new Afghan government, and the timeline for choosing an executive and legislature by democratic election. In the chart below is the list of members of the Interim Afghan authority. The Afghan Interim Administration (AIA) was the first administration of Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban regime and was the highest authority of the country from 22 December 2001 until 13 July 2002.
Islamic Emirate (1996–2001)
This government was only recognized by Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, though Pakistan and the United Emirates later withdrew their recognition after the September 11 attacks. All other states continued to recognize the Islamic State of Afghanistan.
References
Executive branch of the government of Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Current governments
The 1939 Ottawa Rough Riders finished in 1st place in the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union with a 5–1 record, but lost the 27th Grey Cup to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Regular season
Standings
Schedule
Postseason
References
Ottawa Rough Riders seasons
James S. Dixon Trophy championship seasons
The Kerala Legislative Assembly election of 1967 was held to constitute the fourth assembly in Kerala. This election, which was held after the 1965 one ended up in no government formation, resulted in the newly formed United Front alliance forming the government, while the INC, this time contesting alone was reduced to just 9 seats. E. M. S. Namboothiripad was sworn in as the Chief Minister on 6 March 1967.
Background
In the 1965 elections, no party was able to form a government in Kerala. No viable coalition took shape, and Kerala went back to President Rule for another 2 years.
Kerala again went back to the polls in 1967. Both communist parties - CPI (M) and CPI - along with smaller parties including SSP and Muslim League contested this election as a United Front. A total of seven parties contested in the front, and the front was known as Saptakakshi Munnani. Congress and Kerala Congress contested separately. The total polling percentage was 75.67%.
Constituencies
There were 133 constituencies in total, out of which 120 were General Category, 11 Scheduled Castes, and 2 Scheduled Tribe seats.
Political parties
The national parties contested were the Communist Party of India, Communist Party of India (Marxist), Indian National Congress, Praja Socialist Party, Sanghata Socialist Party, and Swatantra Party along with the state parties Indian Union Muslim League and Kerala Congress.
Results
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9; text-align:center;"
! class="unsortable" |
! Political Party !! Flag !! Seats Contested !! Won !! Net Change in seats !! % of Seats
! Votes !! Vote % !! Change in vote %
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Bharatiya Jana Sangh
|
| 22 || 0 || NA || 0 || 55,584 || 0.88 || NA
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Communist Party of India
|
| 22 || 19 || 16 || 14.29 || 538,004 || 8.57 || 0.27
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Communist Party of India (Marxist)
|
| 59 || 52 || 12 || 39.10 || 1,476,456 || 23.51 || 3.64
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Indian National Congress
|
| 133 || 9 || 27 || 6.77 || 2,789,556 || 35.43 || 1.88
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Praja Socialist Party
|
| 7 || 0 || NA || 0 || 13,991 || 0.22 || NA
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Samyukta Socialist Party
|
| 21 || 19 || 6 || 14.29 || 527,662 || 8.4 || 0.27
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Swatantra Party
|
| 6 || 0 || NA || 14.29 || 13,105 || 0.21 || NA
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Kerala Congress
|
| 61 || 5 || 1 || 3.76 || 475,172 || 7.57 || 5.01
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
|
| 15 || 14 || 8 || 10.53 || 424,159 || 6.75 || 2.92
|-
|
|
| 75 || 15 || 3 || 11.28 || 531,783 || 8.47 || 5.27
|- class="unsortable" style="background-color:#E9E9E9"
! colspan = 3|
! style="text-align:center;" |Total Seats !! 133 ( 0) !! style="text-align:center;" |Voters !! 8,613,658 !! style="text-align:center;" |Turnout !! colspan = 2|6,518,272 (75.67%)
|}
By Constituency
Government formation
The United Front performed spectacularly swept most of the seats. Congress and Kerala Congress were decimated with 9 and 5 seats respectively. E M S became the Chief Minister for the second time. Second E. M. S. Namboodiripad Ministry had 14 members. For the first time in Kerala's history, the cabinet also included members from Muslim League. K. Karunakaran became the opposition leader in the assembly.
Fall of EMS Government
CPI (M) and CPI continued to have suspicions with each other. Due to the alleged high-handedness of CPI (M) in governance, most smaller parties were unsatisfied. This period also was marked by a series of student strikes and police firings. CPI, SSP & Muslim League eventually became a group within the front and worked together. Many ministers from the smaller parties resigned eventually, and many parties subsequently left the front. On 24 October 1969, EMS submitted resignation owing to the loss of majority in the assembly.
Achutha Menon Ministry
Within a week of the resignation of E M S Namboothiripad, M N Govindan Nair of CPI informed the Governor that their party was ready to form an alternate government. CPI formed a government with outside support from Congress. C. Achutha Menon became the Chief Minister of Kerala on 1969, 1 November. The First Achutha Menon Ministry had 8 members.
See also
1965 Kerala Legislative Assembly election
1970 Kerala Legislative Assembly election
References
1967
1967
Kerala
Staverton is a village and civil parish in the west of the English county of Wiltshire, about north of the centre of Trowbridge and east of Bradford on Avon.
History
Staverton developed near a crossing point of the Bristol Avon, on a road between Trowbridge and Holt. The road bridge may date from the 15th century and was rebuilt in the 18th, 19th and 20th centuries. The Avon forms the entire north and west boundary of the parish, while its tributary the Biss is the boundary in the southwest. The Kennet and Avon Canal, built in 1804, is the boundary to the south and southeast.
The early settlement was around a watermill and on the nearby higher ground near the church. The Old Bear Inn is from the early 19th century, and there are two rows of three-storey weavers' cottages from the 18th or 19th.
An Ordnance Survey map of 1958 shows only the school and roadside dwellings south of the village, between the railway and the canal. Later in the 20th century much housing was built here, followed by a marina for canal users, with waterside houses and apartments. These developments made the built-up area contiguous with Hilperton, on the other side of the canal. The population of the parish increased from 453 at the 2001 census to 1,868 in 2011.
Railway
The Wilts, Somerset and Weymouth Railway was opened through the parish on 2 September 1848, linking the Great Western Main Line at Thingley Junction with Trowbridge and Westbury, and forming a route from London to southwest England.
Near where the road passed over the line south of the village, a small station called Staverton Halt was opened on 15 October 1905, largely to serve workers at Staverton Mill. At the time this was a factory producing condensed milk for the Anglo-Swiss Condensed Milk Co. and a private siding to serve it was constructed in 1931, tankers being brought from Westbury after detachment from one of the Penzance to London milk trains.
A victim of the Beeching cuts, the halt closed on 16 April 1966 along with the three other stations between Chippenham and Trowbridge then still extant. Scheduled passenger services continued to use the line intermittently until 1978, after which time the line remained open to freight traffic and as a diversionary route. Regular passenger services were restored to the line in 1985.
Religious sites
A chapel of ease at Staverton was recorded in the 14th century, belonging to the church of St James at Trowbridge. The chapel dedicated to St Paul was rebuilt and enlarged on the same site in 1826 and became a church in 1839 when Staverton became a separate ecclesiastical parish. The porch was added in 1861.
Changes in 1954 brought St Mary's church at Hilperton Marsh into the parish, and the name of the parish became Staverton with Hilperton Marsh. St Paul's closed in 2011 due to dwindling numbers and was offered for sale. St Mary's continues as the parish church, now part of the Canalside Benefice.
A Wesleyan Methodist chapel was built in 1824 and closed in 1985.
Local government
The civil parish elects a parish council. It is in the area of Wiltshire Council unitary authority, which is responsible for all significant local government functions.
Staverton was a tithing of the ancient parish of Trowbridge, and became a separate civil parish in 1894.
Amenities
Staverton Church of England Primary School was opened in 1996, replacing an 1880 National School building which is now used by an independent school called Emmaus School. Staverton School can accommodate 310 pupils aged between 4 and 11. Facilities include two hard surfaced play areas, a nature area, school library, ICT suite and a shared school field with a pavilion and tennis courts.
The village has a pub, the Old Bear Inn. Widbrook Wood is just outside the parish, on the other side of the Biss.
Staverton Mill
There has been a mill on the River Avon at Staverton since at least the 11th century, when it was mentioned in the Domesday book. Over the centuries the mill has been used for corn and for fulling woollen cloth; later the site became a rubber factory belonging to Stephen Moulton. it is the location of a Nestlé breakfast cereal factory, operated by subsidiary Cereal Partners UK (CPUK). The large, landmark chimney at the factory was removed in November 2011.
References
External links
Staverton Parish Website
Villages in Wiltshire
Civil parishes in Wiltshire
Albert Barillé (14 February 1920 – 5 February 2009) was a French television producer, creator, screenwriter, cartoonist, and founder of Procidis. He is the creator of the puppet animated series Les Aventures de Colargol, and the series Once Upon a Time.... He was also an author of medical documentaries, theater pieces, and popularized philosophy.
Filmography
Les Aventures de Colargol (1970)
Once Upon a Time...
Once Upon a Time... Man (1978)
Once Upon a Time... Space (1982)
Once Upon a Time... Life (1987)
Once Upon a Time... The Americas (1992)
Once Upon a Time... The Discoverers (1994)
Once Upon a Time... The Explorers (1997)
Once Upon a Time... Planet Earth (2008)
See also
Wild Instinct
References
External links
Biography on Cinemotions.com
Procidis.com
1920 births
2009 deaths
People from Warsaw
French animators
French film producers
French animated film producers
French animated film directors
French television producers
French television directors
French cartoonists
French puppeteers
French male screenwriters
20th-century French screenwriters
Once Upon a Time...
Polish emigrants to France
20th-century French male writers
Charles McCrea (December 27, 1877 – October 30, 1952) was a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Sudbury in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1911 to 1934. He was a member of the Conservative Party.
Biography
Charles McCrea was born in Springtown, Ontario on December 27, 1877. He read law and was admitted to the bar in 1901. He married Edith Louise Dent on November 25, 1903, and they had two children.
As a lawyer and town councillor in Sudbury, he first won a seat in the legislature in the 1911 election. He served as Minister of Mines in the governments of Howard Ferguson and George Stewart Henry.
The McCrea Heights neighbourhood in Greater Sudbury is named for him.
References
External links
Parliamentary history at the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
1877 births
1952 deaths
Businesspeople from Greater Sudbury
People from Renfrew County
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
Sudbury, Ontario city councillors
Friar's Bush Graveyard is Belfast's oldest Christian burial site, located on the Stranmillis Road in South Belfast.
History
The mysterious Friar's stone in the cemetery bears the inscription AD 485. The oldest headstone in the cemetery was erected to the memory of Thomas Gibson who died in 1717. During the 1800s, the cemetery was repeatedly raided by body-snatchers, including in 1823 when the bodies of a woman and a child were stolen from the graveyard, although they were later returned.
The cemetery is the resting place of thousands of victims of the Cholera epidemic of the 1830s and the Great Irish famine of the 1840s. These people were buried in a mound dubbed 'Plaguey Hill', which is located just inside the cemetery's main gates. Also located inside the graveyard's main gates is the "Pauper's Pit", which is the resting place of those too poor to afford a headstone. By the mid 19th-century, the cemetery was becoming overcrowded, and only families with burial rights were allowed to be interred, and in 1869 it was replaced by Milltown Cemetery as the city's main Catholic burial site.
The graveyard is the resting place of the famed baker and philanthropist Bernard (Barney) Hughes who died in 1878.
Friar's Bush has been maintained by the Belfast City Council since 2000, having previously been owned by the Catholic Church.
See also
Milltown Cemetery
Shankill Graveyard
References
Cemeteries in Belfast
Religion in Belfast
Roman Catholic cemeteries in Northern Ireland
Magathala Nattu Mary () is a 1957 Indian Tamil-language film directed by S. S. Rajan. The film stars Sriram and Kumari Thangam.
Cast
List adapted from the database of Film News Anandan and from Thiraikalanjiyam.
Male cast
Sriram
P. S. Veerappa
Raghuveer
E. R. Sahadevan
Mohan
P. Varatharajan
T. C. Sundaramoorthy
Female cast
Kumari Thangam
G. Sakunthala
Susheela
Revathy
Production
The film was produced by M. L. Pathy under the banner Jaikumar Pictures and was directed by S. S. Rajan. Sam D. Dasan wrote the screenplay and dialogues. Cinematography was handled by Sanganlal and Raj was in charge of art direction. The film was made at the Paramount Studios in Chennai.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by R. Parthasarathy while the lyrics were penned by Naavarasu, M. P. Sivam and Kambadasan. Playback singers are P. B. Srinivas, S. V. Ponnusamy, Ghantasala, P. Susheela, Jikki, K. Rani, S. Janaki, Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi and K. Jamuna Rani.
The song Kannukku Naerae Minnidum Thaarai is the first Tamil duet by P. B. Srinivas and S. Janaki.
References
1950s Tamil-language films
Tierra del Fuego Province () is one of four provinces in the southern Chilean region of Magallanes and Antártica Chilena (XII). It includes the Chilean or western part of the main island of Tierra del Fuego, except for the part south of the Cordillera Darwin, which is in Antártica Chilena Province. (Argentina also has a Tierra del Fuego Province.)
Chilean Tierra del Fuego has two towns, Porvenir, capital of the province, and Cerro Sombrero, and a number of small villages. A key geographical feature is Bahía Inútil ("Useless Bay"), so named by British geographers in the late 19th century because the bay is not useful as a port.
Geology and hydrography
Gold-bearing sands have been recorded at a number of sites within the Fuegan shores of the Tierra del Fuego Province. Chilean Tierra del Fuego is known for numerous small lakes, including Lago Blanco and Lago Deseado. The climate is Subpolar Oceanic, bordering on a Tundra climate
Demography
According to the 2002 census by the National Statistics Institute (INE), the province spans an area of and had a population of 6,904 inhabitants (4,418 men and 2,486 women), giving it a population density of . It is the third most sparsely populated province in the country after Antártica Chilena and Capitan Prat, and it is the fifth least-populated province in the country. Of these, 4,734 (68.6%) lived in urban areas and 2,170 (31.4%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population fell by 1.2% (81 persons).
History
The shores among the islands have provided settlement locations for thousands of years of early humans in the Americas. In particular, the Wulaia Bay area of Navarino Island (south of the province) has yielded evidence of settlement by the Yaghan people more than 10,000 years ago.
A goldrush occurred in the late 19th and early 20th century.
See also
Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina
Tierra del Fuego Archipielago
Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego
Tierra del Fuego gold rush
1949 Tierra del Fuego earthquake
Porvenir, Chile
Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region
References
C. Michael Hogan (2008) "Bahia Wulaia Dome Middens", The Megalithic Portal, ed. Andy Burnham
J. Rabassa (2008) The Late Cenozoic of Patagonia and Tierra Del Fuego'', Elsevier, 524 pages
Provinces of Chile
Provinces of Magallanes Region
